Look on the bright side, Joe. This is the only place when things are bad. That's good. I play you first, dude.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
This is real quick in the presence of the United States. And this is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who thought that were pretty high. But Millie's here to tell you that girl.
You're not. They used to wear makeup and wear boy pants. But what I looked at maybe were under my trance.
Whoa, you think you're special? Whoa, you think you're something else.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose. That dome and dress, who may you march?
Oh, well, you got the brain. But if you got the touch, the volume may roll. I'll break it all right.
But now I'm looking for another man. Oh, the man. No, the dome and dress, you march.
What's the one, Joe? I think you remember this one. She had a safe recorder, but she kept on her phone.
And after she had sex, she was very the mom. She got herself so live, oh, and tell me, Doug.
But she still has ugly eyes, a hot-tempered. Whoa, she said that's my show. Whoa, she said that's my show.
So Linda Trepp got some surgery. That dome and dress, who may you march?
Oh, well, you got the brain. But if you got the touch, the volume may roll. Yeah, I'll break it all right.
But now I'm looking for another man. Oh, the man. No.
The name of dressing may march. Oh, I forgot they wanted. Oh, yeah, how about this next one?
A vague, choking girl with a purple eye. The damn gap grabs nearly for their eyes.
Well, the sacred meetings of my car and door. I could have told Will Chamberlain the hottest car.
Whoa, she makes me, she makes me, she makes me so bad.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. Let no, the dress, may march.
Oh, well, you got the brain. You got the touch. Now, let's get the roll. Yeah, I'll break it all right.
But now I'm looking for another man. Oh, the man.
Oh, well, you got the touch. Now I'm looking for another man. Oh, well, you got the touch.
I was taking the best flight. Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star.
When she gives birth, I blink her arms, break her hats. Big old wigs, and an ass of my chest.
Whoa, she makes me special. Oh, I'm also like she's something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from the art. Let no, the dress, may march.
Oh, well, you got the price. Now, let's get the roll. I'm looking for another man. Oh, the man.
My love and dress, may march. Thank you. That is my slave in the women's dress. I love you.
10, 04, 5, 60, WQ, I'm happy Friday to you. I'm sorry, miserable Friday to you.
No, Joe doesn't understand it. After all these years, you think that the blockhead would understand that when things go bad this time, that's what they thrive on.
Like my mother and your mother. Yeah, their professional victim. She's empowered by it. Oh, it's so terrible.
Well, that's great. That's why you're happy. Anyway, this is quite a story here before we do anything else.
This overhead sounds about as funky as it ever has. This is just bizarre. Yeah, let's crank up the echo chamber. What do you say?
Kill. Wait a minute. Do it again. Kill it, pot. Kill mom, but don't hurt TV. Teen Tales hit man. I saw that. We got a great story.
A Florida teen charge with having an undercover policeman to shoot and kill his mother instructed a purported hitman not to damage the 50 TV during the attack.
Smart boy. They had a boy. They got a big 52 in Sony or something.
Police in the South Western Florida city of Fort Myers. It says here. Well, this is CNN. It made the national arrest of the boy 17 year old Carlos Teresa.
Uh oh, be near Tuesday on a charges soliciting to commit the first degree murder.
Tipped by an informant. I said I'd offered to pay to have his mother killed an undercover in the undercover detective pose to somebody who knew the job.
Today so often the detective to grandly expected to inherit from his mother's bank account and given the keys to the family apartment and the apartment picture of his mother police report said he asked that the shooting be made to look like a burglary.
Carlos didn't want anything to happen. The television is effective strictly. Rest report.
Police arrested the teen immediately after the meeting with the detective and mother was on harm. Police spokeswoman Carol Witten said the motive was related to domestic problems within the family but declined to elaborate.
Don't hurt the TV though. Okay. Blow away mom. I believe the TV unscathed. Please. We've got some good crap coming on.
So I did. We were just watching. Which I guess is college. I had to leave the really. I don't know. I didn't watch it. We just too much to do. It was too far away.
You know. Look too much to imagination. Well that's probably because John Ascroft might have been monitoring it. Now the overhead is like don't even mess with it.
I didn't touch elementary school lockdown ends. There's some good news for anybody died. In fact, I don't think anybody died. I'm looking on there right now.
The bad news is that all these troops and their families are just falling apart. The seams together. Oh, you're leaving. They had buses that were pulling up.
They thought that a lot of them thought they were getting on to leave. And they said, oh, surprise. Not so fast. Right. You're just going to be another 90 days at least.
Devil likes you know after 90 days. So people are like crestfallen. You know, you watch the date on the calendar. You're like a days on the wall like on death row. He made it. He's not dead.
Yeah. Well, guess what? He's got another chance to be on the set. Human sacrifice. Don't let me forget to tell a story about that old friend of mine.
I don't want to say who it is or whatever because he's a good guy, but so misguided. That he, he's so badly. I just actually, if I'd have been smart, I'd have fed him like a sandwich.
I'm not because he's just enormous. I get a human being. Good guy. But I mean, so huge to put him over the edges. That's right. Yes. And he would have voted over. I would have been one less vote for Bush. But I mean, another Jew for Bush.
Because it's good for Israel getting the Sodom out of there. It's good for Israel. I said, don't be a handful.
Yes. Good for Israel that every Arab in the world is not like just foaming it to mouth and ready to like kill anybody who comes near him. It doesn't look like another one of them.
Yeah. That's good for Israel. Sure. But anyway, that's what he said. That was his rationale. In spite of the fact that he's very concerned about John Ascroft and all the boot stomping and all the censorship and all this.
The fact that W is just a frontman and a bowzo. All of these things he agrees with. But you know, Kerry doesn't impress him very much. He's very concerned about Kerry because the Iraq attack was good for Israel.
Oh, the more Arabs that die, all he's doing is just rationalizing why he's going to vote for Bush again. That's all. Don't have to make excuses, my friend. Just go and cast your vote. You got blood on your hands. Maybe that's why God is punishing you with all that excess weight.
Is everything of that? That's good. Yeah. The Lord is punishing him because he's ballooned up like a bufo toad. My old friend. But anyway, good luck to you.
I locked out into Miami Elementary School and without incident this morning. Flaggami Elementary was locked down for 10 minutes this morning. Police were dispatched to the campus at 920 Southwest. 76th Avenue in prestigious Miami.
After reports witnesses had seen a man entering the school, possibly wearing a pouch containing bullets. The lock down, and shortly before 930, after school officials discovered that witnesses had seen a parent who works elsewhere as a security guard, taking his child to school. The parent was wearing a pouch related to his job.
There was no danger to students at the school. The lock down was the second and as many days. The yesterday, Centennial Middle School in Miami was locked down for three hours after witnesses driving by the school report, seeing a man entering the school, looked like a covered rifle.
The gunman turned out to be a 13-year-old student who had taken a rubber band shooter to school. The seventh grader was placed in juvenile detention and charged with taking him up into the school grounds and disruption of school function at the junction.
A little bit of age jitters. The incidents came amid increased jitters across Miami after a student was stabbed to the infirmary, but we know that horrendous, grotesque story.
Every time you see a little something out of you, or nearly don't guide over react, and they're looking like a panicky and better shaped like duck, a mock-mistro. She's not here today.
A little abusman's holiday. There, why should he be indifferent from anybody else? Man, I'm telling you something. This was the inspiration for my first pool day. We're doing two.
But there's just nobody here. No. How about I always said for the last 500 years that every year, Easter and Pace Off time, as soon as that's over, they start bailing out of here like there's a bomb scare? I mean, the weather's still good. Yeah, if it's nice now, it's really nice, nice and cool. Not real, right?
Did you go tan in yesterday? Like you said, you were going to know, but I am Tanner than I was yesterday. Well, it is right. Tanner, maybe there's a lot of no more. And we are in the Tanner building. Tanner building. Yeah.
1981 votes on yesterday's pool. Not too bad. We better do the break though, because we have many fish to fry. I got two polls to work on today. And a lot of your very uplifting calls to.
I'm here. Support for the O5CC UAM.
Bretton and St. Cheese. This is the grill and we're talking on the five six into the QAM. Call me homie right here at five six seven.
H.O. Oh, oh, five six. Call me homie. Let me talk to Steve and Miami. Steve. Yo, what mean? Warren, come out.
Well, Crow, what do the Marlins have to do to win the World Series this year? Oh, that's an easy one. Steve, they got to swing the bat.
Hit the bow. Hit the strike. Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting. That's almost half 50% feeling. 50% pitching and 25% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me? Would you be getting in? Be what? Engman. Engman, I said you'll be an eggman.
Well, no, I'm not ignorant. Boy, I'll play both. Fence and nobody both in the dark world. Good thing. It's man half my time. Did you? Well, actually, I played in the
Netherlands. Are you going to be on the internet? Call me homie. I'm the crow. I'm the game.
All right. It's a and don't forget five six seven oh five 60. 1015 at five 60 WQ and we got Shannon Elizabeth behind to be the curtain today.
You're going to do 110. That's a good picture. That is a and if we get anybody complaining about that picture, we'll be shocked.
Write you a heart if you had one way you want to see me.
Sorry.
Do you know what he just said?
See, there goes the alarm. Whatever you said, we understand it. If we don't understand it, Michael Paul and Michael cops and Jonathan Adelstein understand it and Kathleen, whatever that bitch's name is.
Anyway, I saw a telly this morning. I keep mentioning that. Well, I haven't seen him in a very long time.
And he said, I kept talking about that Panther thing. And he said, but I mean, but I move better about why he's he's been hovering for quite some time.
Also, I want to apologize and retract what I said yesterday about more about every six months or so.
We go through this and I'm on trying. You got to admit I make an effort because you're soft here. Nice guy.
Well, he made the effort allegedly that last time, but I got sucked into that because I'm really stupid.
But that's a loop. Yeah.
I mean, he's just I thought from listening on here that I'm listening. Maybe he had mellowed a little bit.
Just calm down a little, decided to be part of the human race. Be a happy member of our dysfunctional family.
But he evidently behind the scenes continues being just as dysfunctional as ever. This is what everyone says.
Not anybody in particular, but nevertheless.
So the fourth annual Geldy's gang golf classic is coming up May 14th at the Mika Su-Mika Su-Ki Indian joint.
What if theiva is going to be there?
And if you want to get more info on it, go to wqm.com. Click on where it says events. It costs you 85 bucks, lunch, dinner and golf.
You can call 954-431-0859. If you want more info on it, 954-431-0859. It benefits underprivileged kids and soft-floated.
This isn't one of those beastly scams or Geldy's going to be out there raising money. It's going to go into the beastly pocket for another revenue stream.
No, this is for really good cause, which is why he's doing it. My I'm promoting it. Benefits underprivileged kids and soft-floated.
So nice going, Geldy. I'll put that over there and leave it for you.
Well, I'll put it in my thing. How's that?
So we keep promoting it because it's coming up. Anyway, channelism is behind to be in curtain today. If you've got lots of ID, lots of time on your hands and keep your hands above the table.
My suggestion is probably get a couple of those fake hands. Right? You don't like to have other cards.
When they blow up, you have in a closet, bring that baby out and just nail it to the thing there.
Where ever you're a PC, sit in the monitor and just nail it right in front of there. So John asks, every time he looks, he'll think that your hands are above the counter.
Well, that's a good idea when things are going right now. The poker players use those. Right. And they're a little underhanded.
Shannon Elizabeth's on there today with a fabulous picture. If I do say so myself, she was born September 7th, 1973 in Houston. Finally got somebody on there born in USA.
Well, I don't know. We had a one of people for whatever reason, it's just a coincidence. I was just born a broad.
We don't discriminate. Born a broad and turned a new guy.
Shannon Elizabeth, like I just got to say, why did I do that again? Many biography then they repeat the same in Kuala.
IMDB. They're pretty good, but she is filming a movie called cursed.
Yeah, it's the more Howard David in story. It's a movie cursed. He's still in there right now.
Johnson family vacation. James Bond, 007, everything or nothing. Love actually. Crooked E, the untrusted truth about N-ron.
J-and-son of Bobstrike back. American Pie 2. Tom Kancey, vicked scary movie. American Pie 1, dying to live, living to die.
Seamless kids rule, dish dogs, blade squad, jack Frost, blasts and on and on. She's been all kind of stuff.
How old is she? 33, 36. That old? Almost 37. What a grandma. 36 and a half.
Shannon Elizabeth, how do you like that? She still looks not or how old that picture is that you dug up on here, but looks pretty interesting to me. Probably fake.
Anybody else not only who is unhappy with any of the pictures on our beaded curtain, which we think is a squizz-it-very-very tasteful, if you pardon that expression, will be shot.
Anybody who accuses any of those pictures of being fake and not real will also be shot several times in various parts of the body.
Welcome to the channel.
1981 votes. I bet you we got 2000 now because I printed this out a while ago.
Oh my god.
2024. Holy moly.
Our poll question is that it was which of these people offend you the most.
Which of these people make you want to say, which is the soft-foad-aft in weight.
I felt very comfortable saying that too.
Can we say that, Clarence?
No.
It's the soft-foad of...
Wait.
Which of these people offend you the most? I forgot to put Clarence on there.
Isn't it interesting that now that Muff is taken the day off the day where the pink guy yesterday, and I commented about how Clarence's forehead was all pink and red.
You've got pink guy yesterday.
Did they hailed it?
Yeah, that pink guy.
And today he's white because Muffin here to get them all pinked up.
Religious fanatics bugged these people big time. Me too.
2012.
50% even Stephen.
That nice man.
2024 votes.
2012. Right down the middle.
Religious fanatics.
He has risen.
Right wingers.
385.
And like I said, there's a lot of crossover there, but we had to, you know, have categories.
Cigarette smokers 88.
The homeless voice people, they made a very, very impressive one here.
They came from nowhere. It was a late addition.
We apologize for not putting them on the beginning.
Homeless voice. Those golf holes had 76.
Those speed corner holes.
Old Jews had 70.
Oh, I see.
And don't forget our new motto here at QAM. Don't be a Yanta.
Please.
Limbo 64.
Haitian drivers 57.
Old Cubans 56.
Same Crab.
Illegal aliens 54.
Blacks 53.
Trailer trash 27.
Fags 19.
Atheus 18.
White people 16.
Those damn white people.
Man, they all look the same to me.
Golf fanatics 12.
Sports nerds 11.
Fitness nuts 5.
Jamaica ones 4.
And computer nerds only only 1.
Out of 2,035 votes.
And the votes are still pouring in on there.
Only 1.
And you want to know why?
Because computer nerds at least, they stay out of our hair.
You know, they're sitting there at the guy in their little room.
A lot of lawyers.
You don't like them.
The fake hands taped to the table.
Right.
Would you say about lawyers?
Nobody likes that lawyer.
So they need them.
Who are going to vote for a Bush?
Wasn't Norm Kent, by the way.
I just want to make it very, very clear.
It's not too late to change your mind, my friend.
Not too late to change the light.
But it's good for Israel.
If I ever hear that again, as long as I live,
I may just do something rash like eat some halibut.
I will need some playing yogurt.
Right.
Deplain.
For my yeasty intestines.
A lot of people don't understand that.
In fact, there are people who go through all sorts of badgames.
I've been thinking about that for many days.
Well, sounded like it.
What?
What you describe?
Eathy?
Yes.
Yes, pathy and easy.
And George says the best thing to do with that other than get drugs,
which is, you know, those drugs that kill yeasty and your intestines,
they just, they're like, what's that?
Irritable blood?
Irritable blood?
Right.
Ever take that?
No, thank you.
It's an antibiotic that will scorch your insides.
I mean, it doesn't just kill the bad bacteria.
It's just illegal.
You have to run and get like acidophilus and like that,
that's so this and all of these things.
Because it kills all of the good stuff as in your whole intestinal tract.
It's like a forest fire in your intestines.
It would be like taking a whole glob of that real hot taco sauce,
the real super hot chilies, the jalapeno.
Right.
jalapeno.
See, there you go again with that pink, jalapeno.
Right.
And just the swallowing.
That's what it's like.
So don't be taking that.
But like for a natural solution, it's playing yogurt.
Not yogurt with fruit on the bottom or fruit on the inside.
We got enough fruit around this place, believe you may.
So provide your own fruit.
Right.
I'll provide my own fruit.
Thank you.
You think that, in fact, if ponytail were in the area,
you could probably bring us by, you know, a few playing yogurts.
Right.
But you're right.
They don't understand that.
Plains are very simple.
I mean, even yo' play.
Right.
It makes a plain yogurt that's actually good.
Or every menu actor makes a plain yogurt.
And good.
Right.
There's no problem with it.
Like I told you before, the only yogurt that's bad plain
is if it's been sitting around too long.
Right.
And you open it up and it's got like water, like little mungy,
like skill about a quarter of that.
Florida, did I do the, I haven't done it yet.
The first poll today, we're going to do two.
You can add on some, I don't know what else to put on here.
But the reason I was inspired for this is because
driving to work this morning, and I'm not complaining,
believe me, because it's very pleasant.
I'm having to fight the horrendous traffic.
But it's plain to see that I'm right.
But every year around this time, once the holidays are gone,
it's everybody else's too.
Anybody who's got the opportunity to bail out,
when did doubt they get the hell out?
I can't understand that.
Which of these words are phrases best describes South Florida?
Tropical Paradise.
Absolutely.
The Nanomian public, toilet, bush league, or pleasant.
See, I'm trying to put like some negative, some positive,
some main B-pandy.
Right?
Those are the only five I've got so far.
We can get some more on there.
Hot.
Hot what?
Oh hot?
Hot.
Okay.
Hot.
That's a day of it.
Well, not today, but most of the time.
Hot and humid.
How's that?
Hot and humid.
I think Jeff Cohen's going to bring me in.
The bad news is that nobody came by yesterday to fix it his tire.
No, no, but it really is the good news.
Because he obviously walk across the street.
There's a tired kingdom.
How many yards is it?
About third man.
And across the street.
You know?
All he had to do was walk over there instead of coming in here in freeloading.
Now he did bring us lots of caffeine, free dive Pepsi.
Thanks a lot, Tony.
I want to tell you the best of the pizza locked in baby.
I'm university driver right beyond the pyramid imports.
Thanks a lot, Tony.
But I mean, and of course, now I finally last that I'm sitting at home and watching hockey games.
And I'm thinking of myself.
I understand now finally what's happened to poor Jeff.
He's been hanging around with other Jeffs hanging around with Rimmer too long.
That's why Jeff Cohen's becoming so cheap.
Never was a cheap guy.
Always bringing us whatever we want.
But hanging around with Rimmer so much, I think some of it may have rubbed off.
That's why he was didn't want to pay anybody to fix his tire.
But he didn't get any help on that.
Anybody on the phone?
Is that Jeff Cohen?
Who is that?
Jeff, Tony tell.
We love you baby.
Bring in some yogurt.
Like how many?
Four, six, three or eight.
Wow, it depends on how many people are going to say about a yogurt party.
A plain yogurt party.
Sounds exciting to me.
What do you say?
He's on his way.
He's on his way.
He's on the case.
Let's want to take us up to you now, Tony.
Why?
He'll be here within the hour.
Oh, come on now.
Don't listen to George, Tony tell.
Hustle your ass over here, okay?
Then the quickery gets here, the quickery will be gone.
You want him to watch us?
He is a show killer.
And please wash your hands because God only knows.
Oh, man.
I don't want to think about that, please.
Got some story on the pirate radio here, which is about damn time people start doing something about that.
You people on your pirate radio stations don't all be in jail.
Make no mistake about it.
All the rest of us, we slave over a hot microphone for years and years.
Look at how many years have been here.
You got dirt in there.
You saved it over this piece of crap, right?
Although I'm starting to think, what?
Maybe it's the way to go.
Maybe it's the way to go.
In fact, I think the way things are coming down right now.
All the way.
Although, see before, before all this latest fascism started, if they caught you with a pirate station, they would find you.
In fact, we got a story on one in the West Coast and one in Orlando where they're finding some people.
But now, with the John Ascroft and Michael Powell and the Michael Cups at the Elmnauf,
they find you with a pirate radio station.
First of all, they blow up your equipment then.
They blow up your brains out.
I don't think there's concern as they are about Phil.
Just to make sure you don't be doing it again.
I am lost.
This is 2020 fascism.
You are.
Friday, you bastard.
I'm going to get you.
Carry, carry, maybe carry.
Carry, maybe carry.
Carry, maybe carry, maybe carry.
Carry, maybe carry.
Carry, be the namunee, maybe.
Don't love the baby.
Carry, maybe carry.
Carry, maybe carry.
Carry, maybe carry.
Not as crazy as being.
He wants to.
W CANALS
Polarads
How I started I thought it would be
Somebody there.
You really kicked this house.
Yeah.
Wirhy,leen, maybe.
Carry, maybe carry, every leave.
Liars know where that's all.
Don't bring me something in time, and these don't bring me back up.
Yeah, we will.
Yeah, we will.
Yeah, we will.
Yes.
Ponderity to the five 60.
I just wonder if he's going to be good for Israel from Amortabund.
Eli, in fact, as this here's an answer to our question yesterday about Belize.
Remember we talked about Belize yesterday?
He says an experience of a cruise ship, where we're in Belize City one day to make
liberty save look like paradise is what he said.
Absolutely paradise.
The suburbs, netting quotes, the suburbs are basically broken down houses with
ditches full of garbage on the sides of the roads.
Outside the town, the local cemetery, the Shani town, where exiles, squatters from
Honduras, and El Salvador be living.
On the way to the zoo about half hour out of town, we hit a community of Chinese
immigrants about 10,000 people, all the signs were in Chinese.
Wonder what kind of animals they had running around.
We also hit a roadblock about a half hour out of town where the Belize police were checking
for drugs.
My advice, stay out of Belize.
Okay.
Stay out of Belize.
Stay out of Belize.
Stay out of Belize.
So cross that off you right to the right.
Okay.
I forget about Belize.
I guess it's Costa Rica or bus.
Man, get on your knees and thank God for that fact.
So tell you to stay out of Belize.
Anyway, the sunshine state in recent years has become the nexus of pirate
radio activity with Dayton-Broward counties leading the way in illegal FM stations
littering the dial.
Now a state senator has introduced a bill which passed a Senate and now awaits House
approval in Tallahassee that would prohibit a person from broadcasting without an FCC-granted
license in the state.
The proposed legislation specifically seeks to tackle interference with light license
public or commercial radio station would make such a crime a third degree felony in Florida.
All right.
Good, long overdue.
The bill has passed also authorizes the Office of Statewide Prosecution to investigate
pirate broadcasts and assist in shutting them down to which again we say,
all right.
The news comes as the FAA, FCC and Lake Worth Florida police work together and shutting
down a pirate radio station Tuesday that interfered with aircraft radio communications
both at Palm Beach International and Atlanta, Florida, Airstrip.
An FCC spokesman told AP that three other pirate radio stations were shut down Tuesday while
four others voluntarily seized broadcasting as opposed to getting shot.
According to radio and research conducted in March, radio and records research, there
are close to two dozen per radio operators just in Dave Broward alone.
Two dozen just in Dave Broward pirates and Saudi Deputy too happy about it.
That pathetic, yeah.
And they're cranking out and they're saying every word that's ever been invented and they're
cranking all the crap out.
See, now I'm going to tell you right now I think we ought to have a class section suit
all the commercial broadcasts against the FCC if they're going to make us not say or even
then they ought to crack down on the apparecent.
Right.
That's what they were created to do.
Of course.
Give people something they want to listen to.
Freedom of speech.
I think the best deal is that cruise ship idea.
That's right.
Just have a big ship out there just outside the three mile limit, the international waters
where they have no jurisdiction with about a 10 million watt signal.
Bimini radio, jammin, jammin.
It's right there.
You can have the high solid gambling, you know, the internet gambling stuff.
I mean, the potential there is limitless, right?
You can probably get some spots for Walmart.
Yeah.
Good people.
Good job.
Okay, let's see if anybody wants to put anything else on this poll this first poll today.
Which of these words are phrases best described South Florida so far?
Banana Republic seems to be leading the way with 39.
Thank you.
What do they mean by that?
Toilet.
Boy, Joe is right.
These people are so sour.
Toilet 19.
Hot and humid 8.
Pleasant 7.
Tropical Paradise 6.
Absolutely.
And Bush League 5 out of the first 84 votes.
Come on.
We can be a little more negative, positive than that.
W.C.A.M.
Hello.
Oh, you're following me.
5.670560.560 on a AT&T.
They were frantically we're going to be for what I didn't want them to be enough that I'm
looking for a few more editions.
Or not as the case may be.
Let's look at these people.
Okay.
5.670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
W.C.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm in favor of pirate radio.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, because everybody's airways.
Not just these millionaires that own a license.
There's a way to do it where you can get it.
Well, that's the way to do it.
Well, if you let me talk, you fat ass, I could tell you.
Yeah.
Ah, you're an ass.
What?
You were letting them talk?
I'm all ass.
Just ask him.
He'll tell you.
Just ask him.
Just ask him.
FBQAM, hello.
It's Neil.
Yes, sir.
I guess I can see the children coming to the major surprise that Miami-Dade in Brewer
County lead to the nation's pirate radio stage.
No, we leading everything else as illegal and bad and grotesque.
Yeah, and it's been a good day.
Every other megacoreic category we're right up here.
We're out on top or bubbling under.
Well, it's been a bad and there's nothing else to listen to.
But I wanted to ask you, I know you're down here in South Florida.
Just to mention, you ask you.
Do you have special protection when you're here?
I feel a little worried if I were you.
Protection for what?
Well, I mean, you never know with some of these people that are in power these days.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they're here.
If I had that paranoid, I would just disappear.
You know what I mean?
I'm not one of those paranoid, silly, spineless people.
Well, we worry about you.
Don't worry.
Okay.
Don't worry, be happy.
Okay, Kanda.
Let's see.
Noon to one.
This is Miguel.
Are there any commercials in here?
Oh, boy.
And Noon to one.
The ban will be at the current.
What is that?
Crexent?
Crexent.
It says here.
C-R-E-X-E-N-T.
Right.
That's one of those commercial get it.
It's a little play on words.
So in other words, it's spelled correctly.
And they call it Crexent.
Ah.
Noon to one.
The ban will be at the Crexent business offices that's X-rated.
Located at 2881 East Oakland Park.
Vulabar registered in a free office space for here.
Enjoy free food from a lighting city.
So these subs, some good childhood change from our good buddy, Ira.
Specialty now that Scott's ass is out of there.
That's slime ball.
Six to eight tonight, Goldie will be at the loss, Los Olis quarter deck.
Stopped by for Amsterdam like specials.
And they'll tell you what a jackass is.
And always tomorrow George will be tended to know that the bass pro outlet located off
Griffin Road in I and I.
Ninety five.
And boy, he really loves it there.
And then from two to four, George again will be afford a pompato located one thousand
North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach.
So busy day for George tomorrow and go by didn't even say you have anything.
Good.
That's all.
To the world.
Marlon tickets.
I'll have something.
No, Marlon ticket.
Well, have some.
Swill.
No spin in the wheel.
I'll have the wheel and some crap.
No power radio station.
Goldie, who would I want to see that crap?
Who would I want to see you?
WNKM line nine.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I do not want you to be worried about the election in November.
Okay, good.
I want WNKM.
Not there.
WNKM.
560, 705, 60 pound, 560 on a AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
WNKM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Well, power radio.
You know, I love it.
You can play the music.
That's a sense.
All the power radio people ought to be in jail.
Well, if you don't want to listen to it, you have to do a change in that.
No, it's not a question of listening to a man.
There are laws.
Okay, you're just one of those professional lawbreakers.
Okay, is what you are.
He's just a S-bag.
I almost said it.
A duty bag.
Terrible.
See, when you're in the industry, then you realize what about your losers?
These people are.
People who just make up their rules as they go along.
Well, we're going to put on our own radio station.
We're going to, well, guess what?
You're not.
See, in the olden days, which is why you back in the day.
Yeah.
Everybody did whatever they wanted.
And everybody, like you tuned into a station and hear three other stations on the same frequency.
Right.
Exactly.
Battling it out.
Not only that, but the people in the business is bad as most of them are.
They pay an enormous amount of money.
And the people in the industry are working their asses off to try to make a living.
And then, oh, we're just going to put something on here.
Because we've got a transmitter over here.
And we're going to do our own thing.
Well, guess what?
Screw off.
Right.
And the people with money.
Take your power radio and jam it.
Oh, we've got regulation here.
I said jam it.
Jam it.
Yeah.
Right.
I got it.
Jam on it.
The people with money before regulation were able to buy up how as many frequencies as they wanted.
Oh, kind of like that.
Right.
And then nobody had a chance.
Let's see.
Here's another suggestion for the poll.
It's about time.
Total embarrassment.
Got it.
Got it.
Total embarrassment.
Now, we're pretty embarrassed.
Although it takes an awful lot these days after all we've been through.
Takes a lot to embarrass us.
60 cents of an anti-republic.
28 cents of a toilet.
Hot and human 16.
Tropical Paradise 12.
Closin 10.
Bush Lake 7 of the first 133 votes.
19 before 11 yesterday.
I'm going to tell you what day was it Wednesday.
I went to Hollywood Diagnostic Center.
One of the most interesting, amazing experiences I've ever had.
And I've had many.
Because the test that I took, I took the full body scan.
And then also the heart scan.
I didn't do the virtual colonoscopy because I had a regular colonoscopy about three years ago.
And they suggested it be five.
But they do it all.
And of course nobody wants to think about horrible diseases and things.
But we're all vulnerable.
I mean nobody sits around says I wonder if I have cancer.
I wonder if I have a heart disease.
But you really can find out for yourself.
And if all things are go, all systems are good.
Then you have peace of mind like you wouldn't believe.
You walk out of there with a big smile on your puts.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
coronary heart scoring, and full body screening exams that can detect cancer
other life threatening diseases in the early stages before it's too late.
And you don't even need a doctor's referral to be there.
For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600
for the test that can give you and your family an amazing piece of my.
They got all the latest equipment.
The people that really know their stuff in seminar, they treat you great.
And you're in there and out there in just a matter of minutes.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you a state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI,
high speed CAT scans, doofyermencin, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving in the community for over 20 years.
They're just west of the circle of Hollywood and Hollywood Boulevard.
Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you too if you need them.
So we're really mean to this.
So if you're one of those people who's maybe got a history of cancer, heart disease in the family,
if you got some of the risk factors, you really want to find out where you stand.
Please do yourself a big favor because if you do have something going on in your system,
you can catch it while there's still time.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, give them a call for your imaging exams today called 954-996-3600.
And please tell them that Neil told you to call.
That's 954-966-3600.
I am the call.
I'm here support radio five six years.
You're a view.
I am.
I am.
Well, I'm sure there's some disappointed people here.
You know what?
You know something?
If you had told us in Iowa that we'd get our butt sand into us in New Hampshire too,
we would have started drowning our sorrows immediately.
And you know something?
You know something?
Not only are we going to start drinking beer in our campaign headquarters here, Tom Harkin.
We're going to get drunk on Martinez and old patients and genoclomics and margaritas and all that nice teas.
And we're going to drink the gelos and say, Daniels, we're going to get a burger and we're going to get a spurt on.
The big baddest, you know, you got jack and son of a cumber.
And then we're going to go down to Washington DC.
That's the roll up out of the wire house.
It's 1047.
Let me have a good poll and say, which one do you like better?
Or I like both a lot.
Yeah.
Here's one for the poll.
An out-of-body experience?
No, I don't know.
What does that mean?
I've got two.
One that's on his page and one that's not.
Unfortunately, the one that's on his page, I appreciate your efforts but we already have this story from TomPay.com.
Clicking the election on our first needy's website in your Rogers.com.
Intention is very good.
But we always have good idea to check the website to see if we've already had this story.
Thanks.
Outdoor nursing home.
How could I have forgotten that?
And that inspires me to add outdoor funeral power.
Right?
Okay.
Similar.
No.
The nursing home and funeral power?
I know there are different places but don't mean the same thing.
Put him both on there, please.
Don't argue with the king, okay?
Or the queen?
567-0560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Shannon Elizabeth.
A magnificent picture behind a bean and curtain today if you're over the age of 75 and even Vibeau wouldn't help.
WQA, I'm hello.
Mia with God's Waiting Room.
God's Waiting Room is good.
Thank you, sir.
Let's put that under, too.
That sits one of everybody's favorites.
God's Waiting Room.
That's going to get a lot of votes.
We'll do this till noon.
And then we'll do the presidential thing that we haven't done in a long time.
Just for kicks.
I'm Route 66.
It's God's Waiting Room.
Too many old farts here, man.
Too many miserable, crusty, nasty old farts.
Like the ones that were picking up my good friend Toby at Poppano Park last Saturday when everything was.
You maniacs, you losers.
You, oh, they're just insufferable as what they are.
Gonna make you into a superstar, Toby.
And now they will treat you with respect.
Just like in the Godfather, remember that?
That's right.
Now they'll treat you with respect when you have powerful friends like me.
Banana Republic 76.
Which of these words are phrases best described South Florida?
Toilet 35.
That's bad.
Toilet?
Hot in human 23.
Tropical Paradise 17.
Pleasant 12.
Bush League 9.
Total embarrassment 3.
We're adding them other ones on there momentarily.
Did they pop up on Newersia?
Yes.
Well, I guess they did because you're typing them on there.
Right.
Is that how it works?
Something like that.
I see.
Well, let's see if these other ones got any of it.
Not yet.
After nursing homes got one.
God's Waiting Room and after a funeral parlor.
Trust me, we'll move up the list fast.
Ignore mistake about it.
WQA, hello.
Hey, I'm Gorni and I'm here.
Yes, sir.
Happy Friday, Palli.
Happy Friday to you.
Where'd you get that bit that you just played with the guy naming all the liquors?
I was hilarious.
Right, again.
Just to my left here.
I'll clean that feed off to my left.
Hey, Miami is just a sham capital, my friends.
All these Lithinas that come here and marry these green goes for their papers.
Right.
Papers.
Yeah, for their immigration papers.
Can't be so happy with stuff unless you got good papers, man.
There you go.
They get easy.
They like to die.
Okay.
How's the ponytail come over my yogurt on his way?
Rise me back in the day and I would remember those days when he read my Sumyang guy.
I mean, a soup.
That's what it was called.
Sumyang guy.
Right.
From that Thai restaurant across the street.
That was real spicy and hot and delicious.
It was probably like a boiled half of my gutsa.
I think your sinus is on.
Here's a fact from listener George.
Remember him?
Sure.
Good morning, Neil.
In George, Belize is beautiful and the people are friendly.
Score that two for Belize and...
Oh!
For Miami, as what he says.
I went through the 80s to teach English to high school children.
The people went out of their way to make me feel like William Shakespeare.
My first lesson was my name is George and I'm then to do the same.
Maybe they're all named George now in Belize because of him.
What big thing is easy?
In the late 80s, Belize officially disbanded their military army and instead built an army
of teachers.
That's the truth and that's the government policy of this day.
There wasn't one night in Belize that somebody didn't invite me for dinner or drinks
at their house at a local restaurant.
Last time that happened in Florida was never.
They don't like you George.
No, you don't have all the comforts of home and yes, there's poverty and people selling
their wares on the sides of the roads like in highly and without the attitude.
That's great.
Like highly without the attitude.
Great line, George.
I like truck strip.
Truck what?
I know.
It's in here.
Truck.
Seam.
If you want to find an exotic place, if you want to hear birds that sing, if you want to
find people who sing, then go out of their way to be friendly, then Belize is a good place
in the world.
A good place in the world is what it says.
We didn't go to Belize to judge people, the opportunities, the level of education or
property, their ambitions, their openness or their gratitude.
We went there to learn from people, mission accomplished is what Los New Jersey said.
I like that he likes it.
The other guy hated it.
I'll go and ease it when I sing.
The strokes for different folks.
I think young McCain's wife said, but that's bad.
That was terrible.
What?
That was a shot.
That was a shot.
Well, it's a Bush-Chainy Rumsfeld power in Condoleezza.
It's got a look at that.
Train monkeys.
That's cute.
Kind of a spin on our smirking chimps.
Why do I never heard any more from that guy?
It's smirkingchimp.com.
I said in the 500-Buck donation that they were desperate for needed.
I told him to check out our website and he must not like it.
Maybe he's got no sense of humor.
Or maybe he liked it and just don't have no time.
I love the smirkingchimp.com.
It's a great way to do this.
They're going to be all like us or not.
That's not why I sent them money.
Here's the train monkeys again just in case I missed it the first time.
Wow.
Are these people something or what?
Too bad we can't see it.
They are.
They are definitely that.
It's 5-6.
So what we got coming up today.
We got the mad dog at two.
We got a pretty Epistine schedule till ballgame time.
You got the Hebrew hammer.
Expo is not allowed to be talking about Israel, thank God.
Marlins are addicted.
Marlins are eight and one now.
Man, they're off to a three shutouts in a row in San Juan to beat the weakling expos.
But nevertheless, forget who they're playing.
That's right.
They are even I'm impressed.
I don't care.
I refuse to care about baseball.
I give it up for circus.
But it's just amazing how good they are.
They're a juggernaut.
They are.
I kept it if they want to put the money out.
They ought to build a great new stadium right next to the P.B. Park at Domestating.
They should put the money out though.
Right.
And let them build it.
And then they will come.
Now make a fortune.
The Hebrew hammer is for Marlins on Deck 7.
735 to Marlins at the Braves which they own the Braves.
So they should sweep that serious.
Even the Big Braves fan mode this morning said that they're probably skipping the Braves
are really falling on hard times.
And then we got the Florida State Seminole's and the Miami Hurricane baseball on 790 Waxi
at 7 if you prefer that instead, which I can't imagine why.
Eddie K. after all that, Mr. God's.
So we got a full plate of stuff.
Bruce Yeirok sent me a fact quite a while ago and they had this got to be out there.
But I guess screaming Carlos hasn't buzzed or crawled right there.
It says he's delivering a new copy of G-Hod Rock today because I heard you haven't trouble finding it.
Also a copy of their new song, Cache N' Non Jesus.
A satire of Mel Gibson's The Passion.
And he says in Italy, both of these with the receptionist copy should be your Orpheus by 1015.
It's now 1054.
Well, I can take a walk during the break.
So evidently.
And then here's a very bizarre facts from Dave who says Carter, who won the Nobel Prize,
not like Jimmy Carter, maybe means Nell Carter.
Orpheus Carter.
Joe Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002.
Also blame what he called Bush's pro-Israel policies for engendering animosity against America.
And you are absolutely correct.
Of course.
Everything that this wanted that we have in there right now is doing is pissing off 95 percent of the people in the world.
Yeah.
It said people like my old friend who was in the house yesterday telling me about it's good for Israel.
I mean, seriously.
But that goes to show you when your blood sugar was 900.
Oh, yeah.
And you fertilizer 25,000.
It's hard to think straight, you know.
Because all that you got that oil clog up there in your brain, where you get gay instead.
I'm bigger part.
No, he's not the gay.
No, he said it's hard for him.
Well, he's not thinking gay either.
I am.
56670560.
Here's the line one is a...
I can't imagine anybody be honored.
QA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How does the blind person know when they're one wife?
What's the name of that blind person?
WQA, hello.
They don't.
QA, I am.
Yeah, I want to ask you about that call of an ostomy test that you had.
Yeah, what is it?
Whatever they call it because I have a problem and I was going to go.
Yeah.
Is it really good?
It's great.
Go check it out because you sound like a real...
...hold on me.
Yeah, go, hold on me.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a question for your poll.
You get a poll about how bad Miami got it, whatever.
Everybody lives in those sucks.
But what about a poll for the people that want to get out of Miami?
What city would be the best to move to?
We've done that a million times.
Where do you want to go?
I don't know.
Where's the good opportunity?
Where's the good money?
You know, Vegas or something?
No, no.
No, no.
Parine's not too bad.
All right.
Give it a good check it out.
In fact, we talked about the leaves today.
Maybe we're going to have some people faxing us an information about p-rime.
Or like naranges not too bad.
South Miami heights.
In fact, in a naranjian, pick your own spot.
Or just pick your own produce.
10.56 at 5.62 am.
Rime and look all.
This is 4.30.0.5.6.
You ain't.
Friday, you bastard.
Jesus, my style gets in here.
Have you read my script yet?
Well, you want to whip me the son of God.
What's with you, schmuck?
And that crazy church involved with it.
But then that Michigan and father of yours.
You want to bring this all up again.
Do it all up and where are you?
I'm in the desert with a long time ago.
A virgin named Mary and a dude named Joe.
They made a slick producer.
Got himself now.
Been a necklace on a star.
And he sure is gonna sell.
He'll be catching him on Jesus.
I want my own trouble.
It's a passion gravy beat us.
They'll love to come and play.
They'll stay in an empty room.
Don't forget my personal craters.
They'll seize the devil and with crowd food.
Choose season centers all around them.
Then he's spreading the news.
And that's why he's dead.
It's up to Nazi's work, man.
And the suckers by the tickets.
No idea living hell, no indication of Jesus.
He's got a lot of money.
It's a passion gravy.
He's got a silver and a green shirt.
He'll love to come and play.
He'll love to come and play.
They'll stay in an empty room.
He's a pressure man.
You can pray if you want to.
I'll put your lips down on your hands.
If your friends don't pray, no gifts, no slaves.
They're making food a promise.
And that would be a big fix.
You can say what you want to.
Because the church now rules on land.
What if you're built for me?
So your friends just say what the told you say.
What they're leading them away like a clown.
And rob them.
Let the people know what's more blood and more bread.
And see that more feeling of pain.
Hey Jesus, they're picking on me.
Those godless Hollywood secular Jews and men will fail.
Look, you missed my real message.
Forget that shit, Ernst, stop evil, sin and punishment.
Try to cheat your loved ones.
Compassion you didn't learn as that.
Hot.
Nails knew high-tech passion praise.
Same crazy story, but I've got to trade.
2000 years later, he's sublime in the tomb.
While he's making thousands of money.
And the crucifixion blew now his cash in with her Jesus.
Pray to the Lord, O thank the Lord, and give up the strong exam with.
Try to study the strength and the darkness of the world.
Which is a very horrible curse.
Now, you're firing me.
Listen to Mr. Holendem.
I'll tell you a story covered by your friends.
I'm telling you one, coming from a godfnick.
Tagging me, just like you, is a great thing.
Coming in 2005, Mell's next divine inspiration.
George Mell rewrite history again.
John the disciple, getting eaten by a liar, is the curious hour.
He's a lots of blood and heavenly spiritual affairs.
Here's a ponytail again, Jeff Cohen from the pizza lot and baby.
Looking for more free plugs.
So yesterday when he left here, he went to Tootsies.
I better not say that.
I can say, I just did say it.
Swipe down the road.
And then after that, he went and did some other stuff.
Like I'd all lift up at Tootsies.
You know, took care of business.
Yeah, what you did.
So here's my, don't sit down there again.
Because if you think you're going to want to talk again today, you're dreaming, man.
You think he's going to like pour the sugar for the second day in order, just because he brought us some yogurt.
We appreciate it very, very much.
Man.
What is that?
Didn't bring me anything?
Oh, George, take a look at this.
Take a look at the amount of water.
You got a waste basket.
Wow.
That makes it a little bit unappetizing.
Not that it's appetizing anyway.
Playing over.
Hmm.
Sorry.
What up?
What up, bags?
And he said, what is there?
Where did you get that?
Corbief and Swiss.
He's eating a corbief and Swiss on what?
It's right.
On rye.
Posted no less, which makes me even all that much better.
I don't want it.
I can't eat it.
I'm too fed for you.
560560, pound 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Lime.
Stuttering.
Oh, it's big in the Jesus.
See, it threw me off a little bit.
Thanks to Bruce A. Rock, there was that thing.
It was a cash in on Jesus.
I give it on a scale of 10, about 3.5.
It's not up to his usual quality.
I don't want to hurt his feelings, so he's a great good guy.
And the G-HOD rock stuff was outstanding.
I give that stuff like a past 10.
It was so good.
What would you give it to?
About two stars?
That last one?
Yeah.
I'll scale 45.
Yeah, not as best work.
Not as best work.
But it's time.
And especially, Tony, because Italian scientists about a matching image of a man's face and
possibly his hands on the back of the shroud of ruin believed by many to be the burial
cloth of Jesus, the burial cloth of Jesus Christ, one of the researchers said yesterday.
How do you like that?
The Emancipalist Schmata, the discovery of the ghostly image on the back of the linen
cloth, matches the face that adorns the front as likely to re-ignact a bit of whether the
shroud is genuine or a skillful medieval fraud.
First of all, I got news for you.
Look at that picture.
If that's what Jesus looked like, I'd stick with Bill Giff.
It looks just like the picture.
Or the guy that played him in the movie.
Let me tell you right now it is as it was.
That's what that old G-HOD popes in.
He didn't even say that.
They just made that up.
I mean, you talk about the publicating sucked in with a marketing.
This male Gibson thing as much as I despise him, you've got to hand it to him.
This is one of the greatest pieces of marketing, spread in history.
Even dragon out his old Getschee father there, that anti-Semite would all have said that
a Holocaust revisionist crap, everything that they did was geared to make it into big bucks.
And that's what they did, brilliant.
And the suckers were running around, oh my god, it was so emotional.
I'm all out about it.
Jesus Christ, the fact that the image is too side that makes any forgery difficult,
present, Julio Fanty of the University of Padawa told Reuters.
The findings of Fanty and Roberto Magiolo, both from the University's Department of Mechanical Engineering,
were published this week by a journal of the Institute of Physics in London.
I think maybe he needs to take a good physical, be good.
But we can't say that.
He needs a good burium animal.
Fanty said that the scurry would support those who maintain the cloth is genuine right.
They shroud a lot of Christianity's most sacred but disputed relics as a piece of linen,
some 14 feet long and three feet seven inches wide.
And it goes on about six hundred years the day it's more fairy tales for the people minded.
For people who are looking for some anything shred of evidence that all these ridiculous stories really exist.
Shoud of evidence.
Stuttering Gil says,
My girlfriend, Erica calls our part of town, Beenerville,
she wants out so what part of the world would you recommend?
I would say any part beside this one or Belize, right?
Right, or Iraq, probably not too good.
I've got what?
Go to East LA.
Costa Rica would be good, Gil.
That's what Jeff Cohen says, Costa Rica said is even better than Tutsi's.
It's a beautiful place.
You take a look around there and you'll say Jesus Christ.
Which of these words are phrases best described, soft Florida?
That's our first poll today, 275 votes.
But Anna Republican 119, toilet, 41,
tropical paradise, 34,
cotton humid,
Dr. Dmit.
Bushley, 16, pleasant 16,
total embarrassment nine,
God's waiting room seven.
Boy, outdoor nursing home four.
Boy, outdoor funeral parlour.
Boy, two.
How you like that?
Not too positive, I guess.
And then keep in mind,
these votes are coming, most of them from people who are still here, who haven't bailed out yet.
Have you noticed a big drop off in business like after Easter in the Pesa?
Yeah, a little bit.
So be sure to go to the pizza lot and maybe and buy like extra stuff when you go there.
Staying in one pizza get two.
Staying in one design and getting about five.
Because we got to make up not only for the people who bailed out,
but for one family that did not bail out.
The rumors.
Cutting into profits big time.
That's a lot.
Five, oh and let me also correct one of the thing because, you know,
we got a bunch of idiots around here as we already know Miguel, who, you know,
he looks pretty but other than that, just, uh, dummy up.
From noon till one, the QAM van will be at the Crescent business.
And we're going to come up with Crescent.
Because it's possible to be so ignorant.
No, no speeding glaze back there will be at the Crescent business offices at 2081 East Oakland Park Boulevard.
You can register when you're free office space for a year and free food from Atlantic City Sub's where I were mixed the difference.
Where did you say about that?
That sandwich.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
go get signs from you have speakers
right with Jesus before we give you the big door.
Oh, my God, have mercy on your teeth and skulls.
Oh, my God.
At home with Yanuki.
1118, I think we got to get right with Jesus is what our problem is on the show.
I'm right.
Don't you think?
I'm up right with Jesus.
I'm not going to get right with Jesus because he is risen.
I knew he was there.
All these different cuts on his disc.
Did you know that?
No what?
Well, this is he's got this is a brand new with disc because I thought it was playing
G-Hod Rock but that's coming up a momentarily.
How do you like that?
Thanks a lot Bruce.
You're the best baby all the way like I said the new.
But it can't all be great.
Nothing can.
It's okay.
I give it like I said about one and a half stars on a scale of it's long.
It's long.
It's nice and long.
It kills about three minutes and some.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T line.
Refresh from a semester as a visiting professor at Harvard former pro wrestler and minister
governor Jesse Venturi who is on TV this morning.
Says he's considering a run for the White House in 2008.
Though he acknowledges being leader of the free world might be too confining for him.
Everywhere I go and Boston people tell me run Jesse run they say the country needs you.
What would hold me back would be my family the brutality the campaign the ruthlessness
of the Democrats and Republicans if it looks like I might win is no telling what they
would do.
They're very desperate people when it comes to third parties.
See what his biggest problem is he says is haircut.
Beside the haircut his atheism.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See what they would do is drag up the tapes of all of those shirts or talk about religion
is like the opium of the masses and all of their kind of crap.
He'd have to lie.
Well what I really meant was there's said no what I really meant.
I didn't mean to say that because the fundamentals all the God squad the Jesus Christ is the orthodox
the Yidd law the God it was in my house yesterday talking about Israel they would be very upset
with that.
Yeah we have heard about the old carb that was very funny yesterday when we got it the
first time now and now it's like on a chain letter.
Hmm.
You know how to say it all the way to I know.
Faxing it emailing to everybody else.
Very cute the first time like I said now it's really terminally boring like most of our
calls 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello.
Now.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I know if you had brought this up but you happen to see the front line piece last night.
I did not.
George saw it.
It was great the great John O'Neill one of the true right guy has a thumb on it so to
speak.
A real patriot a real match.
Yeah the guy that and then all of a sudden he gets shuffled around because he not
in and would Louis free.
All right.
The Louis free ought to be on death row by the way I'm going to take it out right now.
You talk about incompetent he gives it new meaning.
Yeah it was a great it was everybody should be viewing to see what really.
But they didn't but they didn't and they won't but you can see it by going to pbs.org
you can see the full 90 minute right yes.
It was great and the guy we get pushed out of a job where he should have been director
of the FBI but you know you're not in good with the Neal cons in your house so.
And the Neal cons got so lucky because he just happened to be in the world trade set
around the 9 11.
Yeah well that won't see him no more.
No.
Anyway great John O'Neill.
Thanks Valley.
I didn't see it and it sounds off of her mirror was it a repeat yes I saw it slightly
updated and re edited seen it outstanding piece although I was still say that what's
the name of the show I've always planned on CBC they have a show called.
Oh it's in a clock at night.
I can't think of it but anyway it's the same kind of thing only showed like every night
they got the different story yeah on the CBC on the CBC a.
They can get the CBC do you.
On your right when you're.
I'm not ambitious whole cable and shred now what's this is a command on the military
her flasher.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty but if you watch it it'll be good for
Israel.
How many QN hello.
Hello Neal.
Yes sir.
Hey.
Let me call that talk show before but I think I have to say this in front of an audience
and you my opportunity.
Go right ahead sir.
Speed this is your moment in the sunshine.
My 15 minutes of fame.
Yes you're 15 seconds of fame and they're going very fast by the way so speak up please.
Well DW DW's what dream has always been take sat on out of out of a place and take over
Iraq.
All of a sudden we have a piece of intelligence telling us and wanting us that we're
going to be attacked by terrorists and nothing happens.
Wow and that gives us what a bunch of their people and an excuse to going to Iraq.
Well let me ask you something I mean go are you going to be voting in November.
Can't vote.
Illegal.
Not illegal alien just got off the boat.
No I don't think I'm going to see this in the can't vote.
Who?
You.
I can't vote of course.
Why not.
Oh no no I'm saying I can't.
Oh you can.
Why are you going to be voting?
Yes I am.
For whom will you cast your votes sir.
Whoever is the Democrat.
And now we're talking this is the greatest color this are.
Hey uh Saddam and I mean uh uh Vin.
Vin Latin and Osama Vin Latin and GW Bush have you seen him together.
Excellent point and by Dick Cheney and Osama they're both as hiding that's what they
have in common.
Have a nice go to me go.
Well thanks.
How do you like that?
I just sort of notice it.
They're trying to confirm if it's Cheney.
Yeah.
We'll see him very often between now and November.
First of those gay rights meetings, first daughter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five for his bull-like daughter.
And of course, those lesbian novels that his wife wrote
Lynn back in the early 80s as well.
That was in a different time and he was singing a different tune.
Any idea?
By the way, the Monday that he's making still
because he's on a payroll with Halliburton, he's still making more money
from them than he is as VP.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Not that he's got any conflict of interest.
Lies, liberal lies.
Right.
Always speaking of that.
See how all of this fits together?
Where is it?
I got some pretty interesting stuff here.
What did I do with it though?
That's the only problem.
It's about Air America.
Zined America, Air America.
Our America?
Here it is.
Air America, we stored in Chicago.
Oh, right.
I like that.
Where are we?
In a rapid reversal of fortunes, Air America radio won a temporary
restraining order yesterday requiring the order
of a Chicago affiliate to restore the fledgling liberal talk
radio and liberal broadcast.
One day after it was thrown off the year in Los Angeles and Chicago,
we've just run round one said Evan Cohen, a
America's chairman, Arthur Liu received a clear message.
Tempered tantrums are not the way to conduct business.
Cohen said that work expects to resume broadcasting.
Well, they already are on WNTV in Chicago today.
Liu, whose multicultural radio broadcasting in
owns Air America's Chicago and L.A.
stations, pulled the network off the air in both markets Wednesday
and changed the locks on the doors.
He told the Chicago Tribune that Air America advanced the
payment trick and owed multicultural more than a million
dollars, but New York states at Pring Court Judge
Marilyn G. Diamond found yesterday that Air America had
fully paid for airtime in Chicago in order multi-cultural
to begin broadcasting Air America's program again.
Unlike the lies that you read yesterday and the day before
on the Fudge Report, which you read every day, lies and
distortions of BS, then this Fudge just makes up as she goes
along and gets piped in by the bat line.
Oh, it's the bat line as Fudge better answer it.
It's probably Richard Mullen's escape.
Air America, however, remains off the Air-Law
Sanjulis, where it had been broadcast on multi-culturals
KBLA 1580 on AMD.
A person answering the phone through the multicultural
said the company had no comment.
Well, we already been through this other double-dipping
stuff and Yaddi, but a moop, but a moop.
No matter how the dispute has resolved it seems unlikely
that Air America will continue to broadcast on multi-cultural
stations, the public relations battle became personal
very quickly Wednesday, with Louis Cusin, the network of insolvency
and Cohen calling Louis disgraceful and unprofessional.
Is this a relationship we want to continue?
Cohen asked over the next couple of days
we're both going to be doing a lot of thinking.
Cohen said he's exploring other broadcast options of the
partner who's more responsible and mature.
So they're off to a really rocky start that Air America.
In fact, you know, other than Randy, what's the point?
Right? Right.
Oh, but they have Al Franken and they've seen
a grapholo in all the air.
And how many broadcasts do they got on a station
other than Randy?
Other than her, they got none.
They got, you know, a couple of board ops around the
country sitting inside of an empty room when it's piped in
from New York and that's the deal.
They know nothing about this business.
It'll be the biggest egg man, even the people at
Denny's in the kitchen never saw an egg that big.
What? I'm telling you right now!
I know. Even the people saw that ostrich meat
never saw eggs like that.
Or some of those people out there in a Chinese place.
Well, I don't want to get into that.
Okay, it's a very touchy thing, all right?
Well, then touch it.
We want to be a little more civile about the old-year.
Wait, which of these words are phrases?
Vesta scribes South Florida.
Banana Republic 153.
Toilet 45.
Tropical Paradise 44.
I'm listening.
I haven't gotten to him yet.
Hot in human 35.
Bush League 20.
Pleasant 20.
Total embarrassment 14.
God's waiting room 11.
Outdoor funeral parlour 6.
And out there nursing home 6.
Out of the first 354.
Not too positive.
And again, I'm not the one casting these votes for my
little Julio friend with his state call before.
I'm not the one making the votes.
All these other people are.
If you take tropical paradise and pleasant and put them together,
you got 12.4.
You got 18%.
18%.
18%.
Which means 82% got some real negativity to say.
Right?
Oh, what?
What would that be?
Are they just doing it to please me?
That must be it.
They're trying to suck up to me.
That's all.
Or they'd just be honest.
Right.
Oh yeah, exactly.
It's their whole altitude.
They're just nasty, miserable.
That's because they've been here too long.
That's why I stay in.
A very short time, you know,
a few days here, and that's it.
Before it starts to really sink it in.
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs
let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your
business?
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services,
and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can
cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing two day for a fee evaluation.
Call 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747, with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing
understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful
management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while
leaving the operational details of the folks at Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation
column at that toll free number.
1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Party is great, we will bring great students to these all our hospitals.
Pay Mr.000 and give me 10 lottery.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
They missed a salad and give it then loud and it's insane how we've done it's wrong
We ask you to prepare for all your war of big G-H-E-R
Going to G-H-E-R don't feel it coming in from everything but there is states
Cow bully and mini-rocky run I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb in Iraq
Raise all the lives of Iraq, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R rock She I too said to a mask for
Get the boys ready for a holy war, but that too says to martyrs three
Come on and give some women and cheer it with me, let's rock her
Raise all the lives of Iraq, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R rock Been my denied incoming out of his gaze
Taliban monkey step the rant and raise Black male women taking in the crowd
But bodies only know ladies and loud and let's rock
Raise all the lives of Iraq, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R rock
Week 1, I'm at Toronto CNN, let's make this to American proof position
I'll make what's been letting videos PMVC for Gordon Messager next mission in America
Going to the G-H-R don't be late, coming in from every single terrorist state
Go for a M-M-M-E-R-G-R
I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb in Iraq, so
Raise all the lives of Iraq, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R rock She I too said to a mask for
Get the boys ready for a holy war
But God do set the marked dreams
Come on and kiss the women and children with me that rock
Raise all the lives of Iraq, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R rock, give my beard and my long white spot
I'll go into the G-H-R
Bring Black men to the G-H-R
Give me a precious wine, give them one
And close down forever, I don't know what you're making good
That's the best part of our group
Oh, well it's the second best part, the first part is their great
And the second part is their nice and long
And they go on, and on, and on
You know who I forgot to talk about at length?
Our provoking
Yeah, but there's no point
I'm just gonna leave, let's sleep in dogs, sleep in Muscrats lie
And there's no point, I just take back what I've said yesterday
There's no redeeming value there, people in the building have brought me
I've seen the light, okay?
I've repented, I made a bad mistake yesterday, the old soft side of me just was coming back again
But I've hardened up against sufficiently, not a lot
Can't say that
5-6705-16, now listen, Booker ledger secreted at war, Iraq war plan
President Bush secretly ordered a war plan drawn up against Iraq less than two months after US forces attacked Afghanistan
And with so worried the decision would cause a fewer
He didn't tell everyone on his national security team says that new book on his Iraq policy
Bush feared that if news got out about your back plan as US forces were fighting another conflict
People would think he was too eager for war, journalist Bob Woodward writes in plan of attack
A behind the scenes account of the 60 months leading up to the Iraq invasion
The AP obtained a copy of the book which would be available in bookstores next week
There's another book I gotta get and read
How many books I got piled up to read?
God, Woodward says Bush pulled defense secretary of the Dama Rumsfeld aside in November 21, 2001
When US forces and allies were in control of about half of Afghanistan and asked him what kind of a war plan he had on Iraq
When Rumsfeld said it was outdated, Bush told him to get started on a fresh one
The book says Bush told Rumsfeld to keep quiet about it
And when the defense secretary asked to bring CIA director George Tenet into the planning at some point
The president said not to do so yet
Even Bush's national security adviser, Khandeliza, was apparently not fully briefed
Woodward said Bush told her that morning it was having Rumsfeld work on Iraq but didn't give her no details
How do you like that? I bet she's spitting blood through those teeth now
Really pissed off and fired up old Khandeliza
They kept her in the dark
What's that? Not too dark
Medium dark? Certainly not like OJ
And?
Retired Marine General Anthony Zinni wondered a lot yesterday
Did you see any of the Rumsfeld Brambler yesterday about how aware of it?
No
This is the first time they ever admitted anything
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Those are the highlights
How he couldn't imagine they never anticipated this many deaths and they were all the other crap he was spuing
And the flowers in the candy?
Right
Retired Marine General Anthony Zinni wondered a lot yesterday how defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld could be caught off guard
By the chaos in Iraq that's killed nearly 100 American troops in recent weeks and later was announced
That 20,000 US troops would be staying there instead of returning home as planned
I'm surprised that he is surprised because there were a lot of us who were telling him that there was going to be thus
Said Zinni, a Marine for 39 years and the former commander of the US Central Command
Anyone could know the problems that we're going to see how could they not
And a Pentagon news briefing yesterday Rumsfeld said he couldn't have estimated how many troops would be killed in the past week
Zinni made his comments during an interview with a San Diego union tribune
Before giving a speech lies that the University of San Diego's Joan B. Croc Institute for Peace and Justice
For a year Zinni said he cautioned US officials that in Iraq without Saddam Hussein would likely be more dangerous to US interests than one without him because of the ethnic and religious clashes that would be unleashed
I think that some heads should roll over Raksim he said I think the President got some bad advice
Known as the warrior diplomat Zinni is not a peace activist by nature or training
Having led troops in Vietnam, commanded rescue operations in Somalia and directed strikes against Iraq and Al Qaeda
He once commanded the 4th Marine Expeditionary Force of Camp Pendleton
Out of uniforms, he was a troubleshooter for the US government in Africa, Asia and Europe
And served a special envoy to the Middle East under the Bush administration for a time before his reservations over the Iraq war
And it's aftermath, brought him to resign and oppose it
Not even Zinni's resume could shield him from the accusations that followed
I've been called a traitor and a turncoat for mentioning these things that Zinni sixty
The problems at Iraq are being caused by poor planning and short-sightedness such as disbanding the Iraqi army and being unable to provide security
Zinni said the US must now rely on the UN to pull its chestouts out of the fire in Iraq
We're betting on the UN who we blew off and ridiculed during the run up to the war zone
He said, now we're back with hat in hand, it would be funny if not for the lives lost
And on it goes, how do you like that? That's in the San Diego, whatever the state of the excellent line, San Diego Union interview
Yeah, there there are
See, and it's just that the list keeps piling up and piling up
And none of these people were anti-war activists, in fact Richard Clark, there's another one who's a hard-liner
None of these people were either liberals or any of those other things
But you're doing, and in this business, anybody tells me I'm really pissed off I didn't get into a fist fight
Would this guy, it was in my house yesterday, even though I liked him, he's a good guy, but he's full of crap
I mean he's somebody I could have knocked down with a donut, although he would have eaten it
It would have caught it, would it have done crispy creams
You know, you kiddin' me?
He'd have probably strangled me to get those crispy creams
And then it said, yeah, I really fed his tough
But this business about what's good for Israel, if you're so worried about what's good for Israel, I got a suggestion for you
Move there, there's all kinds of new settlements being built every day
Yes, with our money, kindos, our money, we're supporting you by CC, UAM
Because the cutest little erums you've ever seen, erofets, Abdullah, Jerusalem, and little Jericho, 102 Palestinians
This time, the wicked Porella Verac is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy, less-payed homes
It's one explosive situation after another, with all those Palestinians scrambling for cover
Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature 102 Palestinians, now showing in theaters everywhere
Oh, now that Paisal has over his it's too late to send a message to Ariel Girn, Coxa Hoyce
LUM43 at 560 WQA, and that's my message to him, okay, and by the way quit on the cheeseburgers, they're trache
They're shoveling them babies down, they're not good for Israel
Oh, guess what was that?
There were no available on MSNBC last night in between the hockey games, which have lots of about two minutes of it
Cheeseburgers, that phony, that doctor would assault each diet again
One that's got their recipes from all his favorite buddies in the restaurant on Zon Beach
They got a ripped off doctor Bob
Dr. Bob ought to still be alive, Pally, whoever you are, can't think what that guy's name is
A Bravenel is at it, I don't know, something like that, not a painting tension then
And they had what's his name on it too?
Oh, very serious
Okay, I was thinking they would have Brian's here on it, they certainly wouldn't put Jay's here on there
Not after his driving, oh man, what a show he put on this week
Come on Jay, who you can
But there was a Dr. Burst, he's from the zone diet
And the good news is our good friend Troy stopped delivering them sacks
I mean the food is delicious, Troy, I love you, it's great that pizza omelet actually did eat the, you know, but the problem is I don't need it
I'm only here one week
And they finally after three days of that insanity stunt, they got the message, you're fasting for your soul
Not fasting, I'm eating yogurt for my intestines, for my gut
There are very few things, and you're trying to tell me that it's good?
Not good, what?
It's like this show, it's tasteless, what, plain yogurt?
Yeah, I said most people don't like it, I don't mind it, that's what I said
I don't think it was good, I'm gonna eat it
I don't like it either, I think it's the problem, wait it
Just had some, thanks to Jeff Cohen, the pizza loft on university driving, David, you can go to the 595
You know, but it's not good, no, I'll stick fruit in it if I'm not
If there would have been some nice food on the bottom, and you shimmer it all up, some nice blueberries, load it with sugar
Sugar, oh listen, I got a warning again for all you pimple out there
I was in my publicia, then I didn't seem like I was a celebrity in there, I mean, now there are a lot of people that looked at me
You can tell when somebody's looking at you, oh yeah, when I stop in their tracks, now if you say hello, I have never ever
Now there have been times when somebody may have said something, I didn't hear it
There was a very nice lady in a parking lot, a young lady about maybe 30ish, how old was she?
About 30 man, and again I get out of my car and go into Puewich to mostly stack up on vitamins and stuff
Right?
And high-neil, very friendly, very nice, and I think some of these people are going out of their way to prove that there are a few of us who are nice people here
And there are a few, not too many, that's the problem, the ultimate minority
And like almost everybody in that store, I had the feeling I was like the center of attraction, which is why I moved real fast in another
But anyway, so I'm looking in the ice cream thing there, in the freezer cases, for maybe something new they might have that might be low carb
Okay? Okay
Well you know what I know, what we all go through, those of us fat slabs like me
And anyway, I'm seeing all, not just one or two brands now, but there must be a whole bunch of different brands that have these carb smart, carb wide
You know, right, because this is a big deal now, all of a sudden after Dr. Bob hit his head on the ground, croaked, now everybody finally caught on
Because we're desperate, but it's good for Israel to buy it though
The fact that he said that to me to my face, I'm like, oh I just, it makes me feel like if you're so concerned about what's good for Israel you need to be living there like by next sockets, okay?
Soon, get onto my face, but anyway
So I'm looking at the ingredients, because there was one that we looked pretty good, it looked fabulous
So it's a rocky road I think
Love rocky road, love rocky road, oh man
And I'm reading the ingredients and like the third ingredient is sorbitol, now back in the day when we play it, I be playing that sound right now
Imagine you're hearing the old sound, yeah, I just use that as a substitute
Just like sorbitol is a substitute for sugar and it's substitute for laxative
No, not good, that's yogurt
No, it's actually thoracic activity
Oh, it's the sound of pouring out a yogurt container
Was it, don't put it again, ah ah ah
God, so I'm just warning you, okay, read the labels because all of those, not just one or two, all of them are loaded with either maltatol or sorbitol
And if your stomach is a little bit on the sensitive side, plan on staying home a long time
We'll just think about the instant weight loss
Plan on staying very close to home for many, many, many hours
Not good, man
After you devours that, okay, five pounds an hour
Not as maybe, maybe that's the weight loss idea
Here's Bart and Stu, what he's signing up today is cute
Put him more, he says
Let's not forget that if Papa Bush had finished his job in 92
No innocent people were yesterday, we have to die right now, it's all about oil
Proxy and says, Bart, I'm sitting on, doing, thank you
Bucketbell
5670560, pound 566, the only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
Nobody QA him, hello
Hello, God
Yes sir
How are you sir?
Pretty good
Good, good, I grew up in North Miami 30 years ago
I could remember when...
How many years ago?
About 30, man
Yeah, exactly, I have two older brothers and two older sisters
And all five of us went through the same school system, North Miami Elementary School
Right
Imagine trying to get two of your kids through the one of them school systems right now
Oh boy
They'd be dead a minute, remember all the quiz, that's about three of them, my Gordon
Right
Joe Stone, I mean that's Joe Stone, but there are burritos and cuffers
Prince Hamlet
And exactly, all the places
New York State House
They're all dead, I'd like to go through the other places
New York State House
Yeah, exactly, the place used to be great, you knew everybody that owned them
You knew all the kids and the families of your neighbors
Right, now you really talked to one of your neighbors
Wolfies, the famous
Exactly
Heels restaurant on the road
Exactly, I don't mean God
What was that, I think it right now?
What was the attorney down there further way down the end
Oh, being out with the pee, pick it up, something like that, pick it up
How about the Italian restaurant, you should be about 125 street residents
Marys
Yeah, and Marys was great
Marys was great
It was great years ago
Oh well
And that time you should be great, I love the growing up, but it's dead now
What a shame
Yeah, they, I call them in a tunnel for understatement
When in doubt, time to get out
Good luck, Kelly
See you in the morning, maybe see you
He's right
And of course, I guess that's true anywhere you go, like going back to Detroit
To Pinkers, is that still there?
Oh, London shophouse, oh it's gone
All the great Chinese restaurants, I used to love
The one at 7 mile in Levernoia, it's gone
Oh, there's there, just there all gone
You can't go back
No, it's all good
How about in Boston, Prince Pregetti House?
No, but that was great, that was
Oh, man
I heard these Yorkers talk about New York
How used to this, used to this
Right, this used to be there
Right
How come it was always better than it is now?
I heard somebody was a mad dog or
Hank somebody saying the other day about how
And it's true
Now Stal's just a very interesting thing because you always
Yeah, it was a mad dog talking about yesterday about 20 years from now
David Hagen will be saying, oh David Hagen was so great on that was the shows
Stuff like that
Right, I mean David's good on the show, but is he great?
I wouldn't get that curated, what would be saying? Remember those great restaurants like Pizza lot?
Now what does that mean?
That was just saying, did he fart and there was something?
I mean, I love it, I love it
I love it, it was something to offend you
For example, because I love the pizza lot
Very good because he's getting so much more action than all the rest of us put together
Is that what that part's true?
Yeah, but no, you know how it goes
I mean this man is just round the clock
I know a lot of very horny people including when I look at the mirror I see a winner every day
But this guy is just busy, I mean he's busy
He is a busy guy
There are wishes and doers
And he is definitely an evil doer
Not an evil doer, he's a good doer
Is what I'm hearing
That's a rumor told me
He's a 5-670560
By the way, Ferrell, if you're listening, keep rumor away from Jeff Cohen
Okay, keep him far away
Keep your husband on the shirt leash
Which of these words are phrases best described South Florida?
We got 450 people
Full changes at noon by the way, Eric
But any Republican, 92
Tropical Paradise 55
Toilet 54
Hot and humid 46
Busley 27
Pleasant 22
God's waiting room 19
Total embarrassment 18
After a nursing home 11, after a funeral parlor
Oi!
Has got
9 votes
Not too promising
And that's why almost everybody's gone
WQAM, hello
Yes sir
Yeah, I think we didn't want to get on here
I just wanted to tell Neil
The name is that restaurant I'm talking to
With piccolos
Piccolos, thanks a lot
And also with Marcelo, not Marcelo
Right, Marcelo, thanks
Piccolos, I remember it well
In fact, that's where Jim Alton tried to pick up the waiter
I'm sorry
What?
But he was a little bit, he had a little bit too much to do
But they named the street after him
5670560
Pound 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line
I believe he's dead
I'm not really positive, in fact the waiter
No, Jim Alton, who used to be K18 in the morning
Would Lynn Russell, now she retired, didn't she?
I guess
From headline news
You know Lynn Russell
He used to be married to Jim Dunlop, he still dead
Plus, so many dead people
Unbelievable
WQAM, hello
Who's going to die?
WQAM, hello
You know, he used to be a place on the east side of Flagler Dawn Tracks, mayncee
Remember that?
No, I remember the red, was it the red diamond in?
No, there was down there, there was on bird road, number, whatever it was
It was just on the east side of Flagler Dawn Tracks
Right
And we're going back about four
But they probably spoke English there though
Yeah, but Chuck Zink was in there back around
Oh my God, Chuck Zink
Yes, I was in 64, my sister went over for his autograph
Right
A little girl, and he said, can't get away from the I'm eating
I'm not going to go there nearly not to my mouth
That's Chuck, yeah
That was a good old days, Neil
You bet, thanks, pal
You have a good one
He was a good ready for cemetery ability, he was practicing for his altitude and retirement, man
Can't wait for me, kid, that's even sorry
Oh, this is the same thing
That's the Skipper Up Chuck
Yeah, keep your punky little kids away from us, I'm busy eating out
I'm busy, rinse it out on my teeth
That's Skipper Chuck
Although back in those days
Now, that day
Am I dreaming it or did this joint because I don't pay any attention to these ratings parties and Christmas parties
Wasn't it one year of Tropical Acres?
And this joint was at IOD, I think here wasn't it?
We did a thing here at Tropical Acres or yes
How was it?
Parties
How very sad
It was fun
What do you mean by that?
Such as it was
And what was the other place there by IOD Uncertainty Anntery Causeway where I always said it was like going in a way of Bar mitzvahal
Into a banquet hall
Right up the street there toward where it was on the other side where Sonny's market was
Yeah
Was it
Fountain Blue, the Flamingo, the fountain blue
Oh man
Something with enough
Nothing you would know cause there were too many Jews eating there
But I mean it was just, it was close, we'd go into a Bar mitzvahal
It's just a big, I mean, too big
Caverns
Yeah
Oh no
I'm dropping crap
What the hell was that place called?
That's going to drive me nuts, somebody will know, not the round table
Well I don't know
Well somebody will call and tell that it was with an F
With an F?
I got something with an F, something
No
5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 7, 6, 6, 7, 9 and of course Flora's right up the street there I wonder if they're still there
They've been almost subrithically every now and then, once in a while
I think they are
They're still there
I would say that probably of all the things
I'm talking about restaurants and retail
All the things in that area that still have survived, probably Flora's has been there long
It's not the same ownership or management put, still there
Still pretty good
Remember they brought us food a couple of times?
Flora's is great
But other than that no more studies market man
Because like you said the other day you were not here for a long time
We're here for a bad time and he sure got it
For his sonny
Man, I wonder if it's her turn white so early in life
Four minutes till noon we got the mad dog coming up to two o'clock the Hebrew hammer at four
Then we got just some really important stuff
Marlins on Deck at seven
Marlins played the Braves in Atlanta
735 the night as they go to make it 9 out of 10
On Waxi 790 are junior underlings safe
And you got the Hurricane Baseball
They're hosted in the Who's it?
MSU, big game, seven o'clock at Marklight Stadium
Any K-Fallows all would let Kakarad
I love this
This is for 20 or 26
You a-
This Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
And another thing
The middle is an amazing little bit of a big star by now
With that little thing sweet voice
I don't think I can get anywhere a little beauty-fuel
We should do
I can't take it
I don't know what this is
I don't know what this is
I don't know what this is
I don't know what this is
The boy Waxi and you
Yeah, what about it?
The boy had you
What do I say?
He's why not me and you
I want to sign
I'm your per Minute
Otone will be the roll
He's playing a coke
And going to high cara
Why you are a smart human?
I know my smell attracts you.
But I'm not smart, you.
You've still got such a fool.
I feel just like that you are my king's rudder.
And one year later,
I see two or another.
That's why you are so much higher.
This is better, this is better, this is better.
I see.
I enjoy doing so, doing so.
I enjoy doing so.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
Yes, we feel that you are my king.
That's enough.
It's a turbo 1.560 WQM Happy Friday to you,
with your liking and love.
483 votes at CNN at first poll,
which of these words are phrases best describes South Florida as you be seen in.
But that in Republic, 202.
Tropical Paradise, 61.
1256.
26, hot and humid 50, Bush Lee,
23, God's weighty room 20, total embarrassment 19,
outdoor nursing home 12, and outdoor funeral power,
Oiii!
10.
Not a very pretty picture, you know what?
Here's the second pool.
We haven't done this in quite a while,
and just curious, if the election was being held today,
who's your choice for president?
George W. Bush, John Kerry, Ralph Nader,
I won't vote or I can't vote.
Okay.
No, we know you can't vote, but you're still going to vote better.
Several times.
Lier.
That's good that we need your votes.
We've got to get to dead people voting the illegal aliens vote,
and we've got to get dark people, light people,
mocha colored people, everybody in between.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, I'm Polly.
How you doing, Polly?
I'm alright.
I need to know your view on a co-man cycle.
On what?
On kosher man's cycle?
Tell us that.
You don't know on kosher man's cycle is man's cycle?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, man.
We got so many Yahoo's here, you know?
And they all think that they're real funny, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
Exactly.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like this guy.
Like that guy.
Man, oh man.
He always talking about that guy.
Which guy?
Oh, the W. Myster.
Well, then there's one of his chants right there.
Get that off of there now.
Oh my god, did you hear that?
Let's talk about something I've seen in Port of Graface.
At least he comes this way.
I'm going to tell you how far back this man has taken us in time since all these people
are reminiscent about these restaurants, which have no idea where that came from,
but nevertheless.
I'm always at the end of the restaurant on 79th Street.
I don't know.
Some of these better know.
But anyway, this is 2004.
I started in 1876 to show you how backward we are.
One of my sponsors I had on a radio station, I couldn't even do their spot now.
That's 28 years ago.
Mm-hmm.
The cock and bull restaurant?
I couldn't say that.
And it's no bull.
Right?
Remember that?
Their Bible Pasadena.
They weren't highly handed northmiming the cock and bull restaurant, sure.
Food was pretty good.
All of it was, you know, they had cheese on everything.
They had like, real parm and they had the seat parm and table parm.
And then of course, cheese we find out creates a lot of like yeast in your intestines.
Sure does, but it's yummy.
And they have kind of like vagina intestines.
5, 6, 7, or 5, 60.
On a 18T Verizon Marvellous line, QAM, hello.
WDQAM?
Going once.
Going twice and long gone.
What a shame.
What's going to be a fabulous call?
WDQAM, hello.
Not there.
Here's our last chance WDQAM.
I guess speaking.
You get to, how about some of those?
I don't know if you remember that one back in the early-
What about it?
That was, you were talking about the old restaurants that were out there in the 70s.
Wags?
Yeah, the old sender, the old samples with the little black kid.
Oh, that's a little black.
A little black sample, yeah.
Yeah, I just say that it just makes you knowledge that the eye that's...
No, I mean, they're headed on your mind, okay.
I think it was supposed to be an Indian.
What?
Sandler.
Black Indian.
The little kid.
5, 6, 7, dark, completely Indian.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on an AT&T India.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, an Indian Indian.
That's from India.
See, that's why the tiger.
I'm sure hope he didn't hit that Korea aroma.
I'm sure he did.
That cute Korean smell.
That was a tiger-aided WDQAM, hello.
Yes, hi.
Could the restaurant you're thinking of be fun-fair?
No.
Fun-fire?
No.
Nick and Orthers?
Was it Nick and Orthers?
I was on 79th Street on the north side of the street.
On the north side.
Yeah, that would be right.
The north side.
Was it right like about a cross for what Sunnies market used to be?
That chick got me stumped on it.
It was east of Channel 7.
Oh, east of Channel 7.
No, this was west of it.
Okay, flores.
You've already...
Right, it was between Flores and Channel 7 and I would do.
It was in between never closer to a Flores.
Okay, I'll just also mention a bonfire restaurant since we're talking about 79th Street.
Okay, thanks.
Right, bye-bye.
Well, this is great.
I don't know how we fell under this.
Let's reminisce about all the restaurants they used to be around when this was a good town.
How many more times have we done this?
About 30 minutes.
It's so much fun because so many of them are gone.
Now, that's just me.
In fact, you know what's out of business?
What's out of business?
Then I liked a lot and I thought I ate there much recently, but I used to back in the day.
Steak and ale.
Right?
You're right on Sheridan Street.
Right, gone.
Gone.
Vanished.
Now, that was a pretty good place.
It was just fine.
That a really, really good salad bar.
Yes, they did.
And the steaks were...
The steaks were very good.
And it was just a little bit, not real expensive.
It was just a nice fine place.
It was fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
And now it's gone.
What they're off, not often enough.
Let's see if the lesson were being held today, who would you vote for?
At first, 35 votes are being made.
We're just counting the early ones.
Carried 26, voice 7.
I wouldn't vote one.
Can't vote one later none.
And here's one that says,
Bush is good for Israel.
How did they get that on there?
Dominic Q.A.
I'm Hello.
Are you from the Royal Royal Royal?
Are you from the Royal Royal Royal?
Is this the Neil Rogers show?
This is the Neil Rogers show.
So, yes.
Yes.
I'd like to talk to Mr. Rogers.
I'm called from Palm Day, Florida.
Oh, my God.
Here's a call from Palm Day.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing there, Neil?
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Just on my old stamp and grow Miami Beach.
Yes.
Well, let you know that I want to go to Curry's over there on 79th Street.
It was all boarded up.
Curry's?
Curry's steakhouse.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
North Bay, Normandy Isles.
It was all boarded up.
I was the same place.
I think I went by wolfies and they looked like they were closed.
Oh, they're closed.
They're long gone, man.
Oh.
Hoppernix wolfies all of them long gone.
All those places where you get the free stuff.
You've got it.
That's why you're long gone.
That's why we wide her out.
But I want to tell you, I get your signal in good here.
I'm almost in Melbourne, Florida.
Right.
I know exactly where you are.
Yeah, but I can hear your signal better than when I'm in West Pollywood.
Probably better than the people in Hollywood.
Yeah.
That's a lot of Pollywood every day.
Right.
I think you like that Pommeye floor up there by Melbourne.
You ever been in Pommeye?
Possibly.
So, probably.
I've been around here.
There are a lot of skaters.
Well, it's right on the intercostal.
Yeah.
I've got big skaters like grapefruit.
5670560, Pomme560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I was thinking of you.
Speaking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, I just wanted to ask you, was that restaurant you were talking about
the place for steak?
That's it.
Thank you, you're all off.
You said my whole weekend because I was worried about it all weekend.
The place for steak.
I was born and raised on Charles Raleigh.
Now, were you ever in that place?
Oh, yes.
Anytime.
My parents nodded.
I used to go there with them all.
But you know what I'm talking about.
When you walked in, there was like a gigantic banquet hall.
You could get lost and there was too big.
It was laid down.
It was too big, too.
Wasn't it a new bonk inside?
Right.
You rang a bell for me right there.
I think it was dark because they want the old Yenthas to see all the silverware.
They hope that they couldn't see it once they set it down.
I'm losing the yellow.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
That's great.
The place for steak.
Now, you know what we're talking about?
I thought it was A place for steak.
Oh.
It's a place for steak, eh?
It's a Canadian's joint.
Hey, you know, Sonny and his family.
They were from Toronto.
They were from Canada.
That's right.
Sonny in the market.
And place for steak, eh?
Autumn Canadians, man, are out of business.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
Why can't we turn their clock back back to the back in the day?
When things were great, when we didn't have this bush-myster and his Tony Black.
Full of terrorists and felucin.
Oh, God.
He makes me want a gag.
He makes me almost respect the queen.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about King Yayo?
King Daniel.
King what?
King Yayo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is that?
That's a joke.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
I'll ask him again.
How do you know it's a joke?
I can say you're a real joke.
I'm a real joke.
Something that I hear bansied about.
King Yayo?
Or just Yayo?
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Let's just say...
It's a bit of a call of the call.
Oh, I wonder what it means.
It's Crescent.
Crescent.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
You got a hand in the hand, I mean, the hand in the hand.
Yeah, home, home, uh, homey boy.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, it touched you.
How many girls were fighting your ass?
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
But I made a mess.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Why did they get me all tested?
This must be the holdover class of us from places for us to wait and heard.
Do we open it?
My in the hole.
Your sports radio fights is in your view.
You, eh?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the whole election.
See you later, Alton.
Yeah, that's the whole election.
Goodbye, your self-induced.
That's the truth.
You got your name on the ballot.
Yeah.
And should you never have a check?
Yeah.
You put your name on the ballot.
The way you ever had a check.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
The way you ever had a check.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
You put your name on the ballot.
And tryna know what they hold on.
And tryna know what they hold.
And tryna know what they've cause.
Flamenco. That's what it was. Which was a single restaurant to lay violence on
discain Boulevard. That is correct. I mean that's another street where it used to
be like the Zedians agree restaurants up through the accounting. Are they still in
business? Well they've filed it. What about the Hungarian Charter? What about it?
And Rocky Graziani's? Rocky Graziani's was damn good. 135th in the
discain. Sounds very my fiasco. I beg your pardon. What does sounds that way?
This goes ahead of all movement. 79th West East in the Tse de Szajay, Jr's. I
don't I think Jr's are just a little before I came here. Grab my junior, honey.
Flamenco. Dean Martins. Dean Martins. Before my time. My Gordon's the place for
steak, the bonfire, fun fare, the barn, Nikon Arthur's Tony's fish market, and on the
rocks. Here's somebody says was the restaurant place to print the hamlet?
That was in the biscuit in the 79th. Remember that? No you don't. No. Here you talk about it.
I do. It was a Danish bouffet. Man it was good. Mm mm mm mm. I mind. Five, six, seven,
don't forget by the way from now until one. The QM van will be at the Crixit
business office. See the sand part of it is that you went along with them. That's
not what I believe it puts like Miguel. It came from him. Why wouldn't he doubt him?
Oh, Julio, please. Now the one that will be at the Crixit business office is 2881 East
Oakland Park. But of our registered winner for your office space for a year. Enjoy free food
from Atlantic City subs. Six to eight tonight. Gellie. The one and only will be at the Los
Samos quarter dextape for Amsterdam light specials and it's how much he hates moh.
Tomorrow George has got a busy day man. Ten noon he'll be at the Bass Pro out. Let
look right at off Griffin and 95. Now what do you do there? What's that all about? We
uh you know manage the wheels spin in there. Oh you'll be so busy. We've got the prize
of the T-shirts and their uh things. In fact, you're Griffin and 595. That's close enough
to grab what he is. I think I'll buy and see you. And to grab what a bag bag. Right.
All of them. Come on. Bye. Then to M&D. A Rick. Rick. Facts are Rick. Oh yeah. Yeah. Rick.
Come on. And then from 2 to 4 at 4 to Pompato. George will be located 1,000 North Federal Highway
in Pompato Beach in George will mark up your Pompato Park program for you. That's right.
I'll make some peak. Cut all the winners on there. Make sure you know that wall in Hennessy.
5, 6, 10. Oh look at that fool man. They're going nuts on this. I think we hit the mother
load. WQA. Hello. Q. I. M. Hello. Yes sir. Over the weekend. Make sure you go see that
movie. Timo to. Oh. That's bad. WQA. Hello. Yes sir. I've got my 18 year old nephew living
with me because he's too broke. If the one woman was maybe living out of the back of his
car. Uh huh. And he's all excited because it's his first chance to vote. Yes. We've been
doing research and he came to me last night and said he's not for positive but he's
pretty sure he's going to vote for Bush. And I asked him why and he said well because
somebody told me that John Kerry was going to raise taxes. And it suddenly dawned on me
that my nephew was the average American don't ask. Right. Right. Exactly. Very well said.
There we go. Tom, congratulations for being Joe average. Yeah. Thanks, Pally. Yeah.
Kick his ass out. He hurts somewhere. Maybe a little hurtful. I heard that he's good for
Israel man. Those every fine. That's what I heard. That's good that we got sad about
it there. So it's good for Israel. I'm sure it's helping Bush. Oh, that people.
Why are you asking my virtually? I don't want to know. I don't want to hear about him.
I can't. I don't want to throw my whole weekend. Okay. John Kerry has got the right idea.
Yeah. Uh huh. John Kerry actually has an IQ. Larger than his thumb. If the election
were being held today, who's your choice for president? That's our poll question out
this will be up there all weekend long. Hop on it. 101 votes. Kerry 73. Bush 18. Bush
gets 17. 28%. There's that 18% again. You can't move them for lover money. Okay. If
he squatted right there and dropped a big one in the White House Rose Garden right
now, they'd still say, Oh man, that was the best I ever seen. Hazelnut. I won't vote
five. Ralph made her three. There is a stubborn 2.9% who just refused to stop giving away
their vote. And I can't vote to you. You got a peer. WQAM. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah. Oh, you're all ahead. Put a link on your website. The A wall Bush. Yeah. Yeah.
It's good. I tell. I tell you all about his. Okay. Thanks. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil.
I am. Yeah. I wonder if you remember the painted horse. I remember the name. Where was
the painted horse? It was on this game. Boulevard and about a hundred and seven hundred and
forty something like that. Yeah. Absolutely. You remember them. Yes, I do. The original
Schwartz Board. Yeah. And how about the Sweden House? I never cared for the Sweden House.
I didn't care for it, but it was another Schwartz Board. Yeah. Okay. I'm already
thinking. Thanks. There are certain words that shouldn't appear in the name of a record.
Horse is one of them. Pain in horse. How about painted civet cat? Yeah, we're going to
open up a new Chinese restaurant. It's going to be called the painted civet cat. We're
going to have like a little paint box. There's a bears and all kinds of cute little animals
in the back of the room when you pick. It's like when you go into a seafood restaurant
and pick out your own lobster tiger ball soup. Right. That's right. Pick out your
own tiger. Pick out your own civet cat. What's not polite? Okay, little horn shakes. Oh,
I like the one over there. It's got a kind of cute. Oh, great. We'll cook it right up
for you. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes. Hello, this is Neil. Oh, really? Okay. How are you
good? I'm good. How are you doing? Okay. Is this really Neil? I think so. Last time I
checked. Nobody else looks like this. Okay. It's who? I met you one time a long time ago.
Listen, I thought you met Ramondos on 79th Street. I remember Ramondos, yes. Okay. How
about Gallagher? Gallagher is there's another one? Do you remember Jean-Chepard? Sure. I came
upon at Borders. He did. Oh, tape stuff. Uh-huh. Would you like to have a cup? Oh, no. He
would put me in a coma. I know. I know. I know. He was boring. You're much better.
You are so funny. Well, at least I'm alive. Anyway, Jean used to sound like he was ready
to nod off. He is good that we had him on overnight on KAT because, you know, it was the time
he wanted to go to sleep and he was perfect for it. Right. Kind of like a pre-cursor to
Jerry Wichner. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, whether it was when I was a kid back in Ohio, but I
came here now all of my life. Oh, my God. Well, nothing's perfect. Have a great day.
We don't. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Now, what were you just saying? Oh, nothing. I was
just messing with it. Oh, well, no, mess. He was a nice lady. Okay. Just because he's old
like me, you're going to get old. Something old like me. And then you'll say what? That's
old like your mom. No, that's bad. He's just a little nervous. Okay. Nevertheless, man,
you are really a, like people who say it's you and they go really, really, really, really
pretty. Oh, they don't know how it works. We've been doing screenless this year. It seems
you're working out. Okay. Why would they get some good calls? We get some goofballs. We
get some ball busters and block buses and slot busters and hoolios and that's a, that's
a variety, man. Just spice up your day a little bit and it's got for second toilet. You're
not kidding me. You tell me that's great. Tropical paradise by fat ass, man. Who you
couldn't? No, that's certainly. Tropical, if you said to me that like, uh, Honolulu,
or someplace in a wife of the tropical paradise, or like in the South seas or some, South
seas, right? But to give me, oh, this is a tropical paradise, but this is a world class
city. That's when it always gets me. Oceanfront swamp. A world class city. What city are we
talking about? I was thinking that when I was shaving this morning, the thing I don't
use is straight razor. Florida said a gay razor. Well, what kind of city are we talking
about? I mean, you think of Toronto and it's like, I know what we're talking about. You
think you should call over. I know where we're talking. You think of New York and we're
talking about Manhattan mostly. Right. You think of LA? Well, you know, I don't think
of that. But, uh, but here, what, where is it? Where is this city? Ain't anybody going
downtown? I mean, for a long day, you're talking about solar, basically. Right? That's
it. Well, what else? South Beach. South Beach. Ten blocks. Ten blocks of, uh, heavily
tan fags over the rest of the malls, for all bodybuilders, composers. And then you've
got a bunch of malls. You got the songwrest. I mean, the fact that the songwrest is the
number two tourist attraction in the state beyond Disney World. What does that tell you?
What does that say? What is it to see at the songwrest? Can you tell me besides the sea of
cars, the purple parent entrance? Yeah. And the, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
silly civic can. They have the Asian cuisine. Mmm. Man. What are we talking about? I guess
it must be all the silly people from brothel, you know, the portagacies. Yeah, they don't
know better. I don't, I mean, they come here by and droves by busloads to the songwrest
to shop for what? You know how many, I'm trying to think when the last time I was, I was in
it's like, likewise, years, years is correct. And you know something, this fatal fag right here,
I watched them build it for my backyard, right? When I lived on a hundred twenty first, we ever
at that house, the other house around the, uh, no, cul de sector. When I lived only very short
from where I am now, but when I lived there, I could, from my backyard, see them building the
saw grass. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. There was nothing there. Right, swamp. Right. Because when I first
moved to the acres about 14 years ago, there were nothing there, swamp. And now every entrance
in a house over here and there was a house over there, we got one house to show you how crowded it
is. We got a house very close to mine that's built like a, it's facing the wrong way. Now,
the house is facing this way, the drive, the, uh, the garage is facing this way. In other words,
if, when they approach the house, there's no way to get in the driveway. You see what I'm saying?
Yeah. I'll say go up over to long, I guess. I don't know. But that's how crowded it is. But what,
what is the attraction there? I don't know. If I want to go, if I want to go buy something like, uh,
pick up a couple of nice shirts like this, which you haven't commented, what am I sure it is,
I did be the first time you were at when you were here. Right. I wore yesterday. No, no, but you've
worn it once before when you were here the last time. I wore it to come into bed. Just in case I saw
a motor there, I want to impress him. But in any rate, uh, I go to dillards. Now, I realize, uh,
that that mall, what do you used to be? The Broward Mall, but is there anything? At least Broward Mall's
got a penny's right. It's got a bird eye and it's got the dillards. It's got like some stories that
somebody heard of before. The parking is respectable. Right. That's right. You have to park 45 miles
away. You get good exercises. There's a lot of rest. It's about it. I get the legal seafoods, but
that's the restaurant. That's not a, uh, a reason to go to a mall. You know what they should call
that place? See, legal seafood in Boston is great. What do they should call a one here? I know.
Yeah, legal seafood. No. Like, truck trip, airs, arts. Okay. Airs, arts. Well, I do have really good
team. Yeah, I do not do that. It's very sad. Anyway, I don't want to sound bitter because I'm
getting out of here real soon. It's been a real treat. It hasn't really been that bad to be
honest with you. It's okay. Okay. He said that early in the week, the rain. Yeah, but you know,
it happens. Grab happened Florida. Rain, yeah. 27 past noon at 560 WQM in our tropical paradise.
Spring in the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. You'll find them on US one and they may sound far to you, but it's
only 20 minutes south of the 836. Armstrong Toyota of Homestead worth the ride because they're
going to save you so much cash. They're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals waiting for you now at 04 camera. Your four runner just 269
a month or 48 months. How about an 04 high lender? You're pay only 309 a month. You need a truck.
How about an 04 Toyota? Tundra. The safest truck in America, just 179 a month or 48 months.
And these are just some of the great fantastic unbeatable savings waiting for you right now
at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. And General Manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever
it takes to get you into a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead
difference they're locally owned and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction
which even includes being open late to late week nights in their service department to make sure
they get all your service work done. Easy to find they're right at the corner of US 1293 in Homestead,
20 minutes south of the 836. And wait till near this. Listen, open up both ears. Armstrong Toyota
Homestead offers your free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life. That is absolutely
correct. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else know where it is that. So forget
about those big song and dance blowhards, those mega dealers and car giants who always give you
the big song and dance and let you down. Called David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead
for an unbeatable deal. Call 305-242-247. 305-242-247 drive a little and save thousands on that
great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. I don't want to say that I'm Russian
things but this might give you a clue when I put it next to him that I got cute up here.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
O my God.
O my God.
Who cares those cruisers are not together?
Tons of humanity just get away from me
Don't want to beat you cruisers together
They said they were in love, but now they are broken up
Won't have to beat you cruisers together
I love it, I love it, I love it
I love it too, 1232 at 560 WQAM
Actors HIV infections for our porn industry
Ready for that?
I heard it
Actually there is an update on this, let me just check the Fudge Report
Because this is the kind of stuff that he specializes in
Hang on a second Miss Fudge, I'm looking
I'm looking
Because I saw he had an update on here earlier
That there was a second story
Hillary says she would not accept the vice presidential nomination
I've seen that
Here you go, second test positive
So production of pornography is halted
I had probably an ash crop plot, wouldn't you think?
Must be
I probably just made it up
Many major pornographic movie producers, including the industry's largest of agreed to shut down sets for 60 days
Because two stars tested positive for the HIV virus
At least 45 men and women were under voluntary quarantine because they had sex with the HIV positive performers of their sex partners
Said Sharon Mitchell of the nonprofit industry a medical healthcare foundation
The first performance of test positive was
Conscientious about having HIV tests every three weeks she said
And last week he tested positive for HIV, follow-up test confirmed it
Mitchell also confirmed that one of about a dozen women that performed a head sex with this guy
And filmed also tested positive, reading this right off the thing
Sorry
The LIT Times identified the performers as actor Darren James and actress Lera Rocks
ROXX
A list of quarantine performers was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
And the foundation was placed on the web with the foundation
in multiple strikes against U.S. tinted
in multiple strikes against U.S. tinted
in multiple strikes against U.S.animation
Yes, we have women degli borst 
Yes, we have mostly women gangs
No, we have a women gangs
Yes, we have more women gangs
Sweetest bag, I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting to the party to minutes to late isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
It's not fair, when you've left home, you've raised the free bag.
When you're already safe, the gloomy,
That you've been in jail,
Who are the dogs you get in?
I have no one.
I know the strongest sign, I love it you say.
It's like 10,000 joins when all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of your dreams,
And they're finding out you're from 10 to light.
And there's only the chronic, don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's like free!
When you've left home, you've raised the free bag.
When you're already safe, the gloomy,
That you've just been in jail,
Who are the dogs you get in?
1245-560 W.
How's it going every time they have on CNN and Remgaes and BC?
You're one of these talking to their channels.
They have one of these debates to pro and to con right on the left.
They always have some torque from some obnoxious ultra-rightening organization.
This Jack asks it's on CNN right now, not this one, I want to order glasses.
The one that looks like a cum-quot in the heat.
He's from the Heritage Foundation.
Nazis.
Yeah, the Heritage Foundation.
How do you like that?
Dyslin, the Morales, baby.
How Hitler.
That's what we're talking about.
All of the family values association,
The family focus on the council, what about Al Lecret, focus on the family council?
What a torpy guy.
Focus, focus.
Watch your focus.
Next Gary Burgoff, look at that.
Yeah, who's it?
It's a twerp from the Heritage Foundation.
I think there were 17 resolutions against Saddam Hussein.
See, the resolutions in the UN against Iraq, those are the ones we should have been taking care of.
The ones against Israel would just ignore those because they got good resolution.
They got good halivov.
More than anywhere in the world, those.
Were you stopped?
No.
Relentless bastard.
Relentless Jew basher.
Hi, Italian.
WQA Am hello.
Hi, how are you?
Pretty good.
By the way, Lord House, we're going.
Don't go there, man.
Okay, I was calling on another registered Jewish Democrat for Bush, and I'll play white.
I just don't like where the left is going, man.
Where the left is going?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Did you hear about this rally they had in Berkeley on April 10th calling for an at the photo here in the United States and everyone cheering?
You know, there are all these people, you know.
I want people.
All the left.
All the left.
All the left.
They want to enter photo.
So let me ask you something.
Do you know a good shrink anywhere in your hood?
Oh, yeah.
Get some help, baby.
Get some help.
All the left.
Wow.
It sucks the oxygen from your brain.
Let's see if the light you were being held today, who's your choice for president?
262 votes.
Carried 204, 77.8%.
Bush, 32, 12.2%.
I want vote 17.
Nader 5, 1.9%.
I can't vote 4.
4 punks or 4 illegal aliens for whatever.
4 people waiting on a banana boat just offshore, but they got their pewter, though.
That's good.
They got the wireless job.
Rating's dire.
Right.
We love you guys.
How many QA'am?
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
It's Neil's buddy in Toronto calling.
I spoke to him before.
How's it going, eh?
Good, eh?
This is Neil.
Is it Neil?
Yes, it is.
Neil, you remember I called you just before Joy first candidate today.
No.
You don't remember where to come?
How many calls do you get from Toronto?
Oh, back 30, man.
30, man.
Yeah.
No, so Neil, double digits, whether wife is giving you an update.
And I figured we'd talk some politics online, but I guess not.
Politics online?
Well, I mean, on air.
Such as Canadian politics like in here.
No, no, no, of course not.
I wanted to throw my two cents away.
I wanted to throw my two cents away.
I'm going to tell you one thing about the Liberals, man.
What's going on up there with Mark Paul Martin and Donald McGillie and David Miller.
The three of them got as much personality as my left foot.
You got that right, man.
Bring back Mel Lassman, at least he was had a sense of humor.
Bring back.
Bring back.
And a nice plug drop to boot.
Bring back John Craig Chanellist.
They had the balls to tell Bush to screw off, man.
There you go.
So when you coming back to Toronto?
I'll be there in no time at all before when you blink.
I'll be right there.
I'll be in the corner of a young and bluer.
You're a good man.
With my thumb out my little lock up.
We'll keep it such.
No, I don't want to say much intelligence and conversation going.
So I figured I throw my two cents away.
No, we don't want this as Florida, man.
We don't want to own chosen kinds of information.
No, I think I want to say it's Sperson Change, mister.
There you go.
Have a right day.
You too.
See, a goldie scroll.
Boy, it was the least a better way to come tonight or it's a, oh, man.
They are in a coma.
No match on, Dean.
I don't think Joe Nguondai is going to play.
He's going to give it a shot.
Good Dutch boy.
Ever been over on New Indyke?
No.
Pretty nasty Burger King.
Anime Dolls over there on New Indyke.
You're an Amsterdam.
And nasty Burger King.
Nastyer than usual.
Really.
Woo!
We, man.
How can you get nastyer than me?
Even the city cast won't go in air.
No.
They refuse.
56670560, Palm 560.
Can't complain about the cuisine and Amsterdam because they're anine.
There's one really, really good Chinese restaurant.
The Mandarin.
I mentioned this before.
I mentioned it again because it's starting to get towards the time of the year when everybody's going to go vacationing.
And we got many, many people to go to.
I'm stood on.
Good choice.
Most of the time.
Not in a winter time.
Don't ever go to their December.
But it's on the dam right.
It's on a broken.
Which is the same.
I mean, some of the dam raccoons.
There's dam square.
You've been there.
No.
Well, just pretend.
Okay.
And it heads south.
It's a big wide street.
Like off the dam raccoons.
Right past dam square.
It's called broken.
Which means smoking.
Yeah.
And they are.
Sure.
And they're just just past Madam Tussauds Wax Museum.
In fact, I think Don Imes is going to be in a winter.
Not in the real one.
Not in a dummy.
And just past their maybe half a block.
It's a big sign Mandarin Chinese.
And you go up the stairs.
And that is an outstanding gourmet Chinese restaurant.
You won't find no strange animals in there.
Maybe eating, but no.
That was gourmet Chinese.
No.
Gourmet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 2, 3.
I'm just giving a little travel tip there.
Man, they're always saying, well, where is a good place to eat?
When I go to go to hell.
Where's a good place?
Wendee QA, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I was going to the radio this morning.
I'm looking to Steve Kane.
I'm so scared.
Sorry, it was a bad movement.
I know it was, but anyway, they had this author on a book, who just finished a book.
It's going to be out soon.
Memoirs of Vietnam, and the Pentagon papers.
Yeah.
And they had their own political guy on that expert or whatever the schmuck is.
And this guy was, you could hear in his voice.
He was so angry at this guy.
And this guy was so cool, so calm, collected.
The guy had a lot of...
Yes, sir.
Why did you listen to this crap?
Because when I wanted, I wanted to hear what the other side is thinking.
No, no, no.
Sir, let me say this to you.
Okay, we all know what the other side is thinking.
Okay, we all know what it is.
Don't waste your time.
Light is too short.
Okay, find something more productive to do.
Please, I'm serious.
Even just eat this mowing the lawn will be much more productive.
You live a lot longer.
Okay.
Have a great day.
See, when people say that to me, I want to hear what the other side...
I don't need that.
The other side is...
The other side, the other side is running everything.
We're right through it.
Search out to find out what they're saying.
Turn on the news.
Any kind of freaking news?
Turn on the news.
Turn on all the top again to channels, man.
That's what the other side is saying.
Lies, man.
They're lying through kind of Lisa's teeth.
That's what they're doing.
That's right.
Man.
Yeah, she got to be whistling a different tune.
I don't want to say Dixie.
That would be bad.
Why not?
Well, I just said it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I'm going to say it again.
She has not qualified to scrub the toilets in a white house.
That's how close she ought to be to that place.
Maybe down...
Maybe down the street at the original pancake house or something like that.
But definitely not in the white house.
Maybe in a white castle.
Back in the day.
5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're right.
They say, oh, I want to hear what Russia's saying because I want to hear the other side.
Oh, give me a break.
Okay.
Why do they want to hear Pratt?
I wouldn't listen to that crap, man.
I'd rather scratch my eyeballs with an SOS pad than listen to that crap.
And an SS pad?
Right.
An SS pad.
You got it.
In fact, let's go to the pad and hang out with the SS.
Do I understand the distopposites to rack up every one?
Yeah.
But they're good for Israel.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's something there I find a little bit conflicting if you case my drift, okay?
This guy yesterday, seriously, I've known him for so long and why did we get into politics?
I mean, what...
He was asking me about the FCC and all the restrictions of what we can say on the year and how it's affecting me and Yadi got it.
And, of course, you know, that sent me off.
Being the schmuck that I am.
And right away, I started talking about these fascists and...
You might mention my name to Rice Master Gary.
I did.
And he don't so much in Omo.
Too liberal.
291 vote, carry 230.
79%.
Bush.
35.
Only 12%.
I won't vote 17.
Ralph Nader.
See you later.
5.1.7%.
I can't vote 4.
Only 4.
Well, the swore, legally, aliens, they've got no PCs to be voting on here.
They're going out of the computer place.
Right.
I want to open it, Internet Cafe or something like that.
Right.
How much do you think the startup would be on that?
Well, I can use your computers.
Right.
Computers.
You know.
You can run it.
You can run it.
Check no guy.
Right.
That's all you need.
Nothing else.
Just pay rent.
And that's it.
Just set it all up.
Have a snack bar downstairs.
Have a big one.
Yeah.
Like you know, 7-11 style.
The best part of the deal.
I totally want to burn in.
The big one.
I mean, it's huge.
I think the science says 305.
They have a big sign outside.
250 of the PCs.
And it's a duck and donuts downstairs.
And also there's maybe 75.
I don't know how many there are downstairs.
And then there's stairs.
You've upstairs with this huge like a couple hundred up there.
And I'm sure that the duck and donuts people obviously they paid hard rent.
And then whoever the PC person is, they rent the other part.
They're getting bad with somebody.
And they have the big machines now.
And you put your chains in.
You get your load card out that gives you like a number.
And you type in your number on the thing.
And again, it's like FPL does with your electric rates.
It meters you.
It meters you.
So depending on peak usage you pay a little bit more.
Like that.
It's all computerized.
What a concept.
Excellent.
And that's that there's no maintenance other than computers.
Right.
No.
You can get like college punks to be in it.
That's right.
Like Beaterboy.
5-6-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the ANT.
Purchase, infrared, and wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Peter Boy.
QAM.
Internet cafe.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Remember the famous restaurant in Washington, I would say?
Yes.
I just mentioned that before.
You're over the slow today, amigo.
Yeah, how about you and yourself?
You want to mention that twice more.
You better get over there.
No, no, but your brains are being fried by a lot of them.
Communistocrats.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Communistocrats.
Communistocrats.
Where's your sister?
And you got a prince.
Here's the list of them.
Huh?
Prince Hamlet, too, those.
Hi, I mean, I mentioned all these.
Oh, yeah, what?
There's nothing left.
There could be the shortest call you ever made.
So, no, no, I mean, he's a good guy, but Jesus.
I mean, talk about ponderous.
We just got through mentioning all of those.
Everything he said is like, oh, I'll get him.
My head is starting to pound from that, just from him.
Boy, that's sad.
What happened to him?
I think they got a hold of him.
He tuned in late.
I think they got a hold of him, you know what I mean?
Them.
Oh, I know them.
The other side.
I want to hear what the other side.
And then, of course, all they've left is sat there in Berkeley, you know?
The left.
Oh, the left.
Oh, get me a break.
The wreck is breaking in.
It's simple than idiot you, man.
Just, just see that one thing about the right.
I think it's making up his ego along, like, Miss Fudge.
In fact, that probably was Mrs. Fudge's boyfriend on the phone.
Making that call.
Does one talk about the left in Berkeley?
Pretty sad.
We got the mad dog coming along at two.
We got the Humper, the Hebrew Hammer at four.
All the way till seven, boy, Hank's got a full-blog ducket, ducket.
Today, 407, seven o'clock Marlins on deck.
735 to Marlins, eight and one started.
It's unbelievable.
They're a hot or no firecracker.
They're going to land it up to play the very lukewarm braves.
And on Wax-D790, if you're a UM Hurricane baseball person, you have to...
Seven o'clock is at Mark Light Stadium.
Seven o'clock is at Miami.
And then, 80K follows all of these things.
The five-acre local army stays here in Wax-D1.
The rain is on your side.
You, man.
But, heads.
It's the one to do, Iowa.
One pill makes you growlty, my friend.
And it also makes you high.
It becomes my housemate gave me.
But it may be an issue for the time.
But no-as-well, but...
Here's your keep you well, supply.
Ah!
Yeah!
Downing them hoop balls and field-dilly heroin, bring me to a higher-ass-world plane.
And I can have a dream, rodent, and not get boasted.
Thanks to my friends, in a higher-world place, full-as-will-mouth.
You'll get you some worse than a handful of poof balls.
Shit! I, by some, get some ready to build those limits of burdens you will see.
In other dissenters, friends, let's extract them gold out of their teeth,
and don't get the pussy to the RNC.
As a show of life's importance for our glorious leader, and go as rumour.
You'll get you through your show, or by putting the logic out of proportion,
to justify your seeming hate.
Out my ass, I'm talking backwards, my dear new head friends.
Oh, yeah, I'm not looking, but yeah, the cash is out.
Yes, remember what worst limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead!
One, two, five, sixty, WQMXR, world-famous one, two-hour US citizen kidnapped from Iraq Hotel.
A lot of peace of the news.
A US businessman was abducted from his hotel in the southern city of Basra by kidnappers disguises,
policemen, the Basra police such, you said today.
Colonel Colliff Al-Malecki said the abduction of the American was of Jordanian origin to place last night had no further details.
Including the Basra abduction, at least 21 foreigners have been abducted over the past week in a wave of kidnappings.
The abductions have coincided with intense violence around the country,
and most are believed to have been carried out by anti-US insurgents, apparently for political reasons no shmit.
You know, the surprise? Unshoked, isn't that?
I thought maybe there's just something to do, you know?
Or maybe they just want to find out what the other side was thinking.
Right, let's say, finally, they'll turn them all loose.
Yeah, the other side.
Speaking of the other side, Walmart, maligned Walmart launches PR offensive.
You know what I think about Walmart, don't you?
No.
It's Chiang Kai Shaq once said it's helped them in the drill.
Picking over to tell us about it.
Anyway, Walmart's love offensive has begun, hoping to counter the blizzard of negative press around in the world's fastest growing corporation.
Companies spokesman are pounding the pavement, meaning with median community groups around the city.
If Chicago vices, this is from the trip, or sometimes I'm sorry.
Their message, Walmart offers better paying jobs with better benefits than most retailers.
Walmart doesn't hear another business in the community.
Walmart hasn't decimated small town America.
That's the result.
Hey, what time is it?
Get them on an error America.
They have the funniest show on the network.
The strategy of, oh, facial said to me, when the Chicago sometimes had a tour of board yesterday,
is to finally be spotted with a voluminous attack against Walmart, many of which are inaccurate they said.
They said, no more will the Arkansas based retailing be on with the content to satisfy the community.
But the customers were ignoring the press.
We've gone unfairly, malign said John B. Visio, Walmart regional director of community first from Midwest,
there's a real misrepresentation of the facts.
Well, to you, see that was a Raspberry.
Okay, well we know that.
Got to clarify if it's a Raspberry or somebody passed some custom bad cheese,
because we can't cut no more cheese camera.
No.
So Walmart is trying to like, I mean, what's the point, you know?
What is the point?
Be like, what do they care?
Be like Charles Manson having a PR region, you know, right?
344 votes.
If the election were being held today, who's your choice for president?
John Kerry 275, but 80%, 80%, George W. Bush 38, 11%,
I won't vote 19.
Ralph Nader 6, 1.7%, 6 people really need to be kept home on election day,
who need to be tied in their horse whip.
And I can't vote 6.
That's what we got so far.
WQAM, hello, not there.
5670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
What is it?
QAM.
Okay, I can have a call.
You got it.
You want it.
What happened?
It sounded like he was being kidnapped.
It sounded like he had his head right through the exhaust pipe.
Maybe that was a business guy.
Maybe he was at Midas muffler.
Midas well.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Four years ago, my wife voted for Bush because she said about something about the
alien thing, right?
We were watching the president the other day and I got her, well, who you voting for now?
And she goes, well, still worse, Bush, I said why?
Because he would have moved to heaven and earth if he would have known.
And I was like, you only get one chance for that and they did it when they got into the election.
Who are we, where?
Who would have moved heaven and earth for what?
To prevent 9.11.
But he would have, if he would have known.
I see.
Well, he had the gun that your wife is psychic.
Tom Vimbo.
So then I got to her, you know, it's all, what would be better being a loose sonny boy?
I didn't quite hear that last part and everything I wanted.
He didn't say anything dirty.
I didn't hear what he said.
What is that?
So you just, uh, three times before you can take this one with you.
We got one to say microwave bacon-nooker.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
It works.
You just got to drape lots of paper towels around it, not like a trove on the instructions.
I made paper towels around it.
Unless you really enjoy painting out your microwave.
Oh, I have.
I used that microwaveable bacon.
You just said a little.
No, not sizzling.
I forget what the brand is.
It's Canadian bacon, eh?
And you just put a couple of paper towels in there.
You'd believe this stuff out on there.
And the 70 seconds and there it is.
You're nice and crispy.
Man, there ain't nothing like that.
Crispy bacon.
This is a rack.
A rack.
It's from a rack?
Right.
Oh, no.
That's, that was from a rack.
But this was from hunger.
Holy moly.
Get the butterfly in it.
Okay, it's still loose.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0.
One of these days I should probably leave it on for a while.
That could be dangerous.
Yeah.
We have a dumb button.
Leave run on.
That's young run, by the way.
He'll be on with cash from Nova Monday morning.
What are these days you'll want to prize a short to collect it?
Oh, I can't wait.
I'll come back for that.
WQA and Hello.
Not there.
I'm lying to.
WQA and Ola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you seen the weapons of mass structure and the autocomunities?
WQA and Hello.
Hey, I'm great.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
WQA and Hello.
It's the big one and two-hour man.
They're out of material.
Big time.
Wow.
What's wrong?
It's in in this guy.
Yes, yes, yes.
That sounded like mo.
Absolutely.
Did it?
Did it?
Did it?
Did it?
Yes, yes, yes.
I'm listening.
So let me say it again.
I take back whatever I said yesterday.
There's no hope for him.
I've gotten the inside spy report from several people in the building.
Not good, man.
Ain't no changes to the old Moe Maestro.
Okay, still the same.
No changes.
No changes, pal.
I think that was done.
That was done.
What?
I'll be done.
Oh, look at this.
The Massachusetts legislature ready to reject Governor Mitt Romney's bill.
Governor Romney asked the legislature for a special authority to ask a stay of these
state Supreme Court judicial landmark ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.
But Senator President Robert E. Travelling the immediately dismissed his request as an attempt
to accommodate a political agenda.
And we know what agenda that is.
We have a side.
While Romney clearly wants to legislate the past as a measure, he can see that if the bill he filed yesterday is rejected, same-sex couples will be able to
be able to wed starting May 17th when the court's ruling goes into effect.
If the legislature refuses so far as I know and based on the best statement I have at this point, it's done.
Romney said, starting May 17th.
And I think George has got the best attitude about that whole issue.
What's it to you?
Exactly.
Oh, what's your take on?
No, gay marriage.
What's it to you?
Why does it affect you?
What, why are you concerned about these people?
You don't believe it, gay should get married.
Don't mind it.
You don't mind it.
That's my suggestion.
You're okay.
Too many enters.
And you know what?
What's your name in the paper from Avoncura said there?
Don't be a enter.
Or something like that.
Or something like that.
To her.
That bitch.
W.M.
Hello.
Hey, Mielo.
What does Mohara taste like?
W.M.
Hello.
W.M.
Hello.
W.M.
W.M.
Hello.
Uncle Mielo.
Yes, sir.
It's one of the changes subject to the little boy.
Yeah, I was just a little worried about what.
Hey, Ben and Jerry's, I ain't doubling muds fly.
Yeah.
Do you ever check it out?
No.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, it's kind of new.
I mean, I want to keep you around.
You know, I don't want to keep you around.
Copy.
Copy, copy, copy, copy, Christman.
That's what I'm addicted to.
Copy, copy, copy, copy.
This is probably one of the closed seconds of that.
You gotta try it out.
But I want to keep you around.
You know, I won't try it out.
Thanks.
Yeah, just why I need it some new ice cream flavors.
Oh.
Never had the coffee, topic, crunch.
Ben and Jerry's?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Even better, I think, than Nestle's turtle.
I like stuff like butter fingers and that.
It gets stuck in your teeth so you can enjoy it all day long.
Mm-hmm.
The butter fingers bar, you mean?
Yeah, butter to me.
See now all the candies are like Snickers ice cream.
And there's butter fingers ice cream in the nail.
So I was on the stick and all this.
I have which you can stick it.
Butter on the stick.
Oh, boy.
I stick it quite.
No, it's poison on the stick.
They're killing us, man.
They're killing us.
Very sad.
And you know what?
And everybody that I know, everybody, don't seem for a while like my friend yesterday that
loves Israel.
He has got a pulpit, man.
I think what he's trying to do is he'd like to be a real Sherone Jr.
That's not good for Israel.
He's a real Sherone Jr.
I mean, get serious, my friend.
You are just a giant in whatever your industry is.
Huge, humongous.
And I sympathize because as long as I've known this guy, all through these, like the people
you keep talking about your brother and all the others, always the same thing.
He's always in a perpetual lifelong battle and he's going to lose it.
Right.
I'm about to fill in the blank.
Right.
I'm going to go to the right.
He's literally in the eye and just before they tell me that getting Saddam out of there was so good for Israel.
Just before he tells me that and he tells me that his track list arises of thousands of cholesterol is like four, whatever the hell was, some grotesque, unacceptable number.
I'm thinking of myself holy crap is what I'm thinking.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
I come in here and of course Zach in the beast are still waddling around as big as ever.
I mean, just bigger than life itself.
We should start that office pool of what?
Who's going to Allen then?
I'm picking on them.
And then this morning, who stand over here to my right?
Oh, yes, how he is.
Oh, my God.
I'm looking at him and I'm thinking to myself.
He's leaning on his cane.
Right.
And it's a good thing that that thing's got good balance.
You know, I think maybe it has one of those little tripods on the bottom.
Let's cut to one of those little bubble, level bubble.
Oh, man.
I am looking at that.
I'm thinking how is it possible that you can still be alive?
I mean, just...
And then he go in for what was the operation besides the hip joint and the hip bone and the knee bone and the...
His leg, his ankle, his knee, his hip, his hip, man.
His legs are disintegrating from the weight.
From the weight.
The first fat friends who died.
We're dying from fat.
We're just dying.
We're gagging on it.
Please, give us that pill.
Please, please.
Cracker, please.
Give us that pill.
Yeah.
Why?
Sugar pill?
No.
Hi, Fowley!
From minutes after 1 to 5, 60 WQM,
Pompatopark Racing and Poker features the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida.
Come off for a night of X7 watching WageWry on Live Harness Racing or come play Poker, punch your guts out.
Coming up a week from tomorrow.
Next Saturday, April 24, Pompatoparko present National Recording Artist, Eddie Cornelius, who will perform his hits too late to turn back now and treat her like a lady.
That's Eddie Cornelius from Cornelius Brothers and sister Rose.
Plus, there'll be hot action magazine motorcycles, too.
I still say I'm waiting for Gary Puck at the Union gap.
Located just a half mile from both I and I, and I, and the Florida turn bike.
It's easy to get to the track and best of all, Pompatoparko features free admission and free general parking every day.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
If you start picking up my friend Toby, there's Pompatoparko to programs and act like a bunch of animals.
I'm personally going to have you check and round it up.
Live harness racing in the Polk Room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight and tomorrow.
Polkers starts at noon, goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 p.m.
Pompatoparko is also open for great simulcasting seven days a night a week, featuring the best in harness through a bread highlight action from all across North America.
Feed the watch and wait you run. Watch out for Mark McDonald.
Pompatoparko block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 954 972 2000.
They're getting the current race schedule where you can also fight it online at Pompatopark.com.
Don't forget a great live racing card tonight at Pompatopark first post on 7.05 p.m.
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Everybody's so low!
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark.com
We'll get to smoke some mercy but I forgot because I smoke you more than five.
Five to five.
I went to last losing everybody out there was smoking five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Five to five.
Speaking of him,
4th Annual Gel Days Gang Golf Fasic May 14th of the Mika Sookies at the Indian
Joint.
You can go to WQM.com forward details as clickwriters of ANSI COS, $85 for the whole day, lunch, dinner,
golf.
You can call for more details, 9-5-4-4-3-1-08-5-9, 9-5-4-4-3-1-08-5-9, and all the proceeds
benefit underprivileged kids in South Florida.
It's for a good cause as opposed to the QM online auction, which is for a bad cause.
So the beesleaves can stuff them in their pocket as they knew.
Revenue street.
Why?
I still can't get over that.
402 votes on a poll are second poll of the day.
If the election was being held today, who's your choice for president?
We haven't had this in a long, long and a coon's age.
John Kerry, 322, 80% towards W. Bush, 43, 10.6%.
But I won't vote 22.
Raffinator 8, 1.9%.
Those eight votes, man, that might be the difference.
Those might be the vets that they can make up to Tilton, Florida again.
Never learn your lesson, do you idiots?
I can't vote seven.
Seven of Georgia's neighbors.
It only would.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
Going once.
And you're gone.
WQM, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Mariko's son.
OK, it lost.
I guess we're out of material today, huh?
That's it.
Got to one o'clock and it was kind of like, oh, listen, you already called.
At the beginning before the show day, you only give me three pages of the log.
And I said, you know, I think it's a three-hour day.
A little bit of a mistake there, but I think it may have been prescient until it just
partied you only give me three pages of log.
In other words, one for three hours.
And if I'd have been smart, I said, hey, that's a good idea.
Well, just make kind of one o'clock.
We'll put supporting news radio on for now.
Three hours is just right.
I mean, Muffin here today anyway, he's been keywifers somewhere doing who knows what,
whom.
And a clearance that he's out to lunch.
You know, we came and said, bye-bye.
I see you next time.
I said, get out of the creep.
And so it's basically, it's all us.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I'm telling you, I said, you, I got a video on Mishama.
You're worse than a going.
What?
I said that I said, you are worse than a going.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
I mean, he told me to do it.
What's that I go, him?
Yeah.
Probably your comments on Israel.
It's worse than a going, man.
Nice try, pal.
Nice try.
Julio Pally.
But it could have been a jubin.
No.
Jubins, at least, no going is singular.
WQM, hello.
You're right.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Long time listener.
One of my most favorite pieces that you ever did was when the pamper was just standing
down.
And you were going to a hockey game and someone asked you how fat rich got in the seat.
And you said with two shoe horns and many experts, I almost crashed my car.
I'll be damned.
Well, you did a great job.
Keep up the good work.
OK, thanks, Pally.
And speaking of that, by the way, where the hell is that thing?
Well, we sure got a lot of stuff in here, you know?
Fat rich reminds me of my mother.
WQM, hello.
Pupipa, the way.
Thanks, Mo.
WQM, hello.
What's up there?
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I had to keep it for myself.
I thought you were playing tanks with all these restaurants and my any beats and other
things in these ice cream flavors.
I guess you should just be cycling with them.
Yeah, we're just recycling old crap like this crap.
Oh, good weekend up on the other.
OK, too.
Just recycling old crap.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I was going.
Two things.
You see the thing with Lulonga wants one money?
Yes.
OK, yes.
Where are they going to get it from?
Not from this organization.
Oh, the organization?
Right.
And closing is Paul Castro-Holo?
WQM, hello.
Hi.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
There's two great restaurants that old restaurants do with the toast and the Prince Hamlet.
The toast?
That was right down the street from Cano.
I know the toast.
It was a sponsor, man.
What's that name?
Oh, man.
Toby.
Toby.
Good to continue.
Toby and the toast.
It's my security people, if you'll notice from the speech the other night, which is talking
about how God has destined him to go attack the other fanatics, too.
So God has made him.
Right.
Yeah, God is on our side.
That's what the Nazi said, too, Paul.
And that's what Osama says.
All the desperates, that's what they always say to us.
God is on our side.
Inquisitors.
Right.
So they always say the evil doers, that's their first line of attack, is God is on our side.
He wants us to win.
WQM, hello.
Ah, there's that sound again.
That's Bell South Special, the speciality.
Bing!
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know an old restaurant.
How about the Golden Spike on US1?
Yes.
Remember that?
No, we don't want to list every old restaurant that was in it.
I mean, this is really the guy that was in the back of the street.
I'm almost there.
I'm just starting to sound like they've been boring doing a Marlin game.
Jesus.
Talk about coma inducing.
We were just to all I did was just ask about one restaurant in place where a steak that was on 7th Answering Causeway.
And then the guy called and were talking about a few different places in June years.
You know, that was right around that area.
And now they want to resurrect all the old restaurants.
I mean, you people have no material.
See, it's another list.
You have no, right.
That's right.
Very, very perspicacious on your part.
That's all they're capable of doing.
They can't have any intelligent verbal intercourse, even humorous verbal intercourse.
All they can do is look, oh my god.
Like yesterday.
It was a closed list.
It was the first thing for my mind.
We need anything to it.
And all of a sudden, oh, here's another one you looked out.
I got one more for your list.
Forget the list.
Okay, forget Franz list.
Heidi list.
Man, it is so pathetic.
What about the ranch house?
Where is the ranch house?
I know, I was waiting for it.
I'm sorry, it's slow.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, sir.
How you doing, Sally?
Okay.
Quick question.
Just for info reasons.
Maybe some of your listeners might want to know too.
Maybe you might know.
I want to know if those pills work.
What pills are those?
And size to my package.
5670560, 560 on the AT&T.
What do they put in his water that last sheet of the law?
Don't be saying what after what he just said.
Okay, that's not a...
You see, he just can't help himself.
He's just a potty mouth.
He can't stop it.
He's got parents syndrome.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, talking about fat and disgusting.
What do we have into alcohol scene?
He's still fat and disgusting.
Although not quite as fat as he used to be because he can't afford it.
But more disgusting, is he?
I don't know.
Did you call him about...
No.
Well, why not?
Use the apartment.
Use the apartment.
Come on.
WQA, hello.
Marty Gorn.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Who's the QAM?
Who's the QAM?
QAM.
Yeah.
Mark Morgan's show.
Oh, man.
I'm looking for a friend cousin near there.
Who?
A little friend near.
Oh, he died.
He's dead.
What can we do for you, Pali?
Hey, man.
A question for you, Nia.
Let me help you out.
Okay.
What happened to the Republican River River?
Did the Republican River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River River
It's time of me, I'm moving time of all
I hope to do it before I focus on it
And then I go to most
Oh my daddy, you wanna show me a girl you see I'm looking at
My mother, she was so mean
I'm just gonna leave it because I have no idea
I'm just gonna say one day, I'm a demon
Say for me, I say you hurt
I hope to, and I would find
Because I care of him
So now I hope to do it when I get up
In the car I hope to do it
I hope to do it when I believe he'll give
And that's every time I was in force
I hope to do it
I hope to do it, it's time of me
I hope to do it when I'm in force
I hope to do it before I focus on it
And then I go to most
Oh my daddy, he was so mean
So you see I'm looking at
My mother, she was so mean
So you leave it because you care
I'm just gonna say one day, I'm a demon
Say for me, I say you hurt
I hope to, and I would find
Because I care of him
That's why I hope to do it when I get up
I hope to do it when I'm in force
I hope to do it when I believe he'll give
And I hope to do it when I'm in force
I hope to do it before I focus on it
And then I go to most
Oh my daddy, he was so mean
So you see I'm looking at
And then I go to most
I hope to do it when I'm in force
I hope to do it when I'm in force
I hope to do it when I'm in force
Oh my daddy, he was so mean
Oh I can't play those
I don't worry about promoting the sale
And the distribution of marriage of weenie
But anyway, one of my, I guess maybe the same
Dutch grader to have said the facts before
Spaces me a copy of a menu from a Dutch coffee shop
The coffee shop, Wulke White
And I'm stood on Wulke White
Okay, Dutch weed minimum by one gram
Right?
Gram is small
Too small
Yeah, like maybe a pin choice worth
A blueberry one gram seven arous
Two grams 11 arous
Five grams 24 arous
Obviously the more you buy the cheaper it costs
Right, super into a hog
One gram seven arous
White melon dutchy
One gram six and a half arous
Arous like a buck twenty now
AK-47
Frosty one gram eight arous
And later 100% organic later
Whatever the highlight is one gram eight arous
Black hash
Twice as much
Melana cream one gram eight arous
Tottas
Well, let's have some bad crap in it
One gram six arous
That's got a whole list of hash
pre-rolled joints
Pre-rolled pure five seventy five arous
For pre-rolled joint
One
Probably a big fat one
I think they use the Dutch bone book
Yeah
Hash four arous
And skunk three and a half arous
Cigarette on
Filly's blunt
11 and a half arous
Now what's all is that?
A blunt is a joint wrapped out of a cigar wrapper
Also in other words it's because like Filly's blunt is a cigar
So that's a whole list of three arous
That's pretty clever, see what I'm running all right
You roll it
God, you almost think I've been an Amsterdam
And then it also says we also sell t-shirts, caps and footies
Now is a hoodie a tuk?
Is that what that is?
A tuk?
Tuk
Now first you do a tuk then you put on your tuk and you get that out of it
That's what you do in Canada
What is your hoodie?
And then you eat some backbaked
I have no idea
You never heard of a hoodie
I know where the tuk is
He's the only tuk
God I have a tuk, eh?
You're gonna be real Canadian
You've got to wear a tuk and a wintertime, eh?
And Canada have to take a tuk
At the wall in Hennessy says, hey let me put on my tuk here
And see if I can find a finish line but I doubt it
Oh and also speaking of that
How do we get so drug intensive?
I don't know
Ohio troopers allegedly find drugs on the American Idol bus
Oh my God
That's bad
I don't believe in singers
And you're doing drugs?
No, no
Can we trust anybody in American no more?
No
Cleveland, Ohio troopers allegedly found marriage-a-weeney on a former American Idol contestants tour bus
According to the Ohio State Patrol
Troopers stock one of Rubens Stuttered's tour buses in Cleveland this week
Stuttered was not on the bus but three people who were in a face charges
You bet, life, maybe the electorate's here
The bus was stopped because it didn't move over or slow down for a trooper who was on the berm
According to Iowa, the berm?
What is the berm?
I don't know, heard a berm of shave
Shoulder?
I think that's what they mean
This is not a British paper, this is the um, since the channel 5
I never, in my life I never heard that word before
I might have heard it
The trooper was with a keen on unit which was allegedly found in drugs on the bus
Well I'll be dang, you better cut the crap, okay?
Man, oh man, American Idol My Ass
What the hell is going to be coming to next?
Well maybe it's a good thing that we got to that corner industry slowed down a little bit
So John F. Croft has time to catch up
5-6705-60, 05-60 on a AT&T line WQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey Neil, pretty good?
Just real quick, if you can give me updates on a Ranny Road and the other guys at Scuff Row and Howard Stern
I'll face on what?
And just what they're doing and also how is Canada better than living in the United States
I'll just hang up a little bit of things
Okay, WQA and hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Can you play that back?
We have a little radio malfunction, I wasn't in record mode
Can I play what back?
Oh this is an idiot, yeah
Record this more on
There you go, Reverend Jones's boyfriend, I wonder if that's Chaz or which one that is
You guys ought to know that we hate you guys like poison, okay?
And if we had different $1, moving sidewalks
You betcha, robot bartender
I hope it's the best as well, hopefully got like guacamole stands on every base
Right
5-6705-60
Don't forget by the way we got some big stuff going on, 6-8 tonight
YOLDI at the Lasola's quarter-deck stop by for anastelite specials
And say hi to a good close little friend YOLDI
Squeeze him once and see what kind of a Saudi makes
And then tomorrow with George from 10 to noon at Bass Pro Outlet
located up Gryffindon 595 or 95, whatever it is
And then 2 to 4 of our 4th of popular located at 1000 North Federal Highway
That's what, what?
I'm not going to be using anymore, we're almost done, we're almost out of here
And look all this is for 20 or 560
YOLDI at the Lasola's quarter-deck stop by for anastelite specials
Right there you bastard
There he was just a walkin' on the sea stand
You know I did it, did it dumb did it do
Squeeze the man from the land of galloping sand
Do I did it, did it dumb did it do
Squeeze good, squeeze good, give my deep mind
Squeeze good, give my changes water into wine
That next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing
Do I did it, did it dumb did it do
That line I'm gonna see and the dumb are gonna speak sing
Do I did it, did it dumb, did it do
He walked on walked on who my dog
nd promotions
enjoy THE LOVE OF FAIR
THEOTH OF MEDICIOUS PESSION
Still till date the war is over
There's other people who get so out.
Now he's the reason that we have an Easter day soon.
And you know I did it, did it, done did it, do it.
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise him.
You know I did it, did it, done did it, do it.
They praise him, praise him.
Kneel down, kneel down, praise him.
And kneel down the metal wall of thorny crown.
You know I did it, did it, done did it, do it.
You know I did it, did it, done did it, do it.
You know I did it, did it, done easy.
You know I did it, did it, done, don't easy to, do it.
You know I did it, did it, done, don't easy to, do it.
156ks 4 minutes for Stillman Dogga 2.
We have 539 votes under any too bad.
What we do in the first one about 4-something?
420?
420?
Was it?
No, I'm making it up.
Anyway, close to a thousand votes saying that too bad.
Right?
Nobody in town.
Nobody around except those of us who just have to be here.
At least some of us briefly.
If the election, what?
Well, I mean, is there anybody here who doesn't need to be?
Nothing.
I think that people who are in South Florida right now are anchored.
Mm-hmm.
The only one who's not anchored is Freaky Carlo.
What's Heather in front of the desk?
Who needs to be anchored more than anybody?
539.
John Kerry, they vote 426, 79%.
Nice going, John.
Just to crack it up a couple of notches.
Will you please?
He's starting to go back in that monster coma routine again.
Don't you think?
He needs to spruce it up.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Ever see him together with a guy from that body augmentation?
Buffalo Bill.
Anyway, 544 votes.
John Kerry, we like him only because he ate the other one.
431 votes.
George W. V. 63, 11.5%.
Kind of shabby there, W.
Kind of shabby.
Just like your performance.
I won't vote 26.
Ralph Nader 12, 2.2%.
And I can't vote 12.
But boy, I sure like to give it a shot.
I sure like to have my 57 Chevy and my drivers license.
I forgot to mention this yesterday.
But seeing as how I sit in here on the bottom of my pile.
European politicians have ruled out negotiations with Osama Yamama
after that tape reported to be him,
which it turns out it was him, offered a truth to European nations
if they pulled out troops from Muslim countries.
And you know what they all said?
No.
That's what they said.
No thanks.
We all think so.
Wouldn't be appropriate at this time.
Makeers look even worse already than we do.
That's what they said.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&L.
We got a couple of minutes here.
I get 30, 40, 50 calls in before we leave.
Hey, never know.
You never when you punch up a line,
each one could be Earthshaking.
Yeah, it's a crack shoot.
And generally what you get is the first part.
WQM Hill.
See what I mean?
WQM Hill.
All right.
WQM Hill.
I just, please.
Speaking.
Oh, oh, Neil.
I was just, I wanted to call because a couple of years ago
you said something I never forgot.
A couple of years ago.
Wow.
What a memory.
I think it's a couple of years ago.
You said something once I never heard before.
I was surprised.
People, I have people.
And I think I don't know.
I just read about this war and all this crap now.
And I just think if everybody remembered it,
maybe we'd be a little bit better off.
That's my mother's expression.
Don't get me credit for it.
That's one of the few things she ever said that made sense.
Well, I heard you say it on the air.
I said, you know, there's so much.
If you can identify with what the other guy's thinking,
because it's so much like you.
But if you take away all this religious crap, man,
all these religious labels,
and I believe this in my God's better than yours is,
and the labels are what is the destruction of the world.
It has been all through history.
It's just pathetic.
Well, I guess the labels get produced from fear and hate.
I don't know.
They produce the fear and hate.
That's what they're there for.
Anyway, I don't have any more than that.
Well, I was in a Fexalot pal.
I'll say hi to mom for you.
Thanks a lot, ma.
And by the way, don't be a Yanta, ma.
I think people are potatoes.
The only thing that the only one who needs labels
is maybe Kathy Lee.
And Aladdin the Mayor, who she's got those people
working for Tencent's and all right.
That's right. She cleaned up her raccolegially.
Do we believe it?
No.
No, he's a bitch.
Anyway, we got the mad dog standing by.
He's coming up next up.
We got the Humper, the Hebrew hammer at four.
Who I hear he's showing is good for Israel.
And then we got what?
Hey, listen, ma'am.
Let's start worrying about what's good for Israel.
Remember what Kennedy said?
Ask not what's good for the added states, right?
Ask what's good for Israel.
And of course, if you invite Sherona over to dinner,
ask him what's good for lunch, too.
He's not good for Israel.
He's not good for nothing.
What's good for Israel?
I'm glad she's familiar to me.
I'm glad you're here.
We're learning.
I hope it didn't be any worse.
