Oh, you know in EY, as you see me, yes!
Oh, baby, baby, oh!
Now all of us red, make sure we're themselves
We're just like the same human, this is family
Because all of us red, make practice and sense
From the boot, now I'm my only uncle and the worries meet
My ancestor took me with her, that the herd of wise
What a deal, I ain't got no wheels, an insides the likes of the died
It is not cheap, can't wait her eyes, yes!
We're all alone in the house, recommend that I got sick when she give me kids
Do until back of her mouth, oh!
Oh, us red, make sure we're themselves
Because thanks to the same good unlessies family
For you sure, because all of us red, make practice and sense
That's a good need, my new wife, she's my niece
I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs
A four by four that I adore, with tires and a two-game bid
The rare window it has a gun wrap, that's where I keep my gun
The ramble flag in the wife of the back, my neck is red, but too much sun
All of us red, make sure we're themselves
Because thanks to the same good unlessies family
Because all of us red, make practice and sense
Our sister is the one over there, we're the dirty enemies
Every human's is hard to choose, who's got the nicest tune
Tell them like the way my daddy is watching me
I'm dying already!
Alright, you know I think the clip works on the end of that
That's America for you baby, we got a land of two nations, or a nation of two lands
We got the red nest, that was the most important pull life if they showed all the whole campaign so far
Seeing it about an hour ago, all depending on what kind of music you like
And they divided into three categories, rock and roll
Carrie, 50 to 46, they have four points of honor, who are rock and roll
It was had by three points of honor, who prefer classical music
And country music, man, no contest, which is like eight million points of hate
Maybe not eight million, release
Stop turning, man!
That's that many
I think we're like divide the country right down the middle
All I'm red next, we're not down the middle like geographically
Think like about ten states and stick all you Bible, something right wing
Knows, ticking, banjo, playing
In Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho, Nebraska
Indiana, that would be a horrible place, every been Indiana?
Nope
Don't
Now let me ask you this, are we doing a probably should I ask to route out to get go?
Are we doing both breaks I hope not?
No, just no
Just the end, they already played all our spots in the first hour
All the spots in the first hour?
Yes they have
But we'll make it happen, we can take a less break
We can make it happen?
Let's play that five or six times dialogue by Chicago
They'll take us up to about 158
Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog, who's on his way to New York with your best friend
And his best post personal buddy
To do the jets smashing of the dolphins tonight, that ought to be really ugly
And I know the papiates lost yesterday, well guess what?
Sooner or later they were going to get their ass swamp and they did
By a pretty decent team, he just didn't show up yesterday, the papiates suck
And he lost again, big deal, there's still six in one last time I checked
Which is the dolphin record, just kind of like switched ass around, right?
Right
Yeah, same number is just to ass around
So anyway, we got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog, then before we got the big
Oh!
Because the humpar I guess is still on his way back from Texas
If they let a big fat Jew like Hank out of Texas, I'm not sure
But anyway, he's on his way back, he'll be back tomorrow
And then we got Dolphin Captain out of kickoff hours and hours of commercials
Now is Geltie still on that thing?
No!
Nope
He's not?
Nope
Get out of town
Geltie has been banished from the Adolphin Captain out of kickoff over the 85 hours, who does that?
Pico
Get out of here
What are you talking about?
It's big ol' come, gonna kickoff his big ol'
No, no way
Okay, he's gonna be on from four o'clock till nine
Well, five hours of the big, you've got to be crazy man, he's not that rock solid
Geltie was doing games
Geltie does the games games
Hey, that's a nice victory too on Friday from North Carolina for a little girls team, boy that was brutal
That was unbelievable, just getting aes out there right at the ass end by a tiny little girls team of the blind all less
Very sad
So anyway, that's what we got on the agenda
Now we're gonna take some calls because we don't start the show official to love at a clock
Do you wanna take up a call?
Yeah, why not?
And then we'll give you the whole load on the love of a fine pack
We're gonna take calls all day today because it's the day before election day
And we wanna give everyone a good day
In fact, too bad we don't have C-SPAN in house, you know, it'd be good
So they could listen to all the intellectual collection day, hello?
Video
Yes sir
I don't know if I hear how it is David that was a dolphin poll
Was he doing broadcasting another team?
Yeah, that's true, good point
All right, yeah
Okay
Yeah, how is it gonna be doing the Jeff's game? I mean the dolphins game tonight
Haha, haha
I bet his whole family is gonna be up there painted green and white, you know
If I probably eat sheaq is like one green, one white
What do you think?
It's not as much fun now that we don't have him to kick around anymore, you know
Like let's get him on a lot more often, fill him in to fill him
What?
What are you laughing about?
He could have been on today, oh that's right, he's also on the Whitney York with the Mandol
You're probably there right now
So you're ready for that debacle tonight, that is gonna be a really grotesque
How about those packers by the way?
You might as well call off the election
All it's gonna do is make a lot of money for lawyers
They're gonna be all these challenges
The good thing at Ohio is so far, although they're repeating it obviously, but in Ohio the court said no
You can't the all you Republicans out there you can't put all these so-called observers into the polling places to try to block and intimidate
Anybody darker than like light brown, anybody darker than light mocha will be thrown out
Well, that's not gonna happen in Ohio as of now
And as of this morning, huh?
They'll try
As of this morning, Kerry was like in the last poll four points ahead in Ohio
Two points ahead in Florida, which is shocking
And nationwide, even the Gallup and their final poll before the election, the Gallup poll shows
Bush 49, Kerry 49, and Nader has got a peer
What an idiot
And I'm gonna be in there to scoot all up again
Ego the size of the universe, Ralph Nader
I still say like break both his legs with a baseball bat and be good
Still got time
W.A.M. Hello
Great guy
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Hello, this is Arnold, I'm running for...
I'm in the Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, anyone, how's it going?
Okay
And it's a Fahrenheit over the weekend for the first time
So the first time, what have you been waiting for?
I've been real busy, man, but God, it was almost the best thing I've ever seen
I watched out my wife and she just had tears in her eyes the whole time
Yeah
Especially at the towards the end of the movie when the mother was in front of the White House just trying to grieve her son
And that one lady comes by just spewing hatred
All this is a setup, this is a setup, I mean my wife says she didn't know how the lady didn't just speed on the other one
Yeah, she's going to just kick the ass right there
Yeah, that would have been great
But my wife was like the prize that how the footage of Michael Moore had, you don't see that on the news
That's not even worth that
No kidding
Exactly, you know, it's not convenient for them to show that kind of thing
Because now that's suffering, all the kids being murdered, you know, the soldiers and all that type of thing is not convenient
Henry or dead Marines over the weekend, by the way, right?
Exactly, and also the, what you call it, the 660 minutes had a thing last night about how the soldiers are, you know, short on arms and short on connection
Yeah
And tonight on the AFC channel, I don't know if you've heard about it, Channel 550 on the right TV
You were kind of on the channel, yeah
They're going to have, first of all, 8 o'clock, a documentary on the Bill Clinton War Room
How George Starr, Stepanaphilis, was able to, you know, keep peace while they were here
And keep away from attacks, but the good thing is going to be a 915 tonight
They're going to show something called Patriot Pay, which is a documentary on all of the soldiers in Iraq telling about how they don't have any kind of protection
Provided by Halliburton, Halliburton has a way of giving them a suit, which is a full-body chainmail suit
Which protects them from snipers, which is one of the biggest troubles over there for the food and to ship it in
They're keeping it for themselves
Yeah
So, on the night, and also the how the soldiers aren't getting any kind of toiletries, they don't get toilet paper from Halliburton, they don't get toothpaste, toothbrushes, they have to have their families from the United States
By through Canada, because it's cheaper that way, and have a shift to them because that's the only way they can have that kind of thing
Lovely
Thanks, everybody
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I just have to laugh at all these the right way with the show one guy and I'll hide with this morning or their hot shot attorneys. Well, we're we're not going to allow all these FODY robots to think that stacked up all these not even right. The fact of the matter is they only want people who are going to be able to vote if they're for them. Anybody else forget about it? The country music crowd. The country music crowd is exactly correct. The nose pick and cut to music, a Dalai part and squeeze and crowd. That's it. Not to me. You ever notice how I've talked about this many many a time and having worked in Nashville for two long months back in 1980s.
Right. But it seemed like ten years. Oh, what a horrible place. Well, I see Nashville Tennessee. I've got to get ahead of the hell out of there. Anyway, they're like not like real people. Their mugwamps. They're born in gigantic caves. He's enormous dinosaur eggs hatch. And that's where they come from. And we're just like not real people. But anyway, that's the crowd. The nose pick and cut to music crowd. The Toby Keith crowd. The board. Again. Bible, something.
crowd that you're a follow-up crowd the pat Robertson crowd which i'll
president they said oh don't worry about casually there aren't going to be any
american casualties
so basically what you're in he was in the others are doing now saying
pat Robertson is great man of the cloth
is a freaking liar
because we know that i'll president would never lie to you
and certainly would have never so
and i mean what would expect a represident has to be coached during a debate
who has to be coached when he's holding a meeting with the head of another
country who's maybe don't even understand and there's nowhere to countries on
the map
is that is that what you people want to do is vote for a bozo who's even
dumber than you are
to make you feel better about yourself i guess that must be part of the american
psyche
let's put a real moron in here because then we feel really smart like fraydo
you know
scotty
what else could he excuse me
he's got a freaking radio transmitter on his back under his jacket there is no
question about that now he's getting coached during debate
actually all along paris and the strange looks on his face
well stranger unusual
okay here's the result of the pool from my don't let me get all of the
what the last year you hear that
on a thing a certain ring again back there
and any right here's the pool from friday other than George w bush which is
the obvious number one answer who is the most dangerous american today
we have put the uh... a man who can't debate his opponent without being coached
by a some group awesome nazi bastard and you want to vote for that
that's your idea strong leadership
good going this molly
carl wrote to so before evil to work
donald rumsfeld lying in the loop of the mega-lomania to attend
every seeming here mongering together the same person
michael pal ninety four see the big graph off there
michael pal ninety four rathnader eighty eight
antin skalea seventy five i think the way we spelled out not right
rush limbaugh seventy who's busy did a little there in keegan there on cnm
case you missed that story last week
passes new flame
copo pop and rush up
jab bush seventy are fat ass governor
why and i said still really believe he's even worse than the brother he is the
worst
all wolf who it's sixty two got that nice look back here
spit on again paul in the comb to
convol a thirty seven and conglisa
she's not a side of mind twelve
for conglisa
here's our big day currently today she ain't no conglisa thank god
terrapat which is a porn star
i bet you don't ask for it to be really pissed up and heard off about that
porn stars on our website
let's see terrapat group on brilla
we know what's in keep her on our side
you know keep her on our side and just to ball the other montannans back where
it came from
she was born July twenty five nineteen seventy six makes her like twenty eight
last time i checked
sometimes credit is broke
terrapapiens
city jordan
terrapatric
linda shapiro
linda shapiro
and broke thomas
and she's got a long list of uh... work
terrap credit
island fever two job breakers i wonder what that's all about
girls who
hard i can't read most of these
foot bottom festival
pets from the past
healthless heroine's volume three girls will buy girls
so yeah and then of course the sequel
ask to ask angels
behind the scenes two behind the scenes three fast lane davigas
filthy uh...
footlovers only nice rack four open wide and say a
almost a bit about the dental professional
payback mercy and his revenge
selection of maxine
sheds of sex
terrapatric a k-fifty or
how do you like that that's our kind of uh... starlet there
you filthy or
you've got
you were
and we're not even talking about kindle is anymore all of the women as well
but it's interesting all of these right wing sluts
have you ever noticed one thing in common like a pa what's your name
lore ingraman she just
that that that that that that that that that she was on the shows over the weekend
she doesn't show up for like two seconds
just enough not just right wing but you just lies like crazy pretends you don't
hear what the other people are saying
and uh... uh... and for the course was about to
and kindle is that are those people married
to those people have a husband a boyfriend they ever seen a uh...
well stop thinking about that
i wonder if anything in common with that both i thought of the can lynch any
you know married chaniel who's fair gay
so let's get a lot of calls in the day now here's the poor for today and it
doesn't require any additions any building any embellishment anything
this is our final one of course this will be the one that tells how about those
the packers again by the way since nineteen thirty six every time the
redskins on their final game of the day before the election when they won the
incumbent one every time they lost the incumbent lost
the fact that it got their ask you by green bay right there in walked in yesterday
uh... is not a good sign for the bushmeister
and the fact that he's late poll seemed to be swinging over to a carry
but i guess a real interesting stuff from the side
whole but uh... cell phone people
which is the first time ever seen a stats on this you know
what cell phone might be
if you're a professor please take the phone up your ass if you're for carry press one
yeah
cell phone voting
though the people that don't have uh... listed phones that don't use
in other words they use their cell phone is their primary phone both of all
right like you know those people don't
those people don't show up in a poll because they're not you can find them
because those cell phone numbers and listed
got it
so i have a poll on that which is pretty damn interesting here you just uh...
was wash away in that category
so i mean here's the poll for today and i will get into the zillion calls between
out to because we want to like really sure asked to i mean uh... show the world
that florida's involved on here all your voting stories and all these things
which of these applies to you
already voted for bush already voted for carry already voted for later
will vote for bush will vote for carry will vote for later
won't vote can't vote still don't give a shmit around the side of i think the
if that doesn't have a lot of bases i have no idea what does right
already voted for bush or for carry or for later will vote for bush or for
carry or for later
i won't vote can't vote which means like poor little George who's
is on vacation today and have you back tomorrow he's taking like one day of
the time kind of spastic
because he sure want to miss election day and i'm sure you don't want to miss
Wednesday when we're sitting here uh... whatever we're doing
still okay with you to run decided those are the things that are pulled today
okay we'll take the first of forty five thousand calls when we come back
you
it's
politically
it's
are beautiful
you're looking good
yes i am
got my time
it
so in other words
thirty six already voted for carry and one already voted for bush
thank god
slow on the uptake them right when you're stuck in this and listen by the way
if you were thinking about voting for bush and have voted already maybe
just want to forget about it would be a really good idea
piggie says first i'd like to thank you for playing put the lotion to back
to my son friday made his day
i have three sons and all but one listen faithfully what about the other one
piggie
you have the spot that's it howard nieland sports all day that doesn't seem to
make sense how typical a q a m
well we don't we don't make a lot of sense just wait is
let's say
mike says here's my email the republicans one last try to get them to see the
light
and here it is all this is too long
up up up up up up up up up up just too long thanks a lot don't like
good effort just goes on and on forever five six seven o five sixty pound five
sixty oh I just did to time what did the sixty minutes piece last night if you
go on cbs.com
or just look up their 60 minutes click on 60 minutes on the website of the
cbs deal
the whole story is on there from what they had on last night
Two weeks ago a group of Army reservists in Iraq refused the director to go on a dangerous
operation to resupply another unit with jet fuel, without helicopter gunships to escort
them over a treacherous stretch or highway and lacking armored vehicles soldiers from the
343rd Corps Master Company called a they suicide mission.
The Army called it an isolated incident, a temporary breakdown in discipline and investigations
underway, but the 343rd isn't the first outfit to be put in the arms way without proper
equipment and commanders in Iraq acknowledged that the units' concerns were legitimate
if even if their mutiny was not.
With a $400 billion defense budget you might think you have troops have everything needed
to fund for war, but that is not always the case to close on to details, very sad, pathetic,
tragic.
Ten more jet marines over the weekend.
How high does the count need to get before we finally get to you and make you realize
that your kids are being used as a human sacrifice for this lunatic and his band of neo-Nazis?
Somebody QYM?
Hello?
Yes sir.
I had to call you.
I have had a voting location.
Hollywood sitting there will probably be for the next two hours.
I had to call you and just relive this scene.
It's pretty crazy here.
We've got six-year-old girls walking around with Bush, Cheney, and we've got an open
policy going on around here.
A lot of these out of towners come here to urge people to vote against them and then
before.
And actually challenged one of the guys that he was from Mata'la at the end.
They said, well, what business do you have being here challenging something in Broward
and Bay?
But it's really kind of nuts because you've got like 600 people online and then you have basically
campaigning going on while people are online.
Yeah, let me tell you where he is.
It should be stopped.
It should be lost.
50 feet.
There are lawyers who are all over the place because there's nothing much they can do because
that's the law.
But again, the lines are out the door and around the corner and you've got every which way,
every partisan person, politicking in favor of their position.
Well, here's my advice to anybody who's caught in a situation like that.
If somebody's trying to muscle you and give you a song to dance while you're waiting
there, exercise your constitutional right to vote, just shoot him in the leg.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
But it's pretty crazy here and I just wanted to give you the eye with this report.
If anybody's driving on Hollywood Boulevard, passing the courthouse and you're listening
to Neil right now, give a big honk and think of us here as we go.
Are you honkies out there, Leon?
Okay, do a good job, pal, thanks.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
There are Muslim people.
See, that's how desperate they are because they know they're going to lose, the Bush people.
So, and it's not going to be close enough that they can fix the count after the fact
that, of course, Rankway's there, went home and fed it back to work today because he'd be
ill and he's on the way out.
So, who now knows what's going to happen then?
They can't count on the Supremes anymore.
Then, a Ross, he's busy in rehab so they can't count on her or Rankway's.
So, what do they do now?
And Clarence, token Thomas, he's busy because the shipments just came in over the weekend.
So, they're not going to be able to pull off the same scan they did four years ago.
So, now the best they can do is like work overtime, heavy duty, hundreds of thousands of freaking
people lawyers to make them sure that people that they don't like aren't going to be able to vote.
In fact, maybe they'll shoot you in the leg if you don't vote the right way.
It's possible.
Twist your arm a little bit if that don't do it.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am?
Hi, this is Ray Lai, the long-stuff.
Yes, because I was listening to part of Rush and Snit last week and they said,
they said about the Green Bay in Washington, yeah?
Yeah, they said, if Rush can win, the Republicans will win.
If Green Bay wins, the Democrats will win.
Well, last time I checked the score and I watched the good part of that game,
Green Bay kicked their ass.
They kicked butt.
Right.
We're going to kick butt.
We'll find out what the third is.
Yeah, third is January.
Yeah, the World Cup is now.
She's out in seven.
Okay, do good job sweetheart.
Give me a phone.
Yeah, if anybody really believes that unless of course it's like this morning,
let's see, I want to make sure I get this right.
They show Bush and Pennsylvania, which I don't believe that.
I don't care what the polls says.
I still believe Kerry's going to win Pennsylvania.
But they show, of course, you always believe whatever polls agree with your opinion, right?
Right.
I do believe that new one on Florida that shows Kerry two points ahead.
I do believe that.
And if there are two different polls taken over the weekend, the Zogney Poll in Wisconsin
shows Kerry with the eight point leading Wisconsin.
The poll they were showing they were chatting on CNN, which must be Gallup again.
They show Bush and had bite points in Wisconsin.
Now all you cheese heads out there, how is that possible?
Although they do have a lot of Nazis in Wisconsin, love them.
Beer, Grizzly, German, you know what I'm talking about, that crowd.
Right.
They do have a lot of them.
So we'll see you shows up in Wisconsin.
How about that, that, that, that, Panther, that hurricane game?
I just want to mention that a few times just rub it in.
See, they've been, they've been playing, they've been flirting with disaster for too long.
They've been on a verge, pulling games out against like little girls,
teams that read their ass in, and this time it didn't work out quite so well.
Which isn't a big deal except for the fact that you know in South Florida if your team loses one game.
Well, screw them, we're not going to show up for that.
The building that houses the state division of elections was evacuated early today because of a suspicious package.
Oh, I've seen a lot of suspicious packages in my time.
And sometimes they're not exactly what you thought they were.
Firefighters and law enforcement agents ordered several employees out of the building before eight o'clock this morning after the package is reported said,
Alia Farad, spoke to them for the Department of State which overseas Florida's elections.
Farad said few people went to building because it was too early.
No other details.
I've been checking this on several websites and I've for like less couple of hours.
I don't see no more.
So I guess everybody there is still alive.
And talk about our real piece of crap.
Talk about something that talks out of every side of his mouth and even occasionally blows a few out of his ass.
Boston Red Sox picture Kurt Schelling.
This is the same born again Kurt Schelling who certainly would never lie to you.
He said over the weekend he says, oh he never should open up a mouth and never should have been in voice to support for Bush.
He should keep it separate.
And he wasn't going to be able to jump to support the president because he has bad ankle.
And if the series were to continue he wouldn't have been able to pitch on Sunday all of a sudden a crap.
But surprise Red Sox picture Kurt Schelling made a surprise appearance this morning with El President.
They limping to the stage and willing to know Ohio to give Bush a strong endorsement.
And the meantime John Henry who we like a lot better than we used to.
He and Red Sox endorsed Kerry Negi Lee presenting him with a World Series t-shirt.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
That's the guy.
It's your little little orpid John Henry.
All of a sudden we deemed himself in my eye.
A little bit maybe.
Yeah, in my brown eye.
Showing one game two of the World Series and game six of the American League championship series with his ankle stits to protect the torn sheath around the tent.
He's got a torn sheath.
He was expected to undergo surgery this week and canceled an appearance with Bush on Friday.
But this morning he wore a protective boot over the ankle as he and his wife made their way to the stage inside an airplane hanger.
The ace pitcher said Bush was a commander in chief who will ensure troops have everything they need to get to job them.
We just got through it telling you 60 minutes short he last night they're not getting everything they need but nevertheless Kurt Schelling says they will so now sleep a lot better.
Well, he says he says he's a leader who believes in their mission and honors their service.
A leader who has the courage and the character to stay on the offense against terrorism until the war is won.
Bush did next to him and they embraced afterward and there was a little bit of tongue action seen as well.
And rumor has it that Schelling even fondly radiotransmitter on the president's back.
Just a rumor.
I mean, how come the media haven't made a hell of a lot more about that?
Remember the story or the judge that I read last week about the fact that the media is like everything he gets a free pass on.
What about the other scandals that are going on?
What about Abu Gharrad?
That we don't hear another word about where everybody else was a scapegoat.
What about Valerie Plain, the outing of the CIA, is shot in the head for Joseph Wilson.
Little payback.
Not to mention of course, Halibut.
Now we heard a little bit about the FBI investigation and then I was in that.
Just amazing.
You talk about the Teflon president and then they have to go to turn around the right wingers and say,
oh well the media have made carry into a challenger.
That's why it's so close because it's right.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 WDQ AM.
You know, IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems.
They come back every day when you wake up and it colds sweat.
C.P.A.G.B. Buckwell and the Buckwell tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top C.P.A.G.B. law firms refer their clients to the Buckwell tax firm when they have IRS problems.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Supposed you have an IRS lien, a wage levy, op payroll taxes and penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe or need time to pay whatever the deal is.
The Buckwell tax firm can help you.
They offer free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And, best of all, you never even have to meet with the IRS.
The Buckwell tax firm handles all meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to be there.
Call them today. 954-575-2800 and get yourself out of that pickle.
954-575-2800, whether you owe $10,000 or a million in IRS taxes, the Buckwell tax firm can help you out.
Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com.
It's not worrying about the IRS.
Knock on at your front door. Maybe knock it it down.
Call them today. 954-575-2800.
You owe this thing to me on Roger's.
We can't even see the difference between your $1560-5050 and a QAM.
What can we do about that?
What can we do about that?
We can't afford that.
We can't afford that.
You got no job no more.
The baggy at Tesquim, Ozea, Futtered Gourds.
Yes, the Prince can't be hauled.
The Treachery's detection.
I don't think I got a mention.
We had enough religions lost by you.
It now has stupid past runes.
Now, rather than swoon a snout,
something has to hell on the house.
You're not welcome at all.
How does it happen?
How do you plan it?
We wouldn't have dealt with the shady state.
How does one less healthy to read?
All the hotels, the lodges, stupid mits
will fight something else to do.
Like massacred deal is merely to lose.
There's the final double by Sian and Galapal,
right wing 49.49, 2% from Nader.
All those Nader people, man.
Get a life, get a brain.
Like I said, they're just like he is stubborn and foolish and idiotic.
Anyway, here's the appole so far.
Is there something wrong on it, the poll, Joshua?
You looking at it?
No, what do you mean?
Where it says can't vote won't button?
There's like two ones underneath it there.
I don't know what that light is.
You don't see that?
You don't have that?
No.
Don't tell me it's me again.
I saw that movie gaslight, okay?
You ain't no Charles Boyet.
It must be me then, huh?
I'm refreshing it and it's still under words that can't vote won't vote.
It comes up like there's one and another one underneath it next to nothing.
You don't see that?
Yeah, I just refreshed.
Yeah, I don't know.
And what is that?
We'll have to get those off there.
Mr. Computer Wizard?
I don't know. It's not on the admin like that.
It's one of those mysteries, I guess.
I see.
268 votes.
What time did we put the poll up?
Miguel, about 11.15?
Okay.
Where did we do it before?
About 10 after.
Yeah, we already got almost 300 votes.
Which applies to you already voted for carry 116, 43.2%.
Will vote for carry 117, 39.9%.
That's 83.1%.
Shocking.
Will vote for Bush 15.
Already voted for Bush a dozen.
That's 9.9%.
Still don't give it to me at 7.
Can't vote 5.
Won't vote 4.
Undecided none.
Will vote for native none.
Already voted for native none.
Good.
Nobody played their vote.
We don't want to be near you.
We don't want to smel you.
What?
Nobody's voted on those 1.
And 1.
What was it just the confused for it?
So you know the average age of the poll workers like 70 something?
Not just in Florida, but around the country.
Why is it an election day on holiday?
They're always saying, oh people don't vote.
People got to get out to vote.
Well, how come we make it so difficult for people to get to vote?
Election day ought to be a holiday.
And the average age of the poll worker ought to be like 40, not 80.
Okay?
So they're living and breathing people who have something.
And this facts is proof of it from whoever this is.
From Gary.
Thank you, Gary.
He says, I'm a long time listener.
I never called I fact from time to time.
Just a brief note to let you know about the un-
Daily of the experience I had voting in Delray Beach Saturday.
I've never voted in Palm Beach County.
I always in Dayton, Broward.
And I hope never to do it again.
There's the first time for everything I spent Saturday morning
canvassing for Kerry and Boca with the group of volunteers
from the Florida's Women's Vote.
Afterward, I was determined to vote in Delray.
The Supervisor of Elections Building on Congress between Atlantic and Linton Boulevard.
I expected about a three hour wait.
My girlfriend had voted earlier than we can.
Boca waited about two and a half hours to vote.
I got there around 245.
The line was long, wound around the building, outside.
I was with all kinds of people who either wanted to vote or get an absentee ballot.
We had plenty of time to speak with each other.
The guy next to me had come all the way from London to vote.
He never received his absentee ballot until compelled to be here to vote.
Another woman was determined to get an absentee ballot for her son and filled off here.
Long story, we stood online for seven hours not voting to nearly 10 o'clock that night.
Seven hours.
We.
The entire time you thought we were in a third world country.
I don't think they waited that long in Afghanistan.
How could this be?
Nobody came out to tell us what the wait would be.
When we finally got to vote, we found there were about 12 machines.
The real holdup was they had only two computer screens to look up on the U.W.
Registrate voter or not.
Then they were maybe processing 40 to 50 people per hour with hundreds and thousands online.
It was going to be an all day affair.
The fact that poll workers were also pretty old or hitting health matters.
I wish there was something to complain to, but I'm sure it's a waste of time.
Thank God Teresa, meaning Teresa LaPour, that miserable, caca-ed bitch, is on her way out.
Yeah.
Let's send her to Al-Caca, a good place for her.
Sticker-winning with all the explosives.
Adam, the monster of lifeguard says one outstanding person no one's brought up.
The past two previous times the electoral college winner lost the popular vote.
Neither one won re-election.
Benjamin Harrison and Rutherford B. Hayes.
Perhaps the American people aren't so dumb after all.
It says, yeah, we're going to hope so.
Let's hope so, Adam.
We suffer grandizing lifeguard you.
You know Adam?
Yeah.
Huh?
No, I don't know Adam.
Good.
He thinks he's a stupid star.
5670560.
Let's get 45,000 votes on a call's on between now and noon.
What do you say?
Say, yeah.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Now you won't go in South Florida over the weekend, were you?
No.
Okay.
I was in Montreal over the weekend.
Okay, you got to hear this one.
Channel 10.
Saturday night show the-
Well, actually, please already came with the Florida State game, okay?
So the Florida State game ended at 720.
You don't mean to gain the lost video that one?
Yeah, that one.
So now they pop on the national game, which was the Michigan Michigan State game.
Oh, please.
Okay, now let's-
You know that once it's rippled over time.
I don't know if you're getting.
I know.
So, you know, just between the-
the end of the regulation the first ever time, and they go, uh, we narrowed up this program
to show you stolen honor.
Is that C-Claire broadcast thing?
What?
They interrupted the Michigan Michigan State game on Channel 10 to pop on stolen honor.
You're hearing that, right?
I can't remember.
Tell me a Miami?
In Miami, Channel 10.
What the hell was it doing on there?
I said, well, obviously they stayed both time.
They- these guys-
and it was actually one o'clock in the morning again.
Oh, my God.
They say, boy, these guys actually both time besides the C-Claire thing,
the shoot this thing on around the country.
At least in the swing today, if anyone-
Unbelievable.
Now, what other thing?
Do you know who can stick?
Every one of these people who talk about Bush or defend Bush are all religious-
free-commands.
Every one of them can call for their-
there's other broads, you know, from-
They-
It's the Triple R.
Republicans, religious-free-s, and rednecks, man.
They're all like-
Every one of them, every would-
John O'Neill, every one of these people-
Yeah.
You have to ask in one question, are you religious-freak?
Every one of them.
Well, take a look at the-
Matt, take a look at the red states.
I've been telling you that for a long time.
That's where it's at.
It's rednecksville.
But supposedly like the-
And culture and that other broads that you were talking about-
Or Abram, he-
Yeah, sir.
He-
They're not-
They're not-
They're not-
They're not supposedly-
They're left-coaster or-
Or-
New York people, you know, they're not-
Red states.
But meanwhile, they still-
So we're going to have choice for President among people living there are Starbucks-
Here in 53, Bush, 43, N-1.
Let's fill the whole bunch more Starbucks before-
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Uh, no, but you-
You'll get some more calls on this channel.
But if you live near a Walmart, Bush, 53, carry 41, N-1.
These-
These are the kind of polls they're taking.
Well, they say religious is 80-20.
They say religious is no-
If you're religious, it's 80% Bush 20% carry.
Okay, most of our-
That's just-
Our Walmart.
Fascist and trailer trash.
Uh, it's unbelievable, Neil.
Good luck, Pallee.
Good luck, Rob.
See you at the Victory Parade.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Either see at the Victory Parade or in the ovens, one or the other.
Let's see.
Mike says you're a smart man.
You must have the reason you have pulled questions out with me in three of your favorites
because you lost all the Republican.
Oh, geez, Mike.
What a shame.
I'll be a benefit for Russia.
You're a Schmidt at the same poll.
You know, who the hell cares?
Who the hell can-
I hope you'll be taking calls on Wednesday.
Yes, we will be taking calls on Wednesday.
Mike, as if to suggest, oh, well, we know Bush has got to win.
Let's see what you have to say then.
You know what I'm going to say if Bush wins?
Oh, my God.
That's what I'm going to say.
I'm going to say, how's it going, eh?
We're having dinner last time.
Me and two friends at a local restaurant here in Toronto.
And there was a Canadian to a couple and a friend of theirs.
People in their mid-fifthies.
And they were talking loudly enough.
You couldn't miss the conversation.
And it was exactly what almost everybody here in Canada knows.
And every civilized country around the rest of the world knows.
But for some reason, half of America just can't seem to grasp on.
Everything they said was right on target.
Including how many stupid, uneducated people are on the U.S. of A.
who haven't got any idea where Iraq is even on a map.
They couldn't fight it with both hands up their hands.
Let's see.
Here's the real.
The most chronic facts of all.
Let's ask a favor of your show tomorrow.
Please screen calls tomorrow.
But with the 2000 lesson fee, I'll go all the colors.
Or we're telling you they voted wrong.
Oh, it says, with the way you handle calls now, we won't get the point.
That's a good idea.
Josh?
Huh?
Where are you going?
Yeah.
There will be a lot of crack going on tomorrow.
Democrats will be calling you, okay, that's a very good idea from our most chronic
facts of all, but he's got a good idea.
We will be screening calls so we can show him.
Because I remember last time in 2000, that woman called from Palm Beach, who said,
oh, gee, I think I just voted for Pat Buchanan.
Remember that?
Yes.
Well, we're going to be getting some more of that crap tomorrow, including some dark folks
are going to be telling us that they got dragged away and changed.
You'll see.
Just keep yourself on handy.
19 till known at 560 WQIA.
It's always a great time to call this number 1-800-Mafras.
Now's an even better time because the Alamakras is slicing prices on certain
mattresses.
Call 1-800-Mafras right now.
Save it additional 20% off their super low factory direct prices.
On top quality, certain perfect flavors only at the Alamakras.
When you call 1-800-Mafras, perfect flavors only at the Alamakras.
When you call 1-800-Mafras, you'll get same delivery all across town.
And you pick that 8-10 tap or deliver to fit your schedule and that's who our window
is convenient for you.
The Alamakras is mighty proud and audibly of that.
On time, 99% record.
Now the Alamakras rank number 1-1 customer satisfaction.
There were one is the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Thorts of Excellence Award.
All the smart folks and some of the dollars even are smart enough to call 1-800-Mafras
instead of wasting their time and money in those betting and department stores you
ought to be doing the same.
If you have a need today for new betting, don't put it off another minute.
You'll have a great night's sleep tonight.
I'm a certain perfect sleeper and for years to come from the Alamakras.
You can check them on the wicked web at mattress.com and then make that easy call like I've
been doing for years.
1-800-Mafras.
1-800-Mafras.
You'll have a sleep tonight.
I'm not worried about a son of an lad.
It's kind of one of those exaggerations.
Of course you'll worry about a son of an lad.
We're on the hunt after a son of an lad.
We're using every asset at a disposal to get a son of an lad.
I don't know where he is.
You know, I just thought I'll spend on this time on it.
It would be honest that you know, I don't know where he is.
I repeat what I said.
I truly not that concerned about him.
Daddy, you suck me.
My short, daddy.
And yet, this chance brings a no.
Daddy, you lose her.
You said here from heaven and she's bad as little girl.
I would definitely not.
My dark heart has a shine.
I think mommy cheaps on you.
Why is the man there all these years?
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
And what about the boy kisses at night?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked the time to take her to college.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a toast for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have to sit for a while.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Dad, I asked the news.
I'm a lesbian.
That couldn't be Mary Chania recording that song.
Could it?
I thought it was.
It's that bull-backed daughter of the rice president
and his lovely self-hating wife.
It's 11.49.
I'm loving to loon a few.
I'm overgifted.
Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog was on a way to a metal land
and a new joysie for nights lost to the jazz.
And then at four o'clock we got the big...
Oh, hours and hours because he is really rock solid.
They don't mistake about that.
Plus we don't like guilty no more.
We don't want too much guilty on it.
I thought he used to be doing all that
to dolphin pregame stuff.
Then he used to read that.
Oh, he used to.
So in which he's been banned from that
and he's been assigned to the hurricane
and losing, well, I don't make too much difference now.
Anyway, the electoral vote prediction that we got on there
it shows Carrie 298.
It's on our website and you can go state by state
and see the latest polls.
Many of which were over this last weekend.
Or did the October 31 in other words yesterday?
Carrie 298, Bush 231.
And again, all the painting of what he believed is,
as of this one, Carrie 48, Bush 47% in Florida.
I mean, tighter than a witches butt.
Minnesota though, which was real close,
Carrie opened up a five-point lead there.
Iowa, Carrie, Carrie 6.
Point and according to this, Wisconsin.
Now, see, here's the one.
This was October 31.
The Gallup poll that he'd shown on CNN,
which they'd actually show all the polls were bushes ahead
because they're in bed with the right wingers.
That poll shows an eight-point lead for Bush in Wisconsin.
This one shows Carrie 51, Bush 44, Michigan.
Seven-point lead now for Carrie,
whereas supposedly Detroit News, which is a right-wing rag,
had Bush and Michigan on the river believe that.
Maybe they're going to keep all in dark folks home and Detroit.
That's what they said.
Got a suppressed head vote in Detroit.
Ohio 4846, Carrie, Pennsylvania,
which again, the Gallup people are telling us
that Bush has five points ahead there.
This poll shows Carrie 50% and Bush 46.
Hey, following that?
New Mexico tied dead even 49 a piece, Colorado.
Bush 48, Carrie 47.
That is tighter also.
How do you like that?
So 298231, and speaking of numbers,
that poll they had about all depending on the kind of music
you like, who you favor politically.
Right.
The counting music number, 64% for Bush 31% for Carrie.
You, what is it all coming from?
It's coming from them red states.
Them Yahoo states, then nose picking, tobacco chewing,
sister banging, red necks.
Let's see, here's a fact from Frank who says two things
are never mentioned when speaking about Haliburton.
As I understand it, number one, they're a contractor.
What they do is take a check from the government,
take out their profit, then some contract
out the actual work of other smaller companies.
What this means is that the government could say
they have a whole lot of money by doing its own contracting.
And two, in the movie, Furnite 9-11, Michael Morgan of Hughes
is a soldier who was discussing the fact that these civilian
contractors were getting paid five times as much as the soldiers
doing the same jobs.
If the government can pay contractors these outrageous sums,
why not offer to volunteer on forces which in itself
would create interest in the military because the vice president
has no interest in that.
He can't make no money off of it.
Here's the fact this city.
I wish somebody had the ballstack's book publicly if he believes
in evolution, you know he can't alienate the religious right.
Well we don't want to be putting him on the spot.
You have to crank up that radio transmitter again.
Jay Lyon says, could you please play the girl with emphysema?
Oh God, you are beyond clients.
Let's get a lot of 28,000 calls in the next eight minutes.
What do you say? Real short ones.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the A.
What is it Verizon Singular Wireless Lyons?
Line 9, QA and hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I was watching, you know, the talking head shows over the weekend.
Right.
And they were both talking about this thing that supposedly Kerry had said
in an interview back in 2002 that he supported Bush sending the Afghan warlords
against Osama bin Laden.
Yeah.
Well this morning on mediamatters.org they have the actual transcript of that.
And it says nothing like that.
It was a guy, it was a caller that asked him about using flame throwers.
They have the entire conversation.
By aiming.
Yeah.
It has the entire conversation there and it's nothing.
But they do that all the time just like this business about passing a global test.
We had a pass event and he's Kerry has made it clearer.
Many times they, that was from the first debate.
They took that out of context and then they keep using that over and over.
So because basically the only thing you notice Bush talks about is the $87 million first he was forward
and it was against him and he was a bat and then plus the fact that he's a bad man
and he can't be trusted and he's going to be weak on terror.
That's all he talks about.
He can't doubt anything on his own record because in every single area from the economy
to the environment to foreign policy, to foreign relations with every country in the world,
he's failed.
He's got an F-grade and every other issue so all I can do is do personal attacks.
But it was like Chris Wallace and Tim Rutscher were reading the Republican talking points about this
and ignoring what was actually said during this interview.
We got a good one.
What do you like Tim Ruts' from Buffalo?
What do you expect?
Well, it's just like anything Bush does they approve of.
They all said that Osama tape was going to be a plus for Bush.
Have you noticed a nice pastel background in that?
I think that Osama probably recorded that in Riyadh or maybe even in Hollywood in the nice studio somewhere.
Look at the pastel background on the Oprah show to me.
He might have been in the West wing of the White House for a while.
So it'd be sitting right there next to the NRA people.
But it didn't work out because all the polls since then have moved towards care.
The only thing that affected is to remind everybody that we really did fail in getting in that he's still alive and well.
He's doing just fine and he's getting new recruits every day by the thousands because of this rack attack.
In which the few of his Saudi buddies over there.
Let's see the Dow actually is up, oh yeah, down to $50 and 10 set what a bargain now.
Is they're trying desperately the Dow's up 36 and the Nasdaq up 5.
But you know something, it's still not going to help too late.
Right, exactly.
And did you do the boat show?
I mean a classic example of just total often dangerous greed.
You see all these big huge shots of at the boat show.
Yeah, I wonder who they're for.
Yeah, exactly.
And then there's the thing is, but those guys you want to raise?
Oh, come on, I just got to be a joke.
That's right.
Yeah, that's it.
Good luck, Pali.
Sorry buddy.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Thank you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, we're near how you doing, sir.
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I just wanted to thank you for that great link on your website,
the Electoral College projector.
Right.
It's really good.
And I just checked it about 20 minutes ago.
And I need you 231 for Kerry.
Yeah, but the author of the site came out and gave a little bit of background on himself,
where he got the data from, and I just wanted to pass that along.
So, if you go on a state-by-state, he actually shows you, if you read the tiny print there,
whether it was ZIGB or American research, or which point he's referring to on each state.
So, it's not like he just picked the numbers out of his book.
Oh, no, no.
I mean, they have a section called meets-of-vote map, where he lives in the Netherlands.
He's a computer professor, and all he does is crunch data.
So, he likes to get into it, and he puts it out there for a while.
He came to a mushroom room.
That's what he does.
Okay, thank you, Larry Pally.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Yeah, it's a great website, and there's got to go on there and see all the uphills in each state state.
It's got a lot of time.
You have, like, no life.
I have no life.
1157 at 560 WQA, and you want to know more about following a low-carb diet.
You want to know about the best-tasting, biggest-lusted low-carb foods at the best price.
You'll fly them all in one great story, the lights of Westboker.
Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, the Sugar Busters, the Skatkins, the Southpeach,
any of those low-carb sugar-free diets, the lights of Westboker has always been and continues to be the number one low-carb store anywhere in South Florida.
Now, you can pick up some things in your supermarket that got about a quarter of a shelf, way off in a corner somewhere.
That's got about 10 low-carb items on it.
Forget about that.
If you want a great store that's totally dedicated to you and your low-carb diet, and that has people working in it who know low-carb dieting inside an oath, and this is the place.
The lights of Westboker's got over 1200 products, like carbolite ice cream, reds, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and lots more, too.
They're open every day, seven days a week, from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them full free if you'd like to get more information at 1-877-Low-Carb. That's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on a web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
There's only one Delights of Westboker, and it's your official Atkins retail center.
You are the center of the global media, Rogers. And, exclusively, I'm Vice-S again, and you're in.
I am Frao Uniana, Ross Latman, and I like scrubbing my stomach really fast with soap made from Jews, and listening to the new Ro-K, a Munista hour.
Like I am!
Wooo!
Wooo!
I'm dying out of here!
We're about 10 years too late, yet that's when things were great.
When things was president, okay, was innocent, but we can still see friends, and keep us in budget, really editing to life.
And there was no bend yet, never heard about being locked, washed away with all we did in the black.
We still care about the time, and life has taken us, and all that great news ain't.
Yeah, you could take your pick, like it was sent from God no stone, no patience, no respect, no respect, no respect.
I saw it, but no wishes, or duties, that granny was a cutie, there was a land, this more heavy, and Julius, but from life, nothing, there's f**king, we're smashing.
The fee was traction, but nothing, why feels right, since 1919, 1919, 1994.
1919, 1994.
You know where Raya and Whitney, they beat the piss up right now, we still had some easures, but also there was, we certainly had so feet, be hot and, yes, she was super cockin'.
I wonder if she's in my best, 1990, 1995.
No.
Club all three of five, 60 WQ, I'm happy Monday, the day before day, and for right wing, Mike out there that sent that cost of face,
wants to waste your time sending the same facts to Rush, and some of the other right wingers that you're so intended with, and G Gordon Litty, and Oli North, and the Schmidt-Mist, and all these other right wingers, you know, comprised about 90% of what's on the year, 95% of what's on video.
See, I don't really care if we drove away right wingers, because first of all, people like you, Mike, you're still out there, and if you've got an arbitrage diary,
and are you July, being the good honest right winger that you are, you'd say that you're listening to something else, when you're listening to this show, of course, religiously, and wouldn't miss a minute, because you're monitoring.
They're not listening, they're monitoring.
544 votes on the full so far, already voted for Kerry 223, will vote for Kerry 221, will vote for Bush 32, already voted for Bush 22, so it's 81.5% to 9.8%,
can't vote 19, still low-cubish mid 12, won't vote 6, I'm decided 4, already voted for Nader 3, and will vote for Nader 2.
4 more, please.
Those 5 idiots, I guess they just like an exercise, because they know it's going to have no impact, it means nothing other than just wasting their time.
Wait till you hear this, to show you how desperate these people are, desperate, they must be scared of death, that they're going to lose, which I think they are.
Columbia, South Carolina, a phony letter circulating in South Carolina is being denounced as an attempt to intimidate minority voters,
the letter supposedly comes from the NVA-ACP, it says voters who have outstanding parking tickets who are afraid of the pay child support will be arrested, if they show up to vote.
Got that?
Ha ha, nice.
The Reverend Joe Derby, Vice President of the Real South Carolina NVA-ACP, called it old South Carolina politics, and said he doesn't think people will fall for it, but he does want investigation.
Derby said he received the letter as home in Charleston, had Columbia postmarked with no return address, he said the letter was an attempt to scare minorities from voting tomorrow,
because the author of the message assumes black people are in trouble with the law.
The letter also said voters must have a credit check, provide two forms of photo ID, a Social Security card, a photo registration card, and a handwriting sample, and two pounds of watermelon.
Registrar said that's untrue, what's needed is a voter registration card, or a state driver's license, or a state issued by a D-card period.
How do you like that?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I guess just to make sure I got it huh yeah thanks Josh yeah thanks a lot Josh let's see see case as your website gives insight to the
amendments of what I want all the bond questions I don't move the room I don't know do you know of course not is there what about
Julian bond and what about Ward bond today's bond very bonds bobby bonds he still did you can write him in
so here's the update okay I did he with one day to go president Bush and democratic senator john carry our
tied nation wide and a tense race for the White House but but carry leaves in six of the 10 battleground
states according to the Reuters zombie polls released yesterday the last polls carry and Bush were
tied at 48% in the latest three day national tracking pool which included one day of polling taken after
the airing of the video tape from Osama Yamama carry lit Bush 47 to 46% on Saturday only two
percent of voters remain undecided as Bush and carry scoured about 10 remaining battleground states
to find a 270 electoral votes they need to win tomorrow each man is consolidated his own
base post to john's log we said Bush has good leads in the red states among investors and among
Republicans born again Christians men and married voters he said carry has a solid lead in the
blue states and Trump's Bush among young voters African-Americans his spanics overwimming by the way
Democrats women union voters and single people carry leads in Florida Iowa Michigan Minnesota
Pennsylvania and Wisconsin Bush leads in Colorado Nevada and Ohio according to the Reuters
obi state polls the state of Mexico is deadlocked at 49% each one day after Bush had a nine point
advantage most of the leads in the 10 state polls were within the margin of error plus or minus 4.1 the
biggest leads in any state were carry seven point advantages in Michigan and Wisconsin while
Gallup on CNN the strategy that was constant Bush's down the point lead according to these people
Reuters and the Zogby a seven point carry lead in Wisconsin in the national poll burned it
oh this is unbelievable Bush earned a positive job performance rating from 46% of likely voters
and a negative rating from 53% carry had a 51 to 40% age among newly registered voters and
unpredictable groups that could be a wild card tomorrow depending on how many acts they turn out to vote
at this stage they disputed 2000 election Bush led Al Gore by two points in the daily tracking
poll the national poll of 127 likely voters were taken Thursday through Saturday the rolling
poll ends today's I guess when we wake up in the morning there'll be one more got it got it
the national polls are independent candidate Ralph Nader blamed by some Democrats from drawing
the votes from Gorda Costa in 2000 with 1.2% the polls are about 600 likely voters in each of the
battleground states were taken Thursday through yesterday in Colorado Bush 48 carry 47 and Florida
carry 48 Bush 47 in Iowa carry 50 to 44 in Michigan carry 52 to 45 in Minnesota carry 49 to 47 in
New Mexico tied at 49 in Nevada Bush led 50 to 44 in Ohio Bush 48 carry 44 Pennsylvania carry 50
and Bush 45 in Wisconsin carry 51 Bush 44 that they're all over the place so basically all
depending on what you're hoping and praying and squeezing for tomorrow you can pretty much find
the polls for almost every one of these states to say oh yeah you're guys ahead now this to me
may be the most significant because when you're starting to find people who otherwise don't show up
in these stupid ass polls then it starts funny a little bit more polling for Amzad be international
and partner rock to vote found Massachusetts senator John Kerry leading president boy 55 to
40 percent among 18 to 29 year old likely voters in their first joint rock to vote mobile political
poll conducted on mobile phones October 27 through 30th. Nader got 1.6% 4% undecided the poll
is centered on the subscribers to the rock to vote mobile platform a joint initiative of rock to
vote in Motorola it's got a margin of error 1.2 points the poll also found that only 2.3% of 18
to 29 year old respondents said they don't plan to vote another half of 1% weren't sure if they
would the results of the survey are weighted for region gender and political party the rock to
vote mobile political poll was conducted using a sample group from rock to vote's models 120,000
subscriber base participants in the rock to vote mobile platform a civic engagement initiative
launched last March by rock to vote in Motorola respond to this poll between October 27 and 30th
which is I'm sure what I just got through reading like two minutes ago the results of this text
message full mirror what we're seeing in our more conventional poll said john zogby among 18 to 29
year olds care elites the president by 14 points 55 to 41 in our current daily tracking pool virtually
identical to these results our text message pool seems to have been validated by this experiment
all in all I think we've broken some new ground in polling officials of the nonpartisan rock to
vote praise the joint effort was I've been Motorola the text message full Marseille departure from
current industry standards for polling of promises to be the first step toward addressing the
growing number of Americans who rely primarily if not solely on mobile phones thanks your question
Josh since you had no idea what that was well now I know now you know see I learned something
all right it's not even 12 30 and although we'll be soon and then before we know to be 130 then go
home 56705 60 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines w a m hello hello
he was up a black nass w a m hello
q a m yeah how's it going all right okay let's say I was at the Hollywood courthouse yesterday
really voting I got there at two o'clock I voted at eight thirty last night yeah
unbelievable but listen here's the worst thing these wish supporters that are signing yesterday
who would have saw my vote for so I went to the guy and I was like I say what is your problem
I was like is this what I think you're telling out you you want you really care who a
summer wants to vote for I mean is these people are so I can't even think of a war for them but
that's the mentality they have a big spray painted banner w and w jp or whatever who would a
summer vote for oh yeah closing you can't spill scum without you m all right nice job
don't tell me they really lost that came to a little tiny girl school in North Carolina that
never meet in the top five team is that really possible or at least what used to be a top five
team that's bad sounds like you're rooting against our boys yeah hey they're not my boys are they
your boys that's right you guys you just suck along for whatever so you will get over for the
hurricanes I do you do why did you go to school there no so why did how do you like them I've
lived down here I went to school of Michigan state that I'll even admit that today how do you
like that even after the embarrassing unbelievable hose job they're on a Saturday it was
incredible you were you were for the Patriots yeah so why not all right well you know live there some
who know you don't understand protein pro is different college team you were for college team
based on what you went to school or not or you maybe some of your family did or you have some
connection to it or unless maybe just take them like boys and like Notre Dame please don't tell
me like Notre Dame no oh I'm Irish but I hate you oh my god the only team with their own network
okay the Pope saw it or that to make sure they had their own damn network the only college team is
80,000 college teams in America but only Notre Dame's got its own national network in crisis
at the Pope once you know the fixes in 1213 at 560 like Lindsey Graham that drooling Yahoo from
South Carolina said all the problems in the world is all about religious fanaticism religious nuts
like that Muslims Orthodox Jews and of course born again fanatical Christians and when you
shop for quality food we're a great selection professional service there's only one place you need
to go brandy shoes and pompey no beads that's corrected brandy you'll find the biggest
selection of men's and women's shoes the best service and the best part prices in town period
and all the top names in the business is what we're talking about rock port four shine SAS
very timidly naturalizer and lots more and people usually buy several turonies visit because
you can't beat the deal all the way around brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9
to 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 and you'll find brandy's in the same great location they've been doing
it right for years and years there are 1290 North Federal Highway and pompey no beads it's
always worth the trip to stock up for your feet and right now is the great time to buy floor
shine shoes all this week at brandy's because all great men's styles are 20% off the already low price
so be sure to come into brandy's this week or visit them on the wicked web at brandy shoes dot com
you're listening to Neil Rogers it's literally on 5.8
they're all fine
thank you baby
you
campaign
He had his father last month back in South Cape, where he screamed at the time of rehearsal, got his way.
He had a nishie getting all that big while he swore to the brothers who he had with full of his way.
It wasn't his heart that stopped him from his head, but his heart was screaming at his face that all ran well.
Look at him now, look at him now, he had a countdown.
He just made a roll, there he was getting chillin' in here again, off the end called the Spring Sows of Call.
People's a pyrrhol, pyrrhol, and angry, and angry, one by one he's having two lots of jobs.
You know that another guy who we smacked and now he's attacking the downer like a bitter, angry she was.
And I'm dating following a boy who wants to run through her to find a willing kid who lost his gun.
Because he says all she does is listen through her shows and this is agrobating from the said-to his drugless girls.
He's such a man, rocking again, maybe a few months' time.
He's such a pyrrhol, there he is getting chillin' in here, really, really, really busy, and he's having so long.
He's such a pyrrhol, there he is getting angry, and he's getting angry, one by one he's having two lots of jobs.
You know that he's having two lots of jobs.
You know that another guy who wants to run through her to find a willing kid who lost his gun.
You know that another guy who wants to run through her to find a willing kid who lost his gun.
You know that another guy who wants to run through her to find a willing kid who lost his gun.
He used to be a jolly fellow, but he just took it all, there he is getting chillin' in here, and I think I love your brain cells at all.
You're just a pyrrhol, there he is getting angry, and he's getting angry, one by one he's having two lots of jobs.
From 19 to 560, nobody came, speaking of gay, how about the defensive back for the Patriots at number 21?
What's his first name? Do you have any idea?
Slips my mind, I do.
Yeah, but you know I'm talking about it.
Yeah, he got hurt.
I ain't played a really good game against the death of the previous week, but yesterday, I mean, he got burned so bad that they had to take him to the intensive carry room for the burn center.
Did you see any of that game?
Yeah, he got hurt too.
Oh, he did also?
Yeah.
Well, maybe that's a good oldman for next week, because he was really...
FAMING Gay!
How'd you like to be in the NFL and have a last name, Gay?
Can you imagine the crap that he must have?
Hey, Gay!
Anyway, 5-6-7-0-5, hey, so they stumped you in that, okay?
You're not that no team is going to win every week except, of course, those dolphins from 72.
Just a man dog will tell you about that.
After we've spoken about Michigan.
That's it right now.
The Spartans starting quarterback, who's a real stud, I figure, what his name is.
What does his name do with something like that?
If he wouldn't have got an injury, they'd have kicked Michigan's ass right there in the air, but they'd sent them packing.
But WQA, and hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Good afternoon to you, sir.
I was wondering if you could do a public service for me last week, you and George,
well, yeah, George, run down the amendments and with the vote and not vote on it.
And I remember some of them and I don't remember all of them.
No, yes, yes, yes.
Sorry, sir.
No one the first three, yes, on the other five.
No one the first three, and yes, on the other five.
That is correct.
Okay, thank you very much, sir.
One more thing I'd like to say.
Can I ask you your audience after, sir, I am a disabled person, I have a bad spinal cord injury.
And I was wondering what the procedure is if there is anything for disabled people at the voting polls tomorrow.
If anybody out there in the listening audience could call back in and let us know.
So if I can't stand and wait in that line and long, I mean, it would be a powerful...
For sure.
Okay, we'll find out for a second.
Thank you very much and don't feel free.
Mr. Rogers, thank you very, very much.
A long time listener and don't ever leave the OAS Airsoft Ford, I'd be lost without you.
I'm never leaving, just out of spite.
Thanks, sir.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 8, let me say it again on those eight amendments.
And I've gotten from some doctors, there was one this morning for the show which I won't waste time reading.
You're not going to sway me, okay?
I'm for the victims of malpractice, okay?
I don't care if they sue you or ask for $83 million.
I'm so sick and tired of butchered doctors I've had so many bad and just me one person.
Plus, I know a lot of other people who have had the same kind of experiences, especially a Florida,
we're finding a good doctor's like looking for a needle in the gigantic humongous haystack.
Everybody's a doctor, everybody in their brothers is a doctor, everybody's got to shingle up on the office, okay?
And like I said last week, I'm not crazy about lawyers either but at least generally speaking,
most lawyers don't kill anybody.
Most lawyers don't amputate the wrong leg.
Most lawyers don't take out your gallbladder when you're there for like a transselectomy, things like that.
So don't give me a solid an answer doctor like that one I got this morning.
Good luck to you.
I wish you all the success.
Maybe try a barbarous intervention, I wouldn't trust them on the sharp object.
5670560, 0560 and even rising in singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
My name's Awww!
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Did you hear that on Howard this morning someone had a report that said they had brand new voting machines delivered somewhere.
They didn't know where and right out of the box they already had 2000 votes for Bush audible.
Uh-huh.
Well that's the present start program.
Yeah I guess so.
I'm going to be a perfect fix again.
There's a new poll from Minnesota, 52 carry 44, 1% for NATO that's the CNN USAG Gallup.
So you can add about three or four points to the lead for a carry because their gallops right wing always has been.
So the way the Gallup poll works they go on to interview 100 people, 75 of them are Republicans, 20 Democrats and 5 of the independence.
And then they say well here's what our poll shows.
They've been doing that as long as I can remember my whole life because George Gallup who's now pushing up daisies was a real real uh-right winner.
And CNN in the lowest they always put that guy in there that tall boring looking guy who looks like a born again like he's hypnotized.
Have you ever noticed that about the born against how they all look like they're uh- they have the deepwreck who lies they all look like they've been hypnotized?
That was George's look a while back right?
And you want to know why because they all been hypnotized.
Oh and at show on CNN that I mentioned before they religious nuts.
They showed and I've never seen it before my luck to show you how sheltered I am thank goodness from all of that crap.
I bet you Miguel went through it when he was a little shy.
They showed the baptism.
You baptized?
Yes.
Oh my god how sad.
How old would you by 20?
No.
A little baby.
And the priest is standing there in the water up to his puppet and he's got the big white robes on it.
Like they leave these in the water.
He was standing in the water and this one okay?
Well that's some weird other crap.
I don't care what it is but this uh-gette he was standing there with a big white robe on in the water up to his knees and he's got these lined up for the kids.
And these were babies either these were like little kids because they have to be born again.
Yeah no that's a born again.
And they showed this little girl that's right.
Excuse me.
The Catholics they just take a little teacup and they school it on your head looking like a godfather.
Right.
But in any rate in their share they put this over to the curtain and they show them under the water for a second to come back.
I mean it will come on.
Come on.
They're throwing you for a little while and they let you back up.
Stop. Stop with the nonsense okay?
And they had this little girl on there with this born again Christian family that we're interviewing.
And you talk about brainwashing and she's going to, well if you don't believe in the Jesus he's the only way you're going to go to hell.
You're going to burn the hell.
A little girl about I don't know, eight or nine years old I guess.
They told her about it.
Nasty miserable little sow.
Good God she needs an exorcism right now.
See I remember back in the day when I used to do the guest and all those boring shows years ago.
But it was very popular topic, deep programming young people from Cults.
You don't hear too much about that anymore.
But once upon a time with the moonies and all these other cults and Jim Jones and the Kool-Aid.
And we have to, we have to deep program our young people from these cults.
Well guess what I don't see any difference except that the so-called mainstream religions are much better at making money.
Recruiting members and making money and brainwashing people a thousand times better than the cults.
You try having an intelligent conversation with a born again Kool-Aid.
Well with any of these or with the Orthodox Jews or with the fanatical Muslims, with any fanatical group.
And at least the Muslims are looking forward to the seven virgins.
They got something they're working on right?
But the born again Christians, they're all going to be waiting for their vature and their vays are coming.
And this little girl, she was everything that's wrong with a mirror.
You are a demon, Roger.
What's the situation?
What's the problem with any fanatical women?
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Oh.
I suppose it will shelter that project area.
And too much of rise to this cost of the shame.
You let those soldiers in the name and get away.
And shifted the blame.
You said God was saying.
We are through pying our wrath.
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're going home and looking for our wrath.
We're not through pying our wrath.
We've been told that this is all having fallen in jail.
Our eyes spread through the world.
The good point of view.
The blood bloody prophets are only just begun.
For they be our enemy and our burden.
The disease and the heart gets too dark.
And with ruling mudwats, these dwarfless guys can advance their trips to Cyprus,
and must be for prison run.
They believe in the old who is Jesus Christ.
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
What's going on with this wrath?
We're not through pying our wrath.
The following told me, why do you hate so many big things?
It's hard work, it's hard work.
Goodbye, Moses hard work.
And go on a hard work.
I see on the TV screen how hard it is.
Abu Gharram.
Come 32.562, we got almost 700 votes.
6.91 already an hour and a quarter.
How do you like that?
That's pretty heavy duty, you know?
Yeah.
Which of these applies to you?
Will vote for carry 284 already voted for carry 278,
80 point to 81.2%.
Will vote for Bush 45 already voted for Bush 25.
That's 10.1%.
Can't vote 21.
Still don't give a shaman 17.
Won't vote 8.
Undecided 5.
Will vote for native 4 already voted for native 4.
8 idiots.
8 people are just went for a little exercise,
I guess, in fresh air.
Now.
Wait a year this one.
A sheriff spokesman in a county attorney later said that
FPD was enforcing an, oh, look at this.
I guess you got to read the headline.
This is a very poorly written Palm Beach Post,
what do you expect?
Deputy tackles and arrest journalists for photographing voters.
A sheriff spokesman in the county attorney later said that
FPD was enforcing a newly enacted rule from election supervisor
that bids to resell a poor permitting reporters from interviewing
or for photographing voters on up outside the polls.
But the arrest your expressions of outrage
from leading Florida civil liberties expert
and even more from one of the poorest fellow county election supervisors.
When deputy Al Chinkway, I have no idea,
C.I.N.Q.U.E., which would be Chinkway in the Tadiana,
trying to grab Henry's camera.
Henry ran about 100 feet across the pavement on the side of the
elections office before he was tackled by the deputy.
See what I mean?
And who now is Henry?
See how poorly this is written?
This is obviously the guy's name,
but this is written so poorly and so hastily.
Chinkway yelled at Henry, hold still,
stop moving after he pinned Henry on the pavement,
punched him in the back, grabbed Henry's arm,
left arm to put a handcuff on his wrist.
I sure hope it wasn't John Henry.
Chinkway then jerked Henry 54 to his feet by his left arm
and slammed his body against a parked car
where the deputy punched him again
as Henry tried to defend himself against a rather hand
of ID cards that were later filed on the pavement.
A widely published freelance journalist
as well as a Harvard educated lawyer and economist,
Henry has written through New York Times,
watched and poached US News and World Report
in the New Republic.
A crane to his website, submergingmarkets.com,
he's working on an election year book
throughout this fall that explores how the US is falling
behind the rest of the Democratic world including countries
like Brazil and South Africa,
with respect to the practice of electoral democracy,
asked why Henry was being arrested,
Chinkway said, you're not allowed to take pictures of voters.
Henry repeatedly told the deputy,
I'm a journalist, I'm doing my job.
A Palm Beach Post reporter and journalist,
Marcus Warren of the London Daily Telegraph Witnessed,
Henry's arrested dozens of waiting voters,
Sheriff spokesman Paul Miller said
that before being transported,
they Palm Beach County jailed.
Henry was examined by paramedics
when he complained of shoulder pain.
Lawsuit, Henry's been charged with disorderly conduct,
resisting arrest without violence, Miller said,
we're not gonna let anyone interfere
with the orderly conductive lessons process here,
Miller said.
LePore refused to come to the main desk
of the lessons headquarters to comment on the arrest,
he didn't return calls for comment later on.
I can't imagine why.
One of LePore's peers, Leon County's election supervisor,
Ian Sancho called,
restricting reporters and photographers
on public sidewalks outside pulling places and outrage.
I'm shocked, the first amendment right to be there
is absolute.
Outside our early voting place,
we had Japanese journalists, the BBC,
all kinds of reporters and photographers at its statue
was based in Tallahassee.
It's a public place, a public sidewalk,
there is no statute, no law that can take away your rights
to talk to someone who's winning on a public sidewalk
as long as no one is obstructing or interfering.
Howard Simon, executive director of the Florida chapter
of the ACLU, also called Henry's arrest and outrage.
Where did Theresa LePore get the authority
to criminalize activities protected by the first amendment?
How do you like that bitch that Theresa LePore, huh?
I think the good old fashioned lynching
is an order if you ask me.
Anything that's a good idea?
Sure.
Henry was one of the original Nators,
Raiders worked decades ago with consumer advocate
Ralph Nator was vice president for strategy
for IBM Lotus, before he founded the Long Island based
SAG Harvard group of consulting firm
that focuses on technology strategy.
He continued his investigative reporting career
at the same time in 2004 publishing
The Blood Bankers, a book reporting on dirty banking
and developing countries.
The book includes an introduction
from former US Senator Bill Bradley.
The Reverend George Wilson, a Presbyterian minister
from Long Island who accompanied Henry West Palm Beach
yesterday morning said Henry was interested
in touch screen voting in Palm Beach.
County arrived to observe the process.
We flew down this morning Wilson said,
I can't believe they're treating him this way.
He was just standing there taking pictures,
lended taking photos outside in a public place,
and become a crime.
Wilson retrieved Henry's manoeuvre camera
with a large lens from the top of the trunk of the park car.
After Henry was put in a sheriff's car.
Absolutely unacceptable as what it is to resell a poor.
You're a disgrace.
Of course, he can't do us off any worse
because he already lost the elections.
See, he's a lame duck.
I think she ought to work with Blinde and Hooray
and Catherine Harris and Fanass governor Jeb.
What do you think of that?
Bitch.
Now I'm proud of surprised by this facts
from Frank and Sonny Os.
I appreciate the fact he says,
reminder John Edwards Rally 830 to 9 minutes.
What is it?
Municipal...
What is that so?
What is that that says?
Maybe.
That is municipal field, 17th and Northeast 8th Street
in Palm Pino.
Jimmy Buffett performing and with intro.
I thought Jimmy Koffa was a right-winger.
I guess so.
You?
Or he'll take the money.
Well, sir, if that's how Jimmy Buffett
was a good old Republican, I don't know.
Anyway, Frank Deez has voted Thursday last week
and I'm sure a 30-minute wait in and out
and they hit over 30 booths.
But 30, man!
That's what Frank says in Sonny Os.
Vernon with little teeny tiny handwriting
which he almost need a non-paramark telescope to read.
Does he?
Vernon, boots it up a little bit
and then I'll not your two-witted place.
Please inform your listeners that any voters
with disabilities,
oh here's the answer to that guys question.
Thank you, Vernon.
Please inform your listeners that any voters
with disabilities can still vote using curbside voting.
All they have to do is get the attention
of an outside poll worker
and inform them they would like to vote curbside
and a voting machine will be brought to them
so they can vote from their car.
I'll be working the polls this election
as an inspector.
They inform this of this for our disabled voters.
Vote carries, Vernon.
Thanks a lot, Vernon.
Be sure to fix up a lot of votes for Curie.
I mean, they're doing good job.
They look good in their attention, though.
I beg your pardon?
They look good in their attention.
Get the good head in the poll water.
You'll get your attention.
Just squeeze under a bag a couple of times, okay?
Just threaten to spill it over under ankles.
Oh, and here's from our friend Fred C.
Our own personal pollster.
Oh, weapons dust, the worries are rackies, you know,
all that they're fall off from between the uranium.
I was, ah, forget about it, don't worry about it.
You know, next year you're gonna be screaming
about Agent Orange and a lot of stuff
again since we're revisiting Vietnam.
Subproclaimed the exclusive Neil Rogers
pollster Fred C for election day, he says,
it's not quite election day,
but I'm a poll watcher,
so I'm probably on lookout for Republican dirty pictures
at a minority precinct.
Nice going, Fred.
He says they are not gonna steer at this time
unless Jebdi programs the voting machines.
Anyway, his electoral thing
which he's been keeping track of this for us the whole time
according to his extrapolations,
he has Curie winning 3-11 to 227 electoral votes.
He says the formula is quite simple.
Curie wins every gore state from 2002
and picks up New Hampshire, Ohio, and Florida,
which equals 3-11.
To watch all the talking heads acting
as if Bush is gonna win tomorrow is laughable.
Every single poll now shows a dead heat
or carry with a small lead and answers
if it's all over and W's gonna win,
talk about living in their own world.
He says there's a gale force win blowing behind John
Carrey's back no matter what they try to use against him.
It hasn't worked.
The final straw was the now meaningless bin Laden tape.
I'm being conservative in the United States.
I think Curie can also win Nevada,
Colorado West Virginia, Arkansas,
and might surprise one or two others.
I don't wanna make this too long
because then you'll trash it.
But four years ago, Al Gore was two to four points
behind all the final polls.
He won by half a point to pop it a vote.
This time, Curie has tied the final polls
which makes me think you'll win by three to four points
and come in over 50%.
I'm sure you've heard of the incumbent rule
where an incumbent never gets more than his final poll number.
Bush has never been able to get to 50%
unless they steal it, he's toast.
They're gonna have to steal it again.
In fact, that last poll that I read from this weekend
is approval rating is down to 46%.
They say if you're under 50, man, you're in deep trouble.
You got major tourists, baby.
Major tourists, even a glam understand that.
Round of history.
Middle Rogers, mornings and weekends.
And sports around the clock.
So final season.
We're here.
The Bush, pay for the move.
Descredible changing.
I'm in online.
I email the dumbermit tricks.
Now everything is fine.
I'm naked in a dungeon made for slaves.
I get whipped when I have missed the game.
Just to prove that she is my master.
I'm hangin' by my testicles for the rest.
I'm hanging on your nuts and I've been hanging
for my testicles for days.
Now I'm both a riot at decay.
Just to prove that she is my master.
I'm a riot at decay.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
My scrotum is the three and the whole set.
Now I can pull it half way up my back.
Welcome.
Welcome to the cheesest my master.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
It's 1246-14-11.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog.
It's two Mad Dog out of Widen, New York.
They're already.
I'm sure from the night's doffin game.
We got the doffins baby.
And then the big four o'clock till during the game
before the game after the game,
at the time in between each quarter,
wherever else he can be really rock solid obnoxious.
5670560, 0.560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
A federal judge this morning,
Bard Political Party Challengers from polling places
throughout Ohio during tomorrow's election,
State Republicans of course appealing immediately
from out sooner.
The order by US District Judge Susan DeLod found that
the application of Ohio's statute law
and challenges at polling places was unconstitutional.
Let me say it again.
It was unconstitutional.
The presence of challengers
inexperienced in the electoral process,
questioning voters about their eligibility,
would impede voters.
You talk about intimidation.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out
that a lot of people don't want to be given the third degree.
They're like exercising their right to vote.
Supposedly they got the ID.
They got their voter registration card,
whatever they need.
And they go there and just leave them the hell alone.
That's all.
Right?
Is that what we should be able to respect?
Should be able to.
Not having a bunch of people come and say,
oh, you look a little dark to me, boy.
Let's see your driving license
and your social security card.
And let me give them three pieces of fried chicken.
You know?
What's that?
What's that all about?
Yeah, let me dig into your bag there from vote dangles
and see what you be eating.
What's your bull crap, man?
When you black person in this country
that votes for a George Bush in these Nazis out there,
these racist bastards
were a party that's doing everything in their power
just like they didn't forget about Ralph Nader.
It didn't need Ralph Nader not to be in a race in 2000.
What it needed to be was for every vote to count.
Any political party that tries to disenfranchise voters
of any kind and tries to not have every vote counted,
there are a bunch of crooks.
Now let's face it, we know they're all of what's your crooks,
but it's just a question of degree.
They read dangerous crooks or they are not so bad crooks.
Right?
Right.
Who are the most malignant crooks
in which ones are a little bit more benign?
They'll smile at you as they lift your wallet very gently
from your back pocket.
As in both of the violent rotten bastards who are just
throwing your brains out if you look at them cross-eyed
or maybe just send your kids off to some foreign country
somewhere to have their brains blown out
or maybe just like along with a whole bunch of innocent locals
like the 100,000 Iraqi's or a dead.
Oh don't think of it in that number out there.
Government don't like it.
And that's just a modest estimate.
I told you what it was going to be months ago.
A emancipation through elimination.
How about the sign though, who would a Sama vote for?
Yeah, am I great?
How about all these stupid things?
Mineless life as a cliche.
Life is a bumper sticker.
What would Jesus do?
What would a Sama?
Who would he vote for?
I'll crack.
Give me a freaking break.
I think we got a bit on that.
I'm not so sure we can play it.
Oh yeah.
How about in time?
If Jesus walked deep for today and wanted to lose weight.
Like Jared.
To look good for that special lady on a special date hypothetical
to lose it to an exercise would be quite a feat.
Even for Jesus.
So here's the question, Jen.
What would Jesus eat?
Now there's something in here I know that I'm not my friend player.
Huh?
We're already funny.
Is it easy?
No, there.
Maybe I'll play the rest of it later on or not.
Now there's something in here.
It's a little just right over the edge.
And the way things are going lately,
we don't want to come even close to the edge.
Because we're a bunch of cowards here at QAM.
We got joy center ass.
Oh, speaking of people who got the balls anyway,
there were a few not too many.
Michael Moore.
Our favorite big fat Michael Moore.
Sam Camers had pulling places in Florida.
I know Ohio.
Good for you, you go Mike.
Limbo Phil, Phil Microwe, Michael Moore,
plans to have hundreds of cameras outside of pulling places
in Ohio and Florida on Election Day to watch for attempts
to suppress voter turnout.
You know, all you carry people out there or just the anti-boost people
whichever you feel most strongly about either way.
What you really ought to be doing is having
a watch firm at 9-11 parties tonight and on Election Day tomorrow.
All this still time.
Just crank out the old DVD and get a whole bunch of people there to watch it.
And then watch how fast they don't drive.
They like skyrocket to their nearest voting place.
I'm putting those who intend to suppress the vote on notice.
Voter intimidation and suppression will not be tolerated
more than the statement.
More now Saturday that a total of 1,200
would be professional and non-professional
cameramen, filmmakers and videographers will be
at pulling places in the two states, Florida and Ohio,
especially in minority communities, is publicist Terry Hardesty said.
Moore was in Columbus, Saturday and the United States,
part of the slacker uprising to rally.
The director of Furnight on 11 more planned to spend part of tomorrow,
Election Day in Ohio and part of the day in Florida.
Polls in both states say the race is too close to call.
There have been voting problems already in Florida.
We're 537, both supposedly tip the balance.
One Supreme Court said, stop the count.
So there you go.
So Michael Moore is doing his part.
We're doing our little teeny tiny part.
Little teeny tiny.
His Spanish are doing that part.
How do you like that?
See Miguel, your pyzons there in the Dade County.
If they were equipping so narrow-mindedness stupid,
which they are stupid, one-dimensional.
Now, you broke away from Niermo.
How come you can't get more of them to do it?
I tried yesterday. They won't have it.
They won't listen to you.
No.
Did they try to linch your ass?
Oh, yeah.
Really?
Did they threaten to take your dominoes away?
No, I keep my dominoes.
Yeah, I find them a safe place.
Yeah.
Nationally, unlike South Florida, which of course is what we know is an aberration.
An aberration.
And that's a compliment, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Rainwashed, troglodites.
Who know from nothing.
Miguel, come on east ahead.
We're never going to change.
Never, never, ever going to change.
And of course, talk about propaganda.
These people are fed a 24-7 stream non-stop propaganda.
If you delved into this, then you fell down again, had a bad messy bowel movement out of the
Southern crap.
All they hear 24-7.
So that's all they know.
Anybody else come and east to come and eat?
Well, anyway, the good news is, nationally, a nationwide Miami-Herald pool known as,
oh boy, I sure hope that those in South Florida, those Cubados, are going to get pissed off and stop buying
a whole herald.
Whatever to do.
Wasn't bad enough that the Miami-Herald endorsed John Kerry like the Sun sent a lit and the Orlando
Semmel.
And the fact that Tampa Tribune didn't endorse anybody over there in Alper right wing Tampa,
whether they usually endorse Bush even with the ant running.
Not this time.
Anyway, a nationwide pool found that 61% of likely voters who are his Spanish supported John
Kerry, giving him a substantial age in the group.
By the way, the Muslims, 10-to-1 on that pool, 10 out of a 11 Muslims, and there's like
over a million.
Got it?
Uh-huh.
Most of them in Detroit and they're born.
That's got to be more than a million.
How many million is it?
Well, we'll find out.
Maybe Josh while they're sitting there picking his nose, he'll look it up.
I doubt it.
A clear majority.
Well, now you've got to get some rest because tomorrow you've got to answer the phone, screen
calls.
So do what?
Oh, first time.
Oh, that's going to be the first time ever we hate you, screen ads not bad.
No, no, I did it for like the first week or two.
Yeah, maybe that's why we stopped him.
You were belly aching too much.
All the people that don't like the fact that we use screen us all the time, blame Josh
Cortes.
He's lazy.
That's a good idea.
We have a lot of like that, but tomorrow we'll have to do it.
I had a very good point and that is that way maybe some sane people will get through.
We've had some good calls today if I would take some, but I don't have time yet.
A clear majority of the nation's Hispanic will support John Kerry for president, a new
pool conducted for the Miami-Hirl shows, providing what could be an important dose to this
question for the White House.
With a million more Hispanic voters across the country this year than in the last election,
the high support for Kerry means that Bush and Republicans don't appear to be making
the inroads and be Hispanic both they hope for after the two thousand election.
The pool conducted for the hero by Zavi International last week shows that about 61% of Hispanic
voters nationwide support Kerry, while about 33% support Boots, Boots.
The pool and of course if you took the Cuban voter that would be even that much more
website it.
The pool of 751 Hispanic voters has a margin, an error of margin 3.7.
What this means, John Zavi said is that Kerry has done what Gordon did and secondly it's
now over 60% of a larger group of Hispanics.
The Hispanic vote is heavily in play in several key swings that says it's Florida, New
Mexico, Ohio and Michigan.
But Bush support to say that Hispanics are eager to support the president's reelection
and will ultimately play a crucial role in a Bush victory.
Yadi, yadi, yadi in a partridge in a pear tree.
Throughout the election season analysts have said that Kerry must keep Bushy support
among Hispanics to less than 35% if he's ever shot a winning election.
The pool seems to be showing him doing that just that.
He is under performance at Kerry Campaigns spokeswoman Fabiola Rodriguez Campoli.
What kind of a name is that?
Well she's got a little bit of Cybersump and her.
Fabiola Rodriguez Campioli.
We've always said that the Latin vote would help us win a race, you say.
This year about 7 million Hispanics expected a vote nationwide compared to 6 million in
2004.
Roughly we're reflecting the composition of the Hispanic population.
About 58% of the pool respondents were Mexicans, beeners, about 10% were weekends, 3.5%
Cuban Americans, 2% from La Repblica de Minicana and 26% of the nationalities like
maybe from Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia, Venezuela, places like that, Guatemala, Nicaragua.
I know I said that by like they're just like sand.
How specific are they cast out of the doing?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Have you noticed that we seem to be a little bit more away from that than we used to.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Huh?
Well they're actually like four or five anchors on South Florida Newt like on the newscast
who speak English.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
It's a new rush.
Rock-a-teln.
Rock-a-teln.
Rock-a-teln.
tasks tasks tasks tasks tasks tasks task shit the pole.
Rock-a-teln.
Well, rock-a-teln.
I want to try to help you get up to the hook.
You need to put my score sketchy as well.
I want to check it out tomorrow.
Got to go help you.
Oh GRAY philosophical car guys.
I asked him for a final fortune, be me just not the end of what does that mean?
The buttons to sing this at a mall.
That cornered Delhi, hell I think I'm in tightest sense, I can't speak English in the lead.
Are you thinking your back should roll around?
I can hear you, man, you're the gold, learn my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest, I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making mistakes then.
I got my speak English, man!
Oh, one of two of five sixty WDQAM, here's Jenny, Faxes and Jenny's obviously pissed up and fired off.
She says, a lot of bunch of hypocrites, the religious right are partnering up with the Indians and the rest of the unregulated, untags gaming industry.
You mean like Mickey Erison and those cruise ships to know where you're talking about Jenny?
Those grey brawpers, Mickey Erison and those cruise ships.
You know the ones that fix your own fire and a lot of women get raped on, things like that?
It says they also the religious right teamed up with the animal screwballs to keep slots from being trashed, helping our children in schools.
Please vote yes on four.
Absolutely.
Vote yes on amendment four several times please.
There's no reason that anybody should be voting especially, you know, let's throw about the guy who says he was from Tallahassee.
Voting against it, I don't believe it.
These are people, are all stooges.
There's stooges of a Mickey Erison, there's stooges of the Indians, there's Bahamas, stooges, all these people because they don't want the state to be able to get hundreds of millions and over a period of time, billions of dollars for education and for the racing industry.
They don't want that.
Got for a bit.
Yeah.
And again, amendment four only allows the people in date and in the brown to have their own referendums and the people within each county can decide whether they want the slots that the fair mutuals are not, which I can't imagine what I wouldn't but nevertheless that's all.
So the rest of the state, these 67 counties they divvy it up proportionately and they get the revenue for their schools, they don't have to do nothing.
They don't have any additional, and this business about violent crime and about drugs, you've got to be some kind of a moron.
There's a violent crime and drugs and all that stuff and race tracks and front-times and stuff like that, these people are crazy people.
Well, there's not because there's no flat machines right now.
Oh, that's right. When they bring in those one-armed bandits.
Exactly.
Yeah, there's a, I can tell you personally when I go to woodbinders, a hand inside each machine comes right out and grabs the money out of your hand.
That's why they call them one-armed bandits.
You have to be like a child, like a little child, to believe the scared tactics these people use.
Vote yes on an eminver, okay, several times please.
Nice going, Jenny.
Now, not so nice going on Channel 10's story about, well, this is just so typical.
After waiting in line for several hours, several voters were told late last night they'd have to come back another day to be able to cast their ballot.
Florida just can't get it right. They just can't get it right, although they sure can beat up people who come to watch the election.
And stick your ass in jail, right Teresa? You nasty smelly bitch.
Hundreds of voters showed up to vote early at Howard Forum in Health Park yesterday.
So many of that decision was made to keep the voting facility open to 11 o'clock.
You see, before I finish with this story, it doesn't take a genius to figure out.
Even the president, well, I'm getting carried away.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that this gigantic voter turnout in all of the early voting states is based on one-armed bandits.
Not that people are happy with the way things are going.
The fact that people are pissed up and fired off. They don't want any more of this crap. They've had it.
You know, when things are going along, and economies halfway decent, and people are working, and there's not too much chaos in the world, people don't think they just didn't really speak America to make the effort. They're lazy.
It's no holiday on election day, and they're just not going to bother.
But this year, nothing is keeping people back.
Even to think of people standing online for eight and nine and eleven hours, that's the vote.
That's got to tell you how to determine how pissed off the public is.
And of course, immediately, totally oblivious to this, well, we do know that his approval rating is very low. It's only 46%.
And then it'll tell you the same.
Well, 53% or 57% don't like the direction of the way the country is going. What does that tell you?
If 55% or 56% of the public doesn't like the way things are going, does any of them want another four years of the same thing?
I don't think so. Anyway, some people waited in line from early in the day to lack of the sun went down.
Unfortunately, for a group of about 50 people, the way things didn't pay off.
A mechanical problem with the voting machines, because the election workers declares down the polling place,
a group of 50 frustrated voters will have the chance to be first in line to vote today, which already took place.
Or not.
Poll workers took down their numbers and names will move them to the head of the line.
Wouldn't that why to them?
For one couple of may not be enough, they were voting yesterday because they finally won the occasion day.
Now they'll have to choose to cancel their trip or postpone it. I guess it doesn't say that here. Channel 10, they're a little slow.
Choose to cancel or postpone their trip or give it the chance to vote.
Don't see up your chance to vote, okay?
Because if you want to go on a trip, maybe a bus gets in again. The only trip you take might be to the gas chambers. All right?
To the camps. To the ovens. All you do get a free shower.
PR Rouse says over the board. Look at what's going on with all these faces. Man, back with.
Rouse says over the weekend I was driving around, so I tuned into 560 and the big.
Oh, I was talking about politics. He said, oh my God.
He says, I was going to vote for Kerry, but I'm changing my mind so I just won't vote.
Oh, my and this is this is the lunatic. This loser that we're going to have on for 80 hours today.
The big brother. Well, you know, you know what his problem is, don't you?
What's the same one that you used to have? Yeah, that's right. Orlando, Elsa, Query.
He lives in a little Havana, so you know, he can't blame you. Yeah, he's probably getting heavy day.
They probably took away his dominoes and his.
He's a pecan, you whatever he's got. They put a bunch of signs in front of his house.
Yeah, he could have put his block of mowing.
A vote for Kerry is a vote for Freedom and I voted yes for Kerry.
Nice go on PR Rouse and the big as many promises I had with him before.
I used to say he sucks on here and he's a good guy. Now I'm going to say he sucks.
I mean, you can vote for whoever you want, but to make a statement like that.
That's just absolutely unbelievable. Well, look at this thing you're sending me.
What is this about 400 pages? There's a lot of crap and I don't know.
Man, that's good. That proves what I'm telling him and people are pissed off.
They've had it and that Mike guy, he's just all he's terrified.
He's dumping in his pants every five minutes man.
Even June Allison never had a change to pens so often as this Mike guy and all the others of his ilk.
Yeah, you're going to take calls on Wednesday. Yeah, when we have president Kerry elected on Wednesday,
I'll be more than happy to take calls. Okay.
That a female factor. Good. Good. They know have time to call it and make guttable sounds on here like they're male counterparts and keep in mind that
Kerry's doing better among women than he is among men because it's that macho thing.
We got to be just like church showing. We got to be born again. We got to be macho.
Even the dolphins, man. You see that? Me get on that pole last week.
No, I heard you talk about it though. Yeah, they pulled the dolphins.
I don't know where they stuck the pole. Right.
That's so much. Yeah. Now, I'm sure they didn't talk all the players but they let you with the imprint and even once his name.
Five hours to show you. I didn't talk about a sellout. Okay. I hope you break your leg.
Shaq. I hope you go Shaq up with Jimmy Gilmer with the sugar Shaq.
You idiot. Another bush man. Why could he stop the big box? See the money. He isn't care about the about the brothers in the ghetto.
He don't care about them. All the people struggling just to pay for that gas.
By the way, and we forgot to mention here it is already after one o'clock. Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
Okay. Thank you so much. Now, let's take a look and see how they're phoning up this market.
They've been working feverishly to push that down over 10,000 and they've succeeded. It's up 25, 10,000 52.
And that is that they can't question it to 2000 yet. 1978, which is a pretty decent year of 3.73 point.
And crude oil, right at 50 bucks. You notice how it drops so fast from over 55 to just 50 bucks?
Because I'm sure that somebody we know and despise got on the full with Bandar Bush and said,
if you want to hold hands with me again, you better get that price down. What a joke.
Anyway, Harvey the procrastiner wears the rest of this. You're going to be sending me pages.
Here's one that said, I sent away from my absentee belt a month ago. I just received it this past Friday.
So now just to make sure I'm voting in person. Oh, my God. You know something.
How many times have you heard me talk about these sick bastards out there? You know the clinics?
Right. Now, this is your guy to call months. I wish George was working today. Let me forget some tomorrow, Josh.
Okay. Josh. All right. He would have his mouth full of fire.
Fat for food. Is that operations vanjury and er again?
I sent away from my absentee belt, but I just received it this past Friday. I'm voting in person.
Love fat boys, neighbor Dave.
Hi, Appaliant.
Who is so critical. I'm never going to listen to the show again.
Anyway, that's all because we just didn't want to be bothered with his crap anymore. He's out there.
Oh, I see. I didn't read the right who was temporarily listening during the election period.
PSI actually convinced the person to vote for Kerry. Who is temporarily listening? Get some mental health. Okay. Go vote again.
Just use mental illicitism. Excuse some of you for out of the first time.
Chris says, go Kerry says, so you might enjoy this. It was taped to my front door on Friday. I suspect the cook next door put it there.
I'm an atheist married to a Jew.
Oh, we have a Kerry son in the front lawn in a Mazizah on the door. Guess that makes us a prime target for this.
Says Chris. Oh, and look at this. Oh my God.
Woo.
Fear passed through in congregation.
And it's a whole bunch of stuff propaganda.
The 2004 election voter guy, the citizen leader coalition from a bunch of Barbissa and a Graham.
And it's got a list.
It says with help from you and many others, we into distribute 25 million of these voter guides to churches, mailboxes, and Christian voters across America on the first issue.
President Bush, where he stands, and said, are you partial of the birth abortion? Bush opposed Kerry, and assault on Mel Gibson for making film about Christ.
Oh my God.
Does this unbelievable or what?
What did I tell you? Just like Lindsey Graham, that drooling red night from South Carolina, said right there on the nationwide TV and for the world of see, he said all of these problems are about religious fanaticism.
And for once in his little pathetic life, he was absolutely correct.
Oh, look at that. They're the pastors.
The last film game before presidential election, the incumbent party won also. And vice versa, Kerry says that he couldn't be more thrilled.
Nice going Green Bay. Well, too bad a picture it couldn't do. But see, this we swapped it.
Because they were undefeated anyway. So we swapped. We took a papy at loss and exchange for Green Bay, beaten the red scums.
Okay, the year passed during congregation, God will hold Christians accountable for voting for elected officials who aren't following the principles and commands of God.
Oh God.
John Kerry favors gay marriages, which is a lie. John Kerry favors most of the stuff is lies.
John Kerry is an agreement with the assault on our boy scouts because they obey God.
John Kerry insists on ungodly judges who support the ACLU for anti-Christian, anti-God, anti-family, anti-bible.
A Christian cannot and should not vote for elected officials such as John Kerry, who along with the ACLU will complete the job of turning America into a pagan nation and have God turning away from us.
We're in desperate need of God to bless us, brothers and sisters in Jesus. I beg you, please do not make this horrible mistake, which you'll be sorry for when it's too late.
They are Lord and Savior moving your hearts as the Word of God can bixis to vote for God.
You ought to be convicted twice. Jesus Christ. Yeah, exactly. Crazy people.
Jesus Christ is man, the God's squad. They're out to get you. They're out to make an offer you can't refuse.
Yeah, I wish you'd seen that thing with the baptism, they shoving them kids underwater.
I've seen it.
Oh, so so sad.
The best thing is just to go to the casino and punch your guts out and have a good time. That's all I'm going to do.
I just put my blinders back on. Otherwise you get so damn angry.
Now, how come it is that people in every country except America, even countries where half of the people are demotivated, sawdust?
How come they can see through all this crap?
Huh? Like here in Canada, the election, what I think what they ought to do is let all the three countries in the world, all the democratic countries in the world vote this election tomorrow.
You know what percent? You know how many I really want to go into it. It wouldn't be like 90 to 10 per carry percent.
You heard me talk about dry concepts for 20 years. I'm showing this because I've used them in my homestrow for 20 years.
And who in their right mind would dream of using anybody else because when it comes to having your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your expensive oriental area rug cleaning, looking just like brand new?
The only thing you ought to be thinking about is dry concepts.
And keep in mind, your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs.
I'll let you know what's good in there. You'd walk on it and just grind it down in there.
By dry cleaning your carpets, which is the only people in the world to do it, dry concepts suck out even the deep dounder and the fibers your carpet are leaving them look just like brand new smelling lemony fresh.
And they clean it just an hour and a half to two hours. So you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
And no scams, no rip offs, none of these 595-per-room deals worth the end of the job. They say, oh, I'm sorry, Mrs. Pupik, but it's going to cost you like about 500 more than we told you. No chance.
Because when you call dry concepts, they give you a written guaranteed price every time upfront before they start doing this spectacular job.
Call them and date Browden Palm Beaches, tool free at 1-800-248-5071.
If you're thinking about replacing your carpeting, forget about it because they'll make even the most desperate looking carpets look just like brand new.
1-800-248-5071 around the wicked way with dry concepts.com.
Dry concepts making carpets clean and soft Florida since 1979.
You know what this means in me, Roger?
Correction, in my 60s, I'm going to say, in the 80s and the 80s.
I don't know where you better sound of the line. It's kind of one of those exaggerations.
Of course you're worried about what sound of the line. We're on the hunt after what sound of the line.
We're using every asset at a disposal to get what sound of the line.
I don't know where he is. Nora, you know, I just thought I'll spend on this timeline. I'll be honest with you.
And, you know, again, I don't know where he is. I repeat what I said. I truly am not that concerned about him.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes in the federal and state governments?
Yes. Tribal sovereignty means that. It's sovereign.
You're a year-eight. You've been given sovereignty and you're new. There's a sovereign entity.
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
A American girl. An American God who only listens to the message from the gloom of God will have their tables of life as the troops come home dead.
They find it comfort of the night. I'm under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the TV far from the liberal class under the covers you discovered.
I'm a teacher. Who would prepare to have some other do the fighting for me?
Now this country I love is occupied in Iraq. And all the suckers like me whose necks are red in the back have our tongues all placed firmly.
In Bush's big brown eye, the big mouth-cowards of the world who gladly follow lies.
Raccoon.
You know better than you.
Tutu tutu.
.
I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say.
Don't have a reader of search.
It's so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures.
It wishes to date with my finger a past.
And I tickle my brain and I'm gonna shout to a friend.
You can find all your lists but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my up past as I go through my mind's line.
So I can pull on my foot.
You proud they show the swatzen good attitude on my nuts.
The sawdys are our best friends in the world.
Not those I racked or tears.
Oi, they are an armchair or a rash.
You know better than you.
This is the two of them.
This is the two of them.
122 and 560.
And I'll come back now here.
That's where it's at.
I'm telling you, it's the only pool that you really need to look at to show the difference in America.
61% of people who prefer country music are for bush 31% for carry.
For you, it's been a need different.
The democratic national community is responsible for the country.
Thank you.
128 votes on it.
We're gonna go over a thousand again today.
Josh, it's a good day.
Pretty impressive considering we start with about 1045 today.
Right?
Not too bad.
In effect, if we're getting such a response and this pool indicates there's a lot of people who have been to a frenzy about this man.
We're mad as hell and we're not gonna think it no more.
No more.
Not that mo.
Well, I'm out here, either.
I'm gonna vote for carry 387.
Which of these applies to you?
We'll vote for carry 387.
Already voted for carry 364.
That's 80.9% that's almost 81% boys and girls.
We'll vote for bush 62.
Already voted for bush 37.
That's 10.5%.
10.5%.
Pretty tight, wouldn't you say?
Well, I see a crowd.
Who else is gonna vote on there but our crowd, right?
Can vote 32.
Still don't give a shmit 17.
Won't vote 11.
Undecided 9.
We'll vote for native 5.
Already voted for native 4.
So there's 9 of these right there.
But 9 out of 928 is less than 1%.
And you know something that's interesting because that's what he's getting in Florida right now.
Less than 1%.
As opposed to the nearly 3% he got in 2000 when he also helped us skewed up.
But like I said before, if they would just forgotten about him being in there.
If they would have just let everybody vote who wanted to vote or...
Not even allow an ed if they just would have counted all the votes that were cast.
Would have been no contest.
That's why they had intervened so desperately to get James Baker the Turret and Valder.
You know the same James Baker from Bush 1.
The same James Baker the Turret is representing the Saudi Kingdom against the families of 9 out of 9 victims.
There's another real sugar in a web pulse.
These are the people in the background.
The Bush minds their, he's just a face man.
He's just a face man.
But that radio transmitter on the back.
So they can put the words in his mind.
He's like a puppet.
But the Dick Cheney and James Baker the Turret and the Wolf of Witsons and Murture of Fruits.
These are the ones that are pulling the strings.
They knee-o-cons.
They don't call them cons for up and boys and girls.
They knee-o-cons.
Including your fat ass governor there.
Cheb the brother, some believable.
Here's a fact from Shada Mimey who says Osama would vote for Bush.
Because you remember that Bush isn't concerned with the world's summits.
He's more concerned with those halibut and contracts.
That's right.
Here's one that says, just voted for JFK.
I don't know if you can talk about this, but the front line piece on Rummy and his war.
It was just great.
He's the most dangerous after seeing this.
Between fighting with the state department and the military on whose thing is bigger.
And what time to use?
Well, it really worked great, right?
Ten more dead Marines this weekend in case you missed it.
You're saying the insurgent-stower committing 80-90 attacks every single day in Iraq.
It's the worst now it's ever been.
Also, which says the classic queen Tucker, love my bow tie Carlson,
picked Harry to win on the Chris Matthews show.
How do you like that?
Well, how about that?
And I'll tell you another one.
Even that Nazi Bob Novak that out of Valerie Plamen should be behind bars right now.
You should have ankle irons.
When the war first started, he was vehemently opposed to the war in Iraq.
But of course, because he's got to be on there doing this thing for crossfire.
And all of his other right wing of BS.
So now, of course, he supports Bush 100%.
But when the war first invaded Iraq, he was a zign in times against it.
But we're supposed to forget about that.
Because we're old and we're seen out.
And some of us get much older real fast.
You're listening to me, you people, you need to watch this.
It's pollution-like.
The fun parts to get you to see me again.
Don't lie.
All the heartburn.
Don't come to come every time I see.
Don't come to come every time I see.
It's in which.
Don't come to come.
Come to come.
Come to come.
He's president of the f**k door.
Repo, we get muscle in.
We're in our table in India.
I don't know why.
They won't want this young but not easy.
Just under the cordial.
With president of f**k, Abu Dhabi, Rims.
What the f**k?
Oh, what I get to go go to school.
And get to India, vote at home.
Why?
If you want this.
Don't come to come.
It's running stupidly.
Don't come to come.
And this is wrong in which here.
Don't come to come.
He's even.
It's over in me.
He's president of f**k door.
He has all care what it's all.
You got him here.
I hope I'm wrong.
The Christian right over us.
You and I, but you don't need to hold.
We're out of rape leader.
President of f**k door.
President of f**k door.
President of f**k door.
Point of bad news keeps coming from Iraq.
Bad news.
Kidney acres of duck at an American.
A Sri Lankan and two Arabs from their bagged that office.
Monday evening bagged that time.
The Iraqi Interminister be saying.
Minister he spoke to him for an odd non-obrural raman.
Said the abduction occurred in the capital's Al-Mun surdistrict.
A gunfight broke out during the abduction.
Killing your kidnapper in a guard said Bob Callahan.
Schultzman for the US Embassy in Baghdad.
Earlier Monday gun and assassinated two Iraqi government officials in separate attacks.
A deputy governor in Baghdad and the Interior Ministry official in Bakuba.
Northeastern to capital.
Did you say kuba?
Yeah, I'm kuba.
It did.
So there you go.
This bad news continues coming every single day.
And this is a good story.
The entire general backs Halibut and whistleblower.
This is nice and timely.
They'd be for the election.
Good for you, boy.
A senior army contracting officer who had criticized the contract given to Halibut and
had been subject to do racist and sexist work environment, her former supervisor, a retired
general says in the affidavit.
The affidavit by retired lieutenant general Joe N. Ballard.
I wonder if he's kind of a herald Ballard.
Demonstrated the integrity of but a bunny greenhouse said a returning Michael Cohen.
Greenhouse, as we know, we had the story of the other day.
Chief contracting officer for the Army Corps of Engineers has charged that the army showed
favoritism to Halibut and vice president dictated his former company and that she was frozen
out of decisions affecting it.
The work environment just made it that much more difficult from his greenhouse to take
the action she took.
She was under immense pressure to cave in.
Kind of like the big cave in in the little Havana.
Because you didn't have the balls.
That's the problem.
He used to be rock solid.
Not anymore.
Now he's just like a little wimpy girly man.
In the affidavit, Ballard said Miss Greenhouse raised African American and gender ruffled a lot
of feathers in the Corps command also contributed to this disparate and highly critical
freement she's received.
The affidavit was filed last year as part of a disciplinary proceeding against Greenhouse
in which he was exonerated Cohen, said a copy was obtained yesterday by the A&P.
An army spokesman said that pedagods in Spectral General's office was investigating the
Halibut and contracting issue and referred to call Seagun Comedy yesterday to the Defense
Department.
Spokesman Jim Turner said he wasn't worthy of the affidavit.
In other words nobody would say nothing.
Time magazine reporting on the affidavit in this position quoted in the course of the
saying, Army policy is to treat all employees fairly and with dignity and respect.
Right.
Unless the courts are going to make trouble for us.
There you go.
Not only did she have the co-homes to do it to blow the whistle but also took a lot
of crap for doing this as you'd expect.
A black woman know less.
Now there's hope for me.
Here's this could be the best story.
It's not too late yet.
Even though I'm getting another year older on Friday.
It's not too late.
This is the greatest story of my life.
There's hope.
Cleveland Clinic plans the first facial transplant.
Oh right.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Can you imagine the affidemic of them that they're going to have?
Hand of electory, your heart out for somebody else's.
But Cleveland Clinic says it's the first institution to receive review board approval of human
facial transplant for someone severely disfigured by burns or disease.
A facial transplant.
You wait and see next time I come back to town and I'm going to look just like Tom Brady.
And he'll look like you.
Well, I don't think he wants to swap.
Several independent medical teams around the world.
He looked like me yesterday in terms of the way you played.
I've taken it at.
I did eat tuck it or any.
Several independent medical teams around the world are also pursuing the procedure.
The Cleveland Clinic said it's approval October 15th and followed 10 months to debate on
medical ethical and psychological issues and has no current patients or donors for the
procedure.
Where at this point, ready to begin screening patients said Dr. Maria Semenal, the hospital's
director of plastic surgery research and training in microscopic surgery who advocated
the procedure.
Doctors at the clinic said finding an appropriate donor cadaver for the facial skin underlying
tissue might be more difficult than choosing a patient which could take up to two years.
It may not happen in our life or may happen sooner than expect you said.
She said she will tell patients there is as much as a 50% chance of failure because of
tissue rejection or other complications.
Her face transplant.
Somebody who's dead because obviously somebody living don't want to give you their face.
A lot of people are going to be blind.
Semen asks if he wants to start with a relatively simple procedure that would involve transplanting
older to skin underlying fat.
The patient's own muscle shaped the face of the patient wouldn't take on the appearance
of the donor she said.
The patient's own muscles shaped the fat.
The face.
See that?
It's about a resistance because you think you're going to look like somebody that was really
great looking and may have died in early age, horrible car records and like that.
It's not going to work.
It just cover up like blemishes and crap like this.
I'll pass.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Don't forget tomorrow we're screening calls here on the show.
The one day the poor Josh Corp.
is going to have to actually do a little bit of work there.
It's going to have to work his ass off.
He's so excited.
Mike you better be taking your weekies in the morning.
WCWAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, this is Andrew Down at the carry in office in a little Havana.
Yes Andrew.
Just wanted to let you guys know that we're doing great down here.
We're making a really strong last minute effort and preparations for tomorrow and I was
just wondering in a little Havana.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm Kai Ocho over the course of street from Versailles.
Oh my god.
I was wondering if you'd let me make a call out to anybody who's willing and able to come
down and fall in here.
We had a lot of people but we could always use some more.
Absolutely.
We're at 3510 Southwest H Street and come on down and we had a lot of stuff.
We're canvassing sign that we're waving signs.
We got a lot of stuff that we could use people for.
Excellent.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Keep it up Andrew.
Good luck.
Oh, wonderful.
Keep it up.
What?
He's across from Versailles.
Now what do you say careful for?
These are your people you're talking.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Like I said, Miguel Dose, careful.
Keep them draped strong.
Real tight.
Which of these applies to you?
Let's take a look at that pool one more time before we do the break.
Anyone know why I'm taking a look?
I got over 1,000 votes already 1,000 five.
This pool went up about 11,000.
And by my own personal extrapolation, 72 million be for carry.
You're listening to Neil Roger Edg.
Listen, ladies.
I'm a bicycle.
I'm a bicycle.
I'm a bicycle.
For you, dutch back in.
I'm a gravy.
There's ain't a place to be.
Friends, I'm in a vehicle.
I'm for me.
Four and a crest of you were sent worldwide.
You might end up in one of those naked piles.
You know, it's just just came out today.
Five, but the powerful blazing day.
Don't want to lose the game, we'll give it up you.
That ain't it said, but a criminal thing you'll do.
It's cold.
It's cold.
Look close.
On their heads, women's eyes.
Three blasts of their life.
I feel great don't go there.
Oh, 143 if I have 60 at WDQAM.
I can't believe that I think about the big guy.
What a coward.
Spineless, jellyfish.
Stand up for yourself.
Be a real man or a landowner, okay?
Don't be such a quizzling, okay?
Just because they're going to beat the crap out of you.
And kidnap your family, right?
That's that part, but close enough.
I mean, as a matter of fact, see George is eligible vote
because he's a banana boat.
I don't know what his status is, but he can't vote.
But I guarantee if he came on a year in the morning and said,
hey, I'm going out right now, I'm going to go vote for a carry.
And they called him and said, hey, we're going to kidnap your wife.
He might go vote for a wife.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the Verizon
and singular wireless lines as we approach the moment of gloom
and doom for some of them right fingers out there.
I can feel it.
You can see all the mo, can you see the way the mo is going?
Absolutely.
WQA and hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
I always hear you talking about this as a velvet cassada.
He's about like a sada.
He's still on TV down here.
No.
Yeah, I'm the Mitchell-Bate Access Channel.
I'm serious.
He goes like, really?
Like, those nature specials or like, how rainwater or a six.
Oh, that's a good place for her.
Yeah, Neil, are these four?
He's about like a sada.
Listen, um, what do I want?
I'm Wednesday when we're finally out.
So, where do this guy?
Yes.
Well, not in February 20th, technically.
Do you think he's going to start going to President
to part his left and right?
Yeah, I mean, like Clinton did.
Yeah, but Clinton wasn't as bad as this guy ever.
Oh, hey, Clinton, that was the one thing, man.
Clinton did.
It was really nasty.
I mean, forget about the BJs and stuff like that.
But the job, Pally.
Okay, Neil.
All right.
Yeah, all the Neil Nazis, I guess, are going to be like, cut loose.
Send them back to Argentina.
What is it about Argentina where they're like, well, I guess they hit a long history
of like repression in almost a Latin American country.
Lots of repression.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, and they've arisen in singular wireless lines.
Too bad they didn't repress them for making so many unwanted babies.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
That is Adorno.
Q.A.M. Hello.
A.M.
Russia is at a viewing jet.
I hope I'll be right back here with that.
Right now.
Yeah.
I just heard him like, it worked all in great order.
Listen.
What?
What have he just say?
Ah.
What have he just say?
I think he said Jeb was on with Russia.
Yeah, I heard that part.
And then he said, who?
Who?
Like that.
So who gives a crap?
Who cares about freaking Russia, okay?
Look, he brought him some of the Wells' Spirista-ish.
That might be it. Maybe Russia has given him Wilma's number, so no one will run out.
Another 20-belowning hypocrite baby, all the same.
One of them said, oh yeah, we have to worry about family values, family values.
The most dysfunctional family in the state of Florida, there's the Jebster, your fat ass governor.
It says, please play Wicked Owens out. That was going to put it again.
It's nothing even to song. We can make it happen. It's dialogue by Chicago.
Which I've been playing with kills about five minutes and it's also so timely, even in the songs like 27 years old, 30, whatever it is, 30.
About 30, man.
How long was that last break on my page here? How long was that?
That's a week break.
It's a week break? It's like a two minute break?
Well, I checked it on, but we can make it a two minute break, if you want.
You've checked one on. I checked an extra spot on it.
One on the other is it's a three minute break.
Correct. Well, that's not so weak. All of it looks like it.
Okay, so let's see.
I got to figure this out.
Five minutes on.
Okay, got it.
147, we got tomorrow screening calls because some people out there are going to want to give us a blow by blow of what's going on.
And of course, if it's like it was four years ago, I think blow would be the upper duword.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things. One, I moved from my, I've lost my Emmy too, but it couldn't afford to go easy.
So we moved Central Florida and Oak Chowby.
And there's a lot more living and breathing people living there than you would believe.
And they're raising their kids a lot better than they, they guess it used to be 20 years ago.
Yeah.
And then, and second, all as you notice, whenever you talk politics with a push of order, and you start to explain the facts to them,
they say, I don't want to talk politics.
Which is, which is code for don't confuse me with the facts, right?
Right. I heard this thing.
Our country could be so divided with killing each other, but we can't discuss it.
Right.
Is there something wrong with that point?
Well, when you're dealing with morons, they're going to have an intellectual conversation with you,
or a fact-based conversation, of course not.
Because their whole life is faith-based. Don't you understand? You got to be faith-based.
I know it. It's killing us.
Yeah. God bless us.
Amen. Okay.
Thank you. God bless us all.
Now, when I was thinking of that, on that show they had their own CNN about religious and nuts in America,
which isn't what they called it, but that's really what it was.
And they showed the thing in Florida, speaking of fat ass, yeah, bush, about the faith-based prison.
How does he get this stuff through there? How is it possible?
So totally unconstitutional, so unacceptable, mixing again, public tax dollars with religion.
And that's all they know. They keep petting on us a bunch of phony hypocrites,
coax-norton, pot-smoking, beard-guzzlin, hypocrite red necks is what you're dealing with.
Now, while she's still on rehab, George P. He's still doing wheelies and is a girlfriend's parking lot.
The other son there, Jeb's other kid, he's still screwing his girlfriend in broad daylight in the car out there by the parking lot in Tallahassee,
in the shopping center.
And he's telling everybody about faith-based this and faith-based, that and faith-based charities.
Just another tax-free scam for their buddies, that's all it is.
That's what it's all about.
WDQA and Hello.
Yes, sir.
First, you got to get to mention the Iliana.
Got to go home.
Oh, yeah, good luck on that, Tallahassee.
Good luck. Don't go for Iliana.
Like those people who are listening to us, Iliana was handed down.
Well, I'm sure Max and Betty Castor were all okay.
I keep saying this because a lot of people don't like her, which is fine.
She may not be the greatest, but she at least ain't no no Martinez.
And she sure is no Bob Graham, but that's the Z that she's got a fill, okay?
She couldn't feel his underpants.
But that's what we got to go with, okay, Betty Castor.
Right?
Right?
Sir, you wouldn't know Betty Castor from Castor Oil, okay?
Well, she's running for Bob Graham.
I'm not an idiot.
Yeah, I'm not an idiot.
Okay, good.
I'm glad I'm relieved to hear that.
And don't forget them propositions and eight amendments on the ballot there.
No, no, no. Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, sir, sir.
Yes, right.
3.0 is 5.6.
Oh, yeah, but the lawyers are doing it.
Yeah, get lost.
Get lost, Doc.
Go save a life somewhere.
WDQA and Hello.
And don't forget.
No, yeah, what's it about to you?
Speaking.
Oh, really?
That sounds like me.
It looks like a truth.
You got true.
Oh, unless thing.
So you can make fun of me.
That's fine.
I just had a comment.
I voted Saturday.
Right.
And I said a product camera because the buscini people were right up against the line.
And the peri people who were holding signs,
kind of had a boundary of like 20 feet back.
They were a little more civilized.
Yeah, they just, the buscini people seemed to be talking to everybody online,
where the peri people were trying to stay back.
Yeah.
And then they were going to be a one-word to describe that.
It's called desperation.
Right.
And then they were giving out water.
And this is kind of funny.
It says it all.
The peri people were giving out water for free.
The buscini people were charging a dollar.
Sure.
You bet.
And then also, I just wanted to make a comment about...
I think I got about 20 seconds.
Oh, okay.
I just wanted to know why we can't get risked.
We can see, like, they do on survivor,
like, we can write our names on a piece of parchment,
and put it in the box.
So, and have Jeff Probe read it.
So we know we're right there.
And he can count our votes.
There he is.
That's my signature.
Okay, sweetheart, do a good job.
Thanks a lot.
See ya.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' dance,
emotionally.
I'm watching you.
Oh boy.
The buscini people are coming.
That's the new...
Don't forget, early off,
you old carer.
Sorry about you, mister.
I was waiting for you to come over here.
Oh, you went in.
I was waiting for you to come over here.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were sleeping in the rain.
Oh, you were waiting for me.
Oh, you were running.
Oh, you were mine.
Oh, you were in my window.
You were growing nervous.
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more of a man
I'm a little bit more
We're having fun
We're having fun
We're having fun
We're having fun
We're having fun
We're having fun
We can't make it nothing
We're having fun
We can make it happen
Yeah
We can make it happen
We can make it happen
We can make it happen
We can make it happen
Bye bye bye
I was just showing you what your skin is
You're so strong
You're so strong
What was all this?
You're so strong
