Do we have a Sonic Island?
No!
Another thing,
I don't know if it was an alien,
but I'm a star by now.
It doesn't even fit so quick points.
I didn't expect to get anywhere in this beauty field.
We should feel...
I can't think of anything.
I don't know what it is.
I just think I might have a fight with you.
What?
The more white you and you.
Yeah, what a fight.
The more white you.
What do I do?
I cannot be.
I want a star.
I want your picture, ring.
No, no, no, please.
No, no.
Just begin the call.
I can't find my...
Why you, why you would have spat you?
I know my smell attract you.
But I'm not a star by now.
You still got your job.
I feel just like that you are my younger brother.
And what you need to do is...
That's why you're so much fine.
That's it.
That's it.
I know, I know, I know.
I know, I know, I know.
I want a star.
I want you.
And I can't rely.
And I can't rely.
I can't rely.
It's a 10.02.5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Wednesday to hear what the hell was that that we get our following now?
What was it?
Ben Hitler.
No, I'm not talking about the song, which as Grotesque was.
I'm just talking about that, whatever it was.
See, we on this show, we have our own personal program director.
I'm thinking maybe 8 to 10 should have its own personal program director.
But seriously, we seem to be having some problems there.
Last 8 to 10, we had some very serious problems with that whole deal.
As you may recall, I'll take your children, I'll sell them for some Haitian.
Right.
And now the current 8 to 10, we seem to be having, I don't know, where was it, Joe Rose this morning?
I don't know.
And then of course we get the big goal.
It's really like a stand through our heart.
I mean, that's just unbelievable.
In prime time when people are awake, when people are like really listening, oh man, that is brutal.
Not a bad guy, you know, he never stole a freight train, but Jesus putting him on the ear, what do you think it about guys?
Man, that is tragic.
Anyway, and I guess he was giving away more Marlon tickets?
I don't want to hear right there at the end of my correct about that.
I don't hear these things.
How can you miss it over that Van Halen crap, right there at the end?
That's not what I heard was Van Halen.
That sounds to me like sabotage.
That would be like saying Luis Miguel Records at the end of the show.
There's a thought.
Yeah, now I like to meddle, we don't want to do that to him.
Oh thanks for the copy, fat boy, long overdue, you idiot.
Man, that cares another one.
Another real low-winner.
My listen, everything's fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Except more dead people all over the world.
Carb-bomb killed 68 in Iraq.
Suicide attackers detonated simultaneous car bombs against police buildings during rush hour,
today killing 68 people, including several children, as many as 20 children.
In the bloodiest attack that this mainly Shiite city since the U.S. let occupation begin a year ago,
since our Iraq attack.
Iraqis pulled charred and torn bodies from angled vehicles in front of the Saudi police station,
located by the Saudi police station, located by Bosch with Crowdermain Street Market.
One of three stations at a police academy hit just after 7 o'clock AM,
their time, by a total of five car bombs, about 200 people in addition to the dead were wounded.
Two vans passing by the Saudi station were destroyed, one carrying kindergarteners,
the other taken girls to middle school, dead children burned beyond recognition were taken to hospital morgs.
There's the operative sentence in this story.
Oh thank you Mr. President, thank you Tony Blair for all of our dead bodies.
Thank you for your emancipation by decapitation.
Emancipation by elimination.
Dead children burned beyond recognition were taken to hospital morgs.
Now of course some of those opologists for the Bushmaster would say,
well yeah the Americans didn't do this, well that's the point.
The fact that they were there, this is why this is all going on.
That's why we turn that country into like a festering nightmare.
And, it's learned.
It's learned and heard in the Saudi Capitol, like I'm thinking that myself, that isn't all bad.
It's good.
I mean if they're going to be terrorist activities, let's have them all happen in Saudi Arabia.
And maybe a couple in Pakistan, although be careful because they got the bomba.
When a bomba got on there, see, maybe several explosions have really damaged the headquarters of Saudi security today
killing two people entering, entering dozens of police officials said.
And the Civil Reports indicated the blast came from at least one car bomb, but other than that,
oh we're flying.
These been out of a last night, four to one.
Big parades, the court's talking to one to a clock at the morning here last night.
Nice going boys.
Now let's move on, it's going to be brutal.
But anyway, we don't want to get into that hockey talk.
The big story of the day it seems to me, in addition to the grotesque stuff happening around the world.
And of course, this is Ty right into it.
Does this talk about the, do we dare say that five-letter word?
Sports?
Draft.
Oh, wow.
The field of draft in here.
There's only been a window open, but I feel a draft.
Yeah, they're talking about it.
What's that all about?
A senior Republican lawmaker said that deteriorating security in Iraq, I thought everything was fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Deteriorating security may force the West to reintroduce the military draft.
Oh my God.
There's not an American who doesn't understand what we're engaged in today and what they prospect are for the future,
said Senator Chuck Hagel.
Republican in Nebraska.
He told that to the Senate for Relations Committee hearing on post-occupation in Iraq.
See, one of the problems along with all the other lies and all the other BS,
and all the sematic regimes that they're trying to play, is that they had an inference strategy,
but they didn't have no exit strategy, which is always the easiest part.
You know, getting in, especially when you've got more troops and you've got more bombs and more money and more everything else than anybody else.
It's always really easy to go invade somebody else.
But as we found out Vietnam and we found out over and over again, it ain't so easy getting out.
They had no strategy for what we were going to do once we got in there.
None. Zero. In fact, I know this Joe Biden and Carl 11 and the hearings yesterday.
The Senate hearings were just both busting a gut, screaming yelling, carrying on about how these people,
these supposed military planners, didn't have any strategy for what they were going to do once they won the war phase so called.
We weren't supposed to have to do anything. Flowers.
That's where I can't be a flower.
They thought it was going to be a walking park. Didn't turn out that way. Did it?
No, our handpicked government, they were supposed to take to them.
You know, Chuck Davis says, why shouldn't we ask all of our citizens to bear some responsibility and pay some price arguing that we're steering compulsory military service would force our citizens to understand the intensity and depth of challenges we face.
So we're going to be sending some people to the boardies here in Canada because there going to be a lot of visitors trying to come in, not going to doors down, not going to gate down, trying to give them again just like very Vietnam.
Because not too many people and not too many parents are women see their kids carted off to be slaughtered again.
Just like we didn't Vietnam.
I'm sure everyone will be proud for another conflict that's totally unjustified, totally unnecessary, that has nothing to do with the security of America, nothing or the world.
They had him by the short hairs, they had him right where they wanted him and they could have kept him, they're dangling on the end of that line for as long as they wanted.
Old sawed him.
But nevertheless, Hable says that a draft which ended in the early 70s would spread the burden of military service more equitably among very associable strata.
Right, like we're really supposed to believe that the sons and daughters of the elite are going to be marched off towards.
Anybody believe that? Oh, as a matter of fact during Vietnam, when we had the draft, were the sons and daughters of the elite who were brought back in body bags? No.
58,000 mostly middle and lower class people, many, many minorities, they're the ones that came home in body bags.
Oh, they wouldn't let that happen again with that?
Because some of them are elite. I don't want to mention what last name I might have like say Bush, some of them are elite, they want up with the, you know, phony, balloon military service, they don't want to get in the middle of the crosshairs.
Those who are serving today and dying are in the middle of lower middle class to the Chauk Hegel and that's exactly the way it's going to be.
They're called to consider it imposing the draft comes just days after the Pentagon moved to extend the missions of some 20 of the 135,000 troops in Iraq and they're not done with that by the way.
We don't have enough troops for all the adventures that we want to carry on around the world. We have more than enough troops to as far as taking care of terrorism.
But if we want to start adventurism and invasions and occupations, well that's another story and palpitations.
Some critics of the U.S. led occupation complained that military planners used two few troops to do Iraq and then insist that more military muscle will be needed to restore order.
Now that we've gotten ourselves into this mess from which who knows when we're going to execute ourselves. They're saying minimum 10 years, naturally optimistic.
And well, by the way, they need a lot more money too. Oh yeah, I guess I didn't mention that.
I got it right here.
The poll we took yesterday, the most important entertainer while we before we do that, two things. Heather Graham is our behind-the-beat curtain our Gal today.
We'll give him a little bit of a...
I never saw Josh that run in the seat so fast.
Really?
Yeah. He's there.
Okay, click this. And as far as our dead person of the day, Guinness Booker Records founder, Norris McWorter, no relation to Gordon Norris.
Norris McWorter co-founder of the Guinness Booker Records, the final arbiter on everything from the fastest time of my life to the world's longest hotdog has died. He was 78.
The world's longest weeny.
McWorter suffered a heart attack yesterday after a...
Monday, I'm sorry, after playing tennis at a Somin Wiltcher, Southern England, a family spokeswoman said.
The first Guinness Book appeared in 1954, edited and compiled by McWorter and his twin brother Ross, who was murdered by the IRA, the Irish Republican Army in 1975.
Norris McWorter continued to edit the Guinness Booker Records to 1986, remaining as advisory editor to editor to 96.
What do you say?
By 64, the books were selling a million copies a year.
Sales topped 40 million in 1981. The 2004 edition nearly 300 pages long list of world records regarding everything from war piece and politics to astonishing feats of food consumption.
Why didn't the beast made the Guinness Booker Records? Did you?
He will serve.
He sure will. He's blowing up on the gigantic balloon like somebody stuck a gigantic bicycle pump up his ass. Wow.
You talk about June is busting out all over.
Man, oh man, oh man, the beast. A giant in the broadcast industry, if I could hear say so myself.
Well, we got a lot of fat people. All the other skinny people are tired of hearing about it.
Aren't they?
Yes.
Anyway, the most important entertainer of the 20th century we asked yesterday is Elvis, 270 said the king, 270.
Redefined music.
John Lennon 180.
Bob Hope on 46.
Mohawar David at 102.
Nice going, Bob.
Absolutely.
You can't not give off no matter what you do. Although well, Frank Sinatra 81.
C. DeCruz 61.
Johnny Carson 58.
Bob Marley 56, Mon as in Q56.
Lucille Ball 52. Love Lucie.
Ronnie Reagan 49 Jackie Gleason Elton. Johnny's had 39 Charlie Chaplin 37.
Lenny Bruce 36. Don't call me Bruce. Paul McCartney 36. Alfred Hitchcock 31. Mel Blankhead.
Bob Turdman Richard Pryor 26. John Wayne the Duke had 25. I heard he was a real Dukebag.
Michael Jackson 22. Steve Allen 21. Carol O'Carles, Sammy Davis Jr. 19 to P. St. Persson. Jack Nicholson 18. Mick Jagger 16.
Arnold had 14 as in Marlon Brando. What a joke that is. Milton put Arnold in the same category with Marlon Brando.
Milton Bro 12. Redskelt 11. Bruce Springsteen 10. Stevie Tyler Jack Carson. C. Zreech had 7.
Sixth of the East Barba Strikes and. Frankie Lyman, George Burns, Carol Burnett, Judy Girlen.
Five of the peace for Neil Lyman, Ben Crosby and Jimmy Stewart.
Four for Tom Jones and Jack Ben A. Three for Bill Haley. And his comments spell wrong.
Wayne Newton 2. Ben Crosby 2. End of big. Over 16. End of votes. Rural, Valentino and Jay.
What? I want to add, beg Jane, please to stop trying to facts the George Bush resume that we've got 1,000 copies of.
It's five. Oh, Jane, when you stop fucking us, okay, what is crap with this terrible garbage, man? This stuff. Turn on the light bulb, okay?
Listen to what Joyce Kaufman and stop bugging us with this garbage. 10.13 to 5.60 W.Q.A.
And you've been hearing me talk about Dalai Mattressner Spectacular customer service.
That when you call 1-800-Matchews to speak with expert betting consultants who answer your questions, give me the customer service you deserve.
The Dalai Mattress commitment to service recently caught the attention of the Better Business Bureau.
That's right. Dalai Mattress has been part of the South Florida community for over 12 years, with their main office in the Northeast.
Where they'd run the coveted Torch of Excellence Award for 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau.
I think it's 2000 for even though it says in here, 204.
Nice go on fat flow, you idiot. This award's given annually to a company that embodies the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty, integrity, and ethics in a marketplace to receive this award is especially impressive for Dalai Mattress to win, because they don't even have any stores.
And 1-800-Matchews wants you to know that one criteria in judging this award was truth in advertising.
You can rest assured you can bet fat boys life on it. The things we tell you about Dalai Mattress are absolutely 100% correct, sir.
So pick up the phone right now, call 1-800-Matchews. It's a whole truth, nothing but the truth, about brand name betting the best.
I'm a satisfied Dalai Mattress customer, and you will be too, if you make that call 1-800-Matchews. That's Dalai Mattress 1-800-MATTRES, along onto their website, mattress.com.
Dalai Mattress, the honest way to buy a great bed.
I know that the Zord even loves you, Roger.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
I thought you see, and he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Evidently, when you were a brother,
Gary Rodriguez and Miami
writes to the Miami-Hurled.
Yes, he could.
In their one-liners,
the terrorists in Iraq wouldn't be the way they are
if they attended church on a regular basis.
That could be the greatest lie in the history of Antonin, okay?
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Yes, he was very pale.
Born January 29, 1970, which makes her a 30-year-old.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and raised by her strict father.
See, that's what happens when he has a strict father.
You just kind of like, ah, you know, you're going to go nuts.
Good.
Exactly.
Let's see, she's in a movie right now that's being filmed called 45, is in like,
Cold 45.
Gray Matters, Samantha's Child, Hope Springs, Anger Management,
Alien Love Prangle, or that's Alien Love Prangle, the guru killing me softly from hell,
sidewalks of New York, say it, boy, she'd been an oh, man, if I read all these,
it would be like 155 already.
Can you believe it?
Reach love.
She's been a lot of movies.
Say it isn't so rotten TV committed, both finger, one thing we can say that.
Austin Powers is spy who, ah, shagged me.
See, how come we can say that?
Because it's English.
It's English, and of course we do know about those shag carpets.
Lost in space, screamed too, boogie-nice, of course, and a bunch of other really good stuff.
She's just fine.
So Heather Graham is on there behind the meeting curtain.
If you're already at the 72, if you got plenty ID, and you got like, ah, you're,
I'm on the same wave like the John Ascroft, well, good luck to you.
Anybody who's on the same wave, who with that scrum bag?
26 past 10, I said scrum.
That's what I'm saying.
I like it.
I said it's in the bag.
Try it on for size.
That's what it is about your size.
It's a teeny tiny one.
26 active 10 at QAM.
Hey, you heard about the big demand in the high paid potential for computer professionals.
Have you ever wondered if this career might be for you?
Well, here's your chance at the answer is yes.
Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar in computers and networking tonight.
At both the mining for Lauderdale campuses, that is absolutely correct.
You can learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking, absolutely free tonight.
Seeking for this free computer seminar is limited, so you better do it right now.
Call fast train at 1-866 fast train.
All people within the free seminar will get a diagnostic tool at no charge too.
So call fast train right now at 1-866 fast train to reserve your spot.
And if you do decide that a new high-paying career is in your future,
fast train can have you train it ready for that new job in just four short months.
So check them out on the web at fast train.com and then make that call that really can change your life
and better get you some real training and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Don't forget when you do make that call, reserve your seat for tonight's free seminars both in Miami and Fort Lauderdale.
Call 1-866 fast train.
I am your city's sports waiting in Christy.
You are here.
I want a full investigation.
The children, the children, the mothers, the children, the children, the children, the children.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
believe in his almighty fools.
Yeah...
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
I want a full investigation.
Michael pals all over the place here.
like this one he don't like that one he doesn't want to do this he's losing I think
and right here he likes. They're having a hearings on Iraq's transition to
sovereignty look at that miserable Nazi bastard Paul Wolfowitz is on here right
now I like his answer yesterday when I asked him well on June 30th who are we
exactly handing the keys to the Kingdom to an Iraqi. I don't have a clue. Yeah that
was his answer. Great answer Paul you idiot. Okay before we do the
microponial stuff let's get some names for this fool okay let's get this thing
filled up because already I see no athletes are important 34 they're like
I see I'm glad we give those people a place to go. Jackie Robinson 32 no
athletes 35 I'm sorry I was Jackie Robinson 32. Babe Ruth 22 Jesse Owen 7
Dan Marino 6 I don't know why. Do you want to measure your two Joe Montana two
Thai Cobblan and poor Jim Brown don't have any he's got the big line nine is on
W. Q. N. Hello. Jim Mandish. Oh right W. Q. N. Hello. Yes sir. How about the Iraq
from the W. W. A. The Iraq. Uh huh okay you mean the one in your head or the one
man in the amat. We're talking about athletes that actors. Yeah we're not talking
about silly people okay well W. Q. N. Hello. Leo. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing good.
Hey listen I'm a I used to be a listener I could listen three four hours a day
now very little so I'm kind of in the dark about this you know how you don't say
like what does that mean for you little well I very little about what you've been
talking about on your show recently I don't hear very much well it's because I
got a different job I can't you better get your priority straight now man yeah I
know I've been talking to my boss about this but you know how you don't say A
whole anymore yes if this is like some kind of good on like where you're going
along or just for real sir president lechon's got a bad headache okay the you
don't seem to understand the the degree of censorship that's going on right now
we can't say almost anything anymore I understand I just thought that I
guess it really has gotten that bad I remember back when like during the 2000
election you know we all said that if Bush is elected all right it's gonna be
taken away but I think we were I think if we were like it's honest with ourselves
at the time we're saying well we're maybe being a little hyperbolic and all
that but it's true you know the sky's taken over and we're all all right you're
taking away this is just about Bush this is about the kind of environment that
is created but the sad part of it is the Democrats are going along with it and
they're just as bad as he is on this don't expect that the Democrats are
gonna come over screaming forward including John Kerry and say you've gone too
far you're you're trampling on our first member rights they're not doing it
luckily you got some little organizations like the ACL you and people for the
American way and some ballsy broadcast companies like infinity and even the
beastly is believe it or not and a few others who are fighting back for challenging
this in the courts I can't believe that there's anybody out there who is
not today in the fact we can't say that's it that's about all we can say now
am I right yes or John and Columbia South Carolina who's just chronic says they
learn hard they'll earn higher is the most important athlete than the 20th
century you better get with it John do not put that on here that's one of the
silliest things why why not because I said so okay that's why not
that is as well as an eye that is ridiculous so big I don't care what hill
that well I feel big might have some to say about it if we're still alive that's
like one of those quasi motor deals ain't it big Wilson Michael Powell vegan
decency rules are better for broadcasts he just feeling more crap out of the
minute what a bozo in fact that'd be a good poll who's more full of crap Michael
Powell or his daddy Colin ruled him Colin in his what I'm on interview with ABC
Sam Donaldson at the NAV convention chairman's breakfast yesterday morning the
SCZ chairman described as a red hearing the police from people like Viacom
president COO Mel Carmeson harassing the FCC for specific guidelines on what
constitutes indecent broadcasting Paul believes that what constitutes indecent
team must be open to interpretation you don't want the government to write a
red book of what you can cannot say Paul Kulacrow to the law's being assultant
he also noted that rules that only offer guidelines without setting hard limits
like for example the limits in any trust law will allow the FCC to consider
context meaning tone and other mitigating factors when examining indecent
complaints in other words a lot of them are making up as they go along with
the local leave room for attorneys to crack arguments and for judges to
interpret the law all brother what a lame ass piece of crap that is Powell also
insisted that the FCC's increase in decency enforcement efforts are guided by
increased public interest in this issue wrong although we scoffed Donaldson
suggestion that the agency is bowing to public pressure rather Powell said the
FCC is being responsive to public concern again wrong because if you look
market after market around the country it's the same handful of misfits or
responsible for the FCC fines for people getting fired for all of this
business is going on right now and that is a fact but anyway and we got
am I referring hmm that's gross don't do it again I just dumped George
Schmuck 56050560.560 on the AT&T of Verizon another FCC of Michael Paul
thing in a minute he is just a fallen apart WM hello yes sir for the
Paul Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali is a magnificent choice back when we had a
supreme court right thank you just that your facts on it well I'm a
Muhammad Ali I think if he did just got a church more he'd had a better
altitude about going off the horse right speak of the draft let's say couldn't
get there why now what is this couldn't get through yesterday wanted to
nominate Frank Sinatra he was on the pull what does that mean you most
important athlete Muhammad Ali and worst song well the worst song is put that
for Friday that's gonna be on Friday don trails run was honor and so his ERA is
still oh what about Jim Thorpe there you go good Indian boy Jim Thorpe got it
that's with an E on the end I don't want to talk to miss Poland and
Verizon they know that it's all these days John says I can't believe he didn't
start to pull off with this I went off this athlete I did because I can't stand
them okay that's why John Wayne Gritzky oh needle nose put him on there Wayne
Gritzky we're gonna put him on airbound we don't want to do many hockey
players under do we of course not whatever let's see here's another one
Muhammad Ali Bob listening until I have to have a great life up there
Bob whatever your name is 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon
Marvel's line WQA and hello yeah well they stole all the but I just told
just told you just told you Jim Thorpe how about Jordan Michael Jordan
Billy Jean King I should have just left him on air you know he could have killed
the least within 30 anyway I mean to 11 30 we're not gonna put no
Billy Jean King on and that's ridiculous like we put her on every gotta put
Bobby Riggs on right no come on Michael Jordan of course I mean you look around
the various sports the question is the most important athlete of the 20th
century and I'm sure we're gonna get to a golf eventually we'll get some
golfers on there put on Tiger Woods somebody's got a lot of votes for Tiger Woods
you know a brokala records he did this he did that he never stole a freight
train he's a real tycoon these day all this other stuff right he's got a real
hot the wife did they get married or is she still just I don't know job I think
you make up married come on Josh you better get with it yeah I'm concerned about
Tiger's wife you want to be concerned about his wife I'll tell you that right
now he ain't no head to Graham or Bobby Graham
say it and back to you ever see head to Graham and Bob Graham together same
person he just got a better piece than Moe 20 before 11 at 560 WDF now back in
the day you have several lines for that but yeah but leave it alone here's a
question for you your company suffering from regulations and increased labor
cost let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your
business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human
resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis
outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call Oasis
outsourcing two day for a free evaluation and 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866
2 8 6 27 47 with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing
understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is
being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational
details to Oasis outsourcing let Oasis outsourcing make your business more
profitable if you'd like to get a free evaluation column tool free at 1 866
at Oasis that's 1 866 2 8 6 27 47 for Oasis outsourcing
let's start right we need to 10 46 at 5 60 WQA M although he's taking nearly
David David Verbal beatings from the syndicated morning host Howard Stern
over the recent FCC and decency fines that have been levied against the Howard
Stern show Michael Powell said yesterday morning among many other idiotic
Indian things during the FCC chairman's breakfast at the NAV convention they
respect Stern for taking a stance on the issue I have a lot of respect for
Howard Stern I have a lot of respect for his view Paul told San Donaldson
during the Paris fourth annual one-on-one interview at the show it just
doesn't happen to be the law indeed Paul noted that it's the law he must follow
regardless of what he may feel personally because the Supreme Court's already
ruled that in decent species only partially protected under the first amendment
and broadcast in decency can be punished by the FCC Powell said if I go out on my
own because I have a different view of the first amendment than the Supreme Court
that would be an application my responsibility in a dereliction of my duty is
what he said what a pile of crap duty yeah he's doing his best to do his duty
like a good boy scout you know just like daddy good scout even though he knows
that a lot of innocent people are done and that the whole thing was a sham in
a charade from the beginning just like daddy being a good scout for the
troops speaking a talk radio it was on then it was off then it was on again and
out of the off again boy air america radio the recently launched liberal talk
radio network they became embroiled last week in a financial dispute with the
owner of its Chicago and L.A. stations will broadcast over WNT D.A.M. Chicago for
the last time April 30th the network city yesterday the network also said
it'll remain off the air for the time being in Los Angeles where was yanked
off its station near K.V. L.A. last week by owner multi-cultural news radio
you know yeah I got to tell you something really sad all the conspiracy theories
you know on the internet came across a story over the weekend where somebody
alleged that multi-cultural news radio has decided a sandbag air america
because it's a liberal network well if that's the case why did they least in
the spaces in the first place why did they give me a venue to put the programs
on here I mean you talk about paranoia that's like the guy who said joe
costello and that's joe got taken off overnight on Q.A.M. because they were saying
too many things against the bushmeister yeah do you remember that yeah I mean get
a life get cereal I have no life the announcement settles an acrimonious legal
in public relations battle between air america and multi-cultural it also means
that air america must seek new homes the nation's second and third largest
markets less than three weeks into which your life we are pleased that we've
reached a negotiated settlement sedated good friend executive VP and
general council of air america in a terst statement no air america executive
would comment for their head number so they got some problems aside from the
fact that Randy's the only one on that work that's a real broadcaster that has
anything to say I mean when you put all your marbles behind al franken
man as a broadcaster you've got some real tourists coming up you've got real
problems and just one last thing on this facing a legislative session shortened
because of upcoming political conventions u.s lawmakers very likely will
authorize higher fines for those who violate broadcast and decency limits and
a text into a must pass spending bill see the way they do these things
mhm
lead kerosene a dissentant commerce committee chairman john mccain
was another full of crap guy that everybody oh he's so great if we could just
have more john mccain baloney full of crap
said the house and senator try to resolve differences in two seven in decency
bills so they can be included in an appropriations bill the house is already
passed a bill over a response as much as a half a million dollars and the
sentence considering legislators no one raised funds to her two hundred and
seventy five grand for the first violation
my personal opinion is that when all of a sudden done with this very abbreviated
legislative calendar the fine forces will probably be added to an appropriations
bill for Oc said at an American bar association forum the congressional
says in short of this year because representative and senators will break to
attend the national presidential nominate conventions campaign for
reelection the only bills they must pass this year annual spending measures
to fund government agencies so just hook this thing on to a is a writer
remember Dave writer they'll hook it on like one owner writer hey yeah and just
like sure they'll shoplift your freedom right out of your ass pathetic just
unbelievable but nevertheless five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
you know that how many made about the loss operating in the dark well we don't
want to give specific rules that's like say your law enforcement people come
along and say we're going to take just put blank speed limit signs on every highway
in the state okay because who are we to tell you how fast you should go you'll
have to figure it out based on the weather conditions the time of day how much
traffic there is and then we'll see if we go along with their not during your
trial you can justify your velocity right well then and then we'll say well
nice try but you're wrong and we'll do whatever we want just it's called making
it up as they go along WQA and hello yes sir anybody mentioned on your list
Jesse Owens yes they did series right on there get with it fixed that
hearing aid five six seven oh five fact George even came up with that not that
I wasn't already aware but George came up with it Mr. Antisports George came
up with Jesse Owen that wasn't sports that was history that when there you go
that's the question the most important athlete of the 20th century was
how do you like that take that and put in your pipe and smoke a Mr. Powell no
athletes are important 68 people say that Jackie Robinson 53 baby Rude 31
Jesse Owens 22 how do you like that series right there in living color
Muhammad Ali 15 Dan Marino 12 oh how silly show Montana four Wayne Gretzky
four already hate him Michael Jordan three Joe to Maggio two Jim Thorpe one Jim
Brown finally got one Ty Cobb one and the Tiger don't have any oh that's
refreshing well the golf people hate me like boys and anyway they're gone they
don't they want no part of the show because golf is for it's for you know I
think what the words are it's for anholes I better write me out a list you
know it now that we got scrum bag all figured out right I like that WQM hello
hey how about Mark Spitz he was a swimmer in the 72 Olympics I think he got five
goals he got eight minutes in Mexico City right and you know what you
became after that I couldn't tell you Dennis really I like that just a little
preview for you thanks a lot paly Mark Spitz SP ITZ good Jewish boy great
Olympic swimmer of course the Jews learned to swim real fast back in the day
you know because the herbs were always chasing them around or was it the other
way around well they all swim in real fun now I think it's like thinker
swim stinkerswim stinkerswim that's what we say Ariel Sherone stinkerswim he's
loaded up for the first part five six seven oh five sixty of course in his case
he probably float I mean you talk about a huge tub he makes the beast look like
Minnie Mouse Ariel Sherone hey I wouldn't leave no Halle of Oli in around the
house if he's coming over to visit believe me WQA and hello good morning to
you how about for your poll lands Armstrong lands Armstrong there you go he's a
good one he's not much of a scrum bag either I'm not really sure what he said
but I just have to listen case with scrum but I was you've got to articulate a
little more clearly okay we can't take a chance because we have some very
nervous nellies in middle-level management one in particular so I just just
to be on the safe side he said scrum bag anyway Lance Armstrong he said something
about he's holding the bag I want about your Armstrong
Custer well if we're gonna be hockey intensive the chief number ten
Georgia Armstrong and just one comment I'm sorry for I am sure that he can
find himself a summer job doing Abba on ice in Sweden so that's very good
day at an hotel but code of the colors that we had on leaf side today thanks so
much and those we didn't get to you're not gonna have to wait long to get back
just right about that on leaf TV man I guarantee the pastors don't have their
own station WQM hello yes sir hey I got one for you how about Jackie Robinson
how about Jackie Robinson has got 56 votes and leads all the aims out of the
stereo go very good excellent see I like those because it kills him good time
then we can like ridicule them and just make a scrum bag out of him exactly and
then they can say WQA and hello pretty good I think you forgot maybe he was
in all sides and all time quarterback off though but I think you know a little
better than the damn radio Joe Montana maybe I look to me like Joe Montana's
list last time I checked and he's got four votes he got yes he does I have
knowledge I don't think I just want to like to know get fly right in
that was in the Davidson Vegas last week I had the Missle Line
traffic international out there and guess who was hanging around with all these
beautiful pretty girls by the year me no
Oh my God I told I live in South Florida and he goes I am for you because
get these down there off the home is the judgment felt and well what are we
pretty monolists yeah oh Jane I'm and I kiddo but OJ Simpson okay thanks
probably for that terminal story OJ Simpson better put him on there we despise
him like poison but certainly they're gonna get some votes from inside the
building from inside the QM building make no mistake of booting because we've
got some real OJ liqueurs in that building man oh brother they got pictures on
the wall they got old used the job straps they got the you name if they got it
might as well that thing is golf tournament and this idiot's calling that they
oh I got a sort of graph even though I think he's a scrum bag because it might be
worth something someday people with no self respect people would I have no
right no life the OJ liqueurs man you've got to be about the lowest of the low to
suck up to some piece of dirt like him man but anyway we'll put him on a list
because he was a fine athlete you know I mean oh we're fine right yeah what no
dance door though ten fifty six at five sixty WQA and hey if you're thinking about
getting some new shoes on your tussies here's the place to shop or you find an
unbeatable combination the best selection the best prices people I know how to
treat you inside and out they know your feet they know they can probably even
identify if you shop there for how about a smaller feet we're talking about
brandy's and popular beats in the near-a long long time we're talking not any
off-brands the top-coding names in the shoe business they got them all they got
rock ports floor shong s a s very timid naturalizer and lots more and uh with
brandy's humongous selection you could just about bet your eyes is life on it that
whatever shoe you're looking for that they got in the window or in the
store they got your size on the shelf brandy's life on your foot right now in fact most people
let me go to brandy's buy civil pier on each visit because they're going to say
so much cash brandy's is open daily nine to line some days and to five you'll find them in
that same location they've been doing their right for a very very long time they were at 1290
North federal highway and popular beats it's always we're always worth the trip to Brandy's
numerator where you are and right now this week is a great time to buy echoes at Brandy's
they 10% off all men's and women's styles get a gift with your purchase too so come
under the store or check out their website at brandy's shoes how come I would say that's
with two estates because it's really with three I don't know what because I'm dumb brandy's shoes
my
item booth everyone loved William Hunts bang up job on American Idol and now all of William Hunts
greatest hits are on one amazing CD it's hung up on hung
one two three four five baby it's in home it's my home because she will be so inside of my show
yes from outcast to chalo everyone's hung up on hung
Jay Row in the house don't be fooled by a rock that I got
I hear I feel beautiful and black he used to have a little now he has a lot of tone deaf
fans who can't get him up up hung up on hung
you're the fire man in a club barra for a club on the I got what you need if you need a
barra gets worth a lot more than 50 cents or you know you'll also get this free bonus CD
an American Idol loser sings the American Idol winner
cool they're in love
oh I'm a true he's a bandit no longer need to be the venture goodbye
oh you win wrong he's true William Hunts hung up on hung is only available for the next 15
minutes of his fame so don't delay calm now it's the level 0205 60 W2 I'm happy Wednesday
two we got the mad dog at two of the Hebrew Hammer at four Marlins on deck 630 game two at a
series in filly at 7 05 the night Marlins at the Phillies any case follows baseball overnight
it's a it's a well Pelley somebody says how how could we not put Pelley on there right
right the poor soccer fans in the world are just about anything else because he had sex with
Q chocolate and and Willie Schumaker sir made man Willie Schumaker I know it got it right all
over going to put jockeys on here probably put um uh hero burrito Castillo Jr just a joke he's
a good guy well now this that you thanks me here this just makes my uh it makes me sick but then
a time that we need a strong forceful candidate who's got the balls he don't care he don't have any
balls I don't want to hear about his record and be it nomin all this other stuff I want to hear
about what he's saying right now he has no balls he says I have a 100% record not a 99 a 100%
record in sustaining the special relationship in friendship with Israel Kiri told the crowd
adding that he would end the sweetheart relationship with a bunch of Arab countries that
allows money to flow to terrorists when he's right about the last part like Saudi Arabia for
example especially but the first part is uh not conducive to uh helping uh that in fact yesterday
CNN to show you what about the imbecile they are and they think all of you are they put on the
headline on the bottom of the screen and headlines said a road map in trouble question mark and I
talked to myself oh no are you kidding me road map in trouble spread engines have to
suggest that the president could benefit politically from the pro-Israeli policies which in
bush campaign officials said Monday is evidence of his steadfast support for Israel in other words
he's peddling for that Jew vote in a TV interview Sunday from Miami Kiri said he'd back the move
the criticized Bush's approach in other words while some of the settlements are okay and you can
hang out there as long as you want that kind of crap there were Arab leaders that were taken by
surprise by this announcement Kiri said on meat depressed I don't think that surprise evidence
is the groundwork of diplomacy necessary whatever the hell that means what it means to me is he just
got no balls he's afraid he's going to alienate the uh i mean no matter where you look
he just doesn't have the the courage to to take a strong stand on the on the controversial
issue that are what they're there it's just like the whole thing in Iraq
his whole opinion about that is wrong well you know another we're in there we certainly can't
do this and we can't do that yeah so what we're going to do what's his answer
he's a pretty disappointing now he really is very disappointing to me
I miss Dean you mean this Howard Dean but like I told you yesterday and you can take this to the
bank there were some people somewhere and I won't never know who they are or how they but
well we know how they did it and it wasn't difficult they decided Howard Dean wasn't going to be
the president of the U.S. of A and he wasn't going to be even they weren't going to take a chance
at him willing to election so he wasn't going to be the Democratic nominee and there you go
and he's not anyone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
Wireless on the most important athlete of the 20th century is no athletes are important 91
of you say that Jackie Robinson 67 Vade Route 39 Jesse Owen's 32 Mohamed Ali 27 Dan
marino 14 Michael Jordan 11 Michael Michael motorcycle Wayne Gretzky for Joe Montana for
Jim Thorpe 3 Joe to Maggio 2 OJ's got one I'm okay I know that's from inside the building
Ty Cobb 1 Jim Brown 1 Mark Spitz 1 Lance Armstrong why did you put George Armstrong on
there you silly person you I was just joking we didn't know that Tiger Woods and Pelle and
Willie Shoemaker don't have any out of the first 200 votes come on now George is a
C. Armstrong he's a good Indian Canadian boy but let's get serious you didn't say just
John is on four Stanley Cup and in teams for the Maple Leaf make the leaves I was just joking
around I said it's just a joke you're gonna start with this hockey stuff again you better cut the
crap however you're gonna put him on her how about Frank Mahabalich huh very good time I'm
afraid the big M
I'm like the line over my hand against this game you have a right let's start over
you know that's your honor oh excuse me 5 6 7 0 5 60 Tom 5 60 on the 18th hit so sad like I said
the other day you know I kept that Mike Danton story that mystery is he gay is he this is you
that with the the tempted hit that he tried to pay for there who knows what it's all over
the newspapers and so CNN splashes it on there because it's a nasty nasty story just like the
Todd Bertuzzi story anything bad that has to do with hockey right away it's a big story on CNN
anything but going on like the exciting Stanley Cup playoffs you wouldn't they can't get within
a million miles of it with either hand CNN they're the anti Christ I'm telling you that right
now they're the most evil force in the whole freaking world even worse than the Pope how do you
like that I arrest my case even worse than the Pope is CNN because they're destroying the minds
of the you don't know because you don't get around like I do okay you go right you can go just
about anywhere in the world and there is CNN international polluting the minds of the public
with this propaganda with this crap that they pass off his news they should be in jail here's
line nine deputy Q.M. hello yeah I'd like to recommend cash is place DC be some homie now we
got him on there thanks Valley away how come these people are like are they in a different
kind of zone or something it's everybody even the locals everybody just as a little I just got
you reading the list too as a matter of fact but that's okay like I said it kills some excellent time
how about pay brooth okay and to her drama strong WQM hello yes sir yeah I have like a speaker
speaking oh Neil yes let me say it again yes turn that radio off into back of it I put it
in the bottle okay okay I got with you I got four but my first one no not four not the four greatest
important people are the one the one pick one oh Jesus how about Jesus Bobby or Bobby or is a great
choice thank you he sure is how veteran Wayne Gregg skill over being Bobby or now we're talking see
this guys feel bad about it really picked everyone you got a Bobby or or our arching his skull
of can you handle it and that one really belongs on there boy I see that's why I'm pretty nervous
about even muttering or just joking because all of a sudden but I'm being there's an aim on there
I think we have to put the game on the whole the audio the whole lease audible game on
less than they put the game on it just an hour they take out all the bracelets so sell the send
five six seven oh five six deep five five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line well I got
some really good heavy duty stuff here too the day yeah but we'll get to them eventually because
this is important stuff it has to do with sports sports and that's the important thing here are
QM ball games uh jocks straps uh gloves that's uh spikes all of these things pig skin what I leave
up and get no wqm hello Jesse Owens wqm hello yeah neal how about uh Arthur Ash
Arthur's ash okay one more thing what's the difference between big new game is on his boy first
okay great Arthur's ash listen all you guys over there in a high alia hanging out at JC pennies
waiting for them to clear the tea room so you can go in there and do the limbo rock get out of my
alife okay get out of here I have no life good Wilson or glory holes okay drill some at sears okay
the even things out even out the playing field five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line how about see your crews let's see if he puts her on there
how about more Howard David he's made every other damn pool the most important athlete well he's
on run like I said the other days an athletic supporter can run a lot of locker rooms that Moe
wqm hello hey deal yes sir what about Roberto Clemente
a Roberto Clemente is great the rest in peace thank you Roberto Clemente you got it we got it good can
you handle it a Roberto I like the way he said that there was a beautiful thing mixed my tongue
tingle wqm hello he nearly has a hockey question for you yes why is a month off for the
lost wqm hello hey deal how about tie top and mark swallows I mean earth wqm hello
hello hello good morning yes sir these poles are important tough to get through to you what do you
mean by that I mean it's because we got the same people call well the names we already got on
that so I'll get through it and then we might have something for you I didn't really want to
contribute to the poll can I talk about something else briefly yes I was watching well this
isn't just a show where we do polls man we're looking in between all these people for some
some articulate observations about the condition of the human race well I have one for you I'm
watching the Chris Rock special on HBO live and obviously there's a lot of words you know that
you would normally hear still right now but don't don't count your chickens right I mean and
obviously it's a lot of sexual content but at the end of the show and I'm pretty sure I saw
this I'm going to watch it again and make sure they were you know they have the credits and it
promoted my clear channel and I am a spell off the bed yeah I mean they're so conservative but to
make money off Chris Rock and in HBO special you mean like Fox for example like the like Rupert Murdoch
or football at the racie stuff steamy stuff on FX and then on his own Fox entertainment where
puts every off the beaten track kind of crap I mean I mean you talk about Ritz Gait that makes
how we're starting like look G rated when you look exactly well there you go you're talking
about your gray robbers man that's all they don't care about anything else they just want your money
they're the worst thing and they're worse than they people bombing in Iraq there are almost as bad as
CNN you bet thanks pal thanks how about Casey Stangle who once told a 65 met sometimes you win
sometimes he lose sometimes you get ready now but you got to dress for a mall that's cute I wasn't
one of his better lines by the way Mike but anyway Casey Stangle he won I think I could be wrong but
I think you won 10 world series is is manager you're not impressed with Casey Stangle ST what
is it in GEL I can't talk to you even you ought to be impressed by Casey Stangle what's wrong with you
you came up with Jesse Owens that's right and at least Casey had a sense of humor which is more I
can say for most of these dumb jocks and they'll take it also damn seriously I like their golfers man
they're some of the worst humorless these fans out there gonna have to stop making so much noise
when they're out there in order oh give me a break the fact that anybody comes up to see you
guys whack that ball around you must be off your rocker you gotta kiss them on the on the toenails
do you imagine going to attend a golf tournament to be in the gallery you gotta be in the
nut galleries what you're gonna be playing a game again I beg your pardon after the first
couple of attempts I can't imagine going back and doing it again love and 13 at 560 WDQ
that he've been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid it's gonna turn into
a real nightmare instead well here's a way to have great dreams all the time because design concept
builders is your answer design concept builders has been one of the top home remodels in some
photos since 1983 for the following reasons first or 100% customer satisfaction with
or no excuses policy they refuse to have an unhappy customer and they offer quality work at a fair price
and design concept builders have an exclusive five year labor warranty they offer you to so why
take the risk of a real nightmare when you have a new addition on your home kitchen bathroom windows
any other project make sure you get it done right and a fair price to call design concept builders
at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six around the web it's design concept builders
dot com financing's available with no payments for six months with the proof credit you can also get
you a 10% discount on audio remodeling through the end of this month only with design concept builders
like I said check out their website design concept builders dot com and then make that call
a guarantee a super job for you every time call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six
nine and look all six four three five sixty nine and two and yeah
I'm smiling and doing the push they see they'll keep up bothering to reach
until they expose all the secrecy's
no they're not hearing what they want to hear
because no one tops well under open there is the truly happy I know about the press
did CIA make judgments that they now regret
both the anti terrorism policies we just need more answers from the men who's
we need to know we need to know what first new above my one one we need to know we need to know
we need to know what first new above my one one we need to know
yeah how come he sold a hands there with prince eddella because they don't come no more dullab
in him I'll tell you that right now how to bush house a sad the author of that book Carl
Unger who's an expert on the overs and ungers he was on one of the shores last night
him as nbc i believe okay and they were talking about this grotesque this in fact even on
CNN on crossfire yesterday believe it or not the republican guy they had on there you know
with the elect against the right and all that can try and prep even he was uh
excoriating the bush people for this grotesque relationship they have with the Saudis
and they showed all the stats about 15 of the 19 uh hijackers were Saudis all of the southern
garbage and of course the uh wasabi i mean wahabi all these uh no seriously all these schools
that they build not just in Saudi Arabia but in Pakistan they export this hate of the west
and so on one hand you know like i said to pull them with one hand kissing with a mouth and then
the stabbing it back with other hand it's pathetic i say let's bomb Saudi Arabia right off the
bat and in fact let's not do it well let's just tom we're gonna do it yeah i told you this the other
day just send him all to the french reviewer let him take a few billion you know just like have a
good time and then we'll just hook up our hoses 50 cents a gallon for gas tops Hank Aaron
somebody says how can we leave off killed number 44 Henry Aaron right Josh right i think that
uh this very bonds thing is a scandal i'm i'm disgusted and nauseated but even though we got
some people on the station who kisses ass i mean his whatever he accomplishes in fact i noticed
that his last home run was number six six six which i find it's something appropriate there don't
you six six six oh my god yeah he may be the anti-Christ very bonds steroid laden uh phony piece of
crap put an ass to risk on any records he says tell me that right now airs outs
let's see i'm a diehard cardinals fan but this great center fielder for the cardel single
handily destroyed the sport of baseball you're right Kurt flood three agency Kurt flood you got it
got it as in flood in your pants Casey Stangle my favorite lines is this fact so we managed one of
the teams in the 66 all-star game insane Lewis it was a hundred one degrees officially a 120 on the
field he was asked what he thought of the new bush stadium he replied it holds the heat well
not bad not bad Casey well anyway see you would have enjoyed Casey Stangle but then that was back
in the day as a as a what before as they are comedian that is a big deal he was a funny guy all right
i'll watch a show a journey trickster's bush plananza even Lauren green is embarrassed i'm not
gonna read the whole thing it's too long better give you like a little tease the man who stopped
the minorick on makes gaming millions right this is from the village voice Roger stone the
dirty tricks hobgoblin of republican politics has exploited his bush connections to become an
influence predilege force in the thirteen billion dollar Indian gaming industry stones booming
business in such a federally regulated enterprise makes his recent pro bono orchestration of
al-sharkton's double edged presidential campaign and even stranger covert caper the long time
geop consultant's reward for fomenting the Brooks brothers mob that shut down the day county
recount the two thousand election was an invention with an invitation within days of bush's election
to serve on the department of interior transition working group helping his own words to staff its
bureau of Indian affairs the b.i.a stone as since used this unannounced purchase to market himself
the tribes developers from Louisiana to California earning fat fees and contingent percentages
of future casino revenue just two of the five deals examined by the village voice are projected
to the payment least eight million perhaps as much as thirteen million dollars time the Washington
post and the New York Times of public exposies about bushes b.i.a. with a February story highlighting
forty five million dollars in payments to two g.o.p lobbyists from four tribes since 2001 even
defost faces turn in red but no one is focused on stones profiteering which unlike the payments
to register lobbyists have not reported any public filings he's routinely brought into casino
deals in part because of his perceived ability to win bush and or republican congressional support
a role ostensibly inconsistent with his financing and staffing of the bush bashing reverence campaign
but it was sharp in himself who focused the voices attention on stones but ends in indicating
that business vote is pushed on to take over the campaign it's all about Indian gaming he said
when pressed recently to explain sharp and said i will not spell it out maybe because he can't
spell it out who else knows in fact stone is a history of bizarre political operations beginning
with his watergate era infiltration of the the govern campaign and sharpened as his own
bunkal background beating up on democrats the benefit behind the scenes g.o.p allies like
the motto George Pataki and Mike Bloomberg i helped sharpen because i like him say stone
of edwin of the Nixon Reagan dual and bush campaigns who steered two hundred and twenty eight grand
the sharpens nationalized to network last year there's no connection between helping sharpened
my business who would advise his stone scripting sharp and any damage the reverence might do with
burnish stones modified these would bush thereby bolster in his leverage for second term gaming
deals stone and sharp and can see they still talk and stones ally Charles howlin remains the
manager sharp and suspended campaign organizing fundraisers to pay off a six hundred thirty four
thousand dollar debt hundred and thirty four grand of a dude of five stone tied eight and the
story goes on and on about stones multi-million dollar motivation it's a long story from village
voice it's a lot of right today it's it's disturbing you see basically what we're dealing with
is a bunch of crooks and you people are there been brainwash that you'll sorry for you because most
of you whether it's the religious brainwashing crap or the political brainwashing crap or both
is the case in so many cases and just can't see the forward the jeth to four for the trees man
that's a problem there are bunch of crooks after reading that crap about carry again was really
I mean yeah i'll go from ten or twenty times sure he's the buffer but he's weak he's a lame ass
what he is bothers me badly and i'm sitting here trying to think of a politician and don't tell me
John McCain because what a sellout he is I'm trying to think of a politician that I can really
respect who I think is honest and i'm thinking well he killed a girl you know Teddy Ted Kennedy
right love him but he killed a woman right and so now you understand why bubble looks so good you
know it's so okay it was getting a few uh well we can't say the jays on the side whatever was
never killed nobody never killed nobody because presidents and senators don't have men killed
Michael who's being naive now QUE or CAT okay man very sad we're all bunch of crooks oh you're so
cynical they have on this something way it is okay if you want to be starry eyed and believe
that all these people are altruistic and they have our best interest at heart I'm good luck to you okay
why nine is added again WQM hello pretty good how about David Beckham David Beckham he's making a
big bucks yeah he's big one the world you're right thanks pali have a great day finding out his
haircut too David Beckham can you spell it B-E-C-K-H-A-M yeah i got it very good well you know who that is
your a sports nerd of soccer pretty boy right oh i would not change the pretty boy oh my god oh
geez jaysha courtesan said that that's what they whoa man your stocks just went down even the
marketing fall in that bed although i think looking too good uh that's go talent greenspan was on
everyone pop pop pop pop pop pop pop interest rate heights are in the future we can't say so
did not matter you know it's just a matter of time you just wait man all you and that's that's
whether it's the religious BS the political BS or the the investment BS we're all a bunch of
suckers we all get laid down the garden path pretty sad how's it going so far here the most
important athlete of the 20th century a hundred and nineteen it's 20 almost 30 percent look at that
no athletes are important they're pretty militant about it too they are p-o'd uh lean the pack
and bud jackey robocity two mahamidol e46 babe root 45 baby Ruth at least he had a candy bar
named after jesseones 37 michael jordan 16 and if funny how baby Ruth keeps showing up in a
principal dan marino 15 tiger woods five oj's got five all from inside a qm building i'm sure
gym thorp is got five paleis got four gelontana four main greski four lance arms strong three
willy shoemaker two bavios got up here a pair for number four jodamazio two Roberto Clemente
ariba ariba he's got one tycov one gym ground one george arms strong and the chief has got one
all right mark spits one Arthur ass has got one and no votes yet for kacy stangel hankeerin
curt flood or david beckoning just went up there i'd afforded twelve votes
this is pretty important stuff keep that in mind
27 past 11 at five sixty wqm lobster faces back at the world famous amul kos chinese buffet
if you've never been there we're not just talking about another one of those
aging buffets that pop up on every street corner we're talking about one that's untouchable
it's just phenomenal because it's the spring now with all the spring breakers out there kids
six at under eat for free at the amul kos in addition amul kos still offers you all of their
sensational mouthwatering dishes you can start off your delectable eating experience such as
needing experiences of pig out with any of their six different soups try them all if you like
they got on phrase like you've never seen before New York strip made the way you like it to order
if they're sizzling Asian grill their brand new hunon fish main lobster thermidor style jona crab
oysters on the half shell jona jona and the whale and if you still have room it's a whale of
a faye try their hand carb primer and their newtie specialties too and the amul kos per most healthy
living too because they don't use any crap when they cook their food no msg no cornstarch they cook
only with cluster offering oils and they're afraid even features a full sound bar a full chinese
food line up a brand new sushi bar and of course fresh see them cocktail and if there's any room
after all of these things which would be a miracle but i've seen a lot of you people you probably
even probably a stuff a little in there some dessert they got a full dessert station featuring
Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit
three amul kosal occasions for you by the way nice strong last night Richard
what he didn't play in the game but he was i'm sure rooting very hard there is sunrise sunny
austenberg pie so take the whole family book an ex-business lunch and right now and don't forget
to fill out a membership card too as you can get you that monthly newsletter let our friends
at the amul kos book up a storm for you take out and deliver you available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 they
don't like the amul  plans
all my Auntie town
And five six oh, WQM!
Alright! There were pills and portions made with disurbal. Most folks were very unaware.
They might kill you, want to scare until the empty.
A said will stop you. These are dangerous and better means.
You can't seldom leave a job they couldn't ignore. Cause hot attacks and more.
It was a signal like no other. Now it's fan-front stores, you no longer look.
You buy a fed truck. You're the hottest thing ever. So get done with you no longer.
You buy a fed truck. Totally is so passionate on the public passion for a fed truck.
They're out of your own.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Roy!
It's 27-go-lune with 560-watt-2-way.
A man dog at 2, the hopper at 4, Marlon's baseball gun, they're letting him fill it off.
George, your West Palm Beach, you better check your calendar, please.
The poll question is, the most important athlete of the 20th century was, and George says, name for your poll, Tom Brady.
I guess he's thinking, oh, I'm going to be all excited about that. Well, I'm all excited about Tom Brady.
But the fact that it matters is he won two Supermoles in the 21st century. Am I correct about that?
You are correct.
Absolutely. Right? That's what I said.
So, in 96 years, George, faxes back again and will be more than delighted because I'm sure, during that period of time, Tom Brady will probably won several more Supermoles.
Absolutely. Right? How many?
About 30, man.
So, at that point, he'll qualify. No problem.
Some of these people, man, silly people. Right to near this from the Australian newspaper, proving that males are a biological frill.
Japanese and Korean scientists have created a healthy mouse born with no male genetic material at all, kind of like freaky carloas, no male genetic material at all.
It's a process called Pratheto genesis, and until now it's never happened in mammals from mice to L-manicers.
In contrast, many insects and reptiles, not to mention plants, take advantage of this all-girl form of reproduction.
Because mammals are inhibited from reproducing by Pratheto genesis, we decided to study by sperm and eggs that required for normal development in mammals.
Teen leader Tomahiro Kono said from his office at the Tokyo University of Agriculture, Professor Kono's group discovered that the stumbling block was a phenomenon called genomic imprinting, a process that turns off either the male or female version of a gene when eggs in sperm meet to produce an embryo.
It sounded esoteric, but the finding in the sense that a reveal was remarkable, said embryologists packed their tan of Sydney University and Westmeads Children's Medical Research Institute.
According to Professor Tan, imprinting is like some birth defects.
And that's another thing about your president, by the way. People would die of beanies like me. People would all sorts of ailments.
People with spinal cord injuries like Christopher Reeve and thousands and thousands and maybe millions of others.
They could be walking today. They could be healthy.
But we don't want that stem cell research because it's the religious and the Pope are all bent out of shape about it.
See, this is what keeps the world in the stone age. This is what imposes and inflicts so much misery on people.
Is the fact that religious crazy people are ruling the world and they have since the beginning of time.
Just about as you read your history, of course, George is an expert on meaningless history as you read it.
Oh, look at this. This is really cute. Another phony as you read it.
That's cute. Why did you send that to me? I thought it was funny. It's cute. Read it on the ear.
It's a... yeah.
Sign Michael Powell though, it's cute.
Here you go, George. It's funny. The fact Michael Powell probably likes this, so strong.
He likes how it's turned. It's just that he has to follow the law. That's all. He can't impose his own personal views.
Right.
Speaking of crazy religious people, the Bible college that leads to the White House. This is from the Independent UK.
It's on our website again. I'll read just a short part of it. I don't want to get too a Newsy here.
Okay, get that one guy all bent out of shape. I don't want to sit here and read too pedantic and read and read.
I mean, like, who am I reading this to? Okay? Who am I reading it to? The children. The children. Read to the children.
The campus is immaculate. Everyone is clean, cut and cheerful, but just what are they teaching at Patrick Henry College?
And why do so many of their students end up working for George W. Bush?
It says it's worth making clear from the outset that Patrick Henry College and Royal Virginia is not your average American university.
At Patrick Henry, the students about 75% of them have been taught at home rather than in schools.
I required to sign a statement of faith before they arrive confirming among other things that they have a literal belief in the teachings of the Bible, literally.
Oh, my God.
At Patrick Henry, students must obey a curfew. They must wear their hair neatly and dress modestly.
Kind of like the Mormons, I guess.
Students must also obey a rule stating that if they wish to hold hands with a member of the opposite sex, they must do so while walking.
Standing while holding hands is not permitted. Keep moving.
And at Patrick Henry, students must sign an honor plates that bends them from drinking alcohol less under parental supervision.
Let me ask you something. If you're holding hands with a solidly prince, can you be standing still?
They were moving. If you saw the tape, they showed it. They were moving. In fact, Bush almost fell down.
Maybe the prince was holding him up.
Yet these things alone that I make the college special error after all number of Christian establishments across the US, then enforce such a strict fundamental scope for their students.
Know what makes Patrick Henry unique is the increasingly closed critics say alarmingly closed links.
This recently established right wing Christian college has with the Bush administration and the Republican establishment as a whole that's spelled with the W.
Just like Bush.
This spring of the almost 100 interns working in the White House, seven are from Patrick Henry.
Another intern works for the Bush Hating Relection campaign, while another works for President Bush has seen the political advisor Carl Ravenrove.
Yet another works for the Coalition for Vision Authority in Baghdad.
Over the past four years, 22 conservative members of Congress have employed one or more Patrick Henry interns.
Janet Ascroft, the wife of Bush's Bible thumping attorney general, is one of the college's trustees. And this is no coincidence.
Rather it is the very point students at Patrick Henry are on a mission to change the world indeed to lead the world.
When after four years or so of study they leave their neatly kept campus with its close mone lawns.
They do so with a driving commitment to reshape their new environments according to the fundamentalist right wing vision of their college.
Critics say Patrick Henry system cannot help but produce narrow-minded students with extremist views that the college has openly stated, aim is to train young men and women,
who will lead our nation in shape our culture with timeless biblical values.
Oh my God!
Nancy Keenan of the Liberal Campaign grew people for the American what he says, the number of interns from Patrick Henry can be going into the White House scares me to death, she says.
People have a right to choose where the children are educated, who work in a sense that they are not exposed to the kind of diversity this country has.
They are training people with a very limited ideological and political view.
If these young people are going into positions of power they have to govern with all people in mind just a limited number.
Well guess what Nancy?
Not no more!
Not no more honey, the article goes on it's well worth reading.
It's a long article from the independent UK.
Got it? Got it.
It's on our prestigious website nearRodges.com.
We're asking today on our pool the most influential athlete of the 20th century was,
I'm sorry the most important, well you can use anywhere the greatest the most, well whatever you like.
No athletes are important 134, 28% almost.
Stop turning man!
Jackie Robinson 96, Muhammad Ali 59, Babe Ruth 50, Jesse Owens 43, how about putting Jesse Owens on there?
Good idea, let's do that.
Michael Jordan 20, Dan Moreno 15, Tiger Woods 9, Lance Armstrong 8,
Palei 7, Wayne Gretzky 5, Old Needle Nose, O.J. Simpson 5, The Slasher, Jim Thorpe 5, Joe Montana 4, Fabiore still only got 2.
That is criminal.
Well he's shoemaker 2, Dota Maggio 2, Roberto Clemente 2, David Beckham 2, 1 for Arthur R.R.
Shiekob, Jim Brown, Jordan Armstrong, Mark Spitz, Hank Aaron Nun, a big ole for a pertfloor at a Casey Stangle.
Out of 476.
I guess most people over, even though he was a very marginal baseball player himself,
Casey Stangle, they look upon him as an athlete because he was a manager.
You think that's possible?
He was a man-gwer.
Okay.
I'll be a language.
19 till noon at 5, 60 WQM, nobody wants to talk about diseases, okay?
Because, yeah, it's scary.
What are you?
Nobody wants to think about cancer or heart disease.
Yet, you ought to yourself to find out if you're in good health.
It's a proven fact that you can cure disease a hell of a lot faster if treatment is, if you find it early.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
which is so much less invasive and uncomfortable than the traditional colonoscopy.
Along with their amazing, which I had these last week, the coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams,
that can detect cancer, other life threatening diseases in their early stages,
and doctors before it was even needed.
You just lay in the machine, and you don't have to really do anything.
Don't even have to take all your clothes off.
Just lay there like in the MRI, and they take all the photographs,
and amazingly, they can look down and computerize view through your entire body.
Into your lungs, into your heart, the whole deal, if you have one.
In fact, it was surprisingly found to heart in my body.
For all your imaging museums, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.54,
9.66, 3600, for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind.
That's the most important part of the heart.
Well, I guess that's number one, and number two, if they do find something, find it early.
Why can't you still do something about it?
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you the state of their imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scans, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
They got it all.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving in the community for over 20 years now,
and the facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you or a loved one.
So-called Hollywood Diagnostic Center Day for your imaging museum,
that it could be a life-saving phone call, please call them and check this out.
Call 9.54, 9.66, 3600.
That's 9.54, 9.66, 3600.
We're long and Jerry.
Oh, well, I'm the right hand of God.
And I will come today up with my TV on and instead of Happy Weeks or CNN.
I saw a purple creature with a gaze sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down, try and the purple pinky-way.
Up, side down, try and the purple pinky-way.
Up, side down, try and the purple pinky-way.
Up, side down, try and the purple pinky-way.
Up, side down, try and the purple pinky-way.
Hey, there's the beans.
Where is the dust when I thought things couldn't get worse?
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now.
And they call this a children's show.
I gotta be purple, but I have a brown hole.
He has a little twat, and try and the purple pinky-way.
Up, side down, try and the purple pinky-way.
I grew up to carry your balls.
Hey, purple pinky-way.
Hey, there's the beans.
We're almost about crispy and kind of heart-able.
But on the television show, he is a TV screen.
It had a purple theme, a slightly straight ad-tee.
That was growing and all, and it's through the whole image.
Brown holes and purple ceilings, I think, were run on a verge.
You're right on line, what do you think?
Oh, I'm sorry, I was out of the room.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with that.
What what?
It's 1147 at 560 WDQM 13-dil noon.
Ted Williams, how come nobody's mentioned these splendid splinter yet?
Because they took as he mentioned Jesse Owens over and over again.
Hey, how about Jesse Owens?
How are Ted Williams?
Number nine, you got it there, Josh Ted Williams?
I got it there.
At least put his head on it anyway.
567, he had a good head and shoulders Ted Williams.
He used to kill pigeons this been way forward.
In a spare time.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WDQM, hello.
Yes, sir.
What about Wilchained Wind?
What about him?
Father of our country.
There you go.
How about you?
Okay, thanks.
I beg your pardon.
Let's get him on there right away, Wilfest Stilt.
He's putting him on there.
He's putting him on there right now.
Of course, the thing I like about him best.
Wilchained a little bit of the rate.
What was that?
567, 05, 60, pound, 560.
Absolutely.
The AT&T in Verizon wireless line WDQM, happy Wednesday.
Hello.
Peter, we're out.
Go ahead.
Haha.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah, I want to add a man to the list.
Yes, sir.
Mario Lemieux.
Mario Lemieux, number 66.
Great show, Alchemist.
Thanks, Polly.
Mario Lemieux, nothing to spell that.
Lemieux.
Lemieux.
Lemieux.
Speller right, man.
You want to get the dandruff from them frogs.
You want to stir their dandruff.
Mario says he's going to play next season.
To his matter of fact, how many times do we turn down?
About 30 minutes.
We're going to be no next season anyway.
Be sure and send in your money for the Panthers for next season.
Be sure and send that money in because
Alan Cohn wants to hang out with for a year or so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Maybe this poll isn't, maybe it's too narrow, you know, the sports part of it?
Pretty neat.
I don't know.
I just don't think that there's the same excitement about this.
We should have divided the other ones up.
Yeah, that was my band.
Well, when we said entertainers, we should have said like musicians, music people.
Right.
And then we should have like actors and the, you know, TV people.
Stuff like that.
Don't you think?
We should have.
I mean, for example, how do you compare like George Burns with John Letter?
Exactly.
How do you compare Steven Tyler with Jackie Gleason?
I stand him up next to each other.
Bigger lifts.
On who?
W.Q.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Pretty good.
Look, you remember that classic song, My Dingling?
Yes, Chuck Berry.
Yeah.
You should play that, but that's just speech police.
They probably wouldn't care about that one.
Can't play that, man.
You can't play that?
You're going to be kidding me.
Are you losing it?
You can't play that in no more, man.
You better get with the program, baby.
You better wake up and start sniffing me of dandelions.
You understand the distopposities track of everybody, my strikers?
My dingling, my ass.
Five.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
You know, it's not bad enough.
We just did the purple-tinky winky there, with the purple penis in the, whatever that was.
Which I don't even want to say anymore.
Right.
Or whatever.
I mean, that was about as close to dancing to that line as possible.
That's what I was asking.
Can you play that, uh, well, you know, I think I'm going to edit this one, because I like it just too much.
Will another part?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can put a few.
You'll see.
All right.
I did that masterful job at the Bill Cigar and Monica's.
Right.
Amazing stuff.
Right.
And for example, I'm spending all my time these days.
I, you know, better things to do, but you gotta spend all our time editing everything down.
So we can like, dumb it down and clean it down to the American public.
All those people are graduated from that school I was just reading about.
Patrick Henry.
Give me liberty or give me death.
What, what irony there is there, you know what I'm saying?
I can't even find this thing.
Oh, here it is.
Here's the one.
Get in the man that's right.
I have the arrow.
See?
What a great job that is.
And if you didn't like that one, I think this one is almost equally outstanding.
If I can find it.
Gunsula, I have the arrow.
Yeah.
Girl, Geldie, the human sensor man, when it's out, Geldie it out.
We used to say bleep it out, but now Geldie it out.
We sure is how it spices it up a little bit.
Go to QA and hello.
I do.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I've got one in particular.
He was a great entertainer in a great outfit.
John Holmes.
Right.
And he still did.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, John Holmes.
These people are the best, aren't they?
Let's go for a drink.
Well, let's see if we can have the trifecta.
How about Sherlock Holmes?
WQA and hello.
Come on, you can do it.
Hey, knew how you doing today.
Pretty good.
I got a suggestion for your poll.
I'm not quite sure if I got the guy's name right.
He's an older hockey player.
You used to play before Gretzky, I think his name was Gordy Howe.
Gordy Howe.
Howe.
I have a howe now, Brian Kow.
Gordy Howe.
Oh, number nine.
Detroit Red Wings.
Howe's heard the wailers.
Yeah, really good player, too.
Great player.
Today, we're going around the scene play, yes.
Can I make a suggestion?
Can I, yes.
Can you play a little Mickey and Eisner for me?
No.
567-0560, pound 567.
Come on, already with that.
You know, it's getting really ponderous like everything else.
Although it is one of the few things we can still play.
I'll take it under advisement.
Okay, we'll take it to committee.
Oh, Eisner.
There we go.
That's a little Mickey and Eisner, right?
That's Mickey Duan Eisner, if you're part of that expression.
567-0560, pound 567.
You got Gordy Howe on there?
Yeah, he's on there.
In fact, this guy didn't even know his real name.
He didn't see, he didn't really want to give a name.
He just wanted to hear the Mickey.
Yeah, that's all.
Very, very sad.
It just breaks my heart.
Well, here's the new biography of Ted Williams.
See, that's why I put it on there.
It was showing some, I thought that was a commercial or something.
In fact, they're going to cut out.
Darren Kagan's going to interview Ted Williams frozen ahead in a while.
That thing, I read the other day.
Darren Kagan was, who the hell was she interviewing?
It's mind-blowing.
It's part of the same thing I'm talking about how dangerous CNN is.
Wait until you see Darren Kagan interviewing Walmart Kadoffy tonight on CNN.
And tomorrow they're going to have Solidet O'Brien interviewing a pre-trial interview for Sodom who's saying, with Solidet O'Brien.
And the public says, oh yeah, that makes sense to me.
Scary.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I'm talking about the mail.
Speaking.
Yeah.
Yes.
What I was wondering is, you know that song that you guys used to do with the Backpack song?
Can't go right now, more man.
Not a chance.
Not a chance.
Now do you think if Terry gets it off, if anything's going to change?
No.
Not at all.
Not that kind of thing, no.
That's it.
That's it.
We're in for this for life now, huh?
What is it?
We're in for this for life.
You remember, baby, you're America.
Love it or leave it.
See, they don't listen to me.
It's not a political thing.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
There is no political courage out there.
You can send out a search party.
It doesn't exist.
If it existed, we wouldn't be having all these kids dying in Iraq every single day.
Over 700 of them.
And all these Iraqis just being blown to bits.
I wish I would have kept that story from this morning because there was that one line in it.
It just made me want to vomit.
About the burned, unidentifiable, mutilated bodies of the Iraqi children being dragged off the streets.
After the car bombings in Bosnia this morning.
I mean, what are we talking about?
They're doing it to them, say, oh, yeah, there you go.
They blow it on your hands.
All of you people who support this war, whether you're Republicans or Democrats, you're just a bunch of idiots.
You have blood on your hands.
You're a bunch of murderers.
Just like the people keep calling it what it started, it ends about, well, Israel is always right and is right.
Yeah, right. You've got blood all over your hands.
Just like the era of fart and the Shiroin that do them.
It's government-drared.
Project.
Because everybody from the time they're like, is little teeny tots.
The religious bullcrap and the political bullcrap and these are these people are good.
And these people are bad.
And the right is good and left is bad.
And the other way around.
And it's july, it's childish.
They're all a bunch of crooks.
Jesse Ventura thinks he's going to get even elected dog catcher again.
He's dreaming.
Come on out there and talk about being an atheist and about the religious people are weak.
He's right.
I mean, here's a guy that had the balls to open up a mouth and say something.
But at least nobody's going to, you know, not to his face.
They're not going to mess him up with him.
He'll slam him in two seconds right down to the floor.
Right.
But the fact is that if anybody thinks somebody's a real independent thinker is going to be elected
to the any kind of high position in this company, you're dreaming not no more.
That's the answer to your question about where the hell do these people come from?
Was it Michael Duke caucuses come from?
Where the hell does George W. Bush come from beside hunger?
They don't have to buy accident.
I hate to break the news to you.
They're long, long time ago.
All of that changed.
All of these secret meetings behind the class.
I'm almost, I'm almost start ready to jump into bed with these other conspiratorialists out there.
You know, the builder burger is the trial lateral commission and the Illuminati.
It makes more sense than anything else.
How else do you explain this crap?
You have thick out all the wrong titles.
And don't forget all those other great leaders like Jimmy Carter.
I'm out of here!
I am more!
I'm just 20 and plastic.
I'm in the game way, yeah.
You call me Mr. Moots.
And I've been visiting it to the Dwellordin' Hour.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been keeping around these two days.
I think the classic shit of wheels makes the up-to-way of robots would die here.
Ah!
Now we've been keeping it kind of in the drink and school, then it dies off the bus seat.
I've got the kind of liquid cherry yoke.
Ah, baby.
I'll quit that good other cherry cherry if he beppin' pretty.
Ah, baby.
Shining the inner building is really big.
If this is a big hit, now it's the one down south of the road.
It ain't a big bad soup of that way.
Now the car's as soft as the big deal, so may I get around and drink you a graze.
I'm not 79.
My own bone cattle ain't us.
So we can ride now, you small baby, devil, that tall baby.
I'll quit that good other cherry cherry if he beppin' pretty tall, steady baby.
Shining the inner building is really big.
I've got my way to those down, none of us on the day.
Cause they're easy though, with no way.
Sweaty pressure of all seats, stuffs with smell, it gets the dusty look at all this time.
I'm a taxi-dew man, the shiny granite smell like lily, then my coffee-china,
and the two reserving washing it with on the road.
Tall, old baby, over the night of cherry cherry if he beppin' pretty tall, baby.
Michael Schottick, who's throwing over Steve Holmes' name,
Tall, old baby, first known interior of the city, if he beppin' tall, baby.
Call 385-60 W. Cumeo, Daniel Ellsberg, I think we have his article I put it on on our website today.
He had it right, let's just get that out.
Right, hand over the case to the kingdom, June 30th, to whomever they, whoever wants to take him,
you know, just stand in the middle of the street and just toss him up, you know.
Oh, but the one thing, and then, you know, we need to get out July 1st.
Yeah.
But don't you think things will be out of control if we leave?
18 schoolchildren among those 68 or more killed this morning in the latest car abominance suicide bombings in Vosra,
18 schoolchildren, little kids in a way to school.
I just mentioned that in passing. See, it doesn't make any difference because television has so desensitized the American public
that nothing goes on, whether it's Columbine, whether it's all of this massive,
and I notice now they got a new deal on CNN.
I used to be Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Now it's Mission Iraq, whatever the hell that means. I have no idea what it was that mean.
Well, we're out of mission to do what?
Shut up.
Anyway, in fact, they just changed, there was something else last hour.
Now it's mission or mine. They just keep changing it.
John Nichols got a good column here in the nation as usual.
Remember, you wouldn't.
Congresswoman Gerald E. Eric, Elizabeth the Holstman from New York.
No, but you could have said Gerald E. Ferraro.
Now, why so we, well, they're both in New York, so it was a Freudian slip.
Anyway, time frame.
History usually provides a roadmap for the present. Unfortunately, leaders fail to consult the map.
That's certainly been the case as a 9-11 commission that's prepared to hear behind closed doors testimony
from Vice President Dick Cheney and President George Bush at the same time.
Members of the commission, for the most part, members of Congress have attempted the secret testimony and accepted the secret testimony arrangement.
But why?
Presidents have testified before investigatory committees before, and they have done so on comparable issues.
Former US representative Elizabeth Holstman reminds us that in 1974, amid the national firestorm that followed President Gerald Ford's pardon of former President Nixon,
Ford voluntarily appeared before a House of Committee that was reviewing the pardon.
The President came before the subcommittee, made an opening statement, was questioned by the House members, although each of us had only five minutes,
I was able to ask the President directly whether it did be in a deal with Nixon about the pardon.
The public were determined by Ford's demeanor in his words whether to believe his emphatic denial of any deal recalls Holstman,
was the young member of the House was a key player in the judiciary committee's investigation of the Watergate scandal.
The fact that important questions could be posed directly to the President and the fact that the President was willing to face down his various critics in public
were healthy things for our country, and not even the Strasches Republicans complained that the presidency was being demeaned.
Now, recalling the history of Holstman Rises that President Bush could and should simply appear before the 9-11 Commission.
There is no constitutional crisis here, there is no dangerous precedent that could be established, and there is no question of proportionality,
certainly the intensity of the demands for an explanation of the Nixon pardon can appropriately be compared with those for an explanation of how the current administration responded to terrorist threats before and on and after the September 11th of 2000 Montetags.
As with the Nixon pardon, the events of 9-11 have caused huge national concern explains Holstman, the victimist families as well as millions of others have asked why it happened and what if anything could have been done to avert the tragedy, these are simple reasonable questions.
The best response to those simple reasonable questions the Holstman argues would be for Bush to volunteer to testify in public and under oath to be national commission on terrorist attacks on the US.
Bush would be wise to take a page out of Ford's book, Americans could then decide themselves whether to agree or disagree with Bush's pre-9-11 conduct, they want to trust their president, they want to know that he acted with the best of motives, that he used good judgment, that he's a leader, in other words that as chief executive, he knows when and how to mobilize the government to take action Holstman asserted, and an opinion PC wrote this week for New York Staley News.
If George refuses to answer reasonable questions in public, the indelba impression is left that he has something to hide, that impression is being forced by the White House's insistence that Vice President Cheney sit with Bush at the hearing.
The president cannot afford to convey the image that he's afraid to appear on his own and needs of the 9-11 commission or the public should permit a behind closed or a session for anything except national security information, the same principle should have applied the testimony of former President Bill Clinton.
Holstman's wise comments beg one question, why didn't anyone think to put this former member of Congress in the 8th of New Yorker on the 9-11 commission?
There were a number of commissioners who share her experience, including Chris Richard Bevanista, who hated US Justice Department Watergate Task Force 73-75, but would seem that the commission could use someone who recognizes that Holstman does that there is no better crucible in a public hearing to help ensure that the truth will come out.
Good idea, it couldn't happen though, he's got to be holding Dixand.
I said, he's got to be holding.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I said.
How do I print some dollar?
Dula.
From Saudi Arabia.
That picture is just a mind blow, and especially when they showed it several times in slow-mo and free-stream life, not in the S&BC.
The most important athlete of the 20th century is or was no athletes are important, 163 said that.
Jackie Robinson, 112, Muhammad Ali, 76, baby Ruth 55, Jesse O. and 52, Michael Michael Jordan, 29.
10, Marino 17, Tiger Woods 12, Lance Armstrong 10, everybody else single digits, even for Georgia I'm strong with chief.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless live.
I just don't know what it takes anymore to get the American public pissed off.
You are?
Box cars.
No, no, seriously, what is it saying?
Pissed off, get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
I mean, $2 or a gallon gas.
That doesn't seem to bother anybody, even though we were supposed to get, that was part of the deal.
We're going to get all this cheaper gas, we had that Iraqi oil, you know.
Well, of course, even though we weren't going to take over the oil fields,
just for going in there, you see the whole of the old boils down to this.
Back to the original, the first Gulf War 91.
We didn't give a flying crap about Kuwait.
That wasn't the reason that we went in there.
We went in there because our close dear personal friends and keep in mind who was president at that time,
his last name happened to be Bush.
Our good friends, the Saudis, were peeing in their pants.
That once Adam finished off with Kuwait, he was going to just keep marching right on.
And then Saudi Arabia, take over the oil fields and kick their sorry ass out.
That's why we went in there 91 in the first place.
I just, I just mentioned passing.
Saudi Arabia, that is the sand, chigger in a wood pile.
Okay, make no mistake about it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos Line.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you going?
Somebody that you know personally, be tempers.
There you go, why not?
Okay, now I have two QA inspired reports.
Yes, wait, tempers, there you go, you got it?
Between 6.30 AM and 7.30 AM.
How are the David Blurchoff and GD?
Oh no.
Yes, he did.
And now how are David and Blurra?
How come they didn't jump at the gun out of the air?
I got on the air.
Oh no.
And then from 8 to 10.
Oh my God.
And then from 8 to 10, the big old show, all I was was the basketball trivia show.
Oh, that was the worst thing I've ever heard, Neil.
I'm going to tell you, if I could tell you how bad I feel following that swill that we had on the make-up in this morning.
I know you'll pretty well be upset about it myself.
It was terrible.
It was like, yeah, 1991.
Who was the job pick up they need in the...
Oh no!
What happened?
And that was the even way the Marlon tickets I get.
It's not the final.
Thanks for the bad news.
Oh, how do you like that?
So the moment, oh brother, I bet your...
His ass is going to be in hot water and he won't be soaking his voice either.
Are you ready for that?
I heard it.
I mean, the GD thing he let out this morning allegedly.
Next thing, you know what he's going to be saying?
You know what it is, don't you?
You're crazy.
Oh, no.
You see, I said that.
I'm not asking you to answer it.
Okay.
There it is.
I heard it.
Now if he says that, you...
Ah!
He's in deep doodle, man.
He's in deep whatever we can't say anymore.
Crap.
Why didn't they dump it?
Why isn't there a suspension?
You know, I have no idea what's going on with that crowd there.
There's something really.
And of course, Robert Creeper, he's like Elliot Ness.
You know, he's the untouchable.
Yeah.
I don't know what the...
Who he's got to make it pictures of.
I think it might be a clearance in Greg.
I mean, the Duffer, over the whole three of my don't know.
I don't know what it is.
The whole management team.
Endless screw-in.
Pivot girl.
But I mean, what is that all about?
See, if they were worried less about eating all the free food from how he's there in the morning,
under the...
in these trying times that we're trying to survive through right now,
and more worried about monitoring very carefully what's on here,
we wouldn't be having these things.
I can understand the old mole man.
Absolutely.
Who needs a Sicily old footie to the anyway, okay?
Boy, how about Pete Rose?
Somebody says to the polisher.
Why not?
Pete Rose.
There's a real scrumbag.
The third ever was one.
He never stand bold on since Sonatti read.
Baseball, right?
Sit there at the track where you make stack of bills,
and by the way, that tolerate call is pretty pissed off about you skipping her years ago, Pete Rose.
I'm gonna tell that story one of these days.
My house, you made a mistake on the ticket.
I'll tell the story.
I'm not gonna make sure I get it all right.
I...
She would strangle him if she could get her hands on him.
Destroy this woman's life.
That's Pete Rose.
And they are good.
Should he be in the hall of family?
Let me answer whether Pete Rose should be in the hall of family.
Who gives a flying crab, okay?
All the things that are going on in the world.
All of these things that are in the world of the day.
All of these things.
And they're worried that people out there worried about whether Pete Rose should be in the hall of family or not?
Scroom.
That's my comment, okay?
As most said this morning,
Right.
12, 13, and 5, 60, WDQM, you know,
when a guy is considering a hair replacement,
I'm getting tongue tied because every time I think about hair replacement,
I think about that.
Absolutely.
The moment.
You don't want to look like that, do you?
Does anybody know?
Oh my goodness.
That must grab, man.
It's more famous than he is.
You can always spot a really bad piece.
How many good ones, though, go on notice because you don't know if it's not the real thing.
Charles Alfie, where he's designed and supplied hair systems to show business celebrities for more than 35 years.
In fact, he's so infamous.
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America
that today shows CBS Morning News as well.
Introducing his patented hair system that offer you the most amazing natural hair line system you can find.
The most critical area of any hair system is the hair line, and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable.
It's so skin-like it's almost like having a condom on your head.
Charles Alfie, who is guaranteed you, is Trias Hair System for just a month, which is...
Not dirty, man!
30 days after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting just loaded with more action than you can even handle,
return it for a full refund.
So what's not to like?
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems and including shampoo and trim.
So not to like all Charlie, two day, and change your life forever with a great looking head of hair.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
Absolutely.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto his world famous website, Charles Alfieery.com.
I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I
I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I
Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael, I'm Michael
1st, got a cookie, Carolina Guard Y.
It's a music video, but, there's always an incredible music video.
A lot of you have sure it's music video angles oracaksn.
So, what can you do?
 University, the Center for Development.
The University ofoffs and the academics, the sector itself is there are as well.
promotions?
Anyway, it's going on right now but it's always good to practice a lot of tactics and get shot in while being a real organization.
What? I'm loving it. Beats that sports business.
You're loving it because you're not the barometer of the audience.
The audience out there wants a little bit of a few chuckles. See? Like that.
That sports. Forget about the sports part.
But all this business about like changing the world and getting all bent out of shape because all these leaders are liars and thieves and crooks and gypsies and tramp.
So what am I going to do about it?
Well, you're not going to change the world but it's fun to hear you pound on the desk.
Who else pounding on the desk or you know it's a figure's speech?
I see. How's that?
Without the desk?
That was the desk. Okay.
Hey, if it wasn't you'd probably hear one of those.
56070560.560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line.
Choices for the pool and of course any other fantastic information that you have to pass along.
We've got a call to you for the world. This is about the pool. Can I discuss something? Of course.
Of course, but you know we never assume we're going to get those kind of calls because how many years have been doing this?
About 30 men. We're going about that.
That's why we started doing these simple and pulls every day because otherwise if the audience doesn't have like a one word response to give.
It's like we're intruding on their brain and their gray matter a little bit too much and their gay matter.
Follow my drift.
WQM. Hello. Not there on line one. WQM. Hello.
Jesse Owens making on a list yet?
No, I haven't made it on there yet. We're working on it. WQM. Hello.
WQM. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
I got a name for your list of your female listeners can grow poor and it's not John Holmes. How about Billy Bulldy gene king?
Billy Gene King. Somebody suggested that earlier. I'll tell you the same thing I said.
No. Why would we put Billy Gene King on there? I don't know.
The most important athlete of the 20th century was Billy Gene. Okay put it on there. It'll make this guy happy.
Billy Bulldy gene king that is to you put it on there. Billy Gene and then we'll have to put what's his name?
Bobby Riggs. In Jack Riggs.
And now I'm seeing I'm just joking about that. I better say that because he'll put Bobby Riggs on there. I just know it.
How about Adapurna Cove?
Put Jack Riggs on there. Former voice of a Hazel Park. I think Jack Riggs retired or died one of the other.
You know what Jack Riggs was?
No. Good.
WDQAM Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
How about adding Wayne Gretty to Paul's?
WDQAM Hello.
What about the golden bear?
Our Arnold Palmer from the Gulf of America.
The golden bear our old Palmer.
How about Jack Palmer?
How about William Palmer? He used to drive it pump it over.
What's there? Wow. That's too well.
567-0560. Put Arnold Palmer on there. Put the golden bear.
Jack Nick Lissander. Let's get a bunch of golf guys on here.
So this old toe that's just called him in to go with the phony voice. Come on.
Let's go. Let's put him on.
567-0560.
Tom 560. See you know what this really proves?
How unimportant sports really is.
Yeah.
And we had died. It does.
I mean other than Joe Nguyen Dyke and Eddie Bell for it.
Who else do we need on this list?
Am I right?
Who?
The Golden Bear.
The Golden Bear.
And what about Gary Roberts?
Two of his matter. Well, we're on it.
Don't put him on there now. I have to clarify each and every one.
And the audience probably wonders.
Why do you keep saying that? Because if I don't clarify it.
I shall go ahead and put it on there. What does he know?
Well, you know who Gary Roberts is.
Josh? No, I don't.
Suddenly I have this pounding headache.
Why should he do?
I have this throbbing pain in the...
What do they call it? The neck of my neck.
What do they call it?
You're not on the sternum's in the front. I wonder if they call it.
How about...
That's what they call it. I've got a pain in the ass.
I didn't want to go into it.
Okay. I mean, we got sports on this station.
And then they hear that guy tell me about what the big...
Oh!
How come I knew that? Not just the music he played there.
Because he couldn't finish the two minutes without that crap.
He evidently couldn't...
He'd given away all the tickets that he had to give away.
With a bunch of stupid trivia questions.
And he had nothing left for two minutes.
So he plays music for two minutes.
Is that brutal or what?
That was our leading.
I don't want to play Butch Boss again, Duff.
That's a U idiot.
But if you ever put the big...
Oh! Again, as a leading lead in this show.
That'll be it.
At that point, at that point, you and I, part company.
We no longer will lead our own program director on this show.
If we had to be proceeded by the big...
Even if Duff had to do this show, it would have been more entertaining.
Even if Freaky Carlos had to do this show.
At least it would have been good for a few yucks.
Yeah, yuck.
Yeah, yuck. That's what I'm thinking.
Every time I think of Freaky Carlos, that's the word that comes to my mind.
Yuck!
Yeah!
Fath...
The big...
Oh!
Oh, man. He's brutal.
What are your people?
No, what are your people?
What are your folks? What are your silly people?
No, he's not one of my people.
He's a sports guy.
I'm not...
You.
Speaking.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen, I just want to think about something here.
You know, you think that we're at the end holds that you're using.
You might be want to be careful with that because that's where cousins come from.
W.Q.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. This is for George.
I love you.
I love you.
W.Q.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How about us?
Uh, Neil Rockney.
New Rockney, that canoe man.
Get it right, canoe. Canoot Rockney.
I just want to make sure George spells the right.
Okay, you got your K on there?
K.
New Rockney.
The most important athlete of the 20th century.
Put him on there, sure.
What about, uh, what's his name that loaned the Blue Gearage's glove?
What was his name, Josh?
What's that?
Wally Piff.
He was a real Piff.
Yeah, Blue Gearage says, Wally, loan me your glove and in like 3100 games later,
Wally's still sitting on the bench cooling his heels.
You just, uh, you people know nothing about sports.
That's what I would love to expose on this radio station.
It's supposed to be a sports station.
Most of the people we got on here are sports pretenders.
We got a couple of guys only know about his gambling.
Okay, that's it.
Gambling.
And then we got a couple of guys that used to wear a jog strap and take showers together.
And pretend to know something about sports.
When a sports nerd, when a sports star of the future sits there and tells me
he don't know who Gary Roberts is,
I have to raise four eyebrows on that and say, holy crap.
Yeah, that's two sports star of the future.
Who are you talking about?
Charles Cornis.
He doesn't want to do those sports shows.
Hell, you don't.
He, he better changes out to do it about that.
He'll see you how fast he'll be sitting out there in a street corner right there by Chuck Subcenter.
With his thumb out.
Like I said, I don't want to do sports.
I don't want to say out of where, but if your carpets look like a mess,
here's the answer for you to drive concepts.
I've used them in my house for almost the lifetime and seemed many different homes over 20 years.
Because about once a year, let's face it, unless you're a total slob,
you only have your carpets cleaned and looking just like brand new.
Not just your carpets, but your area rugs, your expensive oriental rugs, your drapey,
your furniture, all of these things.
Right.
And drive concepts is the best in the world to bring your carpeting back to life
because they dry clean your carpets.
Nobody else knows where it does it because it's an exclusive pendant method.
And when they finish your carpets, look and smell,
let me refresh just like brand new, and they last longer too as a result.
So here's the deal.
If you want to have your carpets looking just like you spend a lot of money
to put brand new on your floor just a couple of days ago,
this is the way to do it without spending them all like cash.
And speak in a cash, don't forget two things.
Number one, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
And number two, when you call the right concepts,
just ask them, please put me on your stand by list,
which means you can save another 15% off the already unbeatable price of their fantastic job.
Call the right concepts today.
You'll never be disappointed.
Call tool free, 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website,
dryconcepts.com.
And log.
This is 420-560-258-208.
Hey everybody, I'm getting five times a street up for the girl.
Oh, I have a fourth watch here.
I have a fourth watch here.
Look at that, guys.
I know, I know.
I have a fourth watch here.
I have a fourth watch here.
Welcome.
Welcome to head in the bus now.
Oh, oh.
Inside was a boy.
I threw away by Don't Have a Joy.
When I saw my birth game, I got a T-Wayla.
Most people can bet.
They tried to be wear a jet, watching the SPF in this neckline.
I was by the fourth watcher.
Oh, right.
I am a fourth watcher.
I can't decide if his balls.
I am a fourth watcher.
I am a fourth watcher.
Look at that, he has a third watch down.
I love to listen to sports radio all day.
I'm here by the show Sports Talk.
What's that over your head there?
That's underwear.
What's over my head there?
Come pretty to the 560 WDQAM.
So we got a real problem now.
I'm only starting with somebody we all know and hate.
Absolutely.
You think?
We have a problem.
He's got a problem.
It's a zero tolerance policy.
Last time I heard from the Beasley people, that's the problem we're talking about.
You didn't get a list of them.
Oh, is there?
Well, that's right.
That's a sports show.
I forgot about that.
So they can say GD and all these other things.
Probably going to be back to a scrum bag.
Because there's no passion at all.
Or a duke bag.
Oh, is that what it is?
That's the defining thing.
Right.
The Catholic defense.
They're not passionate about it.
I'm listening.
It was just a mechanical act.
And if you've ever heard Moe believe me, it sounds either mechanical or wooden or maybe
both of these things.
Anyway, it's just one of them.
I just mentioned passing.
And of course the car could have just made that up.
I don't think the Mollman, a refined, dignified New Yorker like him, would just slip it out.
And I'll blurt it out.
No.
Molderist who went to tutor, going to prison on violation.
Remember Tilley Tutor?
Sure did.
Scott Campbell got the break of his life probation no jail time, no conviction three years ago.
After knocking 83 year old Tilley Tutor into a swattering swamp and living here for a day.
Oi!
Tuesday he got no mercy.
Meaning yesterday?
Campbell 24 was sentenced to four years in prison nearly the maximum for violating his probation
by allegedly driving drunk in mining December an episode that saw him hit a moving car.
Along with the prison sentence he received a blistering lecture from Paul Beckman, the
Howard Circuit Judge who decided on leniency to last time Campbell faced him.
The reality is you were getting away with murder Beckman said Tuesday.
You had nothing but bright lights ahead.
You made me a promise that you would never come back.
You got the break of a lifetime.
It was handed you on a silver platter.
You didn't polish it.
You let it tarnish.
Part of me wants to put you away and toss the key is what the judge was saying.
In the August 2000 incident that made national headlines, Campbell hit Tilley Tutor, a Pemberpind's
grandmother who was now 87, knocking her toilet off at 5.95 into a mangrove swamp.
I remember like it was only yesterday.
At the time he told Polese he didn't notice that any car had plummeted from the elevated highway.
He said he thought he was in a single car accident.
But two to spend three days trapped in her car staying alive on gum, cough drops and rainwater
and his eucotainers steering wheel cover.
And maybe a little bit of effort and seeps through into that too.
It can't be all bad.
Although his probation probed and traveling outside Broward County, Campbell drove to my name
December when arresting officers asked him to take a breathalyzer test.
He said, uh-uh, he refused.
Both were confident that he had been drinking.
Officers said they were afraid to let a match near Campbell because he reached so bad
of alcohol, prosecutor Greg Rossman said they were afraid to let a match, which means
either he had a lot of booze on his breath or maybe he made that sound that we can make
any more on here that might have been it.
In 2002, Tudor was supportive of giving a second chance to Campbell and she even hugged
him in the courtroom.
Tudor was not in court yesterday although her name was brought up repeatedly.
There should be mercy in the justice system.
Everyone believed Campbell was in most of Tudor believed he was a most of Rossman said.
But here we are because he turned his back on mercy.
Campbell told Beckley was drinking with the same Friday carousel with around the time
of the Tudor incident.
I think enough of the Tudor no shoot.
No question.
Enough of the Tudor now ready.
My God, how many chances does he get?
Enough of the Tudor.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How about Kevin Wallace?
How about Erbey-Village?
Erbey-Village.
Kurt Flood.
I think we already got Kurt Flood only.
I don't think there are that many important sports figures in the 20th century because basically
they got about 10 names and they just keep repeating the same ones over and over again.
Like I said, this ain't no, and it's good.
You should be pleased with this.
Because if we had a Zidian different names you'd say, oh well, this sports must be very important.
There just aren't that many sports people who are all that important, okay?
So that's a good thing.
That's a bad thing for me because I keep punching up the phone and they keep saying Jesse Owens.
Let's put it all there then already.
Jesse Owens?
Yeah.
How about Jack Moisev?
The most important athlete of the 20th century was no athletes are important.
187, if you say that.
Jackie Robinson 131, Mohamed Ali 87, baby Ruth 63, Jesse Owens.
Oh Jesse Owens is on there.
57.
Oh, how do you guys?
Michael Jordan's got...
Bob Jordan, man.
Dan Merino 19, Lance Armstrong 13, the Tigers got 12 and Pelleys got 12.
Probably where I went and grits me a ton with Susan Pease.
We got no hockey people out there in South Florida.
We got a hockey team with no hockey people.
Does that make any sense?
No.
No, it's sad, for a sad.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey you.
Ray Boom Boom, man.
See you.
How about Henry Mancini?
Oh, let him off the other day and I'll have to do all the music for the Pink Panther movies.
Yes.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
And River, breakfast at Tiffany's, yes sir.
Don't forget Jim Thorpe.
Oh yeah, and let's put Jim Thorpe on there.
You got it?
WDQA and Hello.
QA and Hello.
How's Patrick the Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Jack Lillane.
Oh yeah, he's pretty athletic.
Love that blender for his though.
Doesn't need to do the one with a blender is that somebody else.
That's like juicy man, isn't it?
No, no, that's a different one to juicy man.
Oh, take it no more than athletic than him.
By the way, a juicy man just turned 41.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, J.F.
Love that.
But he's got even better eyebrows than Andy Runey, the juicy man.
Haven't seen him in a long time.
Maybe he died.
Maybe a little bit too much juice.
WDQA and Hello, that was Nicole's problem.
QA and Hello.
Hey Neil, you got Kirk Flubber.
You missed me out of Big Free Agent guy.
Joe Namus.
Oh Joe, well, we'll leave you all, okay?
He's having a few problems these days.
Thank you, sir.
Get your own Amethan there.
Now what do we do with that dry, oh here it is.
You know it's been a tough season since Jet Bans.
What is it you didn't know it now and it's you, Miss Struggling?
I wouldn't kiss you.
I couldn't care less about the team struggling.
I don't want to kiss you.
Thanks Joe.
Yeah!
You're smart for that.
Don't name it.
Part of the court.
We're getting it to you.
Well, some of these doesn't have time.
Wow.
Now you know what she's doing the same thing that I'm always telling Josh not to do
but he does it anyway.
She's talking through her teeth.
Do you want to hear that?
Now listen to her carefully in the beginning.
Joe has been a tough season since Jet Bans.
Joe has had tough season since Jet Bans.
Now what do you know it now?
Now what do you know it was like peaking all over her, you see?
I mean the fact that it was licked up a little bit.
It's been a little part of it.
But she has talked up to her, she had her clenched teeth.
Maybe because she couldn't stand the stench breath.
That might have been it.
That could have been it.
A little bit of that boozing and losing and cruising.
What is your nameeth baby?
There he is.
Pretty boring guy this day.
Plus he's a little bit.
That'd be a good pull.
Who's the most illiterate Josh of all time?
White.
Terry Bradshaw.
Joe nameeth.
What you want help from me on this?
Yeah.
Or Josh.
In our ticket white guy, Antley.
Oh, I know.
I got one.
Maybe the winner.
Joe DiGiola.
Get a check.
You don't remember Joe Garageola, huh?
Yeah, right.
What?
I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking about Josh.
He's the sports expert there at QAM.
I don't remember Joe Garageola.
No.
Totally and moly and what about Dizzy Dean?
Wow.
You are just so out of touch.
No, it just, it breaks my heart.
I mean, if you're working like a real world,
it's not on a real radio station that cared about things other than just stupid ball games.
That'd say, hey, or power to you.
You got room in your brain for something important, you know?
Like getting laid or something like that.
But I mean, you've got a clutter up your mind with a lot of useless stuff like Georgia City.
And Ray Crunk and Ray Stein and Gordon Norris and Charlie Norris Jr.
Can you imagine how much I can know about history and about the whole world if I could clear out all of it?
Just a harness racing name.
Forget about hockey, all the other useless stuff I got.
All the harness racing names and trivia that I have in my brain.
I think there's an operation they do.
I think the big, you know, who needs it?
Oh!
The big O, he needs it.
The trivia man.
The Mike Spindell of QAM, Mr. trivia.
If I find out that he's going to be on again tomorrow morning, you're doing the show.
I'll tell you that right now.
I don't want to like make idle threats.
Although we have a short show.
Like I said, a Friday morning, I find out he's going to be on.
I just had the feeling, even though I didn't hear hardly any of what he was doing.
But when I heard that music, what was he was playing again?
He was playing Happy Trails by that hailing.
Oh!
Oh my God, that's enough to make me want to blow somebody's brains up.
Somebody whose name ends in...
Oh!
Yeah, begins to end in...
Oh!
Springer the savings right now and save like never before.
That also ends in...
Oh, on a new car, a track from Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
They run US-120 minutes south of the A36.
And it's worth to drive down here because they're going to save you so much cash.
They're going to save you thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's.
Chuck Rathley's great least deals waiting for you right as I speak.
An O4 camera, you're 400 just 260 on a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 high-munder, just 309 a month?
You need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Thunder, the safest truck in the US of A?
Just 179 a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the great savings going on right now at Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
General manager David Fabrician has asked him to do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota two-day.
So experience for yourself the difference when you do your car shopping at Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
They're locally owned and operated, committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
Their service department's even open for your late to late week nights to make sure they get it all done for you.
Easy to find them, they're right in the corner of US-120, 23rd Street in Homestead, just 20 minutes south of the A36.
And listen carefully to this.
Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, batteries, and replacement parts for the life of your vehicle.
That's right, tires, batteries, and free parts for life.
Nobody, nowhere else does that.
So please don't waste your time with those big fancy, fancy, mega-card readers and giants who give you the big show in the dance and then let's you down.
Do the smart thing. Do your shopping at Armstrong Toyota Homestead, called a GM David Rich right now for an unbeatable deal called 305-242-247.
305-242-247, drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
What's just happened there?
I don't know.
Oh, you know what it is?
Yes, sir!
That's what it was.
I bet the local of the A665-60s, the radio's on yours now.
Oh, I'm not a human!
This is the Neoroncher Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
There's the groove.
And we're talking Hobble on 565WQM.
Call me homie right here at 567-H-O-O-565.
Call me homie, let me talk to the speedy of the Miami.
Speedy of the Miami.
Speedy of the Miami.
You know what me?
War and Commanding.
Or a Crow.
What do the Marlins have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve.
They got a swing the bat, hit the bone, hit the dice.
Remember, they gave a baseball and a 50% hitting.
There's almost half.
50% feeling, 50% vision and 20% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
What? Don't you be questioning me? What's your opinion?
He wants?
He wants.
He wants to know what I said.
You be his man.
Oh, no, I'm not getting the answer.
But I'll play ball, fetch and obey ball.
In a downward good you can get men half my size.
Did you?
Well, actually I...
How are you doing there?
I played in the tournament.
How are you doing there?
How are you doing there?
How are you doing there?
Call me homie.
I'm the Crow.
Out at gate Z.
Elemental B.
1248 and 562.
We got the mad dog at 2.
Oh, right.
The hopper at 4.
And then we got Marlon's pregame at 630, intime 705.
I'd rather hear the Crow from 8 to 10 than the big...
Oh!
...because at least he's funny.
Okay.
And it's very sick, twisted way.
And I'll say at least you can laugh and you can hear how what a goofball he is.
And he smells pretty.
Yeah, that's a big ball.
Oh, man.
He's just...
He's the...
...kidder.
Again, my personalist is only business.
Okay, don't take it personal Orlando.
But it's just...
He's not ready for prime time.
Awful.
And if he's going to be on the weekend of Mark,
give him a way to take it.
So I'm taking a few weeks off.
Now, again, I don't want to complain,
but I think following him and hearing that song,
that awful thing that went on and on for two minutes
even in the show this morning,
that sent me off on a wrong footing.
I just never been able to recover.
So I don't want to sound like I'm whining,
but getting this email that I just got,
this will show you what I'm saddled with.
Although you know you've had your own experience.
Okay.
Norma Kent.
Norma Kent, professional faggot.
What are you laughing about?
He sends me an email about...
You could never guess what this is about in a million years.
What you just gave us a hit.
Yeah, well, it's something like that.
Yeah.
Pride, they with the Blue Jays.
Now, the Toronto Blue Jays have lost 10 of their first 13 games,
which equals the worst start in team history.
They're an absolute joke.
They stink.
They blow, if I can say that,
in this context, they better not.
And he sends me an email.
Not the Maple Leaf slice,
but I just won their series in an exciting seventh game
against Ottawa four games to three,
with a four-to-one win last night,
right over here at the air,
a Canada center.
They were hucking the horns and go in nuts,
he had to go one two o'clock in the morning.
And he sent me about some fag baseball day.
Norma, stop being a professional faggot, okay?
Go eat a loaf with Charlie Krister,
somebody get out of my face.
God, Jesus Christ, a Christ.
On Friday, June 25th,
the song, Take Me Out To The Bowl,
he will have a whole new meeting.
That's the first pride day with the Blue Jays.
Come join the game.
I got news for it.
The game has been community in Toronto's going on.
They better have about three million seats.
Okay, I said about 10 million seats.
Friends, family, and community supporters of all ages
are welcome to cheer.
The Blue Jays take out the Montreal Expose.
Oh my God, here's what they're doing.
And all this other professional faggot that's all you are, Norma.
All these people are dying all over the world.
All you can think about is some stupid ass baseball game.
And they're inviting a bunch of fags to come out
as if they weren't enough there every day anyway.
Any place you got more than 100 people in Toronto,
I'll tell you right now, at least 50 of them are fags.
So what are you talking about?
Including some of the players.
God.
Excuse me if we get to work up about that.
That's a difficult one I deal with with him.
That's where his mind is.
I mean, the professional Jews and the professional Cubans
and the professional fags get a life, will you please?
I have no life.
Oh my God, think about something besides faggery.
No.
Man, how about street day at the ballpark?
Wouldn't that be great?
You're great.
Oh, man, what's that one bit we got?
Where the hell is it?
Oh, here it is.
It's a day day.
Here it is, the world.
When the screaming gaze keeps the rest of the girls
in the closet no more.
That's what day day is for.
It's a day day after all.
Four days.
That's enough.
Man.
Don't you think that, you know, as you go through life
you have to have a kind of like a variety of interests.
Yeah, normally normal people do.
Normally I didn't know.
I know she had a middle name.
It's normally can't.
I didn't know that.
Up till now.
Sister Peggy.
Normally can't.
560560.
560560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here on your Fag Station for the new millennium.
Where you going to receptionist is a screaming fruitcake.
WQM, hello.
Mickey Mantle.
Mickey Mantle's a good choice.
How come nobody put him on there, huh?
The first Jewish ballplayer Mickey Mendel.
Ball, hosted by Whitton Taylor and Wu Ball.
560560 on the AT&T.
How come nobody put on there, any banks?
Huh?
I give up.
What are any banks?
You got it?
Take it to the banks.
A lot of people are on this list too.
Oh, definitely ought to be.
In fact, just take a look at the fact that Jim Brown's only got.
I mean, he probably, I don't care what anybody says about GEOCIRROR's
or Walter Peyton or anybody.
There ain't no, and so he's a scrumbag.
We can't help that.
He's had issues, as they say.
How many votes does he got, Jim?
Three votes.
Three freaking votes out of 717.
That goes to share what you're dealing with in this town.
And these are supposed to be sports people on a sports station.
And Jim Brown's got three votes.
Mantle, man alive.
What's he used, you know?
WQM, hello.
Hey, Jim Niel.
Yes, sir.
Johnny Iver.
Number 19, Johnny and I just, there you go.
Put him down there.
Johnny you.
Who had that same stupid look on his face as Peyton Manning, by the way?
Now, at least Josh knows who Peyton Manning is.
Yeah.
There, there.
Good.
How are you starting to move in the right direction?
Now, what about Sandy Peyton?
You know who that is?
Sandy Peyton, no.
Oh, come on.
Let me give you a little hint.
Have a nice day.
See, there she is.
Sandy Peyton.
Lovely lady.
Anyway, you want to know about her?
She's a real bitch.
That's what Cheryl about.
No, Cheryl was the only one who liked her over there, right?
And by the way, don't call me anymore.
Cheryl, leave me alone.
Backstabber.
Businesswear.
I'd love to know what it was that she got in return for that.
Getting me to sign a contract with Bob Green with no agent boy.
You talk about dumb.
I, and I'll admit it.
I am dumb.
When it came to getting a sign out with Admit Church, I was a moron.
A total moron.
Tenant over my money to some of my ex murderer like him or whatever he is.
And then the same thing with Sandy Peyton.
And Bob Green.
And her good close friend, Cheryl.
Your friend, your good buddy.
Yeah.
Cheryl Ricken Schwartz, a Ween, whatever her name is this week.
Don't bug me anymore, Cheryl.
You broke my heart.
You just broke my heart.
And then when I say to Bob Green, I, you know, take care of George.
You know, see, I get it.
My stupidity because I took his word for it.
He took care of you all right.
Uh-huh.
Stuck his foot right in your...
Right.
Bob Green, you know, Bob, I don't know what your story is, man.
But the low-may-a-couple million dollars are get out of your hair.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Dio, what's with the...
Oh, isn't it a sports show?
No.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Bill?
Yes?
Bob, I'm Sandy Kofax.
Sandy Kofax.
Let's get some Jews on here.
Oh, I...
Hi.
Sandy Kofax, one of the all-time greats had a tremendous impact, especially when he wouldn't
pitch up on the high holidays, which pissed off a lot of going.
Well, it's where it goes.
I wonder if their guys would have pitched on Easter Sunday, huh?
Probably would.
Yes.
You think?
Definitely.
I don't know when I don't hear all that.
Let me just stand again.
All you kids that might be listening out there like on your Sony Walkmans at school.
I just want to tell you right now that religious people are the dangerous people when you see one of them anywhere near you.
They're run like crazy, okay?
Call 911-411, call anybody.
Call a cop.
All some of them are pretty dangerous, too.
Call for help.
Don't call a priest, then.
No, it's...
Like I said, when you see any of them anywhere near you, when you see the priest coming, I don't want to go into that.
560-560,
on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Blog, it's going to tell you something.
It's just a...
It's a lost cause, you know what?
Yeah.
It's like farting upstream.
It's just almost impossible.
Try to like it.
You're the only one.
Huh?
Try to start a new quality like on Mars or something.
I think I'm missing something here.
I'm looking ahead to the next hour and I know, oh, I see what it is.
Okay, I'll take care of that.
I'm just getting organized for that big one to two hour, you know?
You know how it is.
Sure.
Right, they've already got last hours, last page of the log off, couple of days.
Not that I'm having a big hear.
No, listen, see, I got spoiled.
I'll never recover from that one day, the day that we had the Marlin game at noon.
That was opening day, right?
Something like that.
We had the pregame festivity started in two hours shown.
I said to myself, all right, where is where it's at?
This is living, baby.
As far as this four hour crap, that's where they can stick it.
Oh, I see no more.
We are supporting O'Fight CC, QAM.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Hi, I'm Christopher Law.
Hi, Jim Row.
Join us for the Empire Rumble Vapor like the history channel, Balloons, Game History Month.
And his depth look into the plot of the famous fame that's shorter as an eyebrow famous.
People like, I don't know, Tom Cruise.
I love power.
Carrie Grant.
Randolph Scott.
Can't be calmer.
That's Rudd.
Peter Pratt.
Well, he was British.
Time doesn't count.
Not to mention self-fading bags like Dilma Carty and Trent Lott.
Trent Lott.
Sure.
He was a pump boom girl in college, you know.
Oh.
Oh, drop yourself.
Drop yourself.
And...
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm standing near the window and it's too bad.
Oh, you could be such a bit sometimes.
Don't you think I look pretty?
It's a car side down.
Oh, I'm not a bit dark.
I'm God who pulls at these girls.
April is getting his dreamers.
Oh, you're getting his dreamer.
It's a minute after one of five, 60 WM, 560, 705, 60 pound, 560 on the 18th, TN Verizon wireless line.
I do like that, normally.
As a matter of fact, I can think of a bit right now for both of Brian, you know, that we got good by Norma Jean.
Right.
Good by Norma Lea.
I can hear it almost in my head right now.
WM Hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got one for you.
Do you want a moco?
Okay, great. WDQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I was thinking of Java Jessica Simpson for a BT Kirkland request.
Sure, it's an effectable put it right on there.
No, I'm looking for a picture.
Thank you.
I was open. You could find one.
I can't find one.
Oh, there it is.
That was it.
Oh, you got one?
You're just, he just went to Magic Wand and just like, there she is.
He just popped right on the way.
I hope you just cut and paste it for my imagination to the computer.
We'll be around.
You have no problem at all.
Nickels, I didn't see you.
I'll work it out with him.
Come to QA, I'm hello, bet.
How about those Toronto Maple Leafs, Betty?
Yeah, they're doing it, pal.
You're nothing like a seven-gauge series in the first round.
Holy crap, or the flyer's going to hand it to him or what?
Fathers.
Probably.
Yeah, too bad.
That's right, no loss.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
He wouldn't know Gary Roberts from Mary Roberts.
One of them things, just like talking to a foreign language in that town.
WQA, and hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
This WQA.
This is WQA, and the world famous Neo-Rodger show.
So did you call a wrong number?
No, no, I call it the right number.
I was going to say, I don't know if you heard that.
That's certainly Robinson on there yet.
No, we don't, but we got him on there right now.
You can call it, will we maize if you want?
Well, Sugar Ray Robinson and Willie Mays will put him both on there.
How's that?
We'll put him on your head.
Got him?
Got him.
Sugar Ray Robinson and Willie Mays.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
The most importantly to the 20th century was, now no athletes are important.
We knew that would win because there are a lot of negative people out there like George.
I didn't vote for it.
Jackie Robinson, 145, Muhammad Ali, 96, baby Ruth, 70.
Jesse Owens, let's put him on there.
He's got 61.
Good idea.
Michael Jordan, 38, Danny Moreno, 21.
Telae, 15.
Lance Armstrong, 14.
Paggers, wood, 12.
Jim Thorpe, 11.
OJ has got 10.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
The water Nazis and SCUAN must be real busy back there.
Wayne Gresky, 7 Bobby or 6.
Roberto Clemente, 4 Joe Montana 4.
Jim Brown's only got three.
It's just three arms up in despair and say, what's he use?
They're up there.
Until payday.
Who's up there?
My arms.
Don't keep them there.
WNQM, hello.
Charlie Hotties.
WNQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Dave?
Pretty good.
Neil and Officer Sheridan, I got a name for your list as author-ass sonner.
He's on there.
Author's ass is on there.
Oh, yes.
And my suggestion is stay away from author's ass.
5670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line.
There you go, normally.
There's one for you.
The WNQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The other day I was listening and I heard you and George combined
to say the words, air and pie.
Pretty close together.
Yeah, but there was a gap.
There was a gap.
There was a gap.
And George and the language too?
It's a golf course.
Yeah.
5670560, Tom 560.
Call up Molen, complain about it, okay?
Absolutely.
Who's got his own baggage now?
His own damn baggage.
Man, I cannot believe that the old man is slipping there in the morning.
See how he's telling and right away he's starting to like, regress.
WNQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
I'm sensational.
Listen, I have a, you know that little bleepy make when you, you're going to say a bad word.
Yeah, well, for that one.
Unfortunately, my car, that's the same noise it makes when there's something wrong with the engine.
I've been driving because it's got to go crazy.
Can you, can you find something else to change it through there?
Come here.
No, get a new car, man.
When your car starts making bulls-cottosons, kind of dump you all thing, okay?
Just ditch it.
56670560, oh, there's Sodom, man.
The tribunal takes shape for the trial of Sodom and he's going to be interviewed tonight by Soledad O'Brien on CNN Worldwide.
What do you think?
Aughtabee.
She's a real heavyweight.
She is no, ain't she preggered?
I don't know and I couldn't care less.
Oh, no, there's Sodom Chalabi.
The leader of the Sodom Tribunal, this guy happens to be, he's either the nephew or the brother-in-law or the kissing sister of Ahmed Chalabi.
And this guy is going to be the heading up the tribunal to try Sodom who's saying, I don't want to say like the fixes in.
Of course they should fry his ass, that goes without saying.
But I mean, there's not a lot of Chalabi's running around, you know what?
Chalupas and Chalabi's.
Charles says, why are you doing this poll?
Oh, this is not, this is not, this is the same.
Jerry trying a new deal, you know, little squiggly Jerry.
Try something new with a different name, a new font, a whole new deal.
Same old tired crap.
Bye-bye.
Little come play, little whiner, even got to you this time.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Mr.
I want Dr. Neal.
Speaking.
Neal.
I'm going to leave on her nonsensical, I love you, my Abby.
No.
So I paid $7.560, WQM, hello.
How are you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Can I make a request please?
Sure, whatever you want.
I'd like to listen to the Star Wars campaign unless you guys can't play that anymore.
How come we can't play?
How do we go whistle?
Yeah, I don't know.
You know, nowadays, you can never, you can never be sure.
I'd be very careful, you know.
Exactly.
It's close to me.
Oh, I just got back on my last thing of it.
I think I'm fine.
Oh, we won.
We have to push the death of land into the rebellion's hands.
Oh, we won't have to get to all the runs.
So they stop into mob lives.
They never drink with us as the Star Wars campaigner.
The wind reaches you've ever seen us.
The Star Wars campaigner.
Music and webtoons and old Jedi masters at the Star Wars.
We have to pass on the name with solar panels.
He was a pilot with the faster and the faster.
The smile will flash that quiet there with two five guys.
He was a wolf king.
They met with Luke in Obi-Wan about the millennium Balkan docking bay night.
He was a strong trooper that just starts with the flash of Ben's lights.
He was an art of war.
The Star Wars campaigner.
So with the creatures you've ever seen us.
He was a Star Wars campaigner.
Music and webtoons and old Jedi masters at the Star Wars.
Art's eyes will space the world.
For a little time the more rich you've had,
discover man to the man.
He was the cautious.
His name was Yoda.
He was the mob's Ben.
He was.
Darth Vader was so bad.
And by the way, he's Luke's Dan.
His distanced looks.
His hand got caught.
In that yacht he bought for a little.
His hat allows you day, both of us.
That's what so mean.
Jobber had bad hygiene.
Why didn't they all just relax back on time?
To win as the Star Wars.
And our war's can't teach us.
The win's creatures you've ever seen us.
And the Star Wars.
Our war's can't teach us.
Music and webtoons and old Jedi masters at the Star Wars.
The Force will do for you.
All this.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
Okay, that killed some time.
Thanks very much for requesting that.
That was very pleasant.
By the way, and I'm sure some of the Kiri people.
Do you hear what Neil will say?
Now he's turning on John Kiri.
I'm going to vote for him 50 times.
Maybe at least stop right there.
I'm just, he's very disappointing so far.
Because under the present circumstances,
even with these stupidity American public and with the brainwashing they get from the news media,
even with all of these things, he ought to be about 15-20 points ahead of the very least.
Otterby.
You would think, especially with the body count rising your radii and Iraq and all the groteses,
things going on on a hand, and all these hearings going on, all the luck.
On you do understand that Bush and Cheney are going to be testified before 9-11 committee,
in private in the White House and not under oath together.
Together they're going to be holding hands.
You know, that's a lot like Prince Abdullah.
That's right.
But they're going to not be testified under oath.
Now of course, even if they raised their hands and put their hands on a Bible,
they would still lie to their teeth.
But now they can say, oh, well we had to, uh,
we had to like, age the truth because of national security, some crap like that.
Not under oath.
I just mentioned it in passing.
And there I go.
It's him getting off the, I'm getting off the, uh, topic again.
I'm getting real whipped up about that crap.
Nothing I can do about it.
I've written both a few times.
From minutes after 1-5-60-W.
Hugh and you've been here to me talk about Dalai Macristen, the Spectacular customer service
that when you call 1-800-Matriol-Sus-Reeke with an expert bedding consultant,
who'll answer your questions, give it a customer service you deserve.
And that's all true.
The Dalai Macristen Commitment Service recently caught the attention of the better business bureau,
Dalai Macristen has been part of the South Florida community for over 12 years.
They're main office in the Northeast where they've earned the coveted touch of,
uh, torch, touch this, the torch of excellence award for 2004
from the Boston Better Business Bureau.
And this award is given annually to accommodate the embodies,
the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty, integrity, ethics, and a marketplace, like Fat Boy.
To receive this award is particularly impressive for Dalai Macristen to win
because they don't even have any stories.
And 1-800-Matriol-Sus-Reeke wants you to know that one criterion judging in the award
was truth in advertising.
You can rest assured you can bet Fat Boy's life on it
that the things I've been telling you about Dalai Macristen are absolutely positively 100% correct.
So pick up that poem right now and call 1-800-Matriol-Sus-Reeke
and get the whole truth and nothing but the truth about brand name bedding.
I've been using them for years and I'm one of their many happy customers
and you know if you call 1-800-Matriol-Sus-Reeke you'll be happy too.
That's Dalai Macristen 1-800-MATTRES,
along onto their website, macristen.com.
Dalai Macristen the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
I got you!
You're my animal!
This is for 20 or 26, you way up.
Just a good, just a good, just a good, just a good, just a good, just a good, just a good, just a good, just something.
Just come with your problem.
Alright.
Oh my god.
Sherry, Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe the night must be crazy.
Don't let me hear you.
Wait, baby Sherry, maybe Sherry, maybe not as crazy as it seems.
Alright, you want to help her?
And I'm glad I'm coming through her.
I'm glad I'm coming through her.
Don't let me hear you.
Did you wish to make a baby Sherry, maybe?
Sherry, maybe Sherry is noimental, maybe Sherry is noimental, maybe Sherry is noimental, maybe Sherry, maybe Sherry is noimentable.
But I look at him and I see the mask of death stripped across the bones of his face.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, no argument.
Yeah.
But anyway, I hope he butches up and I hope he surprises me.
I hope the convention just really invigorates him and all this other stuff.
Yeah, I hope he butches up too.
By the way, you see the Heinz Company, you know, his wife Teresa.
Teresa?
Teresa.
His wife Teresa Heinz is, of course, the heir to the fortune and the Heinz Company is donating
to Bush.
I did not know that.
Well, now you know what?
You're supporting the Bushmeister.
Oh, yeah.
But let's hope Karrick can catch up.
That was bad.
And anyway, I don't want to turn it on, John Karrick.
But just the fact is, so far, no matter what the issue is, whether it's Iraq, whether it's
you name it, weak, the Israel thing, he's a panther.
He's what he, of course, they all are, but I mean, he just over the top.
Let's bring back Howard Dean, okay?
All is forgiven.
How they come on back, what do you say?
Drugs of thing?
Can't wait.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma.
I'm going to South Dakota.
I'm going to South Dakota.
I'm going to South Dakota and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington, East India take back the way goes.
I see he was more animated than that one speech and he was trying to scream over the crowd
as we know.
He was more animated than one speech and Karrick's been the whole time.
He said real things.
Right.
Concrete that.
He didn't just say the things that were politically correct all the time, which is the reason
he ain't going to be the candidate.
So I kind of like stepped out of line, stepped on a lot of toes, said things that, and then
the media kept saying, well, see, he really is going to be a lot of trouble for us to say
in that.
Why?
Because it was the truth.
Oh, I see.
Just like when they captured Sodom and he said that we were no safer, I mean, he was right
on, man, is the Brit say he was spot on.
He had a thumb right on it.
When they captured Sodom and tried to give us a big son to dance about, oh, what do you
know?
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
Tell us all the people who have died since we captured Sodom.
That's why they got to put on a kid.
That's going to be the next head lot on CNN.
Chaos in Iraq.
You know?
That's what it's going to be.
I'm telling you.
Instead of operation, a Iraqi freedom or whatever was, and mission a racket, next week
it'll be a chaos in Iraq.
Chaos all over the freaking world because this bozo we got in there in his neocons, this
is the God Squad and the Khan Squad, which is the very difference between the God Squad
and the Khan Squad.
Oh, same people.
Here's another nut case.
Gunfounded Congressman's carry on bag.
A U.S. Congressman was briefly detained in a Kentucky airport, too.
They have to authority squad allotted gun in his bag.
At a screening check, boy authority said, we said if it's good enough, what that was
in the Oklahoma coach.
Come on, how could I have a brain fart on that?
Come on, help me out, Josh.
What the sooner's coach?
Yeah.
Bob, who?
Bob Stoops.
No, I'm not now.
I'm talking about the great all-time Oklahoma coach that had the gun in his bag at the airport.
Oh, my God.
Does this child know anything?
Wow.
And the important thing.
Stop that.
No, the important stuff is very sweet.
Very sweet.
Now, aren't you embarrassed you forgot that?
Sorry.
See, I haven't excused him a dottering old fart, but you have no excuse.
Sure he does.
You've got a wife.
That's no excuse.
I have no right.
Get with it.
Representative John Hustreville, Republican of Indiana, completing for God in hand to
his bag.
He preferred to take a U.S. scareways flight to Washington for the first day of work after
two week recess.
I guess he must have a recess in his haze.
A home-on security department official said Hustreville had a loaded nine millimeter
glock pistol in his bag at Louisville International Airport.
The congressman said he didn't know the gun was in the bag and apologized.
Well, that's OK as long as he apologized, right?
Just like Arnold sir.
Apologize all those broads that he groped.
The Gropinator.
If he gets selected, he's going to look into it.
That was, and again, the media puts that on the air like it's a legitimate answer to
a question.
OK?
Oh, I'm not going to get bogged out with that.
Now I have to worry about the election, but if I'm elected after the election, I'll look
into all of those things.
And then the election came and he wins the landslide and did you look into it?
Oh, forget about it is what he said.
How do you like that?
After all of that, he says, but God about it.
Yeah.
Ever see him in mode together?
No.
56670560, St. Barbara, 0560 on the AT&T.
In fact, he's a terminator.
Moe is a terminator.
In fact, speaking to being terminated, that thing we heard about this morning that room
where it didn't sound good, we guys.
Zero tolerance policy, Moe.
Absolutely.
Zero tolerance.
That don't mean you get a few slip ups.
You know, no screw ups.
I'd like to know what the Robert and Zach are doing in there together while all the stuff
is going on now.
I'd like to know what the hell those two are doing besides eating.
He says eating free food.
Tony Q.A.
Hello.
Tony, how's it going?
Pretty great.
All right.
I'm Saturday.
I just wanted to let you know that on Saturday, I was on a deliver medical equipment.
I was on my way to work and I was in a bad mood.
And the crow started his show off with that bit that you have.
Yeah.
And that made my day.
It was so funny.
And he actually gets it.
You know, if he doesn't get mad, he is actually down to earth.
Everybody.
Merit, Merit.
Merit.
Merit.
Merit.
Merit.
Yes.
How about you and the meeb.
I'm sure the big ol' patient is entertaining his ad.
He's funny.
He's just a good type to me.
I swear on the road to listen to him laugh.
He's like panic.
As long as he doesn't take him seriously.
He's serious.
Right.
But you really can't take him seriously.
Exactly.
And also we are much safer here in the United States.
now that that's their gone you know but when the smoke settles we're gonna see
what's gonna happen then. Now that who's gone?
Saddam.
We're much safer?
We're much safer here. That's word on the street.
Now we're much safer in the United States.
That's the word on the streets?
Yes, word on the streets. That's what they're saying.
Who's they?
There's a dumb people that I speak to that it's a so-called Republicans and our
Bush makers you know.
Well I said well I thought for a middle-were we serious for a country
where you had a big party.
I'm gonna stay quiet.
Okay thanks a lot, Cali Kanda. He just did worked up.
Do you understand what he was talking about?
What? He was being sarcastic. He was just saying but I thought he was speaking cereal.
I don't know.
Too much of that cruel man make your brain rise.
I can theory.
They'll say when we have an emergency feeling like that drag out the crow.
Marlins are hot. That's the thing in town everybody's talking about right now.
But I mean the big.
Oh no just in fact that's an even anti-regulant told me just say no to the big
person.
That's what she said.
Remember that?
Something like that.
In fact she said once upon a time he tried to borrow that little red dress.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 I just this morning when he did to us was just it was criminal.
There are people on death row for lesser crimes than when he did what.
I didn't even know he was I know nothing about it.
You know this muff my through she is really slipping lately.
I don't know what her story is.
She comes in there but it beat but it will put her talking about everything but what's
going on for real you know.
What's going on for real?
I mean we got our own program director but she don't even tell us what the hell is who's on and who's
on first and what's going on with Joe Rose and what the hell is Joe Mama and all this other stuff today.
What's going on over there muff.
Jesus I mean I would think that even though he's making like about 50 cents an hour right now after we had the budget cut back.
I think that at least he'd be on top of these things.
You want to keep me posted of all people because you know how cranky I get when I fought out these bad surprises.
You know what I mean?
What difference does it make?
It doesn't it just kills some time.
Oh yeah good.
WQA.
How about the QA?
I'm Hello.
I can feed mail please.
Yes sir.
Mail.
Yes.
How about the mad don't give manage?
No.
Somebody tried that before and we said no right.
The most important athlete of the 20th century maybe in the most important athlete of the 20th century from Solano Ohio.
I would have to say absolutely.
Right.
Remember Solano I'm picked from by Joe Marth Jr.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
I'm from the 20th century.
Well then sweet dreams are waiting for you because design concept builders is the answer that you'll be looking for.
Design concept builders is the one of the top home modelers in South Florida.
Since 1983 for the following reasons there were 100% customers satisfaction when there were no excuses policy.
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
They refuse to have an unhappy customer.
They offer quality work at a fair price and design concept builders exclusive five-year labor warranty.
So I take the risk of an Imer on your new edition whether it's a kitchen, bathroom windows, any other project.
Call the folks you can count on design concept builders at 9.5.4.718.6766.
Find out more about them on the web at their website design concept builders dot com.
Financing is available with no payments for six months with approved credit.
You can also get you a 10% discount on all you're modeling through the end of this month of April only with our friends at design concept builders.
Like I said the website design concept builders dot com or make that call today and give us a stupidest job at a fair price every time.
Call 9.5.4.718.6766.
Find out more about your sports video 5.60.719.6766.
This is the family that defines family redefines family again and defines the very definition of family the subproudos.
Hey, Tony.
Who the hell are you?
I'm a cousin Tony.
You know my cousin Tony my cousin Tony is almost like Sarah fish.
No, that's Tony Bobby. I'm Tony Vinny.
Tony Vinny. I don't have a cousin Tony Vinny.
Yeah!
What you've been?
I've been in the game.
In the game?
I didn't know you were in jail.
No, no, no. I was in the bathroom.
Oh, my cousin.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
What the hell are you?
It's all I'm Tony.
What do you mean you're Tony?
I just met another cousin Tony.
No, I'm your other cousin Tony Alfonso.
Tony Alfonso.
Tony Alfonso. Where hell do you been?
I'm in the floor.
I'm the ones of law.
I don't have any cousin when I'm all in Florida.
I'm not willing to cousin. I'm your nephew.
Then what the hell are you saying you're my cousin?
Because I don't know.
I don't give you a whole.
Oh, oh, oh.
Who the hell are you now?
I'm your cousin and sonat.
I cousin and sonat.
What the hell are your birthfafers?
That everybody calls me Tony.
What do you mean Tony?
I just met a cousin Tony.
Tony what's it I?
What the hell are you saying Tony what an I?
You know I'm Tony Faisal.
The girl who sings Ricky.
You're my cousin.
Yeah!
You're my cousin.
Yeah!
I did a lot of it.
Redeflightings.
Emily, again.
Get the f**k's off from that tree.
What do you want?
And what do you want?
Am your cousin, my cousin, I'm your cousin.
Tony.
You're my cousin Tony.
And you're cousin Tony.
Get the f**k's off of that tree.
Redeflightings.
Emily.
Listen to me Uncle Jordan.
We got a problem here.
I got my cousin's name.
Holy everybody says that my cousin.
T anatomy.
What's your problem to Toneys?
Who the hell are you now?
I'm trying to have a conversation with my uncle Joe!
I'm Vicenzi.
Vicenzi.
Vicenzi Roberto, Giovanni, Tony's.
Where the hell did you come from?
Don't you remember me?
I don't remember you.
I got all these cousins coming over to me saying,
I'm your cousin, I'm your cousin.
I was a gardener's brother's kid.
Aww, you're Tony!
Yeah!
Sometimes you don't know who your family is.
That's why when everybody's named Tony.
There's a friend who's made my son Nerni's here on HBO.
And who the hell are you now?
Hi, how you doing, Tony?
What's it to you I never thought we'd be able to play
any more sopranos but you know what?
Yeah, my double nut.
No, I didn't say it was good but it was long.
And you know what I thought was long.
In there too?
Ponderous.
Anyway, 27.2.5.60 WDQM.
TV never's cool on passion.
And they'd better cool off that passion.
They're going to get what for for Michael Powell.
Despite being the year's biggest box or a fist block poster so far,
the passion of the Christ seems unlikely to find a home on the
four biggest broadcast networks.
Mel Gibson's icon productions has been shopping the movie the TV.
Only ABC is confirmed turning it down, but exactly speaking on
condition of Nerni's they always do, said it was doubtful for CBS, NBC, and Fox 2.
They said, uh-uh.
The movie's graphics scenes of Jesus Christ crucifixion were said to make
broadcast through skittish, especially in the wake of the Janet
Jackson business when government officials are closely watching what
goes on TV on the tube, they're closely watching your tube.
There might be a lot of baggage because of the violence at Brad ad
gate and less for the ad buying firm horizon media.
What a great name that is adgate.
Not like watergate.
Is that what we have on this radio station?
Adgate?
Adgate.
That can put some pressure on advertisers not to buy this, he said.
Fox is awaiting the evaluation of its broadcast standards department before
making an decision on whether to pursue airing it that I was
entertained with you said.
The Hollywood agency was offering a licensing bill never somebody
have of icon Jeff Berg would not Jeff Berg.
Oh my God.
Would not come on any negotiations.
Jeff Berg.
I wonder if his name was Bergstein or whatever was.
You believe that?
I believe it.
He's just a businessman trying to make a living.
But it says it could be a cable could be where it's going to wind up going.
But they better hurry up.
Before Colin Powell and his buddies and me Michael Powell get a hold of the cable thing
too because he he said it again.
If that breakfast yesterday morning I forgot to mention that that's what they really
would like.
Cable satellite books newspapers magazines.
Internet stations.
Right telephone conversations all of these things.
All these things.
Besides the film's violent content of TV network that airs the passion would also inherit
controversy about it.
Some Jewish organizations rejected the movie for fear would cause bad blood.
Oh here's the greatest line in the history of the human race for fear would cause bad
blood between Christians and Jews.
Oh that's not a war with a man.
We sure wouldn't want that.
No.
Bad blood between Christians Jews that can't ever happen.
Got along for so long.
No, we must say the bad blood between the Jews and the Palestinians.
The Hindus and the Muslims.
Bad blood.
By the armed blood remember that was that by Nielcidaka.
Nielcidaka.
Sorry.
He wrote it.
560.
560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless.
I guess we're going to list as far as any more names on here.
What?
I mean I guess we are.
I mean we're open for any more but I think we got the important people on there knowing.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well I'm trying to think of someone may have left out.
Drake Burr-Hausky.
How about Jesse Owen?
Now there's something to think about putting him on there.
And what about Alexey Ponikorowski?
We might think about putting him on there too.
But I had a quarter COVID.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Oh I like the sound of that though.
Not a good sound.
It's a beauty.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Niel.
Yes sir.
Bad news.
I read in the sports illustrated that your boy Tommy Brady was over at the Vatican getting
blessed by the Pope.
Oh my God.
I wonder where the Pope kissed him.
Oh I bet his miter got a little tighter when that started happening but anyway.
Moving along.
Yes.
I heard the rumor that the L Frank show they were going to try to punch it up by getting
someone in there you know that he could verbally star with like Hannity and Holmes kind
of.
Oh boy.
Well I'm going to nominate Ben Stein because then the show would be Frank and Stein.
Okay.
Not bad.
Not bad.
Good like you, Palli.
He'll leave it.
How do you like that?
Al Franken.
Oh God.
What a bad mistake.
I said then I'm one year long time ago.
Yeah you did?
Then I said that's never going to fly.
You wore a lift.
But they wouldn't listen to me.
And of course Norma, she's too busy normally.
We're in about the factory to worry about you know taking care of his clients getting him
on like 600 radio stations.
If Saul Fouce wouldn't have had a fever in his heart.
I could have been a contender man.
I could have been bigger than Mary Tyler Moore.
Bigger than Cyrillie.
I could have been about normally.
560.
560.
560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Baseball cards and a factory.
That's it.
That's the man's life.
I have no life.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah I have a 4th figure for the 20th century.
All right.
I had a mention Jack your obviously yet.
Jackie Robinson.
That's a good one.
Get out of the desk.
Wow.
I think of all the polls we've ever done.
And it's a good sign.
It's a good sign.
It's a good sign.
It's a blessing man.
It's like it is.
Because what it says is there's a very limited number of these people in a whole hundred
years who really have enough significance to even think about putting on his list.
I mean we did the entertainers yesterday.
What do we do the day before that?
The world leaders, whatever we did.
And I thought well why not do the athletes you know which was one way of keeping them
off the other two lists but I figured well there got to be something.
Not that we don't have any votes.
We got, look at how many votes we got.
840 would do about like about 900 votes during the show.
That's not too bad right?
We'll take it.
Well especially considering where we are.
See I want to say this to you and I really mean this.
One of the things that our website has taught me is that a lot of the impressions that I
had in the past weren't they were correct but they were understated.
Right.
Remember I used to bitch every year about the worst week of the year for doing the show
was the Easter and the Pace Off Passover business.
And I was right but little did I realize that the demarcation line it comes in phases.
But phase one is positively that week.
That's when everybody starts bailing out of the stone.
And then you get the week after that so everybody who hung around for a week for whatever
reason then they start bailing out.
And of course it raises the question in my mind what happens when we get to like when
the kids are all out of school like June and July.
When George is going to be on their 20 over an empty microphone July and August most
of the days well what happens then yeah boy I don't want to get you the press to ring
on what a man it's huh whatever I'm used to it.
But it's just that you're saying nobody there.
No we'll have Josh here to talk to when it's super hot and super humid and super bold
long past even Janet Jackson's boobie is a thing of the ancient past.
We'll bring it back up.
Top it back up one more time.
Don't let Michael see it.
We'll talk about the other one.
Michael Jackson that is.
Perhaps you've got a mood on that but he hates boobies.
20 till 2 at 5 60 W2 and the man who loves the big ones Jim man is here to be along
it too.
The Humber Hank Goldberg at 4 he's seen one or two in his time.
The Marlon Pregame at 6 30 Marlon's at the Philly 705.
Educate a follow that and then overnight.
And of course it'll be interesting in the morning if what that caller said is true.
I don't know.
You know me I'm very dubious about anything the caller say about most flipping out of
one of those this morning.
Wow to be man oh man because it's zero I hear it's zero tolerance.
I hear that they are dead serious on this and that if anybody should any of the people
on the air especially go over the line and really just let something just one end up
rooted out.
I'm listening history and in his case ancient history.
You've heard about the big demand to the high pay potential for computer professionals.
Have ever wondered if this career might be okay for you the right thing.
Well here's your chance to fight out.
Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar on computers and networking tonight.
Tonight at both the mining and for-lawed retail campuses.
That's right you can learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free.
Seething for this free computer seminar is limited so call and reserve your seat at 1 866
fast train to it right now.
All attendees to the free seminar will receive a diagnostic tool at no charge.
So call fast train right now at 866 fast train to reserve your spot your seat your chair.
And if you decide that you have a new high pay career is in your future.
Fast train really can have your train ready for that new career in just four short months
by the end of the long hot human summer.
So check them out on the web at fast train.com and then make that call and be sure to check
them out tonight for a reserve in your seat make that call at 1 866 fast train and actually
it's hard to rest name here and that would be a hoot.
So like all the hard burn.
Don't come so every time I see.
Don't come so fast train tired and dim with.
Don't come so far.
I need you.
I need president.
I need president.
I need president.
I need president.
And get to your voted home.
If you want this, don't love the lips running stupidly.
Don't come so far.
And this wrongly rich kid.
Don't come so easy than to love her than me.
Please president don't.
You go, tell what it's all.
You got them here by hook or drop.
The rich.
All it knows what's best.
You will die in the hell don't be here.
We got a great leader.
With president don't.
Please president don't.
I think we owe an apology to all the boxes of rocks in the world.
I think I once said he's never been a boxer.
Why don't apologize to the rocks out there.
Do you think we owe an apology?
Absolutely.
That car bomb in this.
We are this morning in Saudi Arabia.
At least 10 people were killed and dozens wounded today.
When a car bomb destroyed a Saudi security service building in the capital.
The sides were turned off buildings near the explosion,
preventing rooms still on fire.
Cars were smashed by debris.
The gas of dust and black smoke were from the building.
And settled over the hood.
It's unbelievable.
But where's the price?
Allas Hood.
That's one good thing about the last year 2003.
There were the Scott over there at the Langley city center.
Don't see him no more.
That's good.
You like your lot Ira Scott.
That was a raspberry.
Don't panic.
All right.
I don't want to get dumped here on my own show.
In fact, how many times I have to do with this last week or two?
About 30 minutes.
I would say more in the last two weeks than in the prior lifetime.
Right.
I'll come by.
Well, that's the kind of environment that we're living under for that guy that called earlier.
If he's still listening to one, we were serious that we can't say.
And we can't say, no, can't do anything.
A lot of people still don't think it's serious.
Really?
Really?
Well, what are all these stories then that we're talking about?
Why is Stearnaw the year in Miami?
Why did the guys in Atlanta get canned?
Why did Bubba loves one?
You can't in Tampa.
Because it's a joke because I'm just making it up.
They don't take the extent of it all seriously.
I see.
I see.
Well, guess what said the blind man?
To his death wife.
Right.
The most important athlete of the 20th century was and it's a good thing this one's coming to
a conclusion.
No athletes are important to 142.
28% of you party poopers.
Even George made a vote.
Would you vote for?
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
Let's put him on there.
I voted for George Imagio because of the children's hospital and he's doing poorly, see.
That goes to show you.
Well, what is Emmy?
He still might have been a real, in fact, he was.
What?
He was a real dupe bag.
A bad man.
And a scrumbag.
But he started the children's hospital.
No athletes are important to 42.
Jackie Robinson 163.
Mohamed Ali, 107AK, a cash is clay.
Favorite, 76.
Jesse Owens, 73.
We must have put him on there.
Michael Jordan, 44.
Dan Moreno, 27.
I have no idea why.
Other than it's Miami.
PLAY 19, OJ Simpson 16, Lance Armstrong 14, Tiger Woods 14, Jim Thorpe a dozen.
Needle knows Wayne Gretzky 8, Body Yorse 70s, Red on Wains Ask.
Roberto Clemente 5.
Joe Demay here has got four, Joe Montana 4.
In other words, Dan Moreno's got more votes than Joe Montana.
Now, how many Super Bowls did Joe Montana win, Josh?
Five, I believe?
Four.
I think.
How many did Dan Moreno win?
Did they go?
David, did you hear what he just said?
I heard it.
It's a big...
Oh, no!
I sure hope that the programming didn't hear that.
Another suggesting case, Joe Rose is out again tomorrow.
With his suspended sentence, whatever's going on with him.
I don't know.
Joe Montana 4, David Beckham 3, Jimmy Brown.
Still only got three?
Oh, my God.
Wow, that's because all the old parts are gone.
They went back up north.
Tycov 2, George Armstrong's got a pair.
The Chief.
Will he shootmaker 2?
Tank Aaron 2, Ted Williams 2, Arnold Palmer 2, Sandy Kofax 2, rhymes with?
Two?
Oh.
Kurt Flod, Casey Stangle, Mark Spitz, Pete Sanprice, Mario Lemieux, rhymes with Joe, has won.
Johnny Hughes got one, rhymes with Do, can do.
Arthur Zass has got one.
Sugarway Robinson won and no vote for Billie Jean King, PD Rose, Newt Rockney, Joe Nameeth, Mickey Mendel, Ernie Banks, World Chabelin, Gordy Howe, which spelled wrong, and who's not?
And Willie Mays.
Willie Mays has none of the 866 votes.
That's scandalous.
We may make it to the Guinness Book of Records, you know, the guy died, you know?
Willie Mays has got the big, holy moly.
You people should don't know nothing about sports, but impact players.
Even George's was Willie Mays.
Hello, can I write?
You know Willie Mays.
I know, Rory Mays.
Yeah, that's the ball.
I think he probably rather know Willie Mays than Rory Mays.
Probably.
Wow.
What a, what a, what a, dirt bag.
How come I said that?
We didn't say that.
For now, yeah.
Duked bag, dirt bag, scrum bag, like our first.
Hey, wait, how's it ever?
How about, team bag, team bag.
Oh, I liked that a lot.
That's good.
Josh, whatever your name is, that's very good.
Where'd he go, girl?
Team bag.
Who I love that.
Nice, that was a beautiful thing.
I almost compensated for the fact that you know who Barry Switzer was.
Oh.
He knows Barry Swisher.
He just didn't want to, uh, Blurrier Red out.
He didn't want to show us up, show it off.
150, 205, 60 WDQMD lights are west focus in place where all you fat people are going to love.
Because they provide you with the best products for the weight loss phase of your low carb diet.
Now if you're on the Anken Sugar Mustard South Beach or any other low carb sugar free diet,
the number one low carb store in America's do lights.
And of course they want to tell you that many of the new reduced products on the store shelves
are geared toward cutting back on carbohydrates, not on you losing weight.
Well, forget about that.
The lights are west focus expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting
for us desperate fat, fat folks.
The lights carry over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible
that can fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan.
Their spring sales in full swing right now is where stuff on by,
their Snapnose dieting inside and out there open every day,
seven days a week, 10 to 10.
The lights are west focus you'll find it on the northeast corner of Glades in 441
right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
Low carb run where it's low carb.com.
Don't forget, do you like the west book or really be your official Atkins retail center?
I like it.
I love all this is for real by 60-L-O-W-C-A-R.
Tony, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I said...
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, not...
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you anything. You must have misunderstood me.
No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, but, wife, I'm the boss.
I make the decisions. You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How are we doing with it anyway?
Oh, man.
Hold on.
Reminds me of shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Reminds.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir. What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Reminds me of shot the Reminds.
I'm going to go out of my fucking mind.
Stop following the floor, Reminds!
Reminds!
One thing to my hand, Reminds.
That's your penis, Bulls.
My other hand, Reminds.
That's the phone, Bulls.
Right. I can't hear anything, Reminds.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I said, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is forth and it's time for me to...
What the heck is that?
It's time for what?
Why are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god!
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course!
Hold on a second!
Remus!
It's the book!
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
What are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play it, Remus!
I'm jamming things down your throat!
Get that blue bird away from me!
Oh, come on, Blue Moon!
I'm allergic!
Eyes, stars!
Sir, over 25 million people saw...
Shut up, bisoner!
Listen!
Yeah.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone!
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're here imagination for crying out loud!
I'm moving my hands up and down, fly to side!
I'm the puppet master!
I swear!
You do it!
Now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview!
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work.
Puppet master!
Puppet master!
He is...
Oh!
Oh!
Reversed?
Yes!
It is a...
What the hell are you doing now?
There's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus!
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss!
My other ear, Remus!
That's the phone, boss!
That's the phone, Remus!
Get out!
Get over there!
Get out!
Eyes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Get over here!
Get over here!
I'm sorry, sir.
Get over here!
Sorry.
Get over here, drop me!
Okay, I almost had to go!
What a great piece of luck that is!
I did on timing!
And we got that thing in there, which you got one in here before,
and I said, no, no chance!
But being an old softie like I am, plus it's 3 minutes and 12 seconds long,
kills him a good time.
Anyway, maybe one of the least popular polls we ever took, sorry about that.
The most important athlete of the 20th century was,
no athletes are important, 254, Jackie Robinson 166,
Mohamed Ali 111, and after that, it's kind of like small taters.
One of the most important athletes in the history of solenoid,
Ohio State, he'd buy the mad dog coming up now.
Bye, bye, bye!
I'm glad you're showing on the face.
It's not that bad.
I'm glad you're on the phone.
I'll be back with my old man.
I'll be back with my old man.
