The entire building is usual at WQAM. The station was off the air briefly in the last hour and everything is usual technically at a zaster
But we got 24 seven broadcast just as the engineering department. I'll tell you as
Everything continues to be a big gigantic floating turret of QAM and anyway, everything here's great
The internet it's the network just to be accurate whatever the hell it is
And the phone of course that goes along with that right
2018 votes on our poll yesterday a shocking total we had over a well over a half a million hits on our website yesterday hit of course rhymes with
bit fit
Schmidt
Smith
With
Anyway, which of these is most important to you?
We asked the presidential election 686
686 32.9% about a third of this audience had that's the most important my next orgasm 614
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 435? No, you know something to be very careful in saying take because
Although although the headline in today's New York Post says
Where now is it oh
Geez why I had it said tit for tat
Yeah, I like tat he gets on yeah, and anyway, that's what it said no, I see they changed it says duo card and booby trap
It did say tit for tat for just a second or two and then Michael Powell saw that no better change that
Let's see one more I see Janet Jackson's other booby 435
Well the dolphins make the playoffs next season 96 and of course we already know the answer
Will I go to heaven 76 silly people where are the WMD's 75?
Well, look out for me take away my guns
41 dangerous people will the Panthers make the playoffs this season?
21 will I burn in hell 19 and will the US allow gaze to Mary 17?
I'll tell you one thing a few people don't stop looking at those graphic pictures
We got a Justin and Janet on there. Yeah, we're gonna burn in hell for sure
Just wait to we put more on a response. Yeah, we're gonna start putting a lot more on that website
Who might you won't be able to see unless you get your network back one of these days?
Yeah, I sure hope the network isn't CBS
Boy if I got some good stuff here today. It's a good thing
I mean you could push up the phone there, but I'm not the part. I'm not playing that game today, okay
So they ever get the thing thickest again the a network so I can see what's going on
I have control over it fine, but otherwise bug off George Corso you idiot you. I know it's not his fault, right?
This might be yeah, like I said, it's his fault. He's an idiot
First of all the national football league being the very upstanding folks that they are they've released a statement
I got a I got a call here
It is so good by Alessandra Stanley in the in New York Times after flash a flash CBS again is in denial
So look it to that much later on oh I got I got piles of this stuff
The best thing of all before we get to Mr. Taglia booboo's is that taglia booby?
Before we get to his statement about this grotesque episode is that CBS last night to show how we morsefully really are
Dan rather teased the the story for the entire newscast and finally at 655 is their last story
They finally put the story under again. How many million times have we seen just and ripped that thing off that booby?
Absolutely in the last 24 hours how many million 30 million times at least over and of course all these
Super Moralists are telling us as they're showing this to us how unacceptable and disgusting and disgraceful this was
See look at it in that terrible. Yeah, look it is again
Are you just a case you missed it the first time here? It is in freeze-frame and slow mo
But nobody's got a better boy that Eric would deemed himself yesterday man
Nobody on any website anywhere has got a better
montage collage of crap
Then we got as far as that story is concerned right right just click on that picture and then start taking a peek at all the other things that start
Topping up and falling out
Maybe that's what happened. Maybe they just had a falling out with CBS
Which is why they're threatening to take them off the Grammys next Sunday
But we'll get to that anyway Paul Taglia booby says
We were extremely disappointed by the MTV produced halftime show
It was totally inconsistent with assurances our office was given about the content of the show
The show was offensive. I don't think so inappropriate. I don't think so and embarrassing to us in our fans
We will change our policy our people and our processes for managing our halftime entertainment the future in order to deal
Far more effectively with the quality of this aspect this aspect of the Super Bowl
That's asked with one the S this aspect of the Super Bowl
That's the statement from NFL commissioner Paul Taglia booboo in regard of a booboo regarding Janet's booby now
Your post I mean the national poster in Toronto today is gonna be sensational
It's the best. I'm not gonna read the whole thing though
editorial the bowl and the bust
I'm just gonna read two paragraphs which I find most amusing and keep in mind that the rest of the world is laughing at you
America
I just want to tell you that again. They're laughing. They're holding their sides. This scared crap
List on the one hand, but on the other hand
They're just they can't help from peeing their pants from wetting themselves profusely over how silly America is once again over a little bit of nudity
Just a little teeny tiny, but not even a nipple not a nip
You'll be pleased to know though those who are very concerned about these things that the FCC is now investigating not just that little segment there
That little booby they're investigating the entire halftime Super Bowl show and
Commercials too like the one with the farting and then the one with the little kid seeing the mommy reaching up and
Accovered and her skirt going up and there's her rub back to ask there's her ample ass
They're investigating all of these things because Michael Powell now is more than just chairman of the FCC
He is now rice marshal
a Powell
With new and expanding powers every moment and you will not see these things and you will not titter and
Well part of that anyway. That's right
Anyway to bowl in the bust national post says
According to Michael Powell the US Federal Communications Commission chairman children parents and citizens deserve better than this
Classless crash and deplorable stunt
Take a deep breath mr. Powell whether the incident was a simple wardrobe malfunction as mr. Timberlake claimed and
If it by misjaction to promote her upcoming album or a bid to prove that she was not in fact her brother Michael
It's hard to imagine that a fleeting image of a plastic surgeon's handwork will be what corrupts America
Mr. Powell is ordered an investigation of the CBS broadcast, but this overwrought prude aside
We suspect that is the greatest line in this video journalism
This overwrought prude aside we suspect the majority of america's handriggers have already moved on
Hundreds of millions of fans went home or stayed home happy on Sunday night
Most of them remember the games great plays vividly long after Janet Jackson's breast
It comes to the answer to an unusually obscure question in some future edition of trivial pursuit
What a great article by the anxious right way national posting keep in mind
This is a very conservative paper and yet they find it just embarrassing and humiliating and it says
Take a deep breath mr. Powell
This overwrought prude aside
Meaning you Michael Powell you silly goose you asshole, okay, and I'm saying that very enthusiastically because the deal becoming very soon
When we can't say asshole on the radio no mo okay, I'm white one. I mean I or even wipe an ass
That's right unless maybe it's with handy wipes very
antiseptically to very lightly
I
Fact I think we'll all have to get a bid day just to make sure that we clean all that crap away. I got mine good good for you
Anyway, here's the a new poll for today not that we do we want to milk this thing?
See that that's another plan. I don't want to get carried away. You pre we want to milk it. Yes, okay?
I know that you do sure what's your take on boob gate?
Justin and Janet at the Super Bowl
That's our question today on your Rogers dot com. Hopefully we get another and we already are getting a rezoning in case
You miss the scene all those wonderful pictures on air those TD pictures take a look at them today over and over again
Especially the one that's animated it's in its in motion
He put the motion in his basket as just in his reaching across and just rips that baby
No, just rip like I said right there. It was close
What's your take on boob gate? I loved it when I can when can I see more?
It was shameful the FCC should stick it to them. Yeah, the FCC should stick it all right
I think it really wasn't accident now
I noticed I think it was the Sun sent all water papers to control on this yesterday
Not you people are really believe that this was an accident man when we study the Brooklyn Bridge at that point really nobody really thinks that wow
It was totally contrived. I loved it. It was totally contrived. I hated it
Haven't seen it which I don't know where those people are they must somebody must have stolen their TV even on the animal template channel
They were showing it discovery channel the crocodile hunt A and E they were showing it or grow up America you boobs
What a great list of choices there what's your take on boob gate? I loved it when can I see more it was shameful the FCC should stick it to them
I think it really wasn't accident. It was totally contrived
I loved it. It was totally contrived. I hated it haven't seen it or grow up America you boobs
Another magnificent pull if I do say so myself
12 minutes after 10 at 560 W come by the way
Don't forget our hot couples contest is up speaking of all this perversion and filth and skin and flesh that Michael Paul is so
Enbursed and humiliated by oh my god. Don't look at that movie look away son
Let's see through February 13th through what's the day today third?
Check another 10 days to submit your entries emailed your pictures for our contest to
Contest at neo-rogyes.com along with any messages you have from again. We'll give you all the details a minute
Right now reminded that president stay is less than two weeks away
And that means that those mall stores and showrooms are going to be running their annual phony mattress sale
You know the ones where they double the price and they say hey guess what we're gonna give you half off
Well, if you really want rock bottom prices on the best mattresses around every day 365 days a year pick up that instrument and call
1-800 mattress
That's the number for our good friends and dial amatris no phony sales no bait and swish just every day rock bottom prices on the complete line of
Celi Soda Simmons King Coral tempera petic and sterance and bananas foster choose from dozens of models at low-unbeatable
Every day discount prices you can rest easy and enjoy a great night sleep for years to come by calling 1-800 mattress right now
And don't forget only dollar mattress lets you choose a to our delivery for your window or a window delivery
They'll stick windows on your ass that meets your schedule any day seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night
In other words if you want them there from noon to 2 1 to 3 2 4 to 4 4 to 5
They'll be there
The automatic risk is prouder overall customer satisfaction record and you can't beat him with low prices
Same day delivery free set up and move loads easy to see why dollar mattresses ranked the best in the University of
Customers satisfaction so don't be fooled by those phony ads don't get sucked in by those
Expensive overpriced betting and apartment stores do what I've been doing for years along with George and Volka Brian McGill even fat boy
We've all made that one simple call to 1-800 mattress you ought to do the same 1-800 MATTR ES or do it online at mattress.com
Why?
Why?
Local.
We're sports radio 560s you a.m.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking
There, penis.
I don't think I like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
How you do stare at the floor.
I don't like you anymore.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's how we needed to get back.
Now it seems things are changed and I think that you're the one who blamed your penis.
I don't like you anymore.
He says they're running.
I don't think I like you anymore.
It's when you get to drinking.
You put me places I've never been before they're running.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand and relate to him?
Time to turn for truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together we just stay home forever.
There's no pain in the sun.
I don't like you after all.
Oh, and running while you're shaving my...
18 at 560 WQA.
We got 91 votes at about a heartbeat.
Especially you can say a Greg reads a douchebag.
91 votes.
Incredible, ain't it?
You can't see it there on your little monitor.
You see it?
See what?
This pretend.
Anyway, what's your take on boob gate?
91 votes.
Grow up America.
You boob 57.
That was my vote, of course, being a man of the world.
It was totally contrived.
I loved it, 12.
I loved it when I can see more.
Seven.
Believe me, come and see it on our website.
Lots more.
It was shameful.
The FCC should stick it to them.
Seven.
Right.
It was totally contrived.
I hated it.
Five.
Must have been a bunch of five faggits, don't you think?
Of her prudes.
I think it really wasn't accident too, and I haven't seen it one.
I think it was really an accident too.
Oh my god.
At any rate.
So the initial headline, when you go to the website,
originally New York Post, it does say tit for 10.
But when you click it on, it says, do a cotton booby trap.
I thought I had imagined that.
I would make anything up like that when I didn't.
It said tit for 10.
Well, that's what it says in New York Post.
Okay, don't believe me on it.
CBS is moving to bounce Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell
from next Sunday's Grammy Awards.
And then the National Opera following, they're ex rated
prime time Super Bowl stunt.
In other words, they're ready to say,
BYE BYE BYE!
To Janet and Justin.
Sources told the Post and Network will demand the two stars be tossed
from the 46th annual Grammy Awards if, if CBS's probe shows
the duo skimmed in advance to expose Jackson's pierced breast
during the halftime spectacle.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
BYE BYE BYE!
Jackson admitted as much in the statement last night saying,
the decision to have a costume reveal at the end of my halftime performance
was made after final rehearsals, a costume reveal.
I like it.
She said MTV which produced the show did not know about the Boob surprise
and she apologized for the stunt, apologized, saying it was not my intention
that it go as far as it did.
The Grammys which will be held in Los Angeles will be telecast by CBS,
which also show the Super Bowl.
Jackson is scheduled to be a presenter and Timberlank is slated to perform.
Perform what?
BYE BYE BYE!
I thought the Grammys were for a music.
What else he got to do with music?
As many as 90 million fans watch will undoubtedly become the most
famous halftime performance in history during a sex charge to wet a rock your body,
Timberlank saying, BYE BYE BYE!
I'll get you naked by the end of this song and then ripped off a piece of Jackson's leather top,
exposing her breast.
Sans Nipple.
I'm gonna say it again and everybody seems to be forgetting this in the middle of this big Boob fest
is that the only thing that is prohibited is the Nipple.
You didn't see the Nipple it had that...
Huh?
Oh, a little tiny bit.
It said Jackson's Nipple showed through a metallic sunshape of dye and held it placed by tiny piercing.
The Nipple was encased in that piercing, man.
How about it poke through?
Well, it poke a little teeny tiny bit.
Oh, that's enough.
And his apology, in fact that'd be a good pull question.
What percentage of the Nipple has to show through before it becomes ex-rated?
Before Michael Paul starts getting his pals all been out of shape.
In his apology, Timberlank said that titillating surprise was not intentional.
It was merely a wardrobe malfunction.
That's what he said.
But he later told Access Hollywood that we love giving you all something to talk about.
They're just toying with him.
They're latowing with him.
If he fell off the cliff, we thought...
CBS, oh man!
I talk about that for a month!
Come on Justin, you can do it or maybe we can put him in that moon and that space shot.
What is a buddy there? What's his name?
Lance.
Lance Bass.
Oh.
CBS and MTV both and I knew ahead of time about the stump.
A photographer is covering the Super Bowl reported that reps for the two artists.
12 photographers were to stand in order to get the best view.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
Photographers covering the Super Bowl reported that reps for the two artists.
12 photographers were to stand in order to get the best view.
So in other words, anybody that votes, it was an accident which we have two of those votes on there.
You need a lobotomy immediately.
In fact, we're going to get Sheridan's a doctor from a patient's to take care of.
One-shutter votes had handled his projection and tinkable advised them to be ready for the surprise.
FCC chairman, the anxious obnoxious Michael Powell, blasted the halftime spectacles classless and said the FCC will immediately begin investigation,
which we got that story next.
I got left just a whole thank god.
I got a pile of stuff here today.
You know what?
Yep.
With all your technical problems down here at QAM.
Oh, look at those phone lines.
What?
They're ringing me.
Well, I'm not, I'm not playing that.
Well, punch up one of them.
Okay.
QAM.
Hello.
See like I said, don't, don't, don't, uh, even waste of time.
Okay, we got too many fish to fry here.
Okay.
We're rolling it, man.
We finally turned the corner here.
We discovered that America wants to see naked boobies.
It's a major discovery.
And Michael Powell was saying, oh, this was the most disgusting right.
And well, wait till we get to the next door about how they're investigating even the farting, farting dog they're going to get upset about.
And then of course that blast of a hot air that came up through the, uh, the sewer in New York.
Anyway, like millions of Americans, Mr. Powell said, my family and I gathered around the TV for a celebration.
Instead, that celebration was tainted by a classless crash and deplorable stunt.
Our nation's children, parents and citizens deserve better.
God forbid that those children should see a naked booby or at least almost naked and maybe even a little nip.
Officials at T-Vo, the popular device that lets people record and replay live TV, reported that the moment was the most T-Vo in the company's history, the most T-Vo in history.
All right.
And the internet buzzed with pictures and videos of Jackson's breakout performance.
And let me say it again, we broke all of our records by so far with over 538,000 hits in one day, just shocking.
It was, they were full, and they're still doing it.
They're still foaming at the mouth and at the crotch.
How do you like that, Michael Powell?
Hey, why haven't one suggestion for you?
Yeah, you idiot.
Her record company took the opportunity to send out copies of her new single, the radio stations.
That single, by the way, wasn't supposed to be released for another two weeks.
But just happened to show up on PD's desk yesterday morning, the day after the event.
Strike while a tie.
Just an accident.
MTV apologized for the incident.
The NFL said the cable network known for pushing boundaries will never be invited back to producer half-time show.
Right.
In an internal memo obtained by the post-CBS boss Les Moonvay's told staffers,
I want to offer my personal assurances we're looking into this matter.
We'll do everything we can to get to the bottom of it, the bottom.
Break them.
In fact, that's going to be next year.
She's going to like, they're going to show her ass.
All that we did see, ass, yesterday, and I won a commercial.
I didn't.
And we're going to do something about that real fast pronto, Tonto.
We don't want to see no more naked ass, especially when some little kids sitting there at the damn breakfast table.
Look at it, mommy's ass. That's bad.
People are dying all over the world and they're racking our hand and our kids are dying over there.
But we're worried about some kids seeing his mommy's ass.
We attended all rehearsals of the show, Mr. Moonman said, and there was no indication at any time that such an inappropriate display was kind of played.
Of course, we already know that they didn't rehearse it ahead of time because it would have been nipped in the bud.
Right. Right.
It would have been nipped in the bud.
So they didn't rehearse it ahead of time.
It was the surprise that MTV had been promising on their websites since January 29 anyway.
They already told everybody ahead of time that we're going to do something wild and off the beaten track,
the beaten off path.
And now we have these very serious discussions.
We have to have an investigation.
Was it contrived?
Was this just an accident?
Man, oh man, grow up America.
You boob that's the right answer and thank God it's running away on our pool.
Look at that.
Running away with it.
Oh, look at that.
Get a life.
Just like it says here, what does it say?
Take a deep breath, Mr. Powell.
You idiot.
You simple than you.
You goody-toothed shoes lunatic of the far right.
Here we got cheap channel and all these other companies that are led enough by every radio TV station and newspaper in America.
And you know, we got right all right wing all day, all right wing spin all day.
And what are they worried about?
They're worried about a naked booby and a halftime show with a super bowl.
You jackass you 27 after 10 to 5 60 WQM.
Hey guys, last time you looked at it, you decided it's just too small.
It doesn't impress women.
It certainly doesn't last as long as it used to.
Take a breath, Mr. Powell, because we're talking about your paycheck, of course.
Not yours.
You imagine how much money those grave robbers got?
Oh, God.
Your whole family, your bunches sell out.
It's your daddy, your new, your bunches sell out.
It's okay to the right wing fascist establishment anyway.
Call a fast train toll free at 1-866-FASTRAN to start that new high paying computer career.
In just four short months, fast-tracking up to get yourself a new high paying computer career,
the demand for computer professionals continues to grow like Thompson.
So if you want to get out of your dead end job and say goodbye to your schmuck boss,
call fast train today at 1-866-FASTRAN.
And with seven locations around, Tom Fastrains bow to have a campus convenient nearby you.
Fast train offers you job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify.
With day, night and weekend classes, there's absolutely, positively, no excuse to stay in your dead end job, no more.
If you register now, you can have that new high paying career in just four short months.
So call him today or check him out on the web first, if you like,
because now you can have a big impressive one too, a big fat paycheck.
That's fast train.com on the web or call him at 1-866-FASTRAN.
And look all this is 4205-6-E.
You ain't too way.
Thousands of Americans are victims every year.
Deves stop at nothing to take your car, until now.
Introducing the newest in auto-level protection, the Howard Dean Car alarm.
Hey man, look, a Porsche. Give me the car alarm.
When installed, the Howard Dean Car alarm would be turned the most crappy, would be thieves.
The Howard Dean Car alarm. Now available in select states.
And coming soon to the rest of America.
None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean Car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for President campaign fund.
Thank God. 1032 and 560 WDQ. I got those big seven primaries and caucuses today.
Anybody here? No.
Now they're still showing Janet and Justin over and over.
It's disgusting. Look at this. Isn't that disgusting?
Can you believe that they had this?
Justin and Janet. Right.
How long? How many days before? How many minutes before we get that bit?
About 30 minutes. Right.
188 votes. Are you ready for that?
188 votes in a matter of moments.
What's your take on boom gate? The most talked about events in the...
I would say in the history of mankind.
Did I talk about Hiroshima this much?
No. No. No. Nagasaki. No.
The Holocaust. The end of WW2? No. No. Vietnam? No.
JFK got shot? No. Bobby Kennedy? No. Martin Luther King? No. No.
Industrial Revolution. George Washington got a good set of teeth. No. No. No.
Captain of Cherry Tree? No. Nothing even close.
To Janet and Justin's booby gate.
Now keep in mind the same people like Michael Power, they're whipped up into a frenzy of righteous indignation about this.
These are the same people that gave us penis gate. Right.
And President Bumble with his blow jobs in the stain on the blue dress and Kenny Star and his big star report
which was so exorated that even Janet would be blushing right now.
Reno, not Jackson.
How can you tell when Janet Jackson is blushing anyway?
188 votes. For Apple's good heart.
Was that well and we had a say?
Grow up America you boobs 119% of this audience is it's time for you to grow up and stop being a much overgrown children through idiots you.
It was totally contrived. I loved it 27. I loved it when I see more 16.
It was shameful. The FCC should stick it to them 13, 6.9% goody two shoes. It was disgusting.
And by the way those same people are the ones who are checking it out on our website over and over and over again with their hand on their noodle.
It was totally contrived. I hated it 13. Got to be a modicone and cheese.
I think it was really an accident five. It was an accident.
I mean you know the fact that they talked about it and promoted ahead of time. It was just an accident.
It was really weird for her crush.
And I haven't seen it three of which I'm sure Blimey is one of those out of 203 votes.
Huh? You're right.
Well how could if you have a television set is there any chance you haven't seen it? No.
Even on Disney they showed it over and over again on the weather channel.
On the CBC they showed it. It's partly booby.
Let's see we got some fangs here before we get to more of the big stories.
It says all this simple to an immature talk going on all day long is what caused the kids to be obsessed with the human anatomy.
If we were truly in touch with ourselves yeah that's the problem they're touching themselves.
In our intellect our academia our common sense nothing would have been said and the kids could go to school and play kickball rather than wonder what is so bad about the woman's body.
Very good point. Shame on the people running this perverted society we live in.
Neal speed the children says Godspeed first across the other put like.
Speed the children beautiful excellent the thought.
The old Cooot says last night Letterman said that the last time he had a costume malfunction it became a father.
And it says the old Cooot says school Michael Powell.
Where's school? Amen. America's voted Michael Powell and they agreed that you're an asshole man that you're a prude.
You're an imbecile. In fact what does the national post again say?
This overwrought prude.
You're an overwrought prude.
Right. Pastoring for the public of course it's election year and we have to show you how much more moral we brought decency back to America.
Just the fact that we've lied about creating a war that we cooked up ahead of time and made all excuses about and set your sons and daughters over there to die for no good reason at all in Iraq.
Don't confuse us with the facts because the Bushmeister right now he's busy appointing a very independent panel.
People like Paul Wolfowitz Henry Kissinger Richard Pearl and other build crystal all objective people maybe he'll even stick Bob Novak in there.
Now let's get to the real juicy story here okay.
This is because the coast is sure this is more than just why I better save it for after the break.
I was oblivious the beast made some reference to me about this yesterday while we were celebrating there was a football game Sunday at the Patriots 132 29 by the way there's a super bowl champs.
Huh? At least one killed is New England fan's turn violent I hadn't even seen that.
I mean why should Boston be different from any place else where after a sporting event major victory people get a little bit carried away a little psychotic probably because they've been repressed so much and haven't seen enough breasts.
At least one person was killed when a motorist plot of Evelyn a crowd of revelers after they Patriots went over the Panthers Boston police said on Monday the driver Stanley Faloma.
Back to SUV down a crowded street near Northeastern University struck at least four people before driving away.
Faloma is one of the four people arrested overnight in Boston where hundreds of rowdy fans overturned cars broke windows set fires and pelted police with bottles and other objects following the Patriots second super bowl of every three in three years and of course.
That might have been part of the problem because what's the super bowl or any other football game.
American star would out there lots of beer okay.
Come to be hopefully budwais it and they spent 2.3 million for 30 second.
I'm a spot. Hey the second right is the real event. That's right.
So I thought we just mentioned that and passing not that anybody really cares because the Abube is still a major event.
That's the talk of America from coast to coast from pillar to post we got primary elections in seven states and two caucuses five of primaries.
Yeah. And America's worried about Janet Jackson's booby which quite frankly and I've seen a lot of boobies in my time.
I come as a surprise to you being the old bag that I am. I've seen lots and lots of boobies. How many thousands of probably at least 30,000 boobies in my time.
And hers is somewhere in the middle as far as you know it's PC come saw right no thing but it do got no thing but it's got a ring.
I heard Justin was wearing a ring too and they were planning to show that to the Grammy.
Yeah. That's the good news. Yeah but the only problem is he ain't got nothing to put it on.
He's just going to hold it up. Hey what does this look like guys. Oh man it's one of them.
How sad. How really embarrassing. I am. I'm just embarrassed for America. I'm humiliated and especially my colleagues in the media.
And I say that joking because I don't want to have nothing to do with any of you.
You assholes at CNN, CBS, MSNBC, Fox. I don't know because I don't watch it.
I mean I can't imagine that the good righteous right wing folks at Fox, the people of the cloth that they will be showing something like this are they over and over again.
Yeah the watchcloth. Yeah people people of the watchcloth is right.
Don't forget our hot couples contest begin of watch plots.
You have till February 13 to submit your entries. Email your pictures to contest at neo-ranges.com.
If you'd like to send some personal messages to Miguel, be sure and use that same address contest at neo-ranges.com.
And then the week of February 16, we'll let you vote as to which couple you think is the hottest, which one you are most the.
Desirous up and a couple with the most votes at the end of that week wins their choice of these first prize either the trip for two to heathenism in Jamaica or.
Trip for two to where all oasis casino in the Bahamas.
And of course the second part of the runner up gets whichever trip is left over which ain't bad.
The third place prize is a little bit less lofty.
Where's it more lofty?
Loughty est.
It's a pizza lofty. You didn't refer to the pizza lot.
All the contest rules are on our website neo-rangers.com, which is where you'll also find just an enjane doing it and shaking it and bacon it and quaken it and the rippin it and whatever else they do.
Right. In slow mo close up freeze frame.
Get on there and take a peek.
Okay, you will not die.
You will not have hair growing to palms your hands at sediment, so on.
The world will not come to an end.
The decision never cost him. Look at that. There's the end of the game TV.
You know, she just pissed off because her brothers get all the all the media attention again.
Well, she showed him.
So leave it. Yeah, she showed everybody.
He said ain't no thing.
He's because he's got the smaller fish to fry.
Okay. He's got younger fish to fry.
19 before 11 speaking of fish fry, welcome in the Chinese New Year with the emerald coast from now through February the eighth, which is another five days.
Join emerald coast for its traditional Chinese New Year specialities as they say.
Why do the Brits say specialities because they're silly holiday specials at the emerald coast include roasted duck, suckling pigs, sweetens our fish and an assortment of Chinese dumplings served every evening during the New Year celebration.
With each meal every charm receives its traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm and the emerald coast of course is still got its regular buffet.
The lights just tons of them start out with any or all six different soups.
Enjoy dozens and dozens probably at least 30 dozen suckle on phrase New York strip made order with the sizzling Asian grill.
New seafood saying Jacques is fantastic oysters on a hash show.
Alaskan stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampy.
If you still have room sampler hand carb prime rib the new Thai specialties to the buffet features a full sound of bar new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail as well.
No MSG no cornstarch no craft no MSG headaches when you eat at the emerald coast and they cook everything only in cholesterol for your own two.
And if you have any room at the end of this gigantic pig out they got a full dessert station waiting for you featuring Belgian waffles pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit.
So pick out with a whole gang at the emerald coast with three locations in South Florida they're in sunrise pine on a 44th street.
They run Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street in North Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke Roads in prestigious Pembroke pies.
Take the whole family that got some a sparkle or book your next business lunch and right now and let our good friends at the emerald coast cook up a storm for you.
Take out and delivery available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 you can't be the one to stick the world famous emerald coast Chinese buffet.
My life and look all this is for trade oh my city.
You wait and wait.
Notice how she started to fill out her blouse wow what a difference.
She was here one of my whole this she starts for me because I was right now she my primary home.
They're talking about the new hooter enhancement method developed by Boobmore Labs.
It's quick easy and involves only minor surgery. It's all based on the simple inflation system.
In only one visit our Boobmore Labs technicians can insert the patented air bladder and filler nozzle and you're on your way with bigger better Boob.
My new hooters are just fabulous depending on the occasion I can adjust the air pressure to fit the type of garment I'm wearing.
Sometimes you could be surprised to be out come. I'm a stewardess and on a trip to Miami I forgot to release some of the pressure before we took off.
My new hooters love the size of basketballs will may reach cruising altitude.
Boy was either most popular girl on the flight.
Booter enlargement by Boobmore Labs. Adjustable fun bags for any occasion call today for every consultation.
You won't regret it. I'm one my lady with a Hollywood type party right now and with one quick stop at the arco station I'll be pumped up with cheap slut in just one minute.
1046 at 560 WPM. How's your network coming down here?
I'm just thinking maybe there's a worm in your building. You think this could be a worm in a QM building? Yeah we got worms.
You got to run away worm. I mean that's what was crawling down most forehead this morning.
By the way a shy is the new producer for mole from New York. But don't buy a house shy. Don't unpack your bags yet. Not when you're working.
He's not like a pretty good guy but that was shy. But wow.
You'll see him fly right out that door when he finds the cases on to what he's doing with good luck.
Yes, you'll need it. Absolutely. Anyway meanwhile while all this stuff is going on which we have lots of lots more.
Any the the hysteria continues. You know we already got a hundred and twelve thousand hits on our website today.
I'll take the word for it. Too bad you can't look at it man. It's pretty impressive.
Traces of rice and found in senate mail room Bill Frist says the substance is likely sent with intent to harm.
No Schmidt bill very perceptive on your part. I thought they were just sent in to give him something to do.
You know I can't buy their time. Three senate office buildings are closed today.
Bill Frist the senate majority leader says the capital will be open for essential personnel only.
Even though the senate is holding their meat today. All throws will be canceled till further notice.
The senate office buildings will be closed including the heart of the heart and Russell senate office buildings.
Tested on a white pottery substance found in the mail room indicate the presence of rice in US capital police chief Terrence Geiner and Frist said last night.
Did you see him last night breathlessly on air? No. Didn't see it. No I wasn't. I'm CNN. Well shame on you. Oh God.
Well, at least it wasn't. Right. Frist says he considers the incident a terrorist activity. Now I would say this to you that terrorists like Al Qaeda and so on.
They don't use something like rice and because it's not contagious. First of all, it's also secondly very difficult to like aerosolize. Right.
Selected as per city enormous amounts to be really dangerous. The kind of people that like the tinnitus of a kind that use a domestic terrorist use things like rice.
As opposed to maybe and by the way you ought to rest assured because look what a great job the government is doing on that.
Investigation from right after 9.11. Are they doing a fabulous job spectacular. In fact, I hear they got a couple of people of interest in mind.
His two might have sent it. I think their names were just an enjanit. Right. And just like that. We're blaming them for everything else. So here again is a little more about the Tvo thing before getting to the really meaty stuff.
I'm just doing a little foreplay. If you're wondering why we're not taking any calls. It's because our phone on the whole Internet thing.
It could have screwed up as usual because our engineering staff are a bunch of joling idiots. Am I right? That's what Jim Yelton said.
I'll probably leave him out periodically. Look up there and see if you see any dots pop on. What does that mean? That means it might come on. Well, it's not now. All right.
What wouldn't you know is it will only come on. I see you're missing something. It'll only come on when your Internet connection comes back. We've been through this before.
They might not come on at the same time. One. Yes, they will. No, yours will come up first. Okay. Believe me. We've been like this morning before the show of Georgia saying, well, you know, you should turn off your computer.
I do. They crawl around on the floor. I'm not doing any of that because I know it's on your ass end down there. Okay. Mr. Hive shot. I know that we've been through it. How many times before?
Every single time you're batting a thousand every single time. It was the screwed up stuff at Q.I.M.
Everything here is working a okay. Find his wine. Grow up America. Anyway, when Justin Tinkerbell, Torch and Jackson's leather outfit during a Sunday Super Bowl halftime show, Tivo users took notice.
They took notice again and again, just like our people are doing on our website on the rushes.com. Don't look too long. No, don't look at it too long and hard.
Using the digital video recorded or replay the event and to pause at the crucial moment or to discern just what it was, the Jackson had revealed the millions of Americans.
But you don't have to do that. This go to our website. It's whatever part of it you want to see. It's there big and full.
Tivo said that particular halftime start with the most replayed moment not only in all of the Super Bowl moments, but all TV moments ever that they've ever measured.
Tivo said it used its technology to measure audience behavior among 20,000 users during the Super Bowl. The exercise revealed a 180% spike in viewership at the time.
As Tinkerbell like refers to it of the wardrobe malfunction.
One notable Tivo user apparently on impressed with the performance of Timberlake in Jackson was FCC chairman Michael Powell, who launched an investigation into bear-breasted matter.
Powell is so taken, wait till you hear this. Are you sending up straight holding on to the sides of your seat? Okay.
Powell is so taken with Tivo that he wants referred to it as God's machine.
You ready for that? I'm speechless. And I'm sure that he had millions of other Americans looking at it saying, oh God, that's good. It's God's machine.
This marks the third year that Tivo's released details of its second by second review of how Super Bowl viewers use the unit.
Not only did users pause and replay the infamous portion of the halftime show more than any moment during the game, but they also did the same for some commercials as well.
Tivo's two top commercials based on user behavior are both from Bud Light, a romantic sleigh ride interrupted by a flatulent horse, and a sharp toothed dog demonstrating his unusual way of scoring a beer for his master.
And of course, well, we'll get to this story now and teasing at the whole time, just like Dan Rathett on CBS evening news last night for the entire newscast teasing, oh well CBS is going to respond in the MTV apologizing audio.
And there it was over and over and of course, every time they went to a break, here's the teaser, which is given excuse to show it 100 more time.
Maybe not 100 maybe. FCC is investigating the Super Bowl show because sensor and repress. That's the modus operandi of the right wing sensor and repress America.
Whatever you want, we'll take it away from it. You like it? We won't let you see it.
Sensor and repress. This is from the Washington Post, so it might be true.
The FCC launched an investigation into Sunday's controversial Super Bowl halftime show yesterday and FCC chairman Michael, Paul Telephone, Mel Carmes, and president of CBS Parent Vycomic to express his outrage.
Say the entertainment giant should have known what was going to transpired during the show. He called Mel Carmes and to say, you some bitch you ready for that?
You bastard, you miserable and the lousy piece of crap you.
The FCC Proble encompassed the entire halftime program, not just that one little, not just that, including the Bifurc Sposure of Singer, Janet Jackson's breast and the sexualized dance routine precipitating it to determine if it violates in decency standards set in law and enforced by the FCC.
As this government and America continue taking gigantic, enormous steps back into the Stone Age, not the Stone Age.
The Stone Age. You're speaking of Stone Age? Yeah.
We have another great story on our website today. Weedwatch. No child's ear and left behind. Speaking of the Stone Age.
Oh, I see. Checking wind direction. We got that one too. I think it was the wind of that course. That's what they're checking.
I want to check the philosophy and the velocity and the philosophy and the aroma.
The FCC, well anyway, if indecency violations are found each of I comes 200 owned and affiliate stations could face it, penalty up to 27,500 dollars.
I bet that they're shaking in their boots.
FCC officials said the agency may also pursue penalties against CBS and the individual performers, Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell.
How do you like that? Now what are they going to do to them?
Fryum? Yeah. Okay. Final.
The FCC announced its Probe as NFL Commissioner Paul Taglia-Bubi promised that the league would change its policies to ensure that future halftime shows are a far more appropriate quality for the Super Bowl game.
Paul said the investigation will be thorough and swift. Oh, man. He's promising justice. That's right.
And you know who's going to go do for justice? Don Kalyom. You got it.
Or maybe Dave Justice. And we can see how he buries or how he's buries.
Outraged of what I saw during halftime of the show with the Super Bowl, the FCC, Chim and Send the Statement.
Yadiyadi, we've read that a minute and times. The other FCC commissioners issued similar statements.
In addition to the racey halftime show some of the commercial show during the game featured previews for violent movies and jokes employing scatological humor.
Okay. You ready for that? Oh no. A flatulent horse. Oh no.
I guess we forgot all about Howard Stern and fartman. Of course that was on MTV. That's a cable channel.
I see. I didn't know fart was scatological humor.
And we forgot about Brittany just about stripping down almost nothing. But that was also on MTV.
See, luckily the FCC, thank the Lord, doesn't regulate the Internet yet.
Yet. So we can put whatever we want on there.
The only thing that regulate is kiddie porn because that's not the FCC. That's the law and they should. That's the law.
Anything aside from that, they got no control over, including the anxious Mr. Powell.
We expressed our concerns to our eminency Joe Brown, the NFL's vice president, communications of government.
First, I believe it expressed its concerns to MTV. A Vycom subsidiary which produced the show for CBS will screw him.
He says we applaud the FCC's investigation of the MTV produced half time. We and our fans were embarrassed by the entire show.
What does that mean? We and our fans? In other words, all the football fans were embarrassed by that.
That must be why they're watching it over and over and over again and broke all records of Tivo and on our website.
And probably even on the Fudge report and everybody else that has a website because they're so embarrassed by it.
They want to see if they look at it a whole bunch of times. 30,000 times if the embarrassment factor rises or if anything else rises.
You know what they say? The Sun also rises.
That's what Michael Jackson says. Four minutes till 11 at 560 W. Kim we apologize. Don't be for spending this whole first down. We're not done yet either.
No, no, no.
Oh, man, I guess I had my psychic powers must have kicked in again today. I must have known that your equipment, the whole networking was going to be screwed up.
I think you got the worm down there. Okay. I don't think it's going to be the easy, usual piece of cake that it is.
Oh, and there's a speaking of Paul. But I think the test really has that other lion's saccharcraft sellout. His daddy, Colin Powell.
Oh, here's the maps. Remember, this is where they were. We know that they're there. And of course, what's his name? What's his name?
Ascroft is still a screaming in the hollering and Rumsfeld and they're all screaming in the hollering about those those mobile vans, man. Look out.
Actually, they're ice cream trucks. 1057 at 560 WQM if you think of it, buying a new car or truck well. If you want to save a lot of cash, I urge you to visit Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead located on US 1 just 20 easy minutes.
South of 836 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive fee to save a lot of cash thousands and thousands of dollars on those great new Toyota's.
Check out these unbeatable prices in O4 Corolla loaded, including air that you own for just 12 990 in O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990.
Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America from just 14 990. And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, you get a free sun pass.
Just don't forget these were the first either of you either off your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Rich and the staff are going to do whatever it takes they'll stand on our head if it's necessary to put you in a new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference they're locally owned and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction. The service department has opened late week nights to late to make sure your service work is done and done right.
Conveniently located on US one and two 93rd Street in homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836. So if you're fed up to your ears of those mega dealers who over promise and under deliver here's what you'll do call our friend David Rich, the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Call them a 305 to 4232 47 305 to 4232 47. Grab a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
He said what just happened. This is my best.
You win.
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I love you everyday.
Just look straight out the blinds.
I think this is my best side. Get a tight shot of my behind.
Welcome.
I need your love.
I hope you'll leave my love.
Oh, hold me.
Use me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
All right.
Eight times a day.
To teach my husband how to.
Eight times a day.
It's the disc you that it quail.
Love me everyday, John.
You're always on my tail.
Make me scream for a page, John.
Cause soon I'll be in jail.
Oh, hold me.
Touch me.
Use me.
Must me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
You've turned eight times a day.
11.04.560 W.
I'm going to divert this for just a second.
Can I do that?
Okay.
Hey, how are your dots coming?
Oh, no dots.
Why is your internet connection back?
No.
I told you.
Are you not listening to them?
Yeah.
Do not listen to them.
Okay.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
No dot.
Okay.
No dots and no more.
Anyway, I was starting to say before.
I was so weirdly interrupted by technically incompetent people in South Florida.
I got two things that really pissed me off and fired me up before we get back to that great column by Alessandra Stanley.
In the New York Times, it is just it's so perfect.
Anyway, the daily outrage by Matt Bivens who writes for the nation.
One of my favorite publications.
And this just pisses me off so big time.
And nobody's talking about it.
It's one of the great scandals in America as they continue gouging you, raping the public.
Keeping it I've heard it with your attention.
I'll fixated on Janet Jackson's breast while they stick their hand up you into your wallet and up your ass.
Matt writes public citizen is calling for investigation of Billy Toes and the Republican Congressman from Louisiana who had a key role in writing the Medicare prescription drug law.
And now that he's done with that, got a big thank you in the form of a sweet offered lobby in Washington for the pharmaceutical industry.
The compensation package rumored to be somewhere between one million to two and a half million a year.
Would be likely the largest compensation package on record for any one of the trade association public citizen says.
Toes and hasn't yet said whether he'll accept it.
He seemed to have been given pause by the drumbeat of indignation that's risen at the idea.
The record size of the drug industry contract and the fact that the offer became public less than two months after the drug industry scored a major victory with this legislation.
Raised serious questions about where the representative Toes and the actions were tainted.
Say Joan Cable put it up public citizens president while represented toes and was writing the bill he put out the word that he was retiring from Congress and looking for a new work.
This doesn't pass the smell test she said.
Toes is not the only politician who seems to be cashing in his tips with the drug industry.
Tom Scully the White House point person on the Medicare bill recently quit government to go to work for law firms that represent pharmaceutical interests.
So we have a situation where the lead administration person on the bill and the lead manager on the bill in the house are going back to work for the pharmaceutical companies Nancy Pelosi says.
I think would be important to the American people to know when the negotiations for these positions began.
And this Billy toes and by the way he's also one of the leaders against the importation of prescription drugs from Canada.
Because they're dangerous because God only knows what's in those Canadian drugs.
It's a 10th world country. Right.
It might be filled with SARS.
Oh, we're getting commercials about that now in case you haven't seen them up there.
I guess you wouldn't say what when I want to why do you say that don't I get the Buffalo and network affiliates?
Yes. I guess you do, but I don't know if they're specifically targeted to Florida people because I only saw it once saying what saying that the drugs that you get from overseas are dangerous poison and it's not the only thing that you get from overseas.
Well, yes, what Canada ate overseas last time. I checked it.
Let's talk about that big ocean that separates Canada from the US talking about other countries.
Right. Which is also fallacious, but the, but he's leading the fight against the Canadian.
They're putting all these people out of business because God forbid they should save the American public.
Any money God forbid they should interfere with the pharmaceutical companies raping the American public just raping and raping and or just gouging.
So that senior citizens have to choose one month between paying their rent and next month maybe between being able to get their prescription drugs to stay alive things like that.
Why isn't there more outrage and screaming and howling about that just wailing and gnashing of teeth why I'd like to know, you know.
How come why exactly.
So this and I want to thank personally Janet Jackson and even Justin Tinkerbell who might aspise like poison.
I want to thank them both because look what they've done for us, right.
Can you believe it? Sure, just think of it.
It had been a couple of attractive people.
424 votes on a poll in much less than an hour. I think it went up about 1018.
424 votes.
You want to hear how many hits we have on our website or you'll have to tell me.
Take a look at your thing there.
If you ask me that again, you're going to start seeing dust and stars understand that they don't believe me when they come in here and they tell me that it's working.
They won't take my work.
It's not there's nothing here. It will not come back here until your internet connection is back. Believe me, we've been through this a million times.
I know a little something about this whole deal. This whole setup. I've been doing a long time.
130,000 hits as of 11 o'clock this morning.
Ready for that? Okay. Shocking. Amazing.
Here's another one that you're going to like a lot before we get back to the important news of the day, which of course is whoop gate.
Suit alleges Walmart locked janitors into stores. I'm sure you've seen this. No. You haven't seen this story.
A civil right suit filed against Walmart by Mexican immigrants has been expanded to include plaintiffs from Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic
and to accuse Walmart of locking its janitors inside stores during their shifts. A lawyer for Walmart denied the allegations.
The Walmart people are the anal anticlisto and a chupacabra and whatever else you can think of. And they chewed by two. For years now.
Oh, guess who's going into Walmart's blimpies? Did you see that? Oh, well, have you seen that? No.
Well, nice. Look at what you're learning. I'm a fountain of knowledge today. Yeah. Yeah.
That's sports court. Mondays amendment to a suit filed November 10th in US District Court in Newark, New Jersey comes as a federal grand jury in Pennsylvania.
Why seven and stood determined whether America's biggest retailer will face criminal charges. We can only hope and pray in the use of illegal immigrants to clean its stores.
On October 23rd, INS agents rated Walmart stores across the country in a suite that resulted in the arrest of hundreds of janitors and immigration charges.
Among those arrested then were the 17 named plaintiffs in the civil suit, including 11 Mexican immigrants who were working in stores in New Jersey and Texas and made up the original plaintiffs plus the six Eastern Europeans amended to the list of plaintiffs.
All but one of the janitors named the suit have been released from INS custody pending deportation hearings and remain in the US including 9 in New Jersey, 2 in Texas, 1 in Alabama, 2 in Florida and 2 in Virginia.
So girl, Gilberto Garcia, the immigration lawyer, Garcia said one janitor voluntarily returned to his native Czech Republic. So let me get that out of here.
The suit alleges that the employees were locked in stores with warnings from managers not to use emergency fire exits for anything but a fire or they be fired.
But he liked that. James Lindsay, lawyer for the plaintiffs, said he and other lawyers decided to re-invue their clients then amend the suit after reading report in the New York Times last month that contained a separate allegation that janitors were being locked in.
The original suit claimed some workers being forced to work seven days, 70 hour weeks for 1,500 bucks a month.
Now let's see, figure that out. 1,500 a month is what? About 400 a week? Less. Let's say 400 a week, round it off. 70 hours to 400 is what?
You ask me to do that?
About 5 bucks an hour?
It comes out to about 5 bucks an hour at Walmart being locked in a course.
David Murray, lawyer for attorney, said the allegations were absolutely incorrect. Absolutely incorrect is what he said.
He said his concern for workers rights was the reason the chain eliminated use of cleaning contractors in 80% of its stores.
Murray acknowledged that the doors were kept locked but insisted that a manager with a key was always present.
Just in case anybody had like, you know, go running out and the parking lot screaming and yelling and carrying on like lunatics.
Right. So there you go, Walmart and Billy Tozen. I just throw those in because we need just a little bit of a variety.
Now you can punch up a call real quick. QAAM, hello? That's good enough.
We're batting a thousand. That's two for two. I told you.
Man, thank God that my psychic powers are, they're scary. They really are. It's frightening.
I'm playing at this enormous pile of stuff. This is like all times during those seven months of phone call as show as man, which stuff hated like poison.
You liked it? Yeah. You and me and that was it. And our friend Lynn, well my friend Lynn, you're, he wants your job.
It's 11 13. How's the poor coming better get take a peek at that pole. The votes are pouring in. What's your take on boob gate?
Just an enjanted at the super bowl halftime show. Grow up America. You boobs 241 55% which of course is the correct answer.
241 out of 438 votes. It was totally contrived. I loved it. 64. I loved it. One can I see more 47.
It was shameful. The F.C. She's the F.C. She should stick it to him. 38. It was totally contrived. I hated it. 35.
I think it really wasn't accident. 8. And I haven't seen it. 5 out of 445 votes. 5 people say that haven't seen it, which means their TV's broke.
14 past 11 at 560 WQ. I'll tell you if you go to the pizza lock. I mentioned Jeff Cohen's going to have a lot to say about that because anything that has to do with perversion and boobies and stuff like that.
That's right up his alley. Sally. He loves it. And you'll love the food at the pizza lock. You love the prices. You love the atmosphere, the friendly service. It's a really laid back great place where you can enjoy the best Italian goodies.
Monday night at the lock is lasagna night. Two they like the night is eggplant night. You buy one of these dinners on these nights. Get the second one for only five bucks.
Every Wednesday kids eat free with adults and they can see Jeff's famous magic show. You ought to see his magician whip it out for him.
Thursday is bike night at the lock. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner and get the second one for half price. They got it all. They got the world's best garlic rolls. Three different kinds of pizza.
Every kind of pasta dish out of the sun. Everything cooked to order. No soggy, limp pasta at the pizza lock. I guarantee you that. They got kale zones and super subs and seafood,
Ville and lots more at the pizza lock in the day. We really got tons of tons of free parking right in front there on university drive between Griffith and 595 right beyond prestigious Pier 1 imports.
Kitty corner where Sadie's buffet used to be. Is that still there? I'll know. And who cares. Pizza lock anyway for take out for delivered call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8. And don't forget Jeff Cater's for as low as 5 bucks per person for your next affair.
9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8. Still going strong the original power pizza lock in baby.
We're sports radio 5 6 9 8. You a. M.
Oh.
You call that a penis.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Love it 21 at 560. It took Janet Jackson's teeth to wake up America. How do you like that? Yeah. That's what it took. So that's all we needed.
We've been waiting for it for a long, long time. The American. The whole deal has been like dormant for a long time. And all of a sudden it was like a reawakening.
How's that phone coming by the way? Anyway, here's some shocking news before we get to that article which I really will.
Drug could block SARS infection is from the BBC. So it might actually be true. Although Tony Blair doubts it. A body chemical that could wipe out the virus that causes SARS may have been found by researchers. All right.
In theory, drug based on the antibody could be available long before vaccine could be produced. Antibodies are created by the body's immune system to launch attacks on foreign invaders such as bacteria.
Experts from a Boston cancer Institute looked through a library of human antibodies before they found one which worked against the SARS virus.
Their findings reported the journal proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences are a further chapter in a remarkable worldwide scientific effort triggered by international concerns over SARS.
How do you like that? But, but me not that says that work to produce a vaccine is well under ways. This may not be available for some time in sciences of main keen to fight a first line treatment which could be given to unvaccinated patients exposed to the virus.
And they're showing they got like pictures here of the antibodies target the SARS virus and the antibodies look like green gummies.
Do you ever see gummies? Gummies bears? No, not gummy bears like worms. Yeah, gummy worms right gummy internet.
So that's a little bit of a seven. So in case we have SARS, I don't have to get all panicky again. I don't have to go into quarantine when I come back.
And that's George Corso for a man, a real rocket scientist. In fact, I say put his ass on the moon.
Jim and Atlanta's got a very good point. I think he's got his thumb right on the problem there that you got. Yeah.
Now what is this? This is not another.
I am bringing the latest. Southwood. I don't know. There's a some kind of a situation at Southwood school in Miami. Did you see that?
That was from WSVN. You better turn on WSVN right now. Channel seven. I got it. And put it up.
Of this students death only confirming that the student died in the bathroom. Now we can tell you that an ambulance was called out to the scene.
Perhaps they were trying some type of rescue that ambulance. So it was called off, which obviously means a very tragic ending to this situation.
So at this time, Tom just a recap. There are not say who was involved. How old the student is or how that student died only confirming that that student died in the voice bathroom.
Richard. Listen very concerned parents gathering there at this staging area, which school officials have set up. Have you gleaned any information into what they are telling these parents?
Right now they're trying to tell them first and foremost to remain calm. What they're doing as I said as we zoom you back into the scene.
They're telling them to head over to one six one street and eight. You know, you got to realize these parents are very emotional because their loved ones are inside the school at this time.
And again, the school is on complete lockdown. That means no one can go in or out. But as to not hampered this investigation, there's only so much police can tell them.
So what they're trying to do is keep them in this corraled area and at this time keep them calm. Richard, I know you just arrived.
But what about the safety of the young students inside that middle school? Have we heard anything about that? Are any of the other students in any kind of danger?
What we can tell you and having spoken to Miami-Dade police, they are saying that this school is secure again. We keep mentioning the lockdown.
And as you look around everywhere all over this campus, you are seeing officials from Miami-Dade police and also Dave County public schools. There are officers outside the school and also inside telling us that all is calm inside and out.
Okay, well, that's enough for right now. We'll keep in touch from that was WSVN.
Keep abreast of it. Now that's so bad, man. I can't believe you said that.
A student has been found dead in the campus of a Miami-Middle school and police are investigating. Police say Southwood Middle School at 163 or one Southwest,
80th Avenue in Palmetto Bay in South Dade County is in lockdown mode. The incident apparently happened in the boys' bathroom and they just heard they don't really know anything more at this point.
Wow. Yeah. At any rate. So Jim and Atlanta says just to thought on the technical problems George and WQM is experiencing maybe if corporate would spend a few dollars on some engineers and quality equipment as opposed to cheaping out there would be less problems. Well, Jim, you are absolutely correct.
He says it's apparent you don't have any issues in Canada because when it comes down to what you don't cut those corners, that is correct. They built me a beautiful little studio here in my apartment.
Everything is top grade first class. It was put together by people who know their stuff who of course weren't from QA. Except for Julio who's long gone. And it's a fabulous works every day just like clockwork.
In fact, even when we had the power outage, was it last week? Okay. I think it was a week ago today, wasn't it? Something like that. And I still have my battery pack here, my 30 minute backup so that you know you hear the ticking and we were able to do the whole thing. Didn't even lose, never skip the beat.
How do you like that? I like it a lot. But of course when you're in a QA studio, not only you've got to combat the viral infections from the events and the filth and the mong and the gigantic chupacometers that are running around because they're so cheap, they won't even hire an exterminator in there.
That's what we need to QA is a freaking exterminator if you catch my drift.
Don't play that thing. Why not? Because the audiologist went down.
You interrupted me because I was just about to say, yeah, don't go. Yeah, but wasn't it more fun doing it that way? Yeah, that was a pretty exciting. So is it just your audio hall to the whole building? Oh, we don't know. I see. So I was going to say before you interrupt me with that sweeper. Don't go into the break yet.
Now, but it was more fun that way. Yeah, sure. Because it kind of underlined the technical incompetence. People think that I embellish these things, making them opt and just being hard as or just doing it for fun. It's crap is what it is.
It's technical incompetence at its worth. And of course when you've got absentee management all the time, when a general manager needs a ride vacation or hiding from everybody or crawling in his spider hole, whatever is going on, it's really kind of difficult. And of course when the middle level management people are also hiding under their desks.
Josh is right there. Like I said, possibly they can play this box out of the control room. Yeah, possibly. And possibly like if the audio hall to nearest working, that might work out for us. It's work since these people since we're here to make some money and not to like illuminate the public, the illuminati or not.
Let me do the promo while he's checking that out. Join Kimba Bo camper broadcasting live. We hope today, although you never know on this station from 4 to 7 at David Buster's in Hollywood. Good luck, Kimba. You'll need it.
The Marlins caravan. I'll be stopping by with player signing autographs five to six this afternoon. The World Series trophy will be on display and Billy. The Marlin will be there as well. You can throw like tomatoes and exit him. 4 to 7 this afternoon at David Buster's in Hollywood with Kimba Bo camper in the Marlins and the Gatsomersprach. Yes.
Don't say the Billy the Marlin. What? That's all forget about that. Let's let's let me. Yeah, what? Play a song. We're not going to be taking a break anytime soon. So in other words, they haven't found if they're going to be able to play the spots in the air scrambling and they'll of course let us. So let's see. We have no phones working here on our internet connection. We have no internet period in the building. The audio vault, which is all of our commercials, which is what we're here for is to make money so that Greg can go around in the process.
We're going to pretend to be a sports big shot. That ain't working. Other than that, everything is just fine. Unbelievable. Yeah. Oh, we're fine. Right. Okay. Well, I guess we chance to read this thing now. Sure.
Not I don't want to hear a. No, I mean, are we going to we're not going to do the break is what you're saying? We'll do it eventually.
Like like next Friday, maybe maybe what? Unbelievable. No guarantees. Of course. This is just phenomenal.
You call this big market radio. Well said, honey. Well said. 514 votes and just over an hour on that pool. I bet you that'll like really.
Just stimulate your internal organs. We're ready to go in the other room there. So you can ready to go with what the break. Oh.
Yeah. Yeah. What? That was the region. Well, I hate to break the news to you. See what one thing that goes on here is I continue saying. I don't want to pick on Josh, but I'll say on the intercom. I can't hear anything. So when the spots were playing, I heard nothing.
If there was a rejoiner heard nothing because it's coming from the other room. So I believe the pot isn't open in there. So I have no idea what's going on. And of course I'm saying on the intercom. I'm here nothing. And I do this all the time. And it's like the sounds of silence.
This station stands for nothing.
Oh, it's cold and cold and numbers are in throwin. Our dean is going to try.
He has the lead and steadily his numbers now are going to lead. Who did he has a me is why. So quarters must be thinking what was the doctor drinking and he must have briefly bad eyesight.
Oh, I got the chicken. Our dean.
New York. Our dean.
Oh, my guns and orcd.
Our dean.
Our dean.
Oh, love a 35 now. Can we arrange that to the next break? I can actually hear the sponsors that like.
Yes, no, back in this room now, but yes, I've right isolated the problem and have rectified it. I thought maybe the worm got in the audio vault too.
Lotta run away. Worms. The Q.A.M. man. I think it's time to zip it up. 530 votes on our poll today. What's your take on boob gate? Just an en Janet at the Super Bowl.
Grow up America you boob stole 84 53 and a half percent. I was totally it was totally contrived. I loved it 83. I loved it. When can I see more 63? It was totally contrived. I hated it 43. Obviously, Monty Kunis.
It was shameful. The FCC should stick it to him. 41 7.7% of prudes. I haven't seen it eight and I think it really wasn't accident.
Eight. Any more on that. The horrendous story from the school South. The Southwood middle school. Monty. I see. A student was found dead at the campus of Southwood middle school.
163 or one Southwest 80th Avenue in Palmetto Bay in Dave County. And that's it. The police are there in Channel 7. I've prevented leaving, but we don't know anymore yet.
Here's a fact that says in Italy, they show boob's for the last 30 years on TV. We love it. Bevel a Tete. It says, what can we say that? No, no, no, no can say.
Here's another fact that says this is kind of interesting. It says if you happen to visit the website for West Palm Beach's WPBF last night, you might have gotten a lovely welcome message.
The public message, FUQ Asshole. Apparently someone at WPBF had focused the skycam on a road construction sign and where somebody had put that message.
The chemical skycam pictures were then followed by a mix of live screen caps, test patterns and dead air. The above image is from WPBF's radar loop of an hour's worth of pictures.
Isn't that great? Excellent. There you go. That's the message, FUQ Asshole. And West Palm. And of course, if you're dumb enough to go, there anyway, I guess that's the perfect message. All they're kidding. Not.
Wow. We're like, way off. Now we're just, it was one thing with a phone. See, when you have one major technical disaster, it's one thing.
Well, because everything starts coming unglued there, one begins to wonder just what kind of a operation this is. Sports. Yeah, all the way. It is the third, which means the week from today is payday. Hey, Claret, just go in there and check out a paycheck. Okay. Oh, which reminds me. I didn't even send you a talent sheet for January. Yeah, let's take care of the important things. Getting paid. You can fill it out now.
Yeah, I'll fill it out now while we're on a year. I'll do it during the next break while I'm sitting here wondering if we're actually on a year or not. There's nothing like sitting here in absolute silence. Yeah. And I know that the spots must be playing or you would have been like hyperventilating about something.
I hear nothing. And I'm screaming, hey, I can't hear anything. I hear absolutely nothing. And it's just, you know, all world of pressure down. Josh is very low key. Just kind of lays back. No problem. Not today. See, we've got like, you know, five million people in both rooms over here today.
So while they're sure getting a lot done, I'll tell you that. Sure getting it done. Who's at the fix it? Yeah. Well, fix this. In fact, let's get the great fix. I think that would be the best idea. I'm talking literally right there on the year. You know, rusty scissors. That would be good.
So let's I think because I'm going to have time to read this again. It's not that long. I'll read it anyway. We'll push the break back a little bit because it's been like an hour and a half.
Don't forget go to the arrangers.com and you can see Janet's a booby. You can see Justin just like ripping that thing off over and over and over and over again. You can sit there for like hours and hours and it'll keep you off the streets. Keep you off the toilet. See. Play it backwards. He puts it back. You can play it backward fast foe slow mo no mo. What do you like?
And the best part of it is every time he rips it off a different booby pops out. Yeah, I think it's a stunt booby myself. Here's the thing. It was for real. I think it was a stunt booby.
After flash your flash CBS again is in denial rights. Alas and wrist Stanley in the New York Times. But this is so good. I don't want to do it right now. I want to do the break on time.
This would be like a test commercial break. Carrie leads bush by seven points. If you see that. Yes. Nationwide pool according to CNN.com CNN. Whoever USA today gallop and it shorts.
If the election were right now, Carrie pounds bush by seven points and even Edwards beats him by point. Even old John Edwards South Carolina.
If Edwards and that's a good news. Because if Edwards gets beat by Carrie and South Carolina says he'll drop out and he'll support Carrie.
If you wins, he'll keep us sticking it out. You want the audio from Channel 6? They're talking about the school thing. Go ahead.
We can tell you obviously you know it's a separate elementary. You have a huge presence of police officer here on the thing.
And again, people are trying to get to the school. They are keeping kept from doing so. The police officers are trying to weigh their concerns as far as an official bit of information is gone on inside the school.
The police officers who we can contact that have been able to confirm anything here on the ground.
In other words, they don't know anything and cut that off. Plus really crappy audio on Channel 6. Stick with Channel 7. We'll go to Heaven and stick with Channel 7.
We'll run this story. We're going to do the break, which will give me a chance to fill out my talent sheet for January, which is the most important reason that I showed up today.
And then a chance to read that great story for the New York Times by Alessandra Stanley. And I bet you by the time we come back, the photo will be fixed too.
My life and look all this is for Trio by City. We win. We win.
This is Keith Jackson on Special Assignment at the MTV Video Music Awards where hip hop rules and team pop divas permeate the landscape in their belly shirts and polo lots of pants.
I spent the day with Marshall Mathers, otherwise known as Reese's Peasies.
Look, oh man, I told you a million times, M-N-M. No thanks, young Rapsola. I am diabetic, but appreciative of the offer.
So tell me, ice, what's it like to want to kill your mother? Right now, I'm just thinking about killing you.
Oh, you're a young, affable Andy Williams like character. The Anani Christmas songs hold up on an answer there, Skittles. It's Christina Mendi Aguilara Spears. I'd recogigize her anywhere.
Excuse me, Brandi. Mind if I lick your navel.
You! Get away from me, you sicko!
Oh, Nellie. You're one hot chili pepper. Be cool, Dalface.
Oops, you did it again. You're breaking my face all over the place.
Here comes a couple of large black men. I think they're Wang Chong Klan. Hey, Klan Man. What the...
Ooh, they're pointing something at me. Yeah, it looks like six heavy artillery machine guns. How'd they get those past security?
Darn!
This is Kid Jackson on Spanish assignment at the MTV Video Musical. Oops, they shot me again!
It's 14-0 noon at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, Alicent was Stanley writes in the New York Times today. After flash your flash, CBS is again in denial.
Wardrobe malfunction was the term Justin Tinkerbell used to explain why he buried Janet Jackson's breast at the end of their Super Bowl duet.
Like erectile dysfunction in term used in halftime advertisements for a Cialis, it was a somewhat starling euphemism.
If Monday morning quarterbacks are any guide, few people thought it was by accident that Mr. Timberlake's hand snaked across Ms. Jackson's torso, as he reached the lyric,
I'll have you naked by the end of this song, and tore off on Boosty A Cup, releasing a breast partly obscured by a sunburst-shaped nipple brooch.
The gesture seemed time to more than the music. The very next commercial was a close up of Ms. Jackson's cleavage and a glottie promotion for next week's Grammy Awards on CBS.
Ms. Jackson denies that the nudity was delivered saying that Mr. Tinkerbell was supposed to ripoy only the top layer and leave a bit of red lace behind.
And nobody really has any reason to believe CBS when the network consisted didn't know the bodice ripping was in the works, that is not just because MTV produced a halftime show for CBS, and both companies are owned by Viacom.
One doesn't have to subscribe to conglomerate conspiracy theories to be suspicious.
CBS has told so many howlers over the past 18 months that any claim to dig in the in-righteous indignation by this network is now opened to snickering.
CBS insisted there was no quid pro quo when it sent a Jessica Lynch, a letter suggesting that an exclusive interview with CBS News of the Rewarded with other liquidity contracts within the Viacom Empire.
CBS insisted that its decision to cancel the mini-series the Reagans had nothing to do with the right-wing lobbying campaign that threatened the boycott of advertisers' products.
And the network insisted that it didn't swing to deal with Michael Jackson to secure a 60 minutes interview with him after his arrest last November as the network was preparing a Michael Jackson entertainment special.
Implausible deniability and the fungible walls between news and entertainment and between art and commerce existed every major network, but like a high school student caught smoking pot by the principal, CBS can hardly wriggle free by arguing that everybody does it.
The beauty of the Janet Jackson to do is that it could be the one case in which CBS is telling the truth and like the little network that cried wolf nobody is listening.
The chairman of the FCC, Michael Powell was watching however, he called the incident a classless crash into plurable stunt and called for a thorough and swift FCC investigation.
The NFL also took Umbridge, hopefully announcing it was unlikely to be invited MTV to produce a halftime show anytime soon. Perhaps the legal turn to MTV's rival cable music station VH1, that should work VH1 is also owned by Viacom.
Even trust that she wasn't a shiny matrix dominate for itself, it Janet Jackson 37 has never had much luck being taken seriously as a sex symbol and it's unlikely that a super bowl surprise will be much help there.
But if her aim was to grab all the attention as Madonna did when she kissed Britney Spears at the MTV video music awards, then she did herself proud.
And if she wanted to distract attention from her older more famous and now more infamous brother Michael, then she achieved even that for a moment.
Her sudden flare of pre-gramming attention and publicity came at a slight cost. Perhaps the one moment of honesty in that coldly choreographed tabloas when the cup came off and tumble outtumbled what looked like a normal middle-aged woman's breast instead of an idealized playboy bunny implant.
The NFL was apparently put up by much of the MTV halftime show not just Ms. Jackson's uninvited breast and one can understand the league's confusion.
Does anyone who loves the CBS hit everybody loves Raymond and joy watching hip-hop singer Nilly repeatedly grab his crops as he did during the halftime show? Viacom like Goal is divided into at least three very different parts.
But if the NFL was really so shocked and appalled, why didn't it flinch at these Seattle subvertisement that promised men 36 hours of relief from impotence, then warned that if they should experience an arrest for four hours straight, they should seek immediate medical care.
On television sincerity can be measured only by sacrifice if the NFL really found the halftime show so objectionable, perhaps it should reconsider giving Super Bowl rights to the highest bidder and instead select the network that promises to adhere to the NFL's self-image of wholesome good fun.
CBS could decide to can't risk another such risk as sawdum what it deliciously still refers to as its broadcast standards and recuse itself from carrying the Grammy Awards.
A network's regret in the worse can be best judged by its willingness to lose ratings and CBS so far has shown none.
Very good.
Beauty by Alessandra Stanley in today's New York Times.
Except for that part about mistaking her breasts for a real one.
Well, no mistaking it.
No, that's not what it said.
It doesn't want it said it said outtumbled what looked like a normal middle-aged woman's breast instead of an idealized playboy bunny in plan.
In other words, I ain't no big thing.
Okay, ain't no great thing.
I know what she's trying to say.
All right.
In other words, even though she's, you know, thinks she fancies herself as a sex pot.
It wasn't the fact so much that it was such a great looking dress.
It was that it was her and she's famous and outed popped in like all these things.
So for a biscuit.
Right.
So nice, so column in the times.
Let's take a look at how that pole is coming out.
We're making any progress down here.
I know that's really is your internet connection back.
No.
And do we have any like see?
Because what I'm thinking is that maybe that worm got in there.
Yeah.
No, today is the day.
Today is the big day for the worm.
No, the same worm.
It's not a worm.
What is it?
Just the usual.
The network is down human worm.
I see.
I didn't know that he had an in him.
Fix it.
I know what yours how wasn't what's his name?
What's his name?
Your buddy.
596 votes on a poll.
What's your take on boob gate?
Grow up America.
You boob's three hundred and sixteen fifty three percent say it's time to grow up and stop acting like a bunch of little chillin.
Of course, those are the same people that are looking at the over and over again.
It was totally contrived.
I loved it.
I loved it.
Where can I see more?
66.
In fact, you can see lots more every day on our website.
We are pledging as of today since this is such a gigantic thing.
I even know Alessandra says it wasn't that gigantic.
Every day we're going to have like naked people on there.
Famous people.
Right on.
Now we're going to leave that one there until everybody's like exhausted from it until they've worn it out.
Then we'll freshen it out.
We'll milk it as much as we can.
It was totally contrived.
I hated it 54.
It was shameful.
The F.D.C. should stick it to him 47.7.8 percent.
You'll go Michael Powell stick it to him.
It was disgusting.
I haven't seen it 10.
I think it was really an accident eight out of about six hundred and I want a half.
Aren't you shocked?
I'm shocked.
I'm amazed.
And no.
Getting back to that pool because I think I've exhausted all of my booby stuff.
Oh no.
Well actually, this one's good.
I like this story.
Many of these are on our website today nearwages.com.
Now those of you who are spending hours and hours looking at that booby picture and at Justin Mrippin'
You might have somebody read you some of the good stories we have on there.
You know, you might not be too interested but you never know.
Something might catch your fancy.
Sensors at the F.D.C. checking wind direction.
The propriety police are making an example of Bubba Love Sponge.
The same culture warriors who allowed the communications conglomerates to run over the idea of the public trust.
Are now making political hay over in decency.
Rather than worry about health care education this election year, we're supposed to focus on steroids in sports,
A manned flight to Mars and naughty words on the radio.
In stressful times when weapons of mass destruction remain elusive, crusade against smut.
And so the F.C.C. last week slapped record-setting fines on a friendly radio TV stations,
And a congressional subcommittee opened hearings into broadcast and decency standards.
Clear channel was fined $75,000 for broadcasting various episodes of the Ronshi Bubba on four stations in Florida,
As well as for Lousy bookkeeping.
The F.C.C. also fined San Francisco's KRON TV $27,000 for accidentally exposing the genitals of a member of the cast of puppetry of the penis,
Visible for less than a second and profusely apologized for by the station.
The Bush administration backed the Indecency Brigade, pressing to increase punishments on broadcasters,
Enabling the F.C.C. to boost the maximum fine from $27,500 to $275,000 per incident.
Will a tenfold increase in the fine solve the problem of shock jocks?
Will a slap on the wrist of the purveyors of Bubba the Love Sponsor elevate the culture?
No, and it's as dangerous as ever to let the government regulate program content.
This latest round of the culture wars began when Summonfongress became upset that the F.C.C. decided not to find NBC,
For airing an expletive uttered by you two leads singer Bono during 2003's Golden Globeshow.
Under fire from constituents on the right, F.C.C. Chairman Michael Powell, Colin Sun, has asked the commission to overturn that decision.
Fine him, get him, stick it to him, BAAA!
Margie behind, instead of the free expression policy project,
a left-of-center thing think on artistic and intellectual freedom,
said that while the current indecency dust up as a great distraction, it doesn't accomplish anything.
This is an issue that does come up in election years that politicians think is effective for demogogy.
That is a mistake, according to Elliott Mintburg, legal director of the Liberal Advocates Group People for the American Way.
We need to look at the standard for indecency and how it relates to other media-like cable in a comprehensive way,
rather than do hit and run work in the Siri, he said.
That is considered the multifaceted media world as it is today, not as it was when George Carlen spoke the famous 730 words 8 million years ago.
The F.C.C.C. complains that Bubba seeks to pander to titillate and shock listeners.
Personally, I find fear factor equally obscene titillating and pandering to base human instinct in prime time on network TV.
It is 2004, South Park has been on the year for 8 years, the fuss over how it's stern is a faded memory,
the media universe has changed radically, pay cable, the internet and shock radio of altered landscape,
and the government is interpreting the problem awfully narrowly.
Having we learn that prohibition doesn't work, that there will always be a flood of mindless perverse junk floating through the pop culture,
along with the worldly, artistically valid, socially redeeming junk.
It doesn't matter the F.C.C.C. if the material in question is artistic merit,
Carlen's satirical monologue was censored under the vague patty offensive definition.
Similarly, in 2001, the F.C.C. by nonprofit KBOO in Oregon for playing feminist poet Sarah Jones' Your Revolution,
the songmaking fun of misogynist rap singers.
The agency reversed itself on a Jones case this year in response to a lawsuit.
The F.C.C. also reversed itself regarding a clean version of M&M's real slim shady.
The agency has trouble keeping up with its own shifting line on indecency.
This goes on a little bit more.
And the entire story is on our website.
But we gotta play in spots, don't we? That's important too.
11.50. Step and at 5.60. Q.A.M.
My My and Look-O. This is 4.20.5.60.
You ain't can't wait.
I am Fraud Yulean, a rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrrr rrr
Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh
Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right!
It's on your face.
Careful not to bite on you when
it's on your face.
Speak stop dreaming and
clean up your place.
Cause she wants a brand new
thing.
In your dreams.
It's a 12-1 boy.
I like the way it broke
the way it was always in.
Yes.
So we got the phones back.
In fact, listen to this.
I'm right.
I feel a little bit more secure
now.
It's like the lineman's with
a security blanket.
I think maybe Tuesday will be
chaos day.
Last Tuesday the power was
right here and was on this
end.
But of course that's not the
studio.
That was just the area.
Yeah.
We'll just plan for it.
Promote it.
Every Tuesday will have like
some chaos.
What you're doing, you don't
really have to do a lot of
planning.
Cause generally it happens
anyway.
Although it's usually Monday
Monday after all the
children are in there playing
with our studio.
And of course, Duff and
Duff and Clarence.
And even that one,
even that won't help.
Boy, you talk about a
couple of limp guys.
Rick says I just voted on
your poll.
I can't believe all the
upper over a breastboob,
tinny or whatever you want
to call it.
Everybody needs to grow up
and stop acting like a
child who's just swiped his
father's Playboy magazine
and seen a booby for the
first time.
If women can breastfeed in
public then what the hell
is the big deal?
No, they can't.
I'm not going to say
you haven't got to the end
of this yet.
Okay.
He's Canadian, a or at least
he wants to be.
He said, Alicia had a
nipple ring covering most of
it.
Even my Canadian professors
are laughing at this.
See, Tel Van Cooper
to make some room.
I'm coming to stays.
Is Rick?
Can't breastfeed in
the American public.
Or they're going to throw
your ass in the rest of
you.
Okay. Now don't interrupt
because I want to finish
this story.
Cause I realize that the rest
of this, when you, when
this, all the pieces are
starting to fit together now.
Okay.
You'll understand why Michael
Powell is so indignant now
and about the timing of this.
All ears.
This is the rest of the story
that I was starting to read
before we were so
rudely interrupted by
commercials by Joanne
Astral.
She says,
fuel more in a for-grow test
call in radio shows such as
Boba, the love sponges
told her to clean it up.
But his hindsight,
giving any government
agency on broiled power to
censor whatever it
seems, patently offensive
or indecent, depending on
the political climate is a
dangerous proposition.
The hearings, title, can you
say that on TV and
examination of the FCC's
enforcement with respect to
broadcast indecency, are a
convenient platform for
El Brent-Boselle III,
present of the right-wing
advocacy group parents
television council.
He expressed his
pleasure that until
last week the FCC had
never find a TV station for
indecency.
See how the pieces are
starting to fit together now?
Uh-huh.
What constitutes indecency
and how does it different
from obscenity?
You know it when you see it
or hear it on broadcast TV
and radio, which you see on
cable and the internet doesn't
count.
Under FCC rules and federal
law, radio stations and
over-the-air TV channels
cannot air obscene material
at any time, and cannot air
in decent material between
6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
The FCC defines as obscene
any material that describes
sexual conduct in a patently
offensive way and lacking
serious literary artistic
political or scientific
value.
Indecency isn't as bad as
obscenity, but it still makes
references to sex or
excretions.
Hines, a lawyer and author
was written extensively on
the issue notes the FCC's
unique among government
agencies in that it has the
power to censored talk shows,
political dialogue and
artistic and political
dialogue and television
television.
It finds them too
raunchy.
But the zealousness with which
it performs this job tends to
vary with a political winds,
the winds today are decidedly
censorial.
At the start of last weeks
hearing, Upton said the point
is protecting children, adding
it has nothing to do with
censorship, nor things
outside the scope of the
public airwaves.
That unsolicited denial tells
you everything you need to
know it can't help but be
about censorship.
It's also about politics.
There you go, Michael Powell
ceasing upon this
opportunity, the
public, the public, the
the public, the public, the
public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the
the public, the public, the public, the
public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the
public, the public, the public, the public, the
public, the public, the public, the public, the
public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public,
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public
the public, the public, the public, the public, the public  gets against you and you get on the highway and having some proof?
They're doing anything that moves, but they're pointing at you and saying self-righteously don't you dare do that because that's gonna bring down the morality of our country
Yeah, I'm just thinking about penis skate. I'm thinking about how outrageous and unacceptable that was
Right to think that the president actually went through the impeachment proceeding
Because of a couple of bloat because lying about a couple of blow jobs right about something that wasn't anybody else's damn business
This is a bunch of hoot amen
Because of a stain on a blue dress from some slut that took her presidential knee pads the Washington and then of course the media made her into like a
Celebrity into a fat tubby piece of crap celebrity. Oh, we have to feel so sorry for Monica
Right, I'm sure that he just propped her head up there. He probably had like two assistants there propping her head up in his crotch
right
Coursing her into that squat position. They must have been very strong assistants if they were propping her up
Especially a tub of crap like her
12 minutes past noon. I don't want to get excited and I'll bend out a shape now because it's not gonna change America
But I think actually that this incident. I think this is like stirred something. You know, I mean right?
I
Think it's brought the American pubic to the the retention. There's something that they were like
I just take it for granted wake up and sniff the pansies and the daffodils man
You got a bunch of Nazis who want to decide everything you can see and and what life should be all about
America wants to see hot looking naked people which leaves her out at least that's a start, okay?
Start out with mediocre plastic looking people and then we'll move on from there
Britney's next
Britney will be next on
On the Grammy's next Sunday wouldn't it be a one happy great?
I can just see it now
Man Christina's all pierced up is Whitney just Britney just has a tear away the whole outfit
Remember she had the tear away outfit that one year was it last year?
Well this time the whole thing just
Tops away and there she is just naked as a jabers get a four hundred share easy
Squirt-squirt top those T-bows T-bows will fry right out
1213 at 560 WQM if your old mattress is burned out got only knows what you've been doing on there
Especially these last couple of days here's the answer pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress
That's what I've been doing for years even George and Vokobrine and Miguel and Fatboy anybody that works at the station
It's got more than 50 cent they're calling down on my first to guarantee a great night sleep for years to come because they know
That there are no phony sales no bait and switch just every day unbeatable rock bottom prices
That you can't beat on the top mattresses in the world like Celia and sir to Simmons King Coral temperate externs and foster
You can rest easy and you're a great night sleep by calling 1 800 mattress night right now
Don't get sucked in by those presidents day sales that you're betting a department store as a put on you
Where they double the price and then they say hey, we're gonna give you 50% off
It's a rip off and only the elementary slots you choose that to our delivery window that meets your schedule any day
Seven days away from 8 in the a.m. Till 10 p.m
So if you want to be smart like we are called
Dalamatris if you want to get ripped off head your betting a department store right now
Just one easy call to do it for you 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR AS or online it's mattress.com for Dalamatris
They easy the only smart way to get you a great night sleep for years to come
The tricks of that
He looks like a guy
She's 17 wide
She makes me want to
A chick with a
With
A bloated and ugly fat
And everything her and ask with songs like this
We find that a music from that self-promoting
How much were you paying
How much were you paying for monochistates
For monochistates
By Richardson melons game
But look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
Look
I wish you always leave me alone
I'm just like everyone who's here
I'm going to be finished waiting about so far
Just go to you think you're a fool
You've got a conscious ugly smelly pig
You're really that drugged in a dress
Oh
Yeah
19 at 5 60 WDQM
A 14 year old student was found dead today on a campus of a middle school in Palmetto Bay
Which since has been locked down
They placed in the boy's death at Southwood middle school 16301
Southwest 80th Avenue appeared to be unnatural
But refused to release further details
They've taught these school spokesman John Schuster said the school 1700 plus students have been locked in their classes
Anything new on 6 or 7 or 4 or 5 and 7's got it on now but it is 3.05
Not saying anything new at least they weren't during the break
Sergeant Pete Andrew also said students were locked in their classrooms but not believed to be in any danger
Dozens of worried parents were gathering outside the school which opened in 1976
A police spokesman said two students found the victim in the boy's bathroom between 8.38.45 this morning
Notified school officials have called a police
Police did say the school was placed on lockdown to preserve the integrity of the death investigation
Initial reports were that the boy had been stabbed but police refused to comment or provide a cause of death
Southwood middle is an A school and was the first magnet school in Dave County specializes in the visual and performing arts
According to the school's website
Senator John Kerry the front runner among Democrats flying for their party's presidential nomination
Leads president Bush and ahead that match up according to the CNN USA to the Gallup poll
Now this poll by the way was taken in the days after the New Hampshire primary
So it's not like as of right this second
Okay, when the likely voters were asked for their choice from a Bush versus Kerry race 53% of those said they would vote for John Kerry
And 46% favored W
When that same group was asked to pick between John Edwards and Bush
The numbers were 49% for Bush and 48% for Edwards with a Bush park face off Bush was favored by 50% of those surveyed and Clark 47%
I think that's a mistake
You don't think CNN would make a mistake
Either this is a mistake or they made a mistake last night because last night they showed Edwards was added a Bush 49-48
Well, whatever
Howard Dean the one-time firm under the Democratic field had a poor showing against Bush losing 52-45% to W
That's Howard Dean
He's upset about
He's a little pissed off about it but he'll calm down
He's not going to win any of the primaries today by the way
Not even close
In fact, I don't think he'll come in even like a decent third in any of them. I just mentioned that in passing
In passing it is who search Michael Jackson's Neverland Riding Seeds
Seeds computers, legal documents, video tapes
And a note and a letter found on the singer's bedroom nightstand according to court documents released yesterday
The list of items taken during the November 18 search of Jackson's home in Northern Santa Barbara County did not describe them in detail
And there was no indication of what the mature written material said
The records note that a locksmith had opened the master bedroom and that the keys were ultimately found in a safe
The items found in the master bedroom and that's where included a laptop computer found inside a lock closet
A digital camera found by a sink and miscellaneous papers
Legal paper work was found in the area described as the master bedroom den
But it was unclear whether it was behind the lock door
Documents were also taken from an area described as the study-slash library
Many of that items were taken from the master bedroom including an envelope found in a briefcase
Several computers, papers and a calendar found in the closet
The items found in the room's nightstand include a letter and a note
Magazines were also seized but only won the financial publication the Rob Report was mentioned by name
But you find that a little bit peculiar that Michael Jackson would be having to read the Rob Report
Why isn't that where all the expensive chachkis are?
Yeah, and generally the kind of people read the Rob Report are people who are like wannabes
Yeah, well
The documents were released at attorneys representing several news organizations that have asked superior court judge Rodney Millville no relation to Herman
To on-seal the search warrant list of items seized in the affidavit filed by detective seeking the warrant
The judge ruled last month that most of the records would not be unsealed but agreed to release some of the documents after heavy editing
The list released yesterday was so extensively edited that reference to several items were cut out completely
When in doubt black it out
The records show that Judge Thomas Adams signed the search warrant at 5.30pm the evening before they included transcript of a telephone conversation between the judge and investigators at Neverland in which Adams agreed to amend the warrant
So a storage locker could be searched
Sheriff's Department sergeant Steve Robel told the judge investigators were looking for items including letters
Enforces cancelled checks
Computers and computer records
cancelled checks
Hmm remember the cancelled checks that somebody we all know was talking about 10 years ago
Yeah, but all the checks that supposedly are written to shut up the parents of that damn bag and I can't stand it
Right you go Latoya when's Latoya coming on there and whipping it out
She already did
Not on CBS
No, magazines
Now Janet Jackson already did two unrolling stone
Not she didn't show no nipple
No, she had her hands over her breath but she was nicknamed as a jabers
Some other guys hands
5.6.A. was Justin
They wouldn't they wouldn't turn him on he's waiting for Lance to come back
5.6.70560, pound 5.60 from the old Kakamoon on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello
Hey, Nea, how are you doing?
Okay sir
No, I still say that this pinhead powell
He's the one that his father told us say all of that
He's the one to show us the clear channel and everybody else to buy every every single one in the world
That is correct
And he just passed you on his father's belief in everything
He doesn't speak for himself you know
And I really said to him on there just talking nonsense about the brush and all of it
The FCC
Maybe John Ascroft told him to say it
Can you imagine if John Ascroft is covering up a brush on a statue
You can only imagine his reaction to what he must have seen on Sunday
Really?
You know, and it's just to say that he you know he sold us all out you know from variety of having anything new
A local station than anything else
Yeah
Another thing and I'm so glad not to hear anything about Jennifer Lupus and her benefacted you know so nice
And I'd even see them anymore
Yeah
Good point
Thanks
Thank you
Yeah I mean who the hell would want to hear about that whole business anymore you know
I mean are we like burned out on the J. L.O. and this?
Yeah you're right never thought I'd appreciate Justin
I picked up the phone in my hotel
Oh
I said it's over go to hell
So maybe we heard I haven't heard the very last okay it was just little tease
Well I mean we promised it's the last one we're going to play until the next one
26 past noon at 560 WQM don't forget go to the Arrangers dot com lots of flesh lots of a boobies lots of just in your
Rippin acting back pulling it back yanking it twisting it he even it whatever
And he still makes me sick
Anyway if you're fat if you're like one of those porkers out there there's so many of us man fighting as fat it's disgusting
Everybody in their brothers got another died, but they want to sell you
Balance for life doesn't have any books to sell and you don't have to have count any calories
Or figure out any formula or count carbohydrates they do all the cooking all the selecting all the shopping for you
And they prepare fantastic delicious meals that are going to keep you satisfied and happy all day long
That are scientifically designed according to the glycemic index to make sure you lose that weight
They deliver to your door a little black sack every morning in your black sack
There are three delicious meals two delicious snacks and a 16 ounce bottle of water in there to to get you started
Plenty of food fresh good stuff in there to keep you full all day long
So you won't be cheating and be eating in between meals you got five feedings every day for quite a lot
The lovely Katrina's lost about 20 pounds of balance for life and you can do the same and even more if you stick with the program
They make it so easy that just about anybody can do it except of course
It's because he's a pig
So call balance for life right now and start watching the weight drop on at scale day after day after day just stick with the program
They let you choose between two choices for each meal every day to show you on a program the only ones that do that
In fact, you fill out a menu once a week and that's all you have to figure call balance for life today and get started right away
And get yourself back into some real-size clothing and extend your lifespan call balance for life at 954
5683229 that's 954 5683229 or great more information on their website at balanceforlife.com
We're supporting you 560
QAM
The medications on work I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place
Nothing works here the medications on work I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here
Absolutely
I picked up the phone in my hotel
A voice said it's over go to hell
I was so damn relieved I just laughed out loud
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
Get away get away get away
It's 1233 you won't hear them no more where you get that'll be back
Now what is this thing you factfully about the pants on fire tour through Southwest Florida
That's hard to read but nevertheless Ben formally of Ben and Jerry is apparently taking a big statue for a paper mache or balloon or something
A bell president right and it's going to be in South Florida there
Local peace and social justice activists have joined together with pants on fire organizers to bring the traveling statue of George W. Bush
Shown with his pants on fire as in liar liar
The people involved locally are not members of any special organization
Don't represent any such organization where simply a group of concerned citizens
We will tow the statue on its trailer around Southwest Florida for the next few evenings
While making these allocations against George W. Bush is protected by our first amendment right to free speech
We present the following statements as evidence that Mr. Bush represented fancy on the idea killed over 500 American soldiers
Which he didn't tax me the rest of this but that's okay because there's four pages on a one I didn't think so
Okay so in any rate they're going to be all around South Florida over there on the west coast
Keep your patient where simply a group of concerned citizens
We will tow the statue on its trailer around Southwest Florida for the next few evenings
While making these allocations against George W. Bush is protected by our first amendment right to free speech
We present the following statements as evidence that they allocate that money to the after school programs that have been cut
To drug prevention programs and to full-time substance abuse counselors and schools
A study published last April by the Journal of School Health found that drug testing had no effect on reducing drug use among middle and high school students
The VPA notes that only five percent of schools have drug testing policies
Making it highly unlikely that testing could have played any substantial role in the decline of drug use among teens
Meanwhile even as the president credits drug testing for a decline in drug use
His drugs are I'm getting choked up about it his drugs are John Walters head of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy
Which is also taking credit calling the drop a byproduct of a hundred and fifty million dollar anti-drug media campaign
Few were teen and by the way the drug reformer said that that drop of a percentage is exaggerated to begin with
Few were teens are using drugs because of the deliberate and serious message they've received about the dangers of drugs from their parents leaders and prevention efforts like our media campaign
Walters said in a December on ONDCP press release
Unfortunately a study released January 19 by the National Institute of Non-Dragabuse directly contradicts Walters claim
According to a four-year NIDA Commission study conducted by the Annanvers School of Communication at the University of Pennsylvania
There is little evidence of direct favorable effects on youth
By media campaigns not that the NIDA studies likely to end the much criticized ad campaign instead it may signal the end of independent evaluation
According to the DRC net the ONDCP following all these initials has successfully lobby to end funding for outside analyses of the media campaign
Instead assigning their job to its campaign cohorts the partnership for a drug-free America
And then it talks about how CBS wouldn't allow the move on.org spots on the Super Bowl
But they did take the ads from the White House about drugs
According to recent polls 72% of Americans favor marijuana decriminalization
Let me read that sentence again
According to recent polls 72% of Americans favor marijuana decriminalization
Normal's Chris Crane noted in the press release so the ONDCP's one-sided ad must be considered an issue ad and subject to the networks policy
On January 23rd the DRC net reported that after reviewing the issue CBS had declared the ONDCP ads is not controversial
Which is why they ran in between the naked boobies around before and over and underneath on Sunday
Maybe CBS ran was hoping that you know it can't like throwing the bush people a bone
Here's a little bone so take away all our licenses just because we show some naked TV on it because we want to boost goose up the ratings
Maybe 20 to 1 is 560 QAM
I can no longer resist which way do you fight 60?
QAM
I'm working on Rogers our sports hall radio WQA
A-A
Dr. Howard Dean Governor Citi Schim searching for a way to tap into the American voters consciousness
Then in accidental overdose of embarrassment alters his body chemistry and now when our Dean Rosembre or have raged
A startling metamorphosis occurs with a creature raised within by rage and pursued by a nation of reporters
We're in the California and Texas and New York we're going to South Dakota and Michigan and they were going to watch it and he's seen it take like a white house
The creature is warned and for a tyrant in Iowa Howard Dean's political future is believed to be dead
And he must let the world think that it is dead until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him
It'll take a herculean effort by a busload of spin doctors to change the public perception of the governor
The only one in creature it is life who still believes in him is blind deaf mute dog lucky the creature must run to protect himself but where will we go?
We're going to California and Texas and New York we're going to South Dakota and Michigan and they were going to watch it and he's seen it
Dr. Howard Dean is incredible chill
It's 14 to 1 at 5 what's always I like that yeah, it's a little bit of a slop over 14 to 1 at 5 60 Q oh my god the mad dog at 2 you got your bow at David Buster is at 4 no Humper today
The big at 8 Panther game tonight the reason I'm thinking about the Panther game is because I just got an email from your best close personal friend Jeff Rimmer
You said forget about that lunch George. Oh, I thought I already forgotten about it
But he emailed me a good column by Bob Raceman who works the tuning in comp from the York TV news which I'll get to in a minute
And yeah, just so much crap going on here. It's unbelievable all hell is broken loose man. Yeah, all hell's broken loose
Now I did look at those hot couples under the first one man is really something special. Yeah, I don't know what to make of that
What to make of it? And the second one these are people who tried last year and didn't win the big prize but they're trying again, right?
So anyway, be sure in the email your pictures for a hot couples contest to contest at neo-roger's dot com
Couple with the most votes wins their choice of either a trip for two to heat nisman Jamaica or trip for two to world
Oasis casino in the Bahamas run replicas whichever trip is left over and third place prize dinner for two at the pizza lot
In fact, you can buy the rumors dinner there with your pizza lot too
Right, you can get your meal for free and then buy them there to back them surprise they have a set their picture in underneath these
OGs don't forget you got till February 13th to send in your pictures and then the week of fri
16 to be able to vote okay, are we all up today? We got it just too much heavy duty crap going on here
It's unbelievable anyway, New York Daily News
Bob Raceman says last month, Vano you would choose lead singer-ast NFL suits if he and Jennifer Lopez could perform a duet
During the Super Bowl half-time show
Vano and JLo wanted to sing a new song they recorded together an American prayer
Which highlights the fight against AIDS in Africa the NFL said no no to Bano we simply decided that we are going to deliver as we do annually
An extremely entertaining half-time show and NFL spokesman said at the time we don't believe it's appropriate to focus on a single issue
There they go again except drugs of course unless of course it's Janet Jackson the star covered breast
That particular anatomical structure was the focus of NFL's half-time show Sunday night
Like some sort of avenging angel commissioner Paul Tavia Boob now speaks of turning future Super Bowl half-time spectacles into suffragett meetings
Has the end come for bear body parts and body shaking don't count on it
While Tavia Boob along with all corporate entities involved in Sunday's half-time production have publicly expressed their cover your butt version of proper outrage
Behind the scenes I believe they're thumping their chests properly covered of course and jumping for joy
Throughout the history of the Super Bowl TV networks or other media outlets have tried aggressively counter-programming against the game especially the half-time show
The idea is to take viewers away from the Super Bowl so they return to the game telecast
There's been stuff like a special edition of Saturday Night Live or some pro wrestling extravaganza or some other kind of special
Sunday night it was a lingerie bowl on paper view a squadron of scantley clad models squared off in a football game that went for 1995
While the NFL did on Sunday was fight salaciousness with salaciousness
I head the head battle of bump and grind the PPV gang trotted out beautiful bodies the NFL cut it with foul mouth, crotch-grabbing rappers and Ms. Jackson who had already given the national audience a peak
Remember the flash-draft she pulled off while performing black catethan 1990 MTV video musical worth of arassets
No question the NFL won this battle of the buzz lingerie bowl promoters today. They must feel like a bunch of boobs as tagly a boob looks down the road
He doesn't have to worry about viewer defections from Super Bowl halftime even if the comich carries out his promise to sanitize the event
Awareness for it already has been heightened leading up to past Super Bowl's neither the public nor media carried much about halftime extravaganza
That all change when Ms. Jackson as Justin Timberlake said experienced a major wardrobe malfunction Sunday night
Yes from a business standpoint tagly a boob in company should be pleased almost as happy as Fox Network suits will reap the benefits of this controversy during the build up the next season Super Bowl which they will air
Tagly a boob probably was disappointed or went went down on stage in Houston Sunday night even the most cynical cannot deny this
That said tagly boob has only himself to blame he's the man in charge he's ultimately responsible for all elements of the Super Bowl
That's why he continues to engage in some sleazy corporate maneuvering tagly a boob in his PR machine are using MTV as the scapegoat blaming that company because it produced a halftime show
Who hired MTV is Viacom MTV's parent company is Viacom CBS's parent company?
See tagly boos not hammering either CBS or Viacom because those company service NFL bankers paying through the nose for TV rights to the AFC playoffs and Super Bowl
You don't mess with people who overpay for your product MTV an easy target for tagly a boob the way he sees it MTV is the company used to controversy if fits right in with MTV's image
So make MTV the bad guy in an attempt to extricate the NFL from a message created as tagly boob or his colleagues ever watched MTV when tagly a boob hired MTV producers to book Super Bowl 30 a.k.a.
We're going to present a triple bill of air supply yanny and John Tesch in the long run despite tagly boob's righteous indignation the NFL comes up a winner once again the leak has stumbled into a good thing and I think Janet Jackson did all of this without once whipping out her cell phone
Very good
What a nice complex rumor. Rumors in San Jose where the panthers I never even mentioned did I know what's talking about your free lunch?
I'm not going to get the big always on at eight eight to ten or seven whatever hell is on seven to ten then you got panther preview at 10 o'clock to panthers on a West Indie nation the NFL comes up a winner once again the leak has stumbled into a good thing and I think Janet Jackson did all of this what she got on the other
wing someone suggested maybe the moon was on the other one somebody wanted to know if the pasty was tasty I guarantee you just I think it'd be able to answer that one trust me when I tell you how many votes we got on a poll the thing is starting to pile up again here it's just unbelievable once you take on boob gate grow up America you boob's 419 51.5% out of 813 vote I think we had another shot of a thousand again today you know could be how how can
this thing have such momentum okay such a big moe absolutely what it's got legs a boob with legs man can you see that I'm picturing it right now the attack of the legged boobs anyway grow up America you boob's 419 it was totally contrived I loved it 123 I loved it when can I see more 103 it was totally contrived I hated it 86 it was shameful the FCC should stick it
to 54 I think was really an accident 15 idiots and I haven't seen it 13 that's for others who don't have a TV I guess it's for our guarantee it's going to be on every channel you see in fact let me let me just punch up a random any
channel right now.
Twin Club.
What do you say?
Nothing?
What the?
The couples.
Okay so single guy showing up the door doesn't seem to be a problem but what about the cost?
Well, the wing and eight sheep.
There you go boy how to talk about right up your alley man well that's the Playboy channel there are a bunch of perverts anyway we all know that.
Uh huh.
And like it a lot.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless Lime we had some technical problems before and you know something is probably just as well.
I think it was an active.
Yeah, good.
WQM hello.
Shop.
See what I mean right there I knew it instant proof WQM line 9.
Hello.
Hello can I speak to one to charge the phone line there?
What is it?
The one of who is the charge of phone lines in charge of phone lines the phone service.
Yeah, you're in charge of your ass man.
I can't believe he's calling line 9 now you know.
Well desperate.
WQM hello.
Hello.
You can hear.
Speaking.
Hey, yeah listen everybody's going on and on about this boot job but.
Yes they are.
How come they were playing a big thing out of this with all the security and flight being canceled out in Houston that this guy is able to march on the field like that.
Because he speaking the reason they're not talking about is because CBS covered it up with the CBS eye and old photos of all our crime.
And uh yeah they were so.
Yeah, I wouldn't have acknowledged there was something going on on the field.
That's right because they were terrified that anybody would see any new to the other plus plus I finally did see a clip that they took from field level and the guy was a big fat pork or anyway.
So we wanted to see that we didn't need to see it but they could have still talked about it.
I mean it's just it's just child play exactly.
Like I said, treat the American people like a bunch of overgrown children man and works like a charm.
All right.
See it the order.
See it.
I recall falls man.
See it the casino.
1256 at 560 QA and we got the mad dog the angry puppy coming up at two.
Line line and local.
We're sports radio 560.
You ain't.
You.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
You adore them.
You analyze them.
And now you can join them in their most personal moment.
Just when we made you think reality TV couldn't get any better than finally your ass box presents celebrity toilets.
Watch all your favorite celebrities go do do.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Dr. Phil.
Oprah.
Trista and Brian.
Oh.
Thank you.
Oh.
Barry's healthy.
And Couser.
Even the Christ like George Bush.
Now is the president.
Oh.
Thanks, Andy.
Yes.
All the celebrities.
Trista and Brian.
Oh.
Barry's healthy.
And Couser.
Oh.
Even the Christ like George Bush.
Which I don't have time for because I got to get to this move on dot org thing which is very urgent and important and great.
Okay.
Under the guys of promoting sound science the Bush administration is advancing a policy that could make it more difficult for federal agencies to protect health.
And the environment you assigned to say a White House office of management and budget OMB bulletin drafted in August 2003 would allow the government to hand pick scientists to second guess scientific research opponents say the text of the bulletin says its purpose would be to ensure that all research affecting federal regulations such as environmental or health advice use would be thoroughly peer reviewed by unbiased researchers.
But scientists feel the government is common during a team that is near and dear to their hearts.
It wouldn't be peer review as were used to said William Schlesinger president of the ecological society of America which represents 8,000 scientists in academia government and industry.
The OMB bulletin would require that peer reviewers be independent of the agency involved when it comes to significant regulatory information experts receiving funding from the agency involved who perform multiple peer reviews for that agency in recent years or just one review on the same topic.
It would be eliminated as potential reviewers that would eliminate the top experts in any given field scientists said and let us respond to the book.
In other words, you know environment author that that's a bunch of crap right anything that you know evolution not forget about that global warming liberal.
So this pacifies all of those cooks out there the big business cronies and the board again the God thumping cronies the God squad.
Anyway move on dot org anybody who's a member or would like to be or who's to the left of a toe of the hung and a sick and tired of all this fascia scrap.
Click on we got a link to it on our website move on dot org.
Yes dear move on member during the build up to war president Bush at the United States must not ignore the threat gathering against us facing clear evidence of peril.
We cannot wait for the final proof the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
We have every reason to assume the worst and we have an urgent duty to prevent the worst from coming on the eve of sending troops in the battle Bush asserted that intelligence scattered by this and other government sleeves no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised.
Now David Kay the CIA's chief weapons inspector has testified before Congress that these weapons do not exist in an attempt to evade responsibility for the misleading statements that pushed the nation into war.
Bush has announced plans to form an independent inquiry look into what went wrong.
An inquiry would serve the Bush administration well would develop the issue in a fog of uncertainty deflect blame and under the intelligence services and delay any political damage until 2005 after the upcoming election.
But the facts need no clarification despite repeated warnings from the CIA and the defense intelligence agency president Bush and his administration heighten the story of the threat that Iraq posed and now that reality is sitting in the president wants to pin to blame on someone else we can't let him.
Congress has the power to censure this president to formally reprimand him for betraying the nation's trust if ever there was a time for this it's now join our call on Congress to censure president Bush at move on dot org slash censure.
It's clear that we've been misled David Kay said last week on personally convinced that there were not large stockpiles of newly produced weapons of mass destruction and we don't find the people the documents or the physical plants that you'd expect to find if the production was going on.
Kay said these things shortly after resigning from his post is Bush's chief weapons inspector.
Bush in his 2003 state of the Union address said the British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa.
It ambassador Joe Wilson was sent to Niger in February 2002 to determine whether Iraq was trying to purchase uranium materials there.
Concluded that intelligence related to a rack nuclear weapons program was twisted to exaggerate the Iraqi threat.
That's the same Joseph Wilson whose wife was out it from the CIA of our back Bob Bob no back.
A CIA report in February 2003 said we do not have any direct evidence that Iraq has used the periods since 1998 to reconstitute its weapons of mass destruction programs.
It's also clear that the misleading was deliberate the respected Carnegie Endowment for International Peace recently found that the administration systematically misrepresented the threat from Iraq.
The basis for President Bush's uranium claim was known at the time to be forged and not credible.
Top White House officials knew that the CIA seriously disputed the claim that Saddam Hussein was seeking uranium in Africa long before the claim was included in Bush's January address to the nation according to the Washington Post.
Secretariat State Colin Powell became alarmed at the level of intelligence distortion when he read the first draft of his speech to the UN prepared for Powell by President Dictaneous Chief of Staff.
He was so upset that he lost his temper throwing several pages near and declaring I'm not reading this this Bushman.
Our democracy only works when we know the truth we now know President Bush and his administration deliberately misled Congress and the American people.
The essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential essential
You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby.
You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby. You can use this to make your hair look like a baby.
Hey. ID of 501.3%.
Alright now for the next story.
say it was totally contrived. I loved it. 111 say I loved it. When can I see more? 93 say it was
totally contrived. I hated it. It was shameful. The FTC should stick it to them 58, them meaning CBS
and everybody with Viacom and Justin and Janet and everybody else. I think it really was an accident.
15 and I haven't seen me yet. 13. Well, get on there. Hop on it. And the ones who said they hadn't
seen me yet, I guarantee you they're like they're on our website. They're hitting it over and
overwatching Justin. We've ripped that thing off it over and over and over again. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Remember what I used to scream about when
a media like during Alien, I think I brought it up for the first time. The media tells us what's
important and what we should write here about. And wasn't this disgusting and here it is again
and every time they do that, they kind of like put it in the inset off to the side of the screen.
Take it up at least a half of the screen so you make sure it's real big and they keep showing it
over and over again and slow. And here comes the hand and there goes the thing and out pops the
boolean. There you go. Disgusting. WQA, hello. Yes, sir. To me that we need to get back to family's
yeah okay Reverend Jones. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60. He didn't make it on line nine. Now he's
trying on some other line. What's my line? That's going to be his autobiography. What's my line?
Isn't that isn't it great? Over the years the number of people who've made their life,
who had no life and they made a life from this show. I think that's part of the public service that
goes unnoticed. Maybe he knows John Charles daily and Dorothy Killgallon and Bennett Sir and
Arlene Francis and Supee Sales. Oh I bet you're vocal brand squeezed himself here and all that.
What a memory this old fart has got huh? Of course he and I are the only ones know what I'm talking
about but that's okay. I remember that show vaguely. What's my line? See I'll tell you who else is
talking about it. Yeah he's wondering what he's going to be doing after next few couple of weeks.
It's 12 minutes after one at 5, 60 WQM. Don't forget we got Panther hockey tonight. Any interest?
No. Stevie Weiss is injured and this Jay Bulmuster and Nathan Horton and Tim Horton all
injured. Things that look like that are rough. Tremendous hockey town man. Make no mistake
about it. Hey guys last time you looked at it maybe the side of this thing is just too small.
It doesn't impress women. It definitely doesn't last as long as it used to. I just can't stretch it
out. It's too thin. We're talking of course about that paycheck. If you want to do something about
it call our friends at Fast Train toll free. Get a real career and guess what a real paycheck that
goes along with having some skills in a real job. Call 1-866 Fast Train to start that new high-pink
computer career. I guarantee you by the end of the year you'll be making more than Todd Reck.
In just four short months Fast Train can get a new high-pink computer career that a man for
computer professionals is growing like crazy. Like I said Todd Reck crazy. So pick up the phone
and call them today at 1-866 Fast Train with seven locations they'd bound to have a campus nearby.
You convenient to where you live. Fast Train offers you job placement, financial assistance for
people who qualify and they've got day night and weekend classes so there's no excuses, no mo
to stay in any crappy day and job working for peanuts. If you register now you can have that new
high-pink career like I told you over and over and over again until it's coming out of your ears
in four short months. So instead of just hearing about it do something about it either check it
out on the web first at fast train.com or make the call that could really change your life give you
a big fat one in a paycheck too. Call 1-866 Fast Train.
My and local this is 420560.
Members of Congress, distinguished guests and fellow citizens.
I oppose amnesty mentoring children feeding the hungry and help for the homeless.
And via will compassion reverence and integrity will be defeated.
And your this reform senior citizens have now been captured or killed to seize their assets.
By doing so we can cut the deficit in half and it is right.
Vice President Cheney voluntarily pledged to dismantle public schools.
We expect third graders to gamble their lives and futures on drugs.
That's not asking too much. But unfortunately 400,000 fewer young people are using illegal drugs
than in the year 2001. And above all, all of us, parents, schools and government must work together
to contract sexually transmitted diseases.
All right you know boy it's 1-16-5-16-wtq. I'm 891 votes for just a second it was just like yesterday
888. Yeah just like your Eric's autobiography 888. That was bad. That was a cheap shot.
You're doing a hell of a job Eric. Okay no matter what George says. Okay just like to pick on it
because he's jealous. Give him little people. Always jealous of them. A big fat people.
It was 891 right now. Now 109 votes to get to a thousand again. I think the threat will have to
lay out there today is if we don't get to a thousand by the end of the show at two o'clock
we'll never put any more nude body parts on our website again.
No more cities, no more slums, no more uh-huh. There's a threat. No more right.
Miguel human I haven't gotten the copies yet and so you have an either of
entrants that we've gotten today. Right. But he did poke his head in the door to tell me
he poked it and he poked his head in the door. I hope the door didn't show real fast.
He said you know the wedding pictures are so very sweet. Yeah.
And then he went on to something else. What does that mean?
The wedding pictures are so very sweet but not ironic. But no, yeah whatever whatever they are waiting.
Well, listen, if there's making any difference if they happen to be really beautiful
couple they might still win it. Not just whoever's got whoever's got got the most clothing loss.
In fact many of the people have entered our contest the last couple of years.
We were praying that they would put some back on. Right. A lot of it back on. Please.
But anyway. So in other words what he's trying to suggest is more flesh.
Just relax. We just got this thing started already. I mean just just calm down.
Or do you remember the last couple years that you've had me started? First of all they got to go take the pictures man.
It's so easy anymore. They got to take the pictures on their digital camera.
Maybe we got some old fashioned people out there doing their Fuji stuff like Don I'm a so recommend.
See that's why we love Kodak because I'm from Rochester. What?
Disposable digital cameras. Right. Absolutely man.
Absolutely. You can have one in your hand in a couple of seconds in the camera too.
Just squeeze that little thing that's shutter and score.
Before you know you'll have something really exciting for us.
Don't welcome. And the pictures too.
Now we got to 987. We need to get to a thousand before two o'clock or all of this fun that you're
having right now. That may come to a real rapid end. It's always fun to threaten the audience you know.
Especially with you as the weapon. But we're not doing that this time because I'm really whipped
up into a frenzy now like Duff would say they're back.
Hey Duff get a clue will you please. Of course Duff ain't interested in making a female
breast. But that's another story for tomorrow.
Hall of Burton and $16 million food pro. We just just touched on this so lightly the other day.
And you have no idea how I had a scoured to find this damn story.
Thanks Lynn your friend Lynn Samuel's head this on her website on the website.
Yeah. No seriously I kept typing in Hall of Burton and overcharges for meals anything out of
the sun couldn't find it. Found some of the old stuff from December. We wanted to find out the
latest Hall of Burton overcharges the way that big Chinese good buddies are raping the American
public including all of us. Hall of Burton company allegedly overcharged more than $16 million
for meals at the US military base in Kuwait during the first seven months of last year.
According to a published report yesterday setting Pentagon investigators auditing the
company's work. They're much a grave robbers they're much a thieves your president's a crook your
vice president's a crook the they're all Richard Pearl's another crook. And of course birds of a
feather are crooked together because of the charges which involved food service work done by
Hall of Burton unit Kellogg Brown and Root. The Pentagon has extended its audit of KBR food
services to include more than 50 other dining facilities in Kuwait in Iraq. According to an
email sent by did more than 12 US Army contracting officials and reviewed by the right wing wall
street journal. The company issued a statement yesterday saying it is not an issue of overcharging
it's about finding a good way to estimate the number of meals so soldiers can get fed. It's
difficult to determine how many people will be at the dinner table in the middle of a war zone
and the number must be based on estimates. We plan purchase and prepare meals based on estimates
they said at times soldiers are on leave or troops are shifted to other locations. Last month
the Houston based oil field services company admitted workers may have taken tick backs to make
subcontractor supplying US troops and about causing a potential six million dollar overcharge
to US taxpayers. It said a six point three million dollar check the US Army material command its
customer to cover potential overcharging. According to the Wall Street Journal the latest
to student-halves meal served at Camp RF John a large US military base south of Kuwait city.
In the email memo that went out Friday it said that in July alone a Saudi subcontractor hired by
KBR built for 42,000 42 meals a day on average but serviced only 14,000 53 meals a day. Now I guess
you know I have to have about 28,000 spares just in case somebody else shows up. Right. It's only
triple the number of actual meals they needed. Right what if you invite a guest? A day. That's right
or maybe the president might show up again without that turkey this time. Maybe that turkey will
show up alone. Are you hook up and get a date? No state permits, are you? In response to the
allegations KBR agreed privately Friday to repay the money until the company can prove that
the billing procedures were appropriate the paper said citing people familiar with the embarrassing
ripoff situation again again and again and again see if you like if you enjoy rapes you know
I mean there's some people like being raped absolutely right you like being raped and by all means
vote for Bush again you don't like it well good luck to us vote for a scary John Kerry.
I was speaking to scurry John Kerry I guess like maybe equal time I think this is kind of cute.
Oh that's not it that's that's the wrong one but it's close to it you know.
Senator John Kerry congratulations on your second win in as many weeks as a field to win
a new Hampshire. There's an unfairness and I think most people in America see it how do you expect
to to project your message now outside of New Hampshire outside of New England outside of Iowa?
I look forward to going hunting within AK-47. What do you prepare to challenge the Democratic
Party on? I look forward to cheating seniors out of a real Medicare benefit leaving millions of
children behind cloud up the issue and making a mockery of the words we have to also do a better
job of reaching out to the world run up deficits trample on civil rights and disrespect the constitution
Senator Kerry thanks so much for joining us we'll be speaking to you many times in the days
and weeks to come bring it on and they'll be in your south both that dog won't hunt and don't let
you are the door hitch in the end back coming away out whatever you say I told you John Kerry a
long time ago he said he's old and funny that he's an old man well he's a tall man he hunted 23
after one at five sixty WQAM nine what do we got nine or something we're gonna make a thousand
or else well that's the end of that picture is credit plate well nine fourteen are starting to
really pour in now they're they're crappin' their pants they want to look we're just getting
started with that stuff yeah check out the website real quick and make sure that this campaign
posters appropriate it's an old slogan visualized here yeah one moment please act to switch over
I'm swishing
oh nice going Tommy all right all right I guess well he's got that hair that kind of short hair
look to now himself so I guess it's spreading around shorn hair right read my lips no more bush
look at that the democrats do slogan that's a beautiful thing she's gonna take that off of there
unless you get to a thousand votes oh see you know what's gonna happen now we're gonna start the
same crap that happened yesterday we won't be able to get on our website but it just
comes down a little bit that is great when you accomplish something when you know more bush
that's a beautiful thing I wonder if Janet would be a proud of that of course it's a little bit
like complex it to be Janet but nevertheless her name could be Janet we know what do you think maybe
you all across the old exterior there's a really lovely sex pod heading underneath that
on that trench coat yeah pot of honey oh my night team we need 81 votes one I think once you take
a peek at that you'll say oh yeah please don't take this away from us please please see this is
why as you we all know but I mean nobody of course talks about just like the Billy Tozen thing I
had thanks again Lynn for that's the way too which I searched for couldn't find I saw it on TV
and I could have scoured and confined it people ought to be screaming about that being raped and ripped
off by the pharmaceutical company so that this son of a bitch can have a one to two and a half million
dollar a year job preventing people from saving money on those dangerous drugs from Canada hey
oh who the hell are you kidding man and what are they talking about they're talking about boobies I
think her boob is a weapon of mass distraction make no mistake about it you'll see now that we got
that other thing on there now you're gonna see a real problem getting on that website see I'm just
just like now we're we're self-destructing are you refreshing yours that's right yours is back right
right now I got on all right how many you got oh I'm not on that page I'm talking about on that page
no but it does make eight of his words pages it still shows you how many votes no no I'm there
obviously crawling and crawling and crawling along nine nineteen I mentioned next time it like a whole
a whole bunch of votes nine word on it oh I got nine to twenty six see they're coming in so fast we
can't even take three of us just to keep track the count out more than three look at that my thing
you just they can't even can't even make it through on the bottom it's trying to scroll its way
through there trying to fight through all of the traffic man 26 after one at five sixty WDQ I'm
speaking of traffic if your car if it's looked like everybody in the county has been racing through
there with barefoot and all kinds of mud and slush if they don't look too good don't go out and
waste a lot of money on brand new carpeting custom arm and three legs do the smart thing like I've
been doing for over 20 years calling dry concepts the reason that all the others have come and go
on they fall by the wayside and that time and dry concepts are still around is pretty simple they're
the best you can't beat them anywhere know how that the only people that dry clean your carpets
an exclusive patented method and that sucks out even the deep down dirt and the fibers your
carpet they can't see with the naked eye can I say naked no with the human eye when they get done
your carpets look vibrant they look just like brand new they smell like any fresh they're drying
a couple of hours and would be like somebody performed a miracle right there on your floor so if
you want a fabulous job at a guaranteed written price up front don't even think about calling
anybody else call the folks they've been doing it right in town for well over 20 years dry concepts
and when you do call be sure and ask how they can put you on your standby list which you can save
you 15% I'm your next carpet cleaning job call them today tool free you'll thank me you'll say oh
thank god we call them call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 log onto the prestigious website
at dryconcepts.com
my my and local this is 42560
and my new album sucks so I've got one velvety here you got that coffee huh see as I said in
news I love coffee enemies see they happen they back at that's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee
and a place is called starbucks see starbucks starbucks we've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with
piping hot folders crystals one you got those gloves on see oh I got coffee
what 31 at 560 we got 958 42 to go in a half an hour it's a tall assignment man who are
blowing it up again are we really yeah well how many you got no same amount but we're we're
crashing the server that don't happen to me once my thing is sliding right through there man just
like a wicked worm speaking of speaking of worms democratic chief says a wall bush will be an
issue after nominee emerges which yeah yeah yeah really have to kind of wonder how come I took
them four years to get around to this setup I mean we all write about this before the 2000 likes
and of course that was the fixed one anyway so you got to make sure this time you wouldn't buy
enough that they can't fix it even with those phony die-bold machines with the democratic presidential
candidates campaigning across the country on Sunday the chairman of the democratic national
committee accused president bush of being a wall during his international guard service a
signal of the ferocious campaign ahead once the democrats finish with one another beating the crap
out of each other I don't want to say who's beaten the crap out of his friends but they'll be
occlude revisiting an issue that arose briefly at the end of the last presidential election they
chairman Terry McCollough said he expects mr bush's record of military service or lack thereof
in the 1970s to become an issue this fall especially if the democrats nominated the frontrunner
senator john carry of massachusetts mr. McCollough said he was staying neutral despite for his party's
nomination buddy said if mr. carry is the nominee mr. McCollough will relish comparing him with
mr. bush I look forward to that debate when john carry a war hero with a chisful of medals is
standing next to George Bush or man who was a wall in the national guard mr. McCollough said on the
abc program this week with George the step on top of us how do you like that i like it
taking off the gloves and thank god for that how many you got nine fifty or what nine sixty
ish nine sixty ish well since i reloaded it now i'm reloading again nine sixty nine
well woman this isn't even this isn't even since we put that last thing up there i mean the
Janet and Justin thing they probably you know they've seen that 45,000 times actually we don't
have that much response on our website it's just the same ten people that's all right over over
and over again maybe they maybe they bought some of that ciala stuff on the stupid bowl oh
speaking of people doing stuff 17 year old teenager his sentence for gay sex upheld in Kansas
i think if we had to pick the two most the antithal states in america Georgia and Kansas
always seem to be the one yorent those are the one the ever even worse than Louisiana
Alabama Mississippi Florida even Oklahoma advocates for gay rights were outraged after the
Kansas court of appeals rule that the state can punish homosexual acts between minors much
more severely than heterosexual ones advocates for gay and lesbian and buy in this and that civil
rights preacher what is that gay lesbian bisexual and transgender glb to advocates for gay civil
rights reacted with anger after the Kansas court of appeals rule friday that the state can punish
homosexual acts between minors much more severely than heterosexual and that's just more
severely but much more severely in fact i think i left one much out much much much more severely
the two to one ruling affects Matthew our lineman who was sentenced in 2001 and more than 17
years in prison oh that uh i can't read this because i'm gonna cry come on he was sentenced in
2001 to more than 17 years in prison for having consensual oral sex after he had just turned 18
with a boy nearly a month away from his 50th birthday in a home for the developmentally disabled
according to state law sexual activity with anyone under 16 is illegal but if lineman had been
having a heterosexual encounter he would have only faced a sentence of 15 months under the
state's Romeo and Juliet law which limits penalties for underage sex between heterosexual
teenagers right because that's romantic and right also other than oral sex from another male
god's good girl gross this is the second time the Kansas court of appeals has heard his case in
friday 2002 the Kansas appellate court rejected his equal protection claim but the US Supreme Court
remanded liman's case last year after its historic Lawrence versus Texas ruling when a rule
laws cannot treat the sexual conduct of gays and lesbians differently than that of heteros
Mitchell Katen a Texas based attorney who participated in the Lawrence versus Texas case was
disappointed with friday's ruling these Supreme Court wanted to give the Kansas court an opportunity
to correct the case in the light of the Lawrence he told the uh climate out uh whatever network
how many Supreme Court cases are they're gonna have to be before courts get the message that gay
and lesbians people ought to be treated equally Kansas judge Henry a Henry W. Green justified his
ruling by saying legislator's could claim homosexual acts and tale health risks we can also
wrote that heterosexual offenses are less objectionable because they could lead to being babies being
born and same sexual relationships do not generally do unwanted pregnancies I see so in other
words thank god we just got the good news you cannot get any kind of sexually transmitted disease
from a heterosexual relationship all right go for it it's insane it's insane reacted chris
and a spokeswoman for the american civil liberties union the state is basically encouraging teen
pregnancy she said that's right all you straight kids out there bang your brains out because
maybe i'll have a nice baby hey now like on passions look what it did for k don't listen honey
human rights campaign president sheryl jok sets you hope the as you would succeed all
peoples are between the eyes of law equally if this decision upholms penalties that are
decided target game lesbian people similarly to show this a prolettes uh Kansas where reverend
fretfulpses from what tends to funnels of people who die from AIDS Kansas and Georgia sick
sick sick sad it's american man and they're still arguing about the Confederate flag in south
Carolina you notice how a tom broko tried to inject the end of the debate uh yeah few days ago
tom you're an asshole man just bug off no wronging let's see here's one that says tom Brady is
making a round he'll be in Toronto next week to get the key to the city tom Brady will be in Toronto
next week all right i better go into training all right man i got my lip gloss it says a question
if cbs gets fined by the fcc for Janet mr. titt miss tinkerbell why doesn't the wqm get fined what's
worse looking at Janet's teda or looking at the Carlos but you get out of the elevator that's an
excellent point when the elevator works freaky Carlos says miss you with public at least i get some
ice cream now since you're not there you know what i tried and it's really uh not that bad
tasting but it just will make your part your brains out excuse me mr. pal i'm so sorry
part your brains out is a soy ice cream do you ever have that soya no you ever see it i don't
think so it doesn't have like it's not like a regular milk price maybe with soy in the looking it
doesn't have anywhere near as much as um uh carbohydrates so it doesn't make the blood sugar
and it also doesn't give you like the wild diarrhea but it just breaks this unbelievable bubble of gas
in your ass pardon your brains oh oh oh yeah huh ask ask no your past gas oh that's crashed now let's see
if we got to a thousand yet huh oh nine eighty seven this is like falling off a slippery rock no
sweat falling off a log in the middle of lake okey toby 21 till two you know i remember when i first
came to florida and and sarasodai believe was 1973 and i was reading this story i didn't do the news
but i was uh doing a morning show and i was reading this story about something and said like okey
choby is how i pronounced it uh-huh okey dokey and somebody said to me you idiot it's okey choby you
jackass and i said okey dokey like you just uh you're running a eftar and out of repair will say
okey dokey when you bring your car there to be repaired because these people know their stuff inside
and out they know how to take care of your car so don't just trust your car which cost you such a
fortunate is so important to to some shrunken yellow pages take it to eft there is 50 83 north
federal highway just a mile and a half north of sampler road in pompato beach where they had over
300 people for the free spaghetti there last night at prestigious pompato park nice go and dick
at eftar and out of repair experience the difference that experience makes all the eft mechanics are
a sc certified technicians current with latest technology which to make a long story short really
means they know their crap most of them have been with the eft team for nearly 20 years a couple
have been there for longer than that but third man eft team has got combined over 200 years
experience and no job is too big or too small for our friends at eft because whether it's a blown
fuse a blow engine anything in between they can do it from a 73 Toyota 2 and 0 for Bentley
eftar and out of repair be doing it all and all jobs are meticulously thoroughly carefully and uh
somewhat double checked for accuracy by the shop form and every car is cleaned upon completion
of the work so it's just like brand spank and new eft found his most extended warranties they
offered you a wide-weight service on the most repairs too eftar and out of repair you can't
beat him anywhere anyhow there at 50 83 nor federal highway and pompato beach ask about their
90 day same as cash no interest credit card to when you call 954 426 9926 that's 954 426 9926
eftar and out of repair nationally known as one of the most successful out of repair facilities in
the entire us of a at eftar motto is nobody cares more and nobody know where will work harder to
earn your business
for the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Goll
No a word from Howard Dean's wife
Hi tell her I'm Dr. Julius Steibern
why for presidential candidates how it didn't you can call me Judy now judge Judy that's
a different risqu people want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with howie
hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa I scared a crap out of myself I make frown for this
and I look like a shame of punum stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much you they share
anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it no I say that's a bunch of misogas for
those of you who don't the capista yet is that means crap how is a good guy though he's what
you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him I remember one time one of our
kids left a cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was going to blow a gasket the veins popped
out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth even my sugar
I spent 23 years with the shaggits most of the time he's a manch but on occasion I hate him I think
my husband howie would make for a very good president one of the things I'm a little p old about
is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I want to watch section the city I got a schlep down
to campaign headquarters what's the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set I have
never seen any program in color so I know Jackie Kennedy hell if you look at me I'm no
Ted Kennedy I don't wear makeup I'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see
much more of me during the campaign the only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was
able to chew through my restraints anyway gazagazant that's yet to show the Steinberg over and out
paid for by the committee to elect John Kerry president one forty five we got those big five
primaries and two caucuses there's coffee coffee cream and coffee and a minister of this man with
president Bush he said boy what a moron I haven't spoken to mr. dentash yet but everyone seems
ready to resume and I hope to be able to invite them to a meeting short for a cup of coffee
oh listen to this oh high representative Bob Nays has an expert on the Middle East to
appears regularly on the Fox News channel yeah has ties to an Iranian terrorist organization
all right it's on our website our wisa jafar Zada said Friday his groups opposition to a
RAN's fundamentalist Muslim government does make it a terrorist group the state department
added the national council of resistance of Iran to its terrorist list in 2002 because it had
ties to Mujahidin a calque terrorist organization that seeks to overthrow Iran's government
jafar Zada was the Washington based council's congressional representative to the state department
closed its office in august 2002 absolutely not that's ridiculous jafar Zada said when asked
about if his organization was a terrorist group yada yada yada now he's simply not telling the truth
nay republican republican of ohio said the telephone interview late Thursday Fox News officials
refuse to comment their mum jafar Zada said the he would continue to appear on the 24 hour
cable news network come hell or high water wija hadin a calque Mek is a Marxist Islamic organization
created by children of college educated Iranian merchants in the 60s the state department said
the group presented the infiltration of western culture during uh myhamad raise our Shah Palavi's
reign remember him no neither remember the Shah though sure oh that was the Shah that was him that
was the Shah of Iran I said I didn't realize he had all the mother names like a spick oh yeah
Mek supported the 79 take over the west embassy in terran in the fundamentalist revolution that
over through the Shah the Shah of Iran who is our guy with his subvoque when he used to
purchase guys and pull their fingernails out to get the truth that might they might tend to make
his say something you know it might just start pulling your fingernails out five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty might get a couple of calls in here before we have to depart it's been a
wild show today I don't know why but it's just it's just me or what no the technical difficulties
were happening that that's what makes it so better is everything is all screwed up the audience
likes it better we actually kind of a perverse uh masochistic way we enjoy tomorrow and just
pull some random wires before it's show speaking of masochism in fact when you we're coming in
in the morning wait to hear me you know what you're gonna hear what oh that this sounds a silence
or if I really want to be a nice guy and I just don't show up you'll just have to find out maybe
just leave the audio on from from Playboy channel what's that to it I'm always so nervous about
putting that on because we don't want to get Michael Powell all upset we don't want to get his big
fat rectum in an upper rectum now idiot smuck I wonder if he ever has wild diarrhea you know
stop and think about that doesn't you think the chairman of the FCC somebody is upstanding his
colon Powell son the uprights chairman of the federal communications division ever has a wild
body diarrhea because they're so obsessed with excretory activity and uh all of these things okay
man I bet you his fart smell 10 times worse than mine and that's saying a lot that is saying a lot
hey don't forget join Kim Boeck camp right now there is a guy Kim is about what seven foot nine
something like that man when he cuts one whole neighborhood retreats they hit for the hills
join Kim Boeck alive today four to seven of David and Buster's in Hollywood the Marlins
caravan will be stopping by we know that you're all big Marlins fans players will be sending autographs
five to six to seven they might even give you some refunds and then Marlin paraphernator from
last year on Marvin Gardens the world series trophy will be on display and Billy the Marlin
will be there as well too remember him no he ain't no uh Dolphan Denny I'll tell you that that's
the safton and four to seven of David Buster's in Hollywood right after the prestigious mad dog man
to show one forty nine eleven before two what this thing is really a for a while there I thought it
was like a marathon and not just whipped on by and we got well over a thousand I should have
mentioned that 2018 not even close yesterday it was tense we went right out of the idea there
it to a clock I think now that they know that we got the flush on the site you're going to see that
number growing daily yeah we're going to see something growing daily you got maybe right the hour
maybe several times a day but not just that but I mean yeah when we put that second thing on
air about the democrats new slogan yeah but put that on poster I think that really gave
a whole new altitude on the whole thing they were Russian they were like stealing computers they
were knocking guys in the office off their PCs and say hey get away from that that's mine now let me
hop on it hey hop on this anthrax diabetics a truly delicious meal replacement drink that's made
for people living with diabetes but anybody looking to cut down their sugar and take and drink it
and enjoy it it's a Mahaya as Judy Adin would say anthrax diabetics sweetened with splendor which
is made from sugar so there's no nasty aftertaste like you get with those drinks that use
aspartame and saccharine recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice
proper nutrition just because they're in a big freaking hurry that's freaking hurry Michael Powell
freaking freaking enter rx diabetics is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all
the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants it's
low insaturated plant and low in cholesterol too enter rx diabetics gluten free and lactose free
and eight ounce can provide 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition tried once and I guarantee you
never go back to those sour taste and drinks that you were using before you can pick it up all
over time because more and more people are taking it and drinking it and using it pick it up at
publics wall greens records Navarro Sardanos CVS and other local pharmacies and the makers are so
sure you're gonna love antirex diabetics they're giving away a free two pack that's right free full
size samples in chocolate and vanilla to anybody who caused their toll free number one eight six six
three six eight thirty seven thirty nine tell me ill sent you by for the delicious one
mentioned my name to get an additional special gift to call them today for those free samples
your free two pack one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or faster yet order
online at enter rx diabetics dot com and click on free samples
and
you
six
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
tonight on e entertain the television so Michael you invited children the neverland ranch over the
weekend right meaning meaning many children thousands of children and what are the kids do
i want to say my because i'm hurting i'm really hurting that's how bad it was
why are they busted up the place i'm happy to be alive once i went in the restroom
they locked me in there for like 45 minutes there was due to the feces you've thrown all over the walls
the floor the ceiling in a stunt so bad i heard they broke off what's lefty her nose
it's there swirling it's hurting me very badly i'm in pain all the time tonight on ease
oh Michael is still in love with children i want to say sorry what are you going to do if some
kid shows up at your front door one day you'll see one Michael you can tell me throw up
156 at five sixty wdq and we got the mad dog sit and buy the bowl and the bus that should be the
interits pretty short because most people were listening to the beginning of the show from this
morning's national post a stodgy right-wing newspaper here in Toronto a an editorial no less
it says some football fans expected the Carolina Panthers to win Sunday Super Bowl others
correctly predicted victory for the new England Patriots very few in either category would have
predicted they'd see Janet Jackson's bare breast appear on their tv screens but thanks to a
weird stunt in which Justin Tinkerbell ripped away piece of his fellow pop singers outfit during
the big games traditionally garrison and dance half-time extravaganza they did according to
Michael Powell the US federal communications commission chairman children parents and citizens
deserve better than this classless crass and deplorable stunt take a deep breath mr. Powell whether
the incident was simple wardrobe malfunction as mr. tinkerbell claimed an effort by ms. Jackson
to promote her upcoming album or a bid to prove that she was not in fact her brother Michael it's
hard to imagine that a fleeting image of a plastic surgeon's handy work will be what corrupts
america real football fans in fact had no doubt forgotten ms. Jackson seemingly inadvertent
stripteased by the time the game ended courtesy of what was arguably the most exciting fourth quarter
in super bowl history for weeks commentators predictably snorfest between two largely anonymous
squads looking for a storyline they even suggested that super bowl 38 was signaled dawn of a new
boring footballer in which defense large league parody and conservative coaching stuffed out
exciting playmaking we can forget all of that now as the super bowl reminded us on sunday
the NFL still serves up some of the finest drama and entertainment in sports mr. Powell asserted
an investigation of the CBS broadcast but this overwrought proof decide we suspect the majority
of america's hand wringers have already moved on hundreds of millions of fans went home or stayed
home happy on sundy night most of them remember the game's great plays vividly long after jenna
Jackson's breast becomes the answer unusually obscure question in some future edition of trivial
pursuit how do you like that i like a lot i love it even a staggy right wing rag like the national
post day and we get way over a thousand votes on here like i said if we don't get 25,000 votes in the
next 30 second what's your take on boom gate just an enjana that the super bowl they're still
talking about it they're still looking at it they're still whipping that thing back and forth
up and down all around the place a thousand and forty seven votes five hundred and thirty nine said
grow up america you boob you lunatics you repressed pathetic tragic people who are popping at cialis
at fagra and other stuff what's the other one? Niagara. Vagra and Niagara falls
unless your poppeted falls 51.5 percent said grow up already right wing it was totally contrived
i loved it 164 i loved it when can i see more 137 but on our website it was totally contrived i
hated 112 yeah politics and perversion man it took us all these years we finally got the formula
politics and perversion it's the pp show wait till we have tom braides penis on there tomorrow
doing it will perpetrate it with the puppetry of tom braides penis it was shameful the fcc should stick
it to them 64 or 6.1 percent let him have it Michael with both barrels baby i think it really
wasn't actually 18 silly people said that nobody's that stupid are they well i forgot about the
i forgot about our crowd that's right those are the same people that show up at those appearances
and i haven't seen it 13 haven't seen it but how can you possibly not see it the only people
couldn't see it are like blind miche or people with no tv said people whose tv's have been
report something like that well that's going to do it thanks to our fantastic engineering staff
for making sure that everything was screwed up till noon because i think that's really what made
it to the made the day today in it oh yeah i made it hell for you it was a picnic for me in fact
even the ants showed up on time anyway the mad dog is standing by he's coming along next you've
got no hopper today because bow is out there at the david busters and don't forget the panther game
pathos at san hose abenite 10 30 any interest at all bye bye bye
the video was a show and classic is a new QA and mainly for one day i've got two sets of lips just lick them
