Very jackass for dog capture baby
Maybe very can't look for the rubber feet for sounds like a match made in heaven and main
I'm dying out of here
When I'm watching bats we fall on TV
One man is annoying me
Yeah, the words of nonsense, ticky-vee
Oh my god
And when someone in those baseline
He starts screaming things on the name of the league
Screaming like a badger, ticky-vee
Oh, ticky-vee, ticky-vee
Yeah, ticky-vee
He should shut his fire, oh, ticky-vee
Yeah
When he's talking
The player promised to say it is like with me
Where is this guy come from, ticky-vee
Everything is awesome
And everyone's speechy-pee
We should keep in structure to ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
Giving me a head-ass
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To ticky-vee
To cheer me in the way
To ticky-vee
We got plenty of the FCC for the word Dickies
We know already all about how many millions of dollars by now
Just after playing at the wing
They'll say Dickie though
As long as we say Dickie-vee
Right?
Maybe you're wearing luckier Dickies
Could be
10 or 2560 WDQA
I'm happy Monday to you
George on vacation this week
So I'm not going to wait till about 10 or 5 a rip of my ass
I mean George is a great job
And I'm not here
He's doing fantastic job
Which I'm looking forward to a great summer start next week
George will be on three days a week
Maybe four or five
Would be good this summer
Why not?
Right
But, oh that's right
Fat Zach is there
Who sounded like you got a little Aaron Jettis or something in there
No, I'm okay
Are you okay?
Yeah
Sound like you're under the weather
No
Robert Greeper by the way is a real
F***hole
Well we already knew that
What an idiot
Belieking about that movie
That may be one of the great movies in the history of mankind
Firing height 9-11 I saw it yesterday
Front of a packed crowd
There were only a few seats open in the front couple of rows where nobody wants to sit
Because you get the next brain from steering straight up to the sky
That's where I had to sit when I saw it
Really?
In the front?
No seats?
You actually went in the saw?
It stopped right
Holy cow, you have to be kidding me
And I'm sure Zach didn't go see it
I have a 230 showing today
You're showing it?
Well, no, I'm going to see it so
Well, I hope that's what I say
Okay, well, we'll get back to that
We'll talk about length about Firing height 9-11
In fact, even our pool today is about Firing height 9-11
Robert Greeper's upset though
Waaaah!
Waaaah!
Because it's propaganda, waaaah!
Yeah
You're such a little self-hating fag Jew man
You're so pathetic, Robert
You're tragic
God
That's the only reason you're still there
It's because everybody feels sorry for you
Gotta have somebody tie a shoelace in for a minute more
How about getting some loafers with me, good Robert?
That would solve that problem
1880 votes on the pool on Friday
If you had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida
Would you live?
Hawaii?
Look at that!
Hawaii just blew it away
I can't believe that
411 of you said you'd rather...
Hawaii would be your home base
If you had all the cash in the world
Mountain's in North Carolina 175
Not for me
Jews don't go to North Carolina
Maybe like in Charlotte, but not in the mountains
Las Vegas 146
Amsterdam 137
And if you go to Las Vegas by the way
Don't play the slots on you guys
Because people will be talking behind your back
Amsterdam 137
San Francisco 121
Lake Tahoe 118
Monte Carlo 103
Roma 86
Vancouver 84
The Bahamas 83
Capri Italy 81
San Diego 63
Switzerland
Switzerland 61
I just love saying Switzerland
I don't know why
It sounds a little like Switzerland
Cuba 53
Salzburg, Connecticut 40
Stockholm, Sweden 35
We apologize
This must be a Josh's a bad on here
The name of the city is
Bodden Bodden
There's a hyphen in there it's like twice
Oh, I must have screwed that one up
You must have screwed it up
He's got Bodden Germany
But it's still got 23 votes
From what I know
Yeah, we know what you mean
Eliterate
Prague 19, Bangkok 16
And Dora 13
And Manitulac is got a dozen
They don't like that
They like today's better
Iraq hand over
If sovereignty completed they just passed into ball
Here we go, you take it
No, you take it
Come on somebody take it
I'll just drop down the floor
Take the keys please
So they pulled a little
Beaton switch there
Two days ahead of time
It's supposed to be on Wednesday June
Not 30 men
But instead they had a ceremony two days early
Figuring they're going to kick the insurgents off guard
Don't you think that's going to do it?
That should solve all the problems right?
Oh, we're fine
On Wednesday everybody's going to be quiet and calm
We got the new leadership in there
Security will be tight
Everything will be great
Don't you think?
Sure
No
I don't think so
But we'll hope for the best
That's all I can say
On our beaded curtain today
Milo Jovovich is on here
Now it's a fine picture
The only problem is that those of you who are desperate to see boobies
Will be very disappointed
Because if you want to see Milo Jovovich's boobies
You can go see Return to the Blue Lagoon
Go pick it up
1991
You saw all her boobies
In fact you saw all her everything in that movie
Remember that movie?
Oh yeah
Vividly
Vividly
Return to the Blue Lagoon
And of course remember the original Blue Lagoon with Chris Hattens and Brooke Shields
But anyway Milo Jovovich
The picture is fine
There's only like one nipple there
Because you don't want to overdo it
You don't want to ask for a mic at upset
Especially it's not bad enough they have to contend with that van Michael Moore
Nothing can contend with naked boobies on our website
If you're over the age of 75 just click on that thing
And take a quick peek
Milo Jovovich was born December 17th, 1975
In Kiev and the Soviet Union which is now Ukraine
Which makes her 28
Right?
Oh yeah
And a half
Altra Violet
She's filming that one right now also
Resident Evil Apocalypse
Filming that one right now
You stupid man
2002 the house on Turk Street
I never heard any of these movies
Dummy, Zoolander, heard that
That was funny
The claim
Million Dollar Hotel
Messenger the story of Joan of Arc
I thought that old what's your name was in the original Joan of Arc
What was your name in Good Bergman right?
Sure
The fifth element
What the hell do you know about Ingrid Bergman?
I have no idea who that is
You don't even know who the hell that is
You don't even know that she got a pregnant act up out of wedlock
Do you know?
No
She looked like a dike to me
He got game
1990's, the fifth element
Days in Confused
Chaplin 1992
Cuffs
And of course her third movie was
Return to the Bull of Gooner
Second one, Night Train to Catman
Doing the first movie was Two Moon Junction
Which who the hell ever heard that
Dummy
Huh?
Not me
My favorite movie though before Two Moon Junction was
Paco Roe
Junction was pretty good
So there she is for everybody to see
With wonderful showing that's about it
Of course the really desperate news over the weekend
Camper say Marine and Pakistani held in Iraq
How many hours do you think it's infected in the movie?
There's a very quick scene
It's showing at a distance
Oh and I also would like to point this out
That in Canada
You know how do you have to be to go see that movie in US
Unless you have to be 17
And since you 17
Right
Uh, 14
14?
If you're over 14 you can go see that movie or yeah
Well just like the drinking age here in Ontario's 19
It's 21 in the US
Cigarettes 19 here, 21 in the US
All of these things
There were a lot of young people in it
That's a good news
That's actually just sad
Cigarettes are 18 here
A bigger part
Cigarettes here, you have to be 18
Really?
Well like I said so that's an even better idea
Who the hell wants kids as a given lung cancer
So what would you rather do?
Would you rather be able to buy cigarettes or go see a movie
That you want to go see
Go see a movie
Right
Although maybe smoking cigarettes and lobby wouldn't be too bad
I ate milk does yesterday
I want to apologize to my stomach for doing that
How good were they though?
Oh
In fact it's amazing that I have any of my filling still in there
The only thing that pulls out your filling's worst in milk does is jujubis
I'm only going to have any jujubis
They were all going in there I guess
Huh?
Those are good too
Did they still sell those?
I think in some, you know, like the little theaters
The smaller theaters
Yeah
Or like in the Bokum or there's a lot of Jews
Probably
They sell the jujubis
But milk does are great
They still taste the same as they did a long time ago
And they still like get all over your teeth and everything
But then the good part of it is that getting all over
In between your teeth and everything
It like kind of melts as you're sitting there for like the whole movie
And you still keep looking to back your teeth and still all there, you know
You could save a little for the end of the movie
Exactly, like on your bicuspids
So if anybody didn't get milk does and a crowd was very...
You could hear a pin drop
95% capacity like I said
The only people, the only people that were open were the first couple
Which nobody wants to sit there Josh
And then a month told me this morning when he came in
And he was going to go see yesterday
See I ever understand that either how come there's five theaters in Palm Beach County
He showed it in early two in the Broward County
What the hell is that?
Yeah, what's a sawgrass?
Oh wait, wait a minute
There's more than two
You lied down for your full of crap
Because I know it's at the gateway, it's at the sawgrass
And it's also sunrise and the same other sunrise
So that's at least three
Yeah, there's three actually
Sunrise, sawgrass
But how soft come there's five in Palm Beach?
Got me
That must be true
Because the people who voted for Buchanan last time
They want to make sure they won't miss it
All the olds used the voted for Buchanan last time around
I love the way in the start, I don't want to ruin it for anybody
But in the beginning of the movie where they start out with a bogus election
And the thing that is most all brother
You dark folks out there, if you black people don't go and vote at least 15-20 times a piece
Maybe even not third of me
There's something wrong with you
After you got screwed last time around in 2000
And they showed all those black congressmen standing up
There's Al Gore who of course had no choice
He was vice president so we used Speaker of the House to pro-tem
And he standing up there to certify the final election result is ordered by these Supremes
By the right wing Supremes including clearance, token, Thomas and Scalia and Wink, Wink, Wink, Wink, all of those
And all of these black congressmen have invited themselves to come and speak before the joint session to Congress
And they have resolutions not to certify the election result
And the losses they have to have at least one member of the Senate also signed on
And there was Maxine Waters and there was this one and that one
And every one of them when they asked when Corrasti had a signature of any member of the Senate in the answer was no
No, not one, not one, not a single one
Not John Kerry, not Ted Kennedy, not Joe Biden, not Russ Fine Gold, not John McCain, not anybody
Now one member of the U.S. Senate, there's the same as Spinalist, 100 senators by the way
They voted 99-1 last week in favor of the Senate and decency bills so that we say can't say crap on here anymore
Here are my black hairpertals!
Fiel Rogers, God
OutHz frequency
Day for Tuesday morning we have a yellow light
And must be they have something to hide
That house is but if you lay headdives
Which we meet and we kind of support youth
And you move like a yellow light
And I hide the corporate beauty of life
And that's why we have a yellow light
God's explain and the meaning of what needs light to
What needs light to win
She's at his desk with a set of clothes and the noodles go through
There's a time they wanted to do
And they have a yellow light
So that they can't abide
We have a yellow light
A big size headdives
That's how this fact is incredible
It says independence day in a free rack
All those bodies that you're seeing in body parts
And all those people who aren't going to come back
And the hostages, they're going to have their head strapped off
Or as soon as they're not done already
It was worth it, you know
It says we did it
We did it, this must be from David Sampson, you know
It might have been done on me
We did it
Yeah
To all our president's critics as our vice president would say go
You're self
Must be from Robert D.O. or it's more likely a joke but don't forget
We did it
Right
Yes, from Creeper
You're a loser, Robert, okay
Everybody in the building hates you like poison
And wish you get some horrible disease
Oh, you already got it
Dave, the cops is what an incredible movie
Dave, the cops is giving a break I'm off today
You've been off every day of your life, okay?
If you ask me
He saw it in highly and it's young Latins
Older blue hairs and a lot of African Americans
They all cheer decided
At the end of the movie here in Toronto and it will all say it all
The only time there wasn't total silence
And you could hear a pin drop during the movie
Was those moments of laughter, you know
When there's some
Because the movie isn't like intense for like the whole two hours
There's some yucks in there
Yeah, absolutely
Like the a bonanza skip there
That's choice
In fact, that reminded me a lot of the stuff that we've had on our
Website in fact many of the things that I heard like about the
The deal with the Taliban and the Turkmenistan through Afghanistan
Now oil pipeline
How many months ago did I talk about that
I've got like kind of indicator watch in that movie
All of the things I keep saying
But then again I'm on some bogus sports station in Miami
With about 50 people listening so what they'll my accomplishing
Dave the cops says Michael Morgan's all of this done for eight million dollars
Kenny star in right wing spent 50 was actually 70 million in tax dollars
About the blue stain and all that other crap
You're right
But now here's our pull question and it's really interesting so far
The same as Robert Creeper who's in there whining the abushelker that he is
That's propaganda
If it makes that did he see it?
No and that's the thing
If you don't go see it then shut up because you don't know what the hell it's all about
If you haven't seen it you hate it and you think it's all lies or propaganda
Your title your opinion even though of course we know you're full of crap
But that's fine
But opening up a big mouth just because you're afraid
That the truth might actually permeate that space where your brain used to be
That's your problem Robert everybody else like you
Oh you should have heard him this morning
That movie's all full of lies it's all one big lie
I don't know why he's out
No of course not
No
You're a moron Robert that's why you're sitting there as a board off at WKN
The guy is 45 years old he's been there for 30 freaking years now
Turn him in
So he's ever going to be he's been a professional student for a hundred years
He's got 16 degrees and he's still sitting there looking Moses a hairpiece
He's got a lost voice up
You end?
Sometimes soon
Yeah
This guy this is the longest departure man in the history of mankind
I'm leaving
I'm leaving okay don't let the door hit you in the accent away out Robert
I'm leaving
Yeah I'll come down there special for that
I'll I'll I'll I'll have a special ceremony
We're gonna have a big party for him
The accent though I would be a good party for us
Yeah exactly
What's your take on Michael Moore's fair night night 11
That's their pull question they obviously okay
And here are the choices we got 89 votes already
But give it a choices saw it was sensational saw it was good saw it suck
Haven't seen yet but we'll see it or we'll absolutely not watch it
Now some people will think well why would you put a choice on your like why would we'll absolutely not watch it because
You look at that already exturred
Out of the first 89 votes
Haven't seen yet but we'll see it 56 and everybody tells me that the theaters have been packed in South Florida
Packed
Jammin
And maybe if we had more than three and Howard then might have helped a little bit
Saw it and let's see is this change again. We'll see a 66 17 the upper will
Out of 105 saw it was sensational 24 will absolutely not watch it 10
I don't have percent of you idiots out there will absolutely not watch it
Well, you know what you're entitled not to go spend your money, but then dummy up
You have no right to say anything about it if you don't want to go see it
It's like giving us a bunch of crap. Oh you're always talking about the godfather that movie suck. You see it? No
Probably some professional gritos would say that I would say they all like the godfather right?
Yeah, I think you not see the godfather
And there are people who wouldn't go see it like Joe Dodg-Eola. I can't understand that
I saw it was good three and saw it sucked two okay, so the people who saw it so far we've got 20 s7 29 29 of those
24 set of a sensational three set of was good and two set it sucked
91% nationwide they've been doing some exit polling nobody asked me but then again
This isn't the right nation
91% of the people that saw it said it was excellent
That's pretty heavy duty can you imagine too many other movies where people would come out and on you in addition to which in spite of miss
Fudge who was herniating about what's that stupid white chick's trailer trash movie white six?
Well, let me say this to you
Fahrenheit 9 11 and we're showing on 868 screens across the US white chicks are showing on 2726
Three times the number and fair and high 11 still out there. How do you like that at the box office?
Go was number one which will get to that eventually
How do you like that? I can't wait to see
white chicks my ass
Miss Fudge and by the way, I'm sure Miss Fudge ain't go to see white chicks or black ticks or yellow chicks or any other chicks
He might go to see chicks would
They might go see that and I'm sure Laura Ingraham and Ann Coulter are starring in that one chicks would
Anyway, so we'll see how this pool comes down and also one other thing now that George is on vacation this week
I don't want to because it be time he goes on vacation. He deserves to be ripped a little bit
sure
And I just want to say the comment that he made and of course Josh was right there with him
But Josh don't want to say too much because he likes working on that website
Right
He likes the cash but at any rate
I mean I just as I was talking about the thrill of gold or casino
okay
And the fact that if you make a lot of money
betting like
Nichols and dimes in the chance to win very small jackpot. It's not exciting
There's no motivation here if you're making like Nichols and dimes like you guys are
Then if you're gonna win like a couple of grand or five or ten grand or even 50 grand
Then it makes the significance changing your life. That was my point. Oh, yeah
Well, I made the mistake because I know and made that Josh was out in Vegas
And I said well like when you were playing the slots and it was like this long pause
I mean you could have read the whole encyclopedia from our art bark to zebra
It's a for that gap
And I would think a moment what's that so funny about that? I said well you did play some slots out there Josh didn't you and he said
Nah
No
Not not one. He's a liar
Not one you didn't play one slot machine you didn't put a quarter in a dollar of a nickel like exactly played slots
I'm not a big slot guy
Have you played slots? Yes, I have
Oh, Faggot
See that was George's comment only all ladies and fags play the slots
So I was at the new casino with Niagara Falls and the old one also on Saturday
And uh, I looked around after hearing that announcement from George because I mean God forbid that I want to rule my image
And I looked around I would say that 70% of the people are playing maybe I'll be generous 60% more than half for the people playing the slots were men
Oh, yeah old men young men in between men. It's a sucker. Can I admit that look?
Where was your my friend was there playing blackjack? He won I'm playing the slots and I lost not a lot. I made a nice comeback
But the idea I mean George has got that Cuban homophobic thing which he's in total denial
He'll never admit it, but he's just uh, you know as much as he tries to be very oh, you know
What's it to it is making difference it does believe me it does
Everything is a fact thing like certain movies like he wouldn't go see
What would how was the movie with the math Damon?
That he will absolutely not go to see I know you're talking about I can't they get a name in Jude law
I can't let it come to me. I've seen it about a hundred times
But it's a great movie have you seen it that boring supremacy movie? No, no, that's born identity. He's got that new one coming out
Yeah
Now he might actually go see that even though he's sure my statement is a fact
But you know as if that has anything to do with it. What's it to you see that's George's Cuban homophobic. I can't control
himself
So I played the slots and I enjoy it because it's fun. It's some action
You can go play the progressive slots and you can win like a 20 or 20 million dollars something like that
You're not gonna win it, but you're not gonna win the lottery either
They wasn't at the talent of mr. Ripley. That's very good. Did you see that? I did
bag it
She George won't go see it because he says there's too much spagger in it
And of course, I mean that's part of the story with that but there's so much more to the movie than that
But he won't go see it because of that because he's afraid some of his Cuban worlders will find out he's stuck on that will Smith
Old game movie or something. He was I wouldn't it? That's what will Smith is gay too
No, he may I know what you're talking about. I know just relax. Okay. I've been around a block one or two times
I'm not quite as dim as some of your people think close some getting to the end, you know, but I'm hanging on that my thumbs
Come on, you might you
Oh, the good news is we had a visitor this morning before the show the audience would be pleased to know
Hi
With his pacemaker
He says the beat goes on oh brother
He is something. Yeah, we're talking around this morning
Was he now? He got his walker? Is he now that he's got his pacemaker in his heart actually beating is he like walking on his owner?
Ah, no, no, really the actually because that has nothing to do with his heart
It's the fact that his hip joint is given up because he weighs 600 pounds so nice to have your back back for I briefly and we'll bring your flowers
I
All the heartburn
Don't come to the end every time I see
Don't come to the end every time I see
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
I say what I want to say
But now he's here
He's come to the core news
We're president of the fucking community
Well, that's not f***ing good
Oh, what I do too
No, no, no, no, small
And get to we devoted all our life
And you want this
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
Then they shrunk in which gate
Don't come to the end every time I see
That red card that damn wins
Yeah, don't care what I do
You got a meal
My heartburn grows
The Christmas roll
But on what you will know, we've got a great leader.
I'm signing up here.
President, stop.
Bad news for the birth dog.
Where is it?
Bad news for the fascist is this morning.
US Supreme Court is just ruled that any combatants can challenge the charges against them
in court, including the detainees at Gitmo.
Big surprise.
Sorry.
Depending on the detainees' citizenship.
There you go.
And we'll have the whole story as soon as somebody decides to give it on the Internet.
Ever notice how slow a woman, you probably don't notice, because you're not doing a show
watching this stuff and reading boring stuff on a year like I am.
But stuff really takes a lot to get on the Internet.
Yeah, it takes some time.
Why is that?
Ah, that I don't know.
Even on the Fudge Report, he's still busy with that.
Oh, I rackets, they are keys to the Kingdom and hand over a rack.
And he's still got all that carry bags in crap on here.
I don't see any story about this very, very amazing, shocking Supreme Court ruling.
That's a big blow to the bush mics to thank God.
Arab TV broadcasts the video tape of two men taking hostage by militants.
One described his US Marine word from his base.
The other a Pakistani driver for an American contractor.
Insurgents threatened to behead them both.
Also, middle of the, oh, you notice how Paul Bremer, how fast he got out of a rack this morning?
Two hours after they handed over the keys to the Kingdom, he's gone.
Bye-bye.
See ya, I don't blame him.
I don't blame him for a second.
He came damn close here to get an off, Paul Bremer.
They came within a hears bread.
But of course, the things are so hunky-dory over there now.
Oh, we're fine.
He's a rush, Paul.
Right?
I oughta hang around, get paly with the new leadership.
Give him a little briefing on what to expect.
In fact, that's probably why he's leaving so fast.
It's kind of indication of what he expects.
Now, in the middle of the movie, now let's see, you didn't see it, Zach, with Joshua.
And as a matter of fact, Joshua is going to give us his own personal rating now on a scale of four stars.
Getting a five.
It gets five out of four stars.
I give it on a scale of four stars, 65.
There's only, and I'll be very honest with him, I'm going to give his objective as I can.
It's one of the finest movies I've ever seen in my life.
It's powerful, everybody must see it.
At the end of the movie, I actually had like a tear came to my eye.
I'm not one of those people, one of those bags.
Hey!
I cries easy in movies.
But it does choke you up at the end.
It makes you very angry and just, you get foaming at them out.
About two thirds of the way through, there is one, I think for about five or ten minutes,
we're kind of like drags.
And I can't really remember what it was all about, to be honest with you,
because it was the only part of the movie that I thought was a little bit boring.
I mean, nothing's perfect.
But it was a part, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I think it dragged a little bit too long as far as like, when they go into the lady and her son.
I know, I'm not talking about that.
How could you say that?
You're all the faster you have.
What a heartless band.
I don't mean that, but no, they, they dragged a little bit to my son.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm sure they probably did.
Oh, when I show it, what I was getting to though is that, no, in fact, I disagree with you about the movie not being too long.
Maybe a couple of segments were, yeah.
But the movie to me would, if I had my brothers who would have been the first of like a ten-part installment between now and the election,
because there's so much more.
In other words, he really had like, you've, look in a shirt, like the Patriot Act,
and like somebody other things in there, in two hours, you can only cover so much.
And for those people, they all went on too long.
Bolognites didn't go on too long.
It's only the future to hold damn world at this stake here, you idiots.
You sports nerds.
All you silly people.
I'm going to tell you, if I have to listen all week long, I'm going to come rolling here just before 9 every morning, okay?
I'm not going to come in early like when George and I can tabulate and bitty each other before the show,
because he's not here this week anyway.
And I just, I love Joe and I'm glad that he's back, but I can't listen to the sports stuff.
This is a radio station, keep in mind that on September the 11th, 2001,
sat there paralyzed for from 8.45 in the morning until 9.45,
as Gildi was saying, what are we going to say about it?
We've got to keep talking about sports.
What are we going to say about it instead of just opening up the pot like I didn't put it on the network coverage of what was going on,
as the world of the trade center towers were crumbling to the ground,
and as the Pentagon got hit,
and as the president sat there would have stupified look on his face,
and that's a school in Sarasota, reading my pet goat to those little kids.
Oh, that was great.
Is that, and they show the clock, 901, 902,
and he's sitting there with that same stupid look on his face, 903, 904,
and the minutes are ticking by, and he still sits there like frozen and suspended animation.
I'm going to tell you my own honest feelings about what this is all about,
and keep in mind that George Herbert Walker Bush was meeting with the a Carlisle group
that had been lawdened that morning, with top of been lawdened, the morning of 9.11.
This, to me, sounds like a business deal gone bad,
and how about the Taliban showing up at Cropper, Texas in May of 2001?
The Taliban, those evil doers,
the ones that we had a bomb into oblivion,
and by the way, we didn't do a very good job,
because we only sent 11,000 troops to Afghanistan as it pointed out in the movie.
Well, they're business partners in Geno.
That's correct, and a great pipeline.
You got that oil flowing.
Just like I said, and I'm a moron.
I'm no genius.
I'm a degenerate jackass who likes to play slot machines,
and screw round blood.
That's all I, that's me. I'm no genius.
But I've said, who had told you for the last three years,
it's all, all I, L, and M-O-A-D-Y.
That's what this whole thing is all about.
You think?
Yeah, don't tell Robert Greeper that.
I can't believe it.
Because Robert Greeper will tell you,
he'll be spitting lots of water at you.
That's right.
You'll probably pee all over your shoes.
Don't let Josh Beckett get in the way.
You'll be a solid at answer, but oh no,
it's a free-to-ear-reckie people
that make the Middle East more democratically.
You should live so long, Robert, okay?
In fact, wouldn't it be nice to see his head on a plate?
Anyway, speaking of that, and in the middle of the movie,
that'll take a long time to get to this point.
But that's okay, we've got four hours.
See how this works, Zach?
Yeah, take your time.
Kill a lot of time.
There is one scene, and it's not really that violent
because you see it from a distance,
but you see a beheading a chop-chop square
in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
That's the nickname for that place.
And the story here, the Saudi government,
beheaded 52 men and one woman last year
for crimes including murder, homosexuality,
Oh my God.
Armed robbery and drug trafficking.
But Saudis say that while Islam condones the punishment
in one context, it condemns militants
who've decapitated the hostages here in Iraq.
Islam permits the death penalty for certain crimes
with a few mainstream Muslim scholars
and observers believe that beheadings are sanctioned
by Sharia or Islamic law.
More crazy religious crap, okay?
These Saudis, and if you watch this movie,
you don't come away hating the Saudis like poison,
there's something wrong with you.
You don't have a brain.
They are the sand chiggers in a wood pile.
Trust me when I tell you that right now, okay?
The Saudis?
They are the lowest of the low.
And even if you saw the movie network,
which you probably didn't either want to,
but if you saw the movie network,
and you remember the speech that Howard Biel was writing
and raving about the Saudi deal must be stopped now
about how they bought up.
Did you see in the movie in Josh Day,
they got like seven or eight percent
of the whole US economy is owned by the Saudis.
Yeah.
They got over a trillion dollars in cash in US banks.
We're on our vended knee to the freaking Saudis,
which is why I'm sure, of course,
there was all those 146 or whatever the number was.
Relatives have been lied in the other Saudis in this country.
Got on those planes, but poor Ricky Martin couldn't get
even on a plane.
That was cute.
They showed a shot of Ricky Martin.
And he's like, even Ricky Martin couldn't get on a plane
like a morsel.
But the Saudis all were spirited out of here real fast
before they could be interrogated by the FBI.
You missed the Latin Grins.
Yeah.
Can you imagine he says if they open a bomber?
Can you imagine if Bill Clinton would have put all of his
members of his family on a plane and spurred them
around the country before the FBI could ask them any questions?
Or Terry Nichols' family?
Yeah, well, what happened to Bill if that happened?
Yeah.
They did what they had.
We had more in-peacemen here.
He's found another blue dress.
Or two.
In fact, they'd probably found grippers with the stains on a
panel unit.
My life and look all the rest of the four-trial-fice-execence.
You ain't got to be a little too late, yeah.
Took me a little while.
A little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
No!
It's Wadeio.
You are the truth.
I've got to call here.
There's a double-one.
They've been in a mohawaiian.
They've been in his home.
They've been in his home.
They've been in my house for a reason.
They've been in my house for a reason.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're about to belong.
Yeah.
I want your take on Kate Beaver.
Oh.
Kate Beaver.
Is that great, Coorda?
I've given a good joke.
I like Kate Beaver.
Well, if not to imagine he's got to explore the never-least smooth
detoxes.
Oh, yeah.
You're trying to get what you say here.
Oh, Kate, thank you more.
No, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was going down there in a mirror, Mom.
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait.
By the way, Mom.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what.
I'll hold you over the break.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old temptations.
How's that?
It's my way.
It's my way.
That was the only call we had.
It is.
I know this is always again.
It's always, always, always.
It's always, always.
It's always, always.
It's always, always.
It's always, always.
Wow!
You got sick, we could say.
And you know that I can say.
And around those golden temples.
You saw my eyes.
If you go up and down here at your feet.
A road not long, yet still empty.
Yes, that can be so.
Way to die, I die, I die.
I know it's close when something stays.
It's almost every day I've made.
Have my veins, when I start the funeral.
I had annoyed and endured all the joy.
Yeah, I'd hope I'd gone far and I'd die.
And because of the 20-year-old man.
The lady knows that she's with the old man.
She's with the old man.
She's got two of six three.
And she's got a little bit of memory.
How are you now?
I'm sleeping.
I'm sleeping.
I'm sleeping.
10.75, 60 W.A.A.
The US Supreme Court ruled today that an American, captured overseas, and bushes were on terrorism.
Cannot be held indefinitely.
An US military jail without a chance to contest the detention.
Four of the nine justice is concluded that a constitutional due process rights demanded that the citizen held in the US as an enemy combatant must be given a meaningful opportunity to contest case for his detention before a new to a party.
Two more justice has agreed that the detention of American citizen, Yasur Hamdi, was unauthorized and that the terrorist suspect should have a real chance to offer evidence that he's not an enemy combatant.
How do you like that?
A real blow to the bush-mice during our fascist government.
Let's see how that poll is coming.
We need some facts. This is good news though that so many people have seen it already.
What's your take on Michael Moore's movie, Fair and High 9-11?
299 votes already.
Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it. 161.
Saw it with sensational 90-EF3.
Well, absolutely not watch it.
Look at that.
10% of this audience will absolutely not go see it.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because they can't handle the truth.
That might be a green-press 30 votes though.
Yeah, it could be. He's probably banging on it right now.
Saw it. It was good.
And saw it at sucked seven.
So the people have seen it.
That's 130 or 108 of which 93 said it was sensational.
Eight said it was good.
And seven people out there who obviously have got a viewpoint said,
and that's the thing I'm reading is that even in small towns or in the country,
even traditional Republicans from all over the world,
the theaters have been packed in for the most part.
And the people came away with it.
Not all necessarily said it was propaganda.
People came away pissed off and fired up, which is what they should have come.
Here's a fact that says, I went with a group of eight to see Fahrenheit 9-11.
We ordered tickets for the regal self.
Bates got their 4 p.m. for the five of the inshowing.
The eight antenna club shows were already sold out.
The 2 p.m. was sold out.
And the five show was going quick and sold out also.
I guess today all the Saturday showings were sold out as well as Sundays.
I'm just curious.
I mean, I'm glad that Josh went and saw it.
And the exec is going to go.
When are you going?
I'm going today.
Now, how many other people at 2 a.m.?
How many of our sports nerds are one-dimensional people?
Do you think I have seen or are going to go see the movie?
George is going to go see it, of course.
Please not consider to sports nerd as a...
No, I understand.
But how many of the other people in our radio station?
I'm not sure.
Probably very, very few.
I mean, Muff said he was going to go see it, but it was just jam-packed.
And of course, you know, isn't allowed to travel outside of Broward except just to work.
Scott says, Fahrenheit 9-11 was very good, and as I told everyone who asked,
it wasn't just two hours of bush-bashing.
Even those of us who despise this administration wouldn't spend eight bucks to watch the BDI
at Monkeys that they're shifting his eyes before his speech.
The story of the Michigan mom who gave more to this company than any of the bush-lookers ever would
was heartbreaking.
The parts with Britney Spears.
Oh, I'd buy the way all you Britney fans out there would be one thing to hop on our bones,
but it's another thing.
Just don't have a conversation, okay, which I realize isn't necessary.
Maybe.
What's the talk to her?
That's a universal language.
That's the only conversation I have with her.
And I must confess that Charles Serfen last night I came across by accident only the Nick and Jessica show.
Oh, boy.
Oh, and it was the taping of that video where they're like in the waterfall and they're both almost naked.
Yep.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, I thought you were talking about.
They have like a variety show now.
No.
Now, this is the reality show supposedly.
Wow.
Anyway, the parts with Britney Spears and the confrontations from the White House show that 40% of the nation who support Bush really are intentionally uninformed, heartless followers.
Gets your heads out of the sand, America.
Keep up the great work, Scott.
Thank you, Scott Craig.
And Miami says, I haven't seen it because I'm still hiding under my bed and scared of everything.
And that really is the message of the movie.
That's what they want.
Beside, of course, the fact that the world is about business and OIL.
And that's all it's all about.
But if they keep the public scared enough, how did you like that town in Jersey?
Which I wish I would have written down the name of it.
I wish the government would have written down name because they had the wrong name of the wrong town.
They usually have terror alert for some little town in Jersey.
Wasn't it Jersey?
Yeah.
2000 population.
And they're talking to the Yahoo's there.
Oh, yeah.
Well, worse is species everybody here.
And it must have been sub-n Jersey.
And to come to find out that it was a town that sounded like the other one in Eastern Jersey.
There was the one that they were supposed to be talking about.
But even that one wasn't the right one.
And they don't know what they're talking about.
But if they can just keep everybody scared on pins and needles.
If you keep the people afraid, you can make them do just about anything.
And that's what it's all about.
Oh, my God.
People in the state of panic.
That's why we have these constant alerts, yellow, light and orange light.
And on a verge of red light.
And we have these nebulous abornings.
And we have nothing specific.
But after watching that movie, I'm convinced that between the bushes and the binoculars,
you've got a business deal gone bad here somewhere.
And I don't think we'll ever really know the whole truth.
Of course not.
Well, let's hear from some of the people who saw it or some of the people who won't go see it.
Those are my favorites.
What have we got so far?
9.9% of this crowd will not go see it because it's all a bunch of propaganda.
And they don't want to be a riyadi-adi-adi.
Michael Moore is a anti-American.
And he's anti this and anti-chalant and has to eat.
Oh, and it was a great piece on 60 minutes last night.
What nice timing.
Did you see that?
I did not.
Great. The last segment on 60 minutes was about Michael Moore.
And it wasn't even anything about the new movie, but mostly about blowing for Colin Biden.
They showed away he embarrassed the Jack-Eyes Chuck Heston who went strutting away like,
I kind of had athism at her.
And it was just a beautiful thing.
And Michael Moore gave a great interview to a Bob Simon.
I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
Nice going. Little free publicity for the movie. Can't hurt.
What?
Somebody QA and hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
That was an absolutely fantastic movie.
And the place was sold out.
And at the end of the movie, everybody stood and applauded.
And even though you've read the books and you've read the articles and you do the research
when you sit there and watch this thing on the big screen, you sit there, you almost want to cry.
It has much greater impact seeing the movie than anything you can read.
It was incredible.
By the way, that town was in Virginia.
Well, Virginia, Jersey, South Jersey, same difference.
Well, I'll explain the difference.
They're South Jersey.
Exactly.
Yeah, it was absolutely great.
Where did you go?
I saw it at the regal of sawgrass.
Okay. And what was the median age in the crowd?
I would say probably late 20s.
Uh-huh.
Dr. Mann.
Yeah, there you go.
That's what it was here in Toronto, too.
I would say that there were a lot of young people.
It's from a menace number, young people there, which was great.
Yeah.
And you sit there and you see these faces and you know what they're getting ready to say
and you can finish the sentence form.
Yeah.
If you've read any of this stuff over the last two and a half years.
Right.
And I think that, but keep in mind that most of the public, even the people that hate bush-like poison,
most of the people haven't read that material or heard it and they don't know anything about it.
That's right.
And the Afghanistan thing reminded me of the Joker penguin thing on your website.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks a lot, darling.
Hey, thank you, buddy.
See ya.
The 560-560, pound 560 on a 18-T and 4 rise in wireless line.
Two hours of your life, that's as it's like, you know, just deciding you're going to allocate this two hours
and go do something useful and maybe feed my brain and learn something.
And the one thing I have read over and over again, and there have been 80 million articles about this whole thing,
is that he double checked and triple checked and quadruple checked all of the facts.
This isn't just a bunch of stuff he made up, which is what propaganda is.
These are facts.
If you don't like the facts, that's too bad.
That means because it is then fitting with your agenda.
W.Q.A. and Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I haven't seen, I agree with it.
I've seen it, but you know, a lot of people going.
I mean, it seems, you know, just preaching to the choir.
So how do you get the people that are on the fence to go and open up their minds and really see this?
Well, there are, from what I'm reading, there are a lot of independence,
and I'm decided to are going to see it, and that's the key.
First of all, let me say this to you.
Anybody who, even if they are anti-borschen, if they're on to what's going on,
if they're not already motivated to go and vote, this has got to do it.
If they don't go vote after seeing this, then there's something wrong with them.
In the last night on 60 minutes, when they showed the clock ticking off within sitting there,
it was just unbelievable.
I mean, just that in itself.
But you know, Kerry can't capitalize on this.
I mean, he's just talking about, we've got to get an off-camp for everybody.
I mean, he doesn't want to fire on to anybody.
I've never seen somebody so man-be-paint.
He's the only thing that's keeping Bush even in a race right now is the fact that he's so lame and so weak
and looks like a dead man in shoes.
Absolutely.
I mean, I don't know who he's people to light a fire under this guy,
but I mean, talking about, you know, like I said, health insurance and a prescription plan.
And it's like, no, this is not what's important.
It's all important stuff for his timing sucks, you know?
Absolutely.
Thank you, Bob.
Well, I have a great thing.
1056 and 560, he only got a, let's see, priesties scheduled a pretty much,
but the mad dog or two, he will not be on the bar, by the way.
Do you know that mufflers are asking me this morning should we put in Curtis or Joe Zagaki in there?
I hope so.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, choice.
Yeah.
It is not a tough choice.
Curtis is good on a year.
Yeah.
And then of course Joe is a good guy.
Hank, it's a four to a humber.
I bet your Hank is going to go see the movie, you think?
I think he might.
The mad dog won't see it because he's for Bob Graham.
My life and lovel.
This is for real, fight 60, not the way and the way.
It's dangerous if I have a towel at 560 WQA.
Look at our creative 560 WQM, happy Monday to you.
This fact is so vivid, exact fact is a mix of three different times.
I thought you might like it.
It was that good.
It was that good.
Said, saw the Fahrenheit 911 first showing 1230 Friday at the Deerfield Mall.
Me and about 47 old Jews from the village.
Boy!
How sad.
Anybody listen Deerfield out there?
We send our sincerest apologies.
It says, I felt like a child amongst the elders.
Movie was spelled by the most of the services of validation from my convictions for a long ago.
And then it's got a thing about suggesting for a poll, best seen from the movie.
Well, we can do that at the end of the week maybe or in a couple of weeks after everybody's
had a chance to see it, including those who are lying instead that they won't go to see it.
And then the best part of this fact is, he asked the bit, my purple veins, most throw away
lying to Gildi, I don't even know how you have children is classic.
You're absolutely correct about that.
And you know something, we don't know how he has children either, quite frankly.
And I don't want to think about it.
Last week, Joshua, we called.
We had a couple of facts and the guy said, well, Richard Clark said he was the one who authorized the Saudis to leave.
You got to remember that?
Right.
And then he said, well, it wasn't really in his book.
It was, here's the ideal.
The invasion of Iraq was an enormous mistake costing untold lives,
strengthening Al Qaeda and breeding a new generation of terrorists from White House counter-terrorisms
are Richard Clark said over the weekend.
We did exactly what Al Qaeda said we would do, invade and occupy an oil rich Arab country
that wasn't threatening us in any way he said before giving the keynote address
at the American Library Association's annual Convention in Orlando,
the hatred that's been engendered by this invasion reliance for generations.
Speaking of libraries, on the 60 minutes piece last night, they showed again how that won the library
and that won woman.
I think she was in Jersey, somebody did something in Jersey.
She was the one that got the other Michael Moore bowling for Columbine,
or the stupid white man, published in the first place.
It was a stupid white man because the publisher, well, I happen to write it at 9-11,
and the retirement was bad, they didn't want to publish it, they would do one,
and to change 50% of the book and want to back push.
And so they were going to like repress the book and we're going to put it out.
And when she got wind of that, she started a whole thing on the Internet,
the emails among the library and associations and they raised holy hell,
and they had thousands and thousands of emails and letters and angry phone calls to the publisher,
and the book came out and the rest is history.
Anyway, Clark took issue with some elements of the documentary maker Michael Moore's Furnide 9-11,
the movie depicts how the Bush administration followed Saudi nationals and members of Osama bin Laden's family
rather allowed them to leave the U.S. Day after 9-11 attacks.
The Saudi nationals were not allowed to leave until the FBI cleared them opposing any danger
or having any knowledge of Osama bin Laden's whereabouts, Clark said.
This has become a tempest in a teapot.
He said after 9-11, I think the Saudis were perfectly justified
in fearing the possibility of vigilantism against Saudis in this country
when they asked to evacuate their citizens, I thought it was a perfectly normal request.
Clark stated that while he agrees with many things, Moore stands for making this incident a big part of the movie
was a mistake is what he said.
I don't agree with him.
And I'll say again, if Timik Vays family and all of the Yahoo's that he was associated with
had been put on planes and left the country,
I'll Clinton would have been vilified, even crucified for doing that.
But nevertheless, nobody's perfect dick.
Around 3 million people elected Fahrenheit 9-11 to be the number one movie of America this weekend
incensing as to many as it's in Transing,
writer director Michael Moore's Bush-Bass celebrated over the weekend with an estimated
21.8 million dollars at 868 theaters.
Lionsgate tremeded on Sunday long with code distributed ISC films and Fellowship Adventure group
the latter quickly formed by Miramar C. Spaventharb Y1 standard released a $6 million motion picture
after buying it back from corporate Disney and parent Disney.
With 21.958 million dollars in the till since its record breaking the view in New York City on Wednesday
Fahrenheit 9-11 is already the highest grossing documentary of all time excluding large format
concerted in other non-Apples to Apple subgenres, surpassing Moore's own voting for Columbine's 21.6 million
lifetime gross that was in the total time that it was out in nine months.
What a weekend.
This isn't one weekend.
Theranide is also the first documentary the length in the weekend top five little only number one.
It's opening top Quentin Tarantino's Tulled Fictions 9.3 million is the best ever for a
Cannes Film Festival, Palm Day or Winner and it was Tarantino's jury that handed him more
the prize this year.
Though Fahrenheit's $25,000, $150 per theater average is extraordinary, it's not unprecedented.
Yaudiote, Yaudiote, Yaudiote, ranks as the seventh highest all time for a wide release.
So how do you like that white chick's trailer trash?
Sorry Miss Fudge didn't work out for it away you wanted and I noticed Miss Fudge since I was
ranting and raving before since she listens religiously and put the flashing lights down there now
the big bubble gum lights they're on there now about the Supreme Court decision.
You just keep list over here forget about Laura Ingraham and forget about Anne Colter.
I'll tell you what to stick on there okay Miss Fudge?
I'll tell you where to stick it.
Welcome!
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Line.
So you got to know what was your favorite part?
My favorite part?
I mean there were many but you know you got to have a good moment of the movie light.
I'll be honest with you I thought it's hard to pick a favorite part of me than a couple of favorite parts
because I loved all of it except for that one law like I can't even remember what it was about two thirds of the way through.
What I loved at the beginning about the vote because being in Florida when all of that happened.
That practically brought tears to my eyes to see the way that this thing was just I keep telling you folks
it was stolen right there in broad daylight right from you people.
And the thousands and thousands of black people how about that congressman from DuVal County in Jacksonville was up there
with tears and rise practically about the 16,000 black people were not allowed to vote on election day in 2000.
That sounds fair.
Yeah that sounds very well.
Of course we know that most of those dark folks they are both democratic you know it would have been good for a Gore so it's bad for Bush.
They're for a get lost you can't vote.
You're all about your criminals.
Bunch of thugs and hoodlums.
That part was unbelievable and then of course I just can't pick one part all of it because it's not that kind of a movie.
It's like you sit there glued with you watch part after part after part you watch what's happening in Iraq
and the lies and the deceit and the bull crack and the fact that the world is a business.
This is like network all over again 32 years later.
It's like the movie network.
And then of course I also liked the fact that even though we didn't spend a lot of time on it
he really gave the old shots of the the American networks and it was then rather on there.
Well of course I'm one America to win and all of a sudden there was ABC and CBS and of course CNN and Fox.
It's really exactly what they deserve big time.
The Fox propaganda network.
And your favorite part was well I had a couple but I just liked a lot when they made them look stupid
which is quite often in the movie.
Well I don't have to work too hard to do that.
He did some of the things that he'd like fumble and stumble on and say like oh you know I'm not just on vacation.
You'd be amazed what you can do with the telephone and how about at the end of the movie when he was in Tennessee?
I mean we've had that story on a million times but he's making a speech in Tennessee and he's saying well you know
here in Tennessee in the back in Texas but I'm sure in Tennessee they have an expression.
Full me once.
At that point he was lost.
Shame on you.
It was just great.
Yeah.
This is of course we're sitting here laughing that's the sad part of it.
And you walk away from there and I ask myself one question.
One question.
How can anybody know two questions.
Number one how come there aren't impeachment proceedings taking place right now.
And number two how can anybody continue to support this man and he's not these around him?
How is that possible?
You got me.
It's incredible.
People like Reaper.
Yeah.
More on.
I mean what's his excuse bringing lost little quizzling, sport little brat.
I mean I can understand two groups.
The people with all the big money like he says you know some people call you what was it?
The elite I call you my base.
Yeah my hands and I have more.
Yeah I can understand the ultra wealthy who love his tax cuts for the rich.
And I can understand the word again lunatics.
I can understand the Pat Robertsons and the Jerry Falwells and all the other other disciples.
The brainwashed masses are asses.
Other than that I can't imagine anybody.
And anyway don't get all don't let me get all worked up now.
Okay.
Okay work.
Okay just let me stay calm and cool and relax relax.
Well I mean you know now that my good buddy Moe has made peace with me life is a lot sweeter.
I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner but Neil I apologize.
But don't don't don't do it.
You are the truth.
Hey man.
There is my main man.
I didn't hear any of him in guilty this morning.
I asked him up about it.
He said it just sounded like one of their usual shows and I said I guess I didn't this much.
Everything was fine with those two this morning.
Yeah it seemed normal.
Even after all last week's stuff going on.
Yeah I noticed that Joe came on this morning.
My good buddy Joe the little dog there.
A little disappointing there in the beginning.
I thought he'd like really let it all out.
Give a few real good shots to Greg Reed and about the kind of way that this place is operated.
But maybe there was enough money in that deal.
Kind of shut them up a little bit.
Pretty disappointing.
Like a big build up for the audience and then we just like stick out a pin in the balloon and flood all the air out.
You never know.
I would make those sounds but of course we can't do that anymore.
It's 11.13 at 5.60 W.F.E.
If you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows.
Being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers.
The easiest way to deal with those bugs is to get a Macintosh from the Mac Center.
The Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than Windows.
So all these PC press just can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available,
including ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word, Excel, and lots of others.
They'll even take your old computer as it's rated.
So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 9.5.4.486.5500.
You will not get a better deal on your Mac or iPad anyplace else in town because Mac Center is the home of the 5% rebate on every purchase.
Come in before June 30th.
I'm ready to win the hard to find iPod mini, which means before Wednesday.
That's Mac Center on Commercial Boulevard column at 9.5.4.486.5500.
No forget to mention that Neil sent you for extra savings at the Mac Center.
I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's way deal. You are the truth.
You drugs back in a message to America from 16 year old, nearly 100 years.
Hola, they want me to tell you always well here.
What could be wrong? Something new back was a blessing.
I am 16 years old now and the luckiest boy in the world to be here in the jewel of the Caribbean, Castro, Cuba.
The hotel Sierra, how you say? Swimney.
I am also fortunate to be wearing my family heirloom, Csaromaro's wife, Peter Scherz.
So be it you will know happy new.
I am getting my license room and Papi says if I pass my desi on, it's history test her father for a 58 clean of saboya in wanting.
You and the Delas may have jail on Disney World, but we have limits. That's a limits.
If you stop the tube of Cubans in Miami still want to show your support.
Please send me your empty cafe pastelok hands and he's sending peace to me.
You know, Jenna Reno is a nice man. I would always be grateful to him for saving me from that rigged janitor with the hair.
Who may not know this but he touched me.
So fucko Imperialist, I'm not a kid.
I die, die.
I'm 18 at 5.60 WQIM. Here's the facts. What the facts is up for an NA.
Right.
Says I'm not a little crazy liberal. My voting record will fly.
I bet your gildy ain't going to go see that movie, you think?
I don't think so.
Can you imagine that scene where the woman is pouring her heart out loses her son in Iraq and gildies in the audience?
I'm sorry, just I don't know. I can handle it.
I'm not left with the crazy liberal. This says my voting record reflects whichever candidate it happened like better each election here since 1980.
The Republican view is est the poor. They ought to try harder. No one's entitled to anything but.
Anyone who supports this administration is a greedy religious nut that just wants to pay less taxes regardless of all the war, murdered, debt destruction and Bush-Saudi oil deals.
Iraq will never have democracy. Does anyone think the losers are free election will accept the results and run again in four years?
There will be endless assassinations and coups. The scariest thing is 50% of this country still supports Bush.
I can't even watch Crossfire because the right spin never changes.
If the Panthers are going to stand in front of the finals and my people will sit in the dark before listening to that little kid on the radio.
Also according to my crusader today the Panthers will be buyers and free agency this summer. Don't worry about it sir or whoever you are because the National Hockey League at the moment is the OA.
That is it or.
Fat boys just to be this morning when he came to Washington and there was his new pacemaker all shiny and glowing.
He says how many of you think of the UNHL draft? How did the same thing that you guys thought of him?
Exactly. That is exactly right.
A couple of quick things says this first. You can now buy the book. I don't care how much Bill Clinton's book is.
I love Baba. I saw the other people who I'm with. Came and they showed it again last night.
But I'm not going to buy the book. Are you going to read that book?
Probably not. 950 pages? I mean I don't know.
No, well. 950 pages.
Yes. And 975 I believe.
Secondly, after viewing the video on George W. Bush, dot com that compares Kerry Gore and other Democrats to Hitler.
I sent the following email to the Bush Cheney campaign.
I'm sending it to you because I thought you might appreciate the sentiments and also because there ought to be a record of it in case my wife and I suddenly disappear in the middle of the night says Charles and Deerfield Beach.
It says saw the video showing Adolf Hitler with John Kerry and other Democrats and had to wonder why you left someone out mainly president Bush.
I mean after all, while I'm with the man who made the Bush family fortune by trading with the enemy, the enemy coincidentally began being the world's all-time favorite dictator before saw them.
The very same Adolf Hitler. I think Grandpa Bush might feel a bit slided, don't you?
Because without his company's financial support, the Nazi war machine might not have ever gotten off the ground and all those millions of people who died in WW2 might still be alive.
So I think you'll agree. He definitely deserves a spot next to get old Adolf.
Yes, by all means, let's not forget Prescott Bush, Wolfsian or being the one who kicked out the Bush families, despicable practice, and crawling into bed with the lowest of the low regardless of the consequences.
Just as long as there's a dollar to be made. Well, that sounds familiar, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
My God in heaven is former secretary of the Army, Robert Stevens once said, have you no sense of decency at long last? Have you no sense of decency?
I thought that was lower in the Army and the curfew rings.
Who said that? Well, he might have said it too. That was his name. Somebody will call him a reminder. He was great before you were born, both of you.
In 1983, some facts are the audience stood in applause at the end of Return of the Jedi. That was the last time I saw such a reaction.
It took 21 years with Ferdinand I love it, to create the same standing ovation in the theater. 21 years of totally electrifying cinematic experience, Viva St. Michael, it said. Amen.
I see here in Toronto, there are two polite to be standing and plus the least in the score goal. And even then, they still wouldn't have stood up.
But they gave a sitting, a very loud and enthusiastic ovation, including your estuary at the end of the movie. You couldn't help but do it with spontaneous.
It was sensational.
So, might I clap and I'll see this movie at the end?
You don't have to, but you will at the end of the movie. You may think you won't. Have you ever clacked at the end of a movie?
I don't think so.
I never had me for either.
Yesterday was the first time. And I'm going to go see it again this week. I'm not going to go see it again two or three times.
Anyway, Rhonda in focus is despite the fact that the French like that I still enjoy it. Fair night 9-11. They are pigs, aren't they Rhonda?
I saw it in Boket in early bird special screening at 57. I was by far the youngest person in the theater, but the response was just the electric.
Oh, they were thrilling from it. Everyone vowed to never vote for Buchanan again, so Bush has finished here for sure.
Excellent job, Rhonda. That's perfect. 5-6-7-0-5-60.
Count 5-60 on a year. To me, the whole thing that the men are very beginning about the 2000 election.
If that part doesn't just frost your Florida asses, man, especially you dark folks out there.
Let me say it again. Although the one interesting thing about the crowd in the theater, I went to a place called Canada Square,
which if you don't know Toronto, it doesn't really mean anything to you, but it's a shopping center.
And you take the subway to young and Edwinston, young as the main north south of the street in town here.
And you get on the subway and it lets you off inside the shopping center.
Do you think anything more convenient than that? That's perfect. Especially in a winter time I would imagine it comes in kind of handy.
But I'm looking around and they're the signs say Canada Square theaters and whatever.
And I go up the escalator and walk a few yards and there it is.
And as they kept coming in and coming in, I got there about 5 after 1. I bought my ticket online ahead of time.
So I didn't get shut out. I was going to schlep over there just to find out it was sold out.
Very smart.
Right. And I got my milk duds and my diapy. I'm sitting there and they're keep filling in and filling out.
I thought, my God, this thing is going to be sold out. What you did? It sold out. Excuse me.
Did you have to sit there? Did you have to say nice to anybody?
There were a couple of like businessmen 50 something guys sitting next to me who were very much into the movie and very obviously anti-borshock.
Of course, almost everybody here is anti-borshock. Which I hope they'll remember today. Don't vote for Stephen Harper. It's election day Canada day.
Please. But anyway.
And I know there's one thing. There wasn't one black person in that theater.
Really?
Yeah. I don't really know that much about that neighborhood. But there wasn't one black person in that movie theater.
Round one. That's surprising.
And I would say the average the median age was 30 minutes.
There were a lot of teenagers and a lot of people in their 20s which is tremendous.
And of course, I'll say it again. You have to be over 14 here to see. I suppose there were the 17 and C17.
And the 15 and 60 year olds are the ones who really need to see it. Not so much here but in the US because they're the ones who might get drafted.
If this military area adventurism continues all around the world and if this lunatic gets in for another four years.
We've got the war with Iran and then we got the war with North Korea. And then we got the war with Syria.
And who knows where it ends here. Probably in somewhere they don't have any oil or nukes.
WQA and hello.
Come on and kneel.
Yes sir.
A couple of points to start with for the movie. I guess towards the end when the congressman he was going up to the every congressman in Africa.
Would you let your son, you know, only one out of five hundred and thirty five members of Congress has done anything.
And the one, I think he was from Tennessee that, you know, I don't disagree with you.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Panoramon to show the, yeah.
Yacht-yacht-yacht-yong in a lot of the way. And of course the other ones were running away. You know, is that they ran away?
Oh, they run their cell phones. I think they knew beforehand that they were going into the, they might go over stand outside.
But another one was, when he was in Afghanistan or, it was a rack actually. And the woman was, you could hear her say, ah, I got, you know, God, God crushed you, God.
That was the midnight raid on the houses where the people that were liberating, the midnight raid, were the most slammed on the floor.
If this doesn't matter fire for people who got in vote, I mean, I was in Delaware yesterday and it was, it was, you know, they were all the old Jews.
And I walked in and just a few people had just sit in the front row because they all got there about an hour and a half early.
Yeah. And I was looking straight up and I mean, yeah. Good thing I was in front because it was push-peeing the movie so long I didn't have to throw up on anybody.
Okay, pal. We're lucky. Okay, get out of that place. Please.
26 pounds to let out. I'm going to tell you what you ought to be doing is getting everybody or your friends to register to vote.
Josh is going to go on vote. Yeah. Are you registered to vote? No.
You will be soon. This is worse than the slot machine thing on Friday. I may just, I may go on strike out of a protest right now.
You still can register to vote, Schmuck. How about Zack? Is Zack registered to vote? Yeah, man. I will be in plantation.
Right. They call your house a lot and give you very do-y.
Oh, Josh. I'm going to register though. I'm just joking.
You better register. Otherwise, we'd have no more show.
Do you think Mo is going to vote? Oh, I'm guessing yes.
Goldie. More than likely. Thanks for the vote. I guarantee that the Humphor's got to vote.
And the company's got to come and check about that. The man Hammer. He's going to be out there banging on it and voting too.
You'll see 27 past 11 at 560 WQM at summertime. Days are getting longer.
Night's are getting shorter. Means it's so important for you to do a good night's sleep. I still don't understand that line.
If you're not sleeping as well as you could call 1-800-MACRUS today.
Millions of people have dialed 1-800-MAT-ERS for the lowest prices on the best brands anywhere in bedding.
The easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep.
Save time, save money, improve your productivity and brighten your disposition by getting a great night's sleep every night.
Dialometrics is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
And they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tour to Vexalance Award.
When you call 1-800-MACRUS, you'll get the best prices on the best brands.
With delivery on your schedule, you pick that tour. I wonder what it's convenient for you and they'll be there.
And the best customer service in the business too.
Dialometrics has the complete line of the top names that you know love and covet.
Seely, surreptive King Coyle Simmons Temporpete Experience in Banana's Foster.
From Candlestore Palm Beach to Fort Myers, Dialometrics will deliver right to your door and set it up for you to the finest bedding in the world.
Everybody at QN has got a brain that's called 1-800-MACRUS for our bedding you ought to be doing the same.
Log on to their website for more information at mattress.com.
In fact, you can order right there or call them toll free. 1-800-MACRUS to guarantee you a great night's sleep for a long time to come.
1-800-MACRUS.
We're supporting you on 5-6-7-7-7-8-M.
Oh baby, how's it going?
Good day.
Hey, would you please be having a fruit-slaught DG?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have had a lot of many deliveries.
We're afraid that it's not this bad.
We are taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking
ering, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, take, taking, taking, taking, taking, take, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, taking, keeping the recruite, patient not just wanting the medication but to have been automatically prepared, giving the t an, taking the routine.
pool so far. Here you have me duty. We got a shot at a thousand again today, John.
I think we'll do it because this is what everybody's talking about. From coast to coast and
pillar to coast at the water cooler at the tea room, you name it. Even people sit and
take a dump at a public tea room with their sit inside by each, you know, in the stall next to them.
What do you think about the movie is what they're talking about. Even people at Westland and
highly are whispering things to the glory holes about this movie, all those kubanos.
What's your take on Michael Moore's movie, Fahrenheit 911?
505 votes. Haven't seen the Epoe. We'll see it. 279. 55.2%. Over half you still haven't seen it. We'll
get with it. Saw it. It was sensational. 144. Well, absolutely not watch it. 55, 10, 20%.
Now what do you make of those people? I think we forgot the 55 computers.
No, no, I'm serious. What do you make of people who will with that kind of attitude? Well, definitely,
that's why I worded it that way. You know, I could have said, well, probably won't see it or
but definitely won't go see it. These are people who are afraid. And you know what they're afraid of?
The truth? That's it. You got your thumb right on it. Saw it was good 14. Saw it suck 13. So let's see,
the people that have seen it in this crowd so far out of 511. 147 and 14 is 161 out of 174 said it
was either sensational or good. And only 13 out of 174 said it sucked. And those are probably
right wingers who didn't really see it anyway. Just people would hate Michael Moore because they
can't handle the truth. Somebody QAM. Hello? Yeah, I don't know. Pretty good, Pali. Saw the movie Sunday
in Dear Phil, a lot of old people but there was a lot of laughter mixed with peers of the old people.
When they were showing that one kid being thrown back into the bag of the pickup truck.
And I read that small baby. They movie though. Everybody needs to see it. I'm taking a couple more
people that they're a little bit on the Republican side but I told them I would pay for it so I'm
taking the good. I'm going to buy books of you guys at the movie theater and I'm out
of disperterred. I'm not allowed to go see this. I would go and deal. Thanks a lot, Pali. Good
thank him. Get all those fence sitters in there. Get all those rubber. In fact, you know what we
ought to be doing is going around to the churches. All those sudden back to his churches go around
hand out the coupons. They'll know that the devil has struck them right on the anodes.
When you reach when they reach out and grab a hold of that. We should just bring the movie into them.
You know, just tell them that it's the educational movie. Yeah, there you go. And tell them that's
the past of the Christ. Oh, we got the wrong damn. Oh, well, that's why we're here by as well. Watch it.
Oops. Sorry. Speaking of movie reviewers. While the country is a whole appearance split says,
you know, the country is a whole is not split. If 91% of them are talking politically, okay,
along political lines. Excuse me. I'm getting worked up. It says movie reviewers at US Daily
News papers are most definitely not split. An E&P that's editor in publisher magazine survey
of 63 Daily Papers that ran reviews in red and blue states alike. Finds that 56 gave the film
a positive nod with only seven abstaining and almost 90% favorable rating. 56 out of 63. The
seven in the anti camp were way too near this. The Detroit repress, which is shocking to me,
Denver Rocky Mountain news, San Jose Mercury news, not at all shocking, New York Post that's
over Murdoch. So hardly at all shocking. Philadelphia Daily News another right wing rag in the
Charlotte observer and the South Florida Sunset and all. Absolutely correct. How do you like that?
Owned by the right wing Chicago Tribune, I should point out. Many of the positive reviews express
reservations, but overall waiting on the plus side. Among the few negatives, Phoebe Flowers in
the Sunset will call the film hyperbolic hysteria. And Lawrence Topman in the Charlotte observer
observed that more rakes mock like nobody else, but almost as much of it sticks to him as to his
subject. Which for the life of me, well, what does that mean? Got me. How did he come off looking
bad in that movie? First of all, he wasn't in this movie nearly as much as he wasn't voting for
Columbine. So, so where did the mud stick to him? But they were drowned out by praise not only from
some of the expected big city papers, but from smaller towns. Boo Allen of the Denton Record
Chronicle in Texas referred to My Story More. Phil of Martin in the Arkansas Democrat
Gazette called the film Tough and True. And James Sanford in a Kalamazoo Gazette found it to be
skillfully directed to our indictment. Mary Paul's in the Conocrest, a California Times
Pinox Covered the Waterfront calling the film passionate, clever, skating, funny, snarky, brutal,
sad, live at a time superficial. But nothing's perfect. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course it's interesting
that we're hanging from a lot of these people. Do you feel delirious? What would you expect? But
that's out Florida. That's one of the things that's so sad. I was talking to Fred and
my nephew today about South Florida and what it's all about while the demographic is so screwed up.
You go any, I don't care where else you go. Well, maybe some city like Arizona,
where they have always retirement communities. But any place else like right here where I'm sitting
now, you can go outside and there's there are old people. It's not like they've all been
euthanized or anything like that yet. There are old people out there and there's young people
and there's middle aged people and there's just all kinds of people and they all live in the same
neighborhoods. Unlike this experiment, guess what boys and girls, it's a nightmare. It doesn't work.
All this condo living, all these old cockers living together, waiting to croak together. Very sad.
It's depressing. A little bit. A little bit. All right, a lot of it. Man, turned it into an
outdoor funeral parlor. That's South Florida for you. Line 9 is always right on it. QAM, hello.
Hey, N.I. Do you have a good pal?
Actually, I live in Orlando, man. I saw the movie and when I was actually going there,
I happened to turn on a clear channel to talk station.
Everything trying to get people not to go see that movie.
Really? Yeah. You're on American. Oh, I'm going to review Spider-Man. If the Republicans are smart,
they'll put an ad on the Spider-Man 2 website and the movie is. It was kind of funny, but I really
enjoyed the movie. The average age when I was in there was literally about 30 years old.
I really had a good time seeing them. I'm going to go see it again. Excellent.
Thanks a lot. Talk to that.
Third channel is the Antichrist, pal. I don't forget it.
Yeah, this business of Don't Go See It, again, what are they afraid of? If it's so bad,
if Michael Moore's full of crack, then why are you afraid? People ought to go see it and then they
can debunk all of their allies in the midst of it. That's the way to deal with it.
Yeah, they make a walk out and say the movie with a sham was alive.
That's right. As opposed to Don't See It, you're going to be subsidizing Michael Moore,
then he'll make another one, which he is going to make another one.
If they'll be talking about the pharmaceutical industry and about HMOs,
you mentioned that the other day, which is long overdue. And again,
drug industry, US government, all crooks, baby. That's what we're talking about.
Cheney got nailed, not as much as I would like to assume this movie. He got nailed pretty good
and his good friends at Hall of Burton. And then that one guy that was up there talking
at that seminar with Iraqi businessman. Well, actually multinational businessman about how
all the business opportunities and it's only going to get better and there's going to want that oil
starts flowing. There's going to be more and more money. And it's about to make a sickier stomach.
Just that scene alone. If you just watch that one scene alone, that tells you everything you need to know.
This is all about OIL and M-O-N-Y. It has nothing to do with freeing with democracy or operation
or Iraqi freedom. Ready to that crap. What it has to do is a human sacrifice of almost 900 of
American young people right now and thousands and thousands and thousands of Iraqis who are living
many of them in terror just like that family you saw terrorized in a movie. It looks like I've
told you before. It's emancipation by de-cafutation. And then when I first started using that phrase,
a little I realized that the chop chop deal was going to start going on now. But then again,
that's the Saudi FN way. 19-pil-nil-nil-560 WDQM is your company suffering from regulations that
increase labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's
out of your business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource
services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover
to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing a day for a free evaluation at
1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing
understands many facets of human resource management. Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large
and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business
while you leave the operation with details to the folks that Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing
make your business more profitable if you'd like a free evaluation with no obligation. Call
Oasis outsourcing. This week I proposed a series of new ambitious steps to build on our recent
success against prosperity and new jobs. We must continue to turn our backs on America's families
and workers and entrepreneurs. We'll put good companies out of business and good people out of work,
including every farmer, rancher and small business owner. In the coming months, I will continue
to work with Congress to achieve these important measures requiring all states to criminalize
productivity, manufacturing and housing construction and others to move this economy forward.
Thank you for listening. Sure. 11.45 at 5.60 W. Come, we're going to give
Vazac a project to do. All right. Not often. Well seriously, you're going to take Josh
courtes right there by the hand and you're going to take him to wherever he has to go to get
registered to vote. Can you do it online? No. I don't think so. I don't believe so. We're
going to get you got to do it. We're going to get a registered before the week's over.
I mean, it's below me. I mean, see, this is what most Americans I don't want to like to
single you up. Most people are very lazy and they'll say, oh my gosh, I saw it. It was dynamic
and I'm pissed off. I'm part of you're going to go vote on. I don't want to get called for jury
duly. What of that is going to be the lamest old excuse? That is pathetic. So in other words,
it's not important enough for you. That is. I mean, I have strong opinions on it.
And like I said, I'm going to go register. Yeah, or else, okay, we're going to find out. In fact,
I want to see that voter registration card. I want to draw. I want a copy of it. I want a
facts of it. You'll have it. The moment that it is in your pocket. I... Let's see,
Michael, I already, I don't want to repeat too much. It has been nevertheless over
anyway because it was so impressive. They sold out in the Fayetteville, home of Fort
Bragg, North Carolina. Michael Moore said Sunday, we sold out an army based town. We said,
house records in some of these places. We said single one day records in a number of theaters.
We got standing o'hacens in Greensboro, North Carolina. The biggest news to be this morning is that
this is a red state movie. He said referring to the state whose residence voted for George W.
in 2000. Republican states are embracing the movie and it's sold out in Republican strongholds
all over the country. Harvey Weinstein said it's beyond anybody's expectations. I'd have to say
the sky's the limit on this movie. Who knows what territory went. The only sad, the tragic part of
this whole thing. Well, not the only one. But the, the most tragic part of it is that we had to go pay
the a-pucks to see a movie to get the truth. CBS wouldn't give us the truth. CNN wouldn't give us
the truth. NBC, ABC, certainly not Fox Notcy News. MSNBC, that nobody watches anyway. They're not
going to give you this information. Everything is presented to a pink colored glasses, man.
Pathetic. You want to speak in a color. I have to pay for it. No, I guess so. Well, it's
all worth the eight bucks at 10 times the price. Good news over the weekend, though.
Speaking of colors, the green party on Saturday refused to backwalt later as independent
run for the White House. A move that could reduce his chances of being a factor in his year's
election. Oh, right. See, he thought he was going to snake in. The snake that he is pretending
to be Mr. Ethical and Mr. Honest, all of a sudden, book rep. He's just another crooked politician
like all the rest of them and they all are. Bill Gates to the half million member parties presidential
convention voted nominate party activist David Cobb, no relation to harness driver Eddie Cobb,
a California lawyer who loved the delegate count going into the meeting. I'm a second
amount of voting cop captured 400 eight delegates more than the 385 needed to gain the nomination.
Nader had not sought to party's nomination, but City would have accepted it into that when
endorsement is impossible for routine getting on the ballot in 22 states in the district of Columbia.
But guess what? Guess what? Well, he thought he could back his way out on the ballot by having
the endorsement of the green party. It could happen. They said bye-bye, Ralph. You're sorry,
style. You will fool. 5670560.560 on the AT&T line. WQA and Hello. Not there. WQA and Hello.
Hey, me. I just wanted to ask you with the phone number for Delight and West Bokeh.
The phone number for Delight and West Bokeh is one. Okay. 877. Got it. Low-car bill or WCARB.
Thank you, sir. You're welcome. Oh, you know, I bet that was a painless, right? That was great.
Nice little plug for our friends. Sure. Why not? 5670560.560 on the AT&T line. What's your take on the
Michael Moore movie for night and night? Level. We got 589 votes. Haven't seen the yet but we'll see at
327. Saw it. It was sensational. 168. And it was. Well, absolutely not watching at 65. 11% say,
we're not going to watch it no matter how good it is, no matter how much truth is in there,
we'd rather go watch Scooby Doo. We go on and go see Spider-Man 2 and Scooby Doo and White Chicks and
Black Chicks and Pink Chicks and Yellow Chicks. Well, absolutely not watching at 65. Saw it was good
15. Saw it stuck 14. So, the people who have seen it, 183.197. Let's say 200, okay? Because the math
is simpler. Sure, write it up. 183. Out of just 200, 200. Have, uh, said it like 90. And isn't that
interesting? You know what that comes out to? Like 91.5%. Pretty good. What did I say about the exit
polls nationwide? 91%. See you sell the audience a little bit too short. Zach, I'm sorry. You think
you're all a bunch of sports nerds. They just give a crap about ball games. Is it about, uh, I
couldn't believe it. I heard Joe Rose talking about how many playoff games the dolphins are going
to win this season? Did I really hear that or did I imagine that? It's definitely possibly heard.
Oh my god. How many playoff games are the dolphins going to win this season? Is the football season
starting yet? Did I miss something? No. Wow. He started to become almost like hour-per-mocha.
But not quite. Maybe it rubbed off. Come on, Joe. Get with it. They can still renegade a deal.
Who's this first day back? Yeah, that's right. He's a little slow. He's off his feed.
Oh, and it reminds me of spitting off his feed. You know, we got Josh sitting right there always
sucking up for Dunkin' Donuts. Dunkin' Donuts. Dunkin' Donuts. And George and I are always given
a business about how anybody with any taste eats crispy cream. I'm sure that's equity with that.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. So I'm listening to Joe Rose this morning. A little vlog about eight minutes
after eight. Nine, whatever the hell it is. And what's he talking about? How he stopped the
day and picked up a dozen crispy cream donuts on a way home and raving about how great they are
and before he even got to the house he'd eaten three or four already. How do you like that?
Maybe that's why his boobs are so big, but nevertheless. So here he resists the smell.
So basically what the deal is he's willing to take the free stuff from Dunkin' Donuts because
like all the rest of us in the business, he's a free loader, which is good. But if he has his
druggers, in other words, if he's actually going to pay for the deal, he's going to go out and buy
crispy creams. So wait, how do we even know that Joe paid for those donuts?
In other words, he probably made a deal where he got just like char-hut. I mean, it's one of his
fine sponsors and it's a good place. But you think he actually paid for that stuff he was
raving about at char-hut? Oh, definitely not. And I hate to break the nose, Joe, because you know,
it's that goy-a-suit-tasting thing. But if you want to get the good stuff at char-hut, it's the
sausage is far and away better than the burgers and the other stuff he's always raving about.
Char-hut's the best. But do you want to get the sausage there? I get everything.
Sausage with the cheese and onions. I heard you were sucking around for free food this morning.
I let you what you need. Just what you need, Mr.
somebody cuey and hello. Yeah, get stuck in here. Speaking.
Hey, Neil's Craig. I just want to tell you, I've been listening here for four years.
I'm in the military down here. Right. And I'm a Frenchman out today. I'm going to miss you,
man. I'll tell you, I learned a lot from you. It made me laugh every morning. And if you ever
know how I can Virginia, you've got a place to stay, buddy. Okay, Pally. And one last thing I'm
seeing the board about it. Okay, I'll be looking for it. I do a couple of those military guys that
they interviewed to come back home and asked that one dark conflict of the guy would you ever
go back to Iraq and they know where to go to jail? I'm not going back. Well, he figured it out.
This is a human sacrifice. Here is a man, this whole administration, they've all got blood on
her hands. They got oil and money, dirty money on her hands and blood. Lots of it. And the public
suspect, like I said, it's wonderfully the standing ovation everybody's whipped up into a frenzy,
but we'll see on November 2. Then we'll see just as they're going to put their action with
her mouth is because we got millions of lazy bastions out there just like Josh Cortes who talk
a good game. But I'll go on vote. I can't be bothered with that. That's a waste of time. Or I'm
going to get called for a jury to even name the excuse. Okay. Or my dog has wild diarrhea. I
am sure. Well, we'll call a drag concept for you. How do you like that? They'll do it while you're
out registering to vote. Mr. Smarty pants. Why do you find crispy creams and getting yourself
some real taste? What do you expect from a guy who eats duck and donuts? That's for a guy,
a man. Now you just don't like Dunkin Donuts. You like crispy cream better.
Dunkin donuts, you know, it's a cardboard box they come in. That's what you could even get
the same taste. Dunkin donuts are they're they're tasteless. They're like this show. They're tasteless.
Crispy cream on the other hand are like so good. It's like orgasmic. That's how good they are.
It's just it's beyond sex crispy cream. Especially if they're like real fresh, you know? Oh yeah.
And if they're not real fresh, you can just put them in the microwave for like about two seconds.
You don't want to heat them up, but just two seconds to like soften them a little bit all and then
man I'm starving. There's nothing in the world. Yeah, you need you need to go out and eat about
a half a dozen crispy creams man. You and Fat Boy and the Beast get together and go out and have a
a feeding frenzy on crispy cream. It's just exactly what you need. Can you imagine a three of us
I don't know you can eat buffet. I was coming in my place here a couple of days ago and there's
a guy in the elevator with his wife or girlfriend, whatever and he's got in his hand a box that
doesn't crispy cream donuts. I wanted to kill a son of a bitch. I couldn't I couldn't believe it.
You didn't ask him for one and I didn't know where he got him because where I am here. I don't
know no crispy cream around here but I'll find out where it is. Oh, we'll find it for you.
No thanks. Yeah, see there you go. Right there. Right there is a snapshot of what you fat
bathrooms are all about. I mean as well. Food pusher. It's not important that you lose weight,
but that others croak from being from fat from gorging. That's the most important thing.
The thing is it's not important that you succeed, but that your friends fail. That's that's life.
What do you mean? That's just that's people like you fat people want other people to be fat through.
It's just share my misery. So I should tell the delivery guy not to bring the crispy cream syrup.
If you're in the even crispy cream donuts, man, I'll tell you. I don't have to get in tough.
Not everybody on the staff can afford to bring you flowers. Okay. Four minutes to zoom.
We got the mad dog. It's two of the hopper at four. You got the marlins on deck at seven.
Well, that's right. The game's in Atlanta. The 735 game. Marlins at the brace.
So that should be like a give me again. When you think? Possibly. The only praise the
braves are really really suck this year. Something pathetic. Any case and let me ask you how much you bet that any case is going to go see the movie.
Roger. God.
Time's up.
Legalized in everything.
Gaming TV shows.
Gaming TV is at the end of the world.
If you're a homophobic or a Republican, it's coming to a teaser and possibly a family near you.
Day after tomorrow.
There's a guy who has homosexuals coming at me right now. There's a woman saying,
what's wrong with him?
He'll work.
I see my God.
This is the entire life of the drama.
The organization of the game is sweeping across the planet.
Condemnus after Condemnus. Nation after nation. State after state.
Well, just one state so far, but that's just the beginning.
I'm sorry.
I'm everywhere.
My job.
The government.
Oh my God.
I can't believe it.
There are even...
Here one car show.
It started years ago with Ellen DeCampus.
Now, it's a homophobic and it's a normal proportion.
It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay
or tolerating anyone who he is.
George W. Bush tires and the biggest blackbuster of the summer.
Day after tomorrow.
I think there when it comes out, in theaters this summer.
From the 560 W.Q.A.M.
here's the facts from Don and Del Races.
And she makes a good point and I actually made it before too.
I think I did a little bit, but we didn't emphasize it enough.
In that case, Michael Moore doesn't just rip Bush in this or Republicans.
He rips the whole American political process.
And I came away from there feeling like, what's the use?
What's the use?
When you saw all those poor congressmen and women standing up in Congress begging,
pleading, one senator, please sign out of this resolution so that we don't put this
unelected man in his president.
We don't install an authorized president.
One, did Ted Kennedy have the balls?
No.
John Kerry, Joe Biden, Russ Flingel, John McCain,
and the other 96 or 95?
No.
Not one.
So what does Ted have about the Democratic Party?
Donner says, thank you for taking the time and tell us about Furnite 9-11.
I'm distressed by the fact that all this information is out there about the crimes of
the Islam administration.
Why is no one doing anything about this, Donner wants to know?
Do you know what's done?
Excellent question.
Why aren't impeachment proceedings going on right now?
Don't forget, if you listen to QM, as long as there are ball games being played,
as long as there are draft parties being held, we don't have to worry about
an important crap like this.
We don't have to be so newsy.
Why aren't the Democrats screaming?
It says, where is John Kerry?
Where is Howard Dean?
Ted Kennedy, Jew Lieberman, etc.
One of the Democrats's got to grow up here.
When is the American public going to grow up here?
And she says, because she's obviously pissed off and fired up.
Why do we continue to let this administration get away with this?
Who is our voice?
Thanks, Neilson, Cerely Donner, and Del Rey.
And then she says, go mo.
Absurd.
You like that?
Dr. Dottoy.
Go mo.
If you didn't say where, but go mo.
Ready for that?
Of course.
Okay, how's that pool looking so far?
I think we got a shot of a thousand votes today.
They're pretty pissed off themselves.
What's your take on Michael Moore's movie for tonight at 9-11?
638 votes?
Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it at 359.
We're not going to make our thousand, not even close.
Well, we've got two hours.
Saw it was sensational 178.
We'll absolutely not watch it.
68.6%.
Have we heard from one of those people yet?
Oh.
No.
Have we heard from one?
No.
No.
No.
And why do you think that is?
Just because.
I mean, they don't have to call and explain to us whether or not
I'm going to see it.
It's a free country, at least to a point.
But it would be nice.
Well, absolutely not watch it.
68.10.5%.
Saw it.
It was good 18.
Saw it.
It sucked 15.
How does 638 vote?
5670560.
Count 560 on the HCNT in Verizon line.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Good job buddy.
Hey, do you have a pen?
First of all, I just want to say, I did jury duty like three or four years ago.
And I just registered for the first time to vote four months ago because they do it by your driver's
license for jury duty.
So that kids there are the way reason to more on.
Yeah, you don't be able to agree with by jury to do the anymore because that's why a lot of people
were not registering to vote was right.
That is correct.
He's got no excuse.
Yeah.
And I did one thing on Saturday.
I haven't done ever in my life.
I went to a movie by myself and I saw that movie, Neil.
And it was great.
And just like you said, the same exact thing.
You could hear a pin drop in that theater.
Nobody's talking over anything.
The only time people busted out,
wasn't there making fun of Bush and everyone was laughing.
But it was an awesome movie.
And one of my favorite parts, I mean, there was a lot of them.
But I like when those, when you heard interviewing those two old ladies and the old lady was talking about
we had no reason to be over there in the first place.
And she just got so fed up.
I don't know if you remember.
She was like, that's the only one I thought about it.
Yeah.
That was awesome.
All right, man.
Everyone's got to go see this movie.
Amen.
Thanks, Connor.
560.560.560 on the AT&T in Horizon Marvel Slot.
I think it's three to five that any case is going to go see the movie.
He's a guy with a social conscience.
The Humphor is going to go see it.
I bet your mogos in season.
You can see it already.
I didn't hear him this morning.
So I know from my friend Moe saw it over the weekend.
I just don't think Galdi will.
I don't think so.
I mean, he got to continue talking sports when they're flying planes
in the world trade center towers and the Pentagon.
I don't think he has much of a social conscience.
Maybe he'll go with Mike Keyton.
Yeah.
Or Jack Martin.
Yeah, one of those guys.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I went and saw it on Saturday.
I really loved it.
The movie theater was just packed.
And I have personally offered to pay for 10 Republicans
because they're going to see it.
They're not almost think me up on the offer.
Really?
But after my way out of the figure, we can get them in there.
And I went and saw this weekend.
Just so that the numbers would be so high.
It would scare the crap out of the Republicans.
So I can't say crap anymore, can I?
Yeah, you can say real quick.
Real quick, I'm sorry about that.
Yeah.
Oh, that's so good.
All right.
Well, have a great deal.
It's a great day, Neil.
OK, have a great day life.
567056, I have no right.
How in 560 on the 18th and 10th Verizon Wireless Line?
What is it that those people are afraid of?
And again, you've got three choices, at least so far.
I'm not necessarily the library books you buy,
or what you hear on the radio, or what
you're going to watch on TV.
Once these fascists get through with it.
Pretty frustrating.
Well, I know, I can understand people who wouldn't go see it.
But I don't think it's this crap we got voting on our poll.
I think I know who they are.
I can see people who don't want to go see
because they don't want to be depressed,
because they already know all about it.
And they did, they've given up.
They realized that Democratic Party sucks.
The Republican Party is ultra dangerous and ultra-finatic.
And we ain't got nothing else.
That's it.
I feel regardless what side you're on.
You got to see this movie anyway.
Unlike the Godfather, we don't have any buffers out there.
They had a lot of buffers.
We don't have any buffers.
We have no but, and anybody that would tell me Ralph Nader,
please, cracker, please, get serious.
Just a pop-ass ol' egotistical ass
on a perpetual power trip, egotrip.
That's all he's all about.
He brings nothing to the table.
56670560, pound 5, it even more.
At least he brings that bad hairpiece to the table.
He brings something every day.
I am listening.
WDQAM, hello.
We owe God.
Yes sir.
Speaking.
Pretty good.
All right.
Well, now I haven't seen the movie yet,
and I'm playing the scenes.
You know, at Dorisco's founding, I guess,
doober or anything.
I just wanted to ask, you know,
I guess it's coming from the right more.
But I've heard that you're saying that a lot of the stuff
that he said has kind of been like word manipulation
is the truth to that of the story.
So this is what?
This is what?
Well, I hear it here, he'll take like snippets
or bits of what some of the people are saying
and kind of manipulate them to make it sound like
something that it's not.
Now I can't give any quotes.
Like, you know, I don't want to say I'm totally informed.
But I'm just listening and I'm, I'm just going to want to,
you know, like an odd opinion.
And I know you're up on a lot of these things.
Are there any truth to the fact to that at all?
I'm still going to see the movie.
I want to see.
No, I wouldn't agree with that thing.
And I'm not objective.
I already went with my own personal agenda
and reinforced it tremendously.
And you have to go see it for yourself.
I can't make that determination
as to how you're going to interpret it.
Sure will I, Steve.
But he's got, look, he's obviously got a viewpoint
and he takes the various snippets
and he puts them together in a way
to make his case.
That's what the movie's all about.
OK.
I understand.
I don't, I don't see anything dishonest about it
or anything that he manufactured.
It's all right there.
It's all the truth.
The more I'm sitting.
Yeah, he's pretty much a bit genius.
I like to see his work.
A couple things about the bird.
Just I haven't seen him myself.
But Neil, you're the best.
And thank you very much.
I think you didn't want to do it.
Oh, sorry.
Let us know how you like it.
You got it, Neil.
Thank you.
See you.
5.6705.50.
I mean, the fact that I loved it,
that I should come as though surprised
because basically Michael, more than I,
like, you know, we see eye to eye.
Pretty much anything that I read in his books
or I watch in his movies, I'm sitting there
high-fiving the TV or the book
or whatever, high-fiving myself.
I asked.
But that's, that's not what's important
because I'm already going to go out there
and divide my tongue until it bleeds and vote for Kerry.
Or 1520, maybe about 30 times as many as I can get through
those daughtering old parts.
They have sitting at the elections, is it?
Right.
I'll just put on here.
Here's the deal.
Put on the Groucho Blasens.
You know what the mustache to hold you?
Yep.
And the big shnauz.
And then, like, take the mustache off and that'll throw them off.
Even if he just had the Groucho Blasens and the shnauz,
if he go in and wants with the mustache on,
and then take the nose off and just had the glasses
and the mustache.
So there's three votes right there.
See?
It's got to work.
No problem.
Because you know the kind of daughtering old fools
they have with those voting precinct.
Oh, my God.
I have a high-price security.
Death plus 50.
Oh!
And you people in Palm Beach County, okay,
you're not allowed to write in Papu, Canada.
I know that's a great disappointment.
He's not running this time.
So please, don't waste your time.
We have those people, those old Jews in Palm Beach County,
we can blame you as if we wanted to,
although quite frankly, your small potatoes,
we can play all those votes for a Papu, Canada.
Anybody wants to do any homework out there
or anybody in your audience?
We don't have time to do it.
We could go online, do a little search,
and find out the number of votes
that Papu, Canada got in Palm Beach County
in the 2000 presidential election.
And you know that even if you say 80% of them were
a mistake, bogeys, even 50% wouldn't it be interesting
to see how many there were?
I don't recall.
Because if the number comes out to more than 527,
which I think is the number they claimed
and pushed one floor to buy,
if it comes out more than that, it's a real problem.
That means we can go to cemetery,
cemetery, and we can say,
you people, you're the ones that gave us all this
stories today and they can just continue
weekly and national retreat
as if they aren't already embarrassed enough and ought to be.
When you be pretty embarrassed,
if you look like in the Delray in cemetery village,
yes, and deservedly so.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T
in Verizon Line, WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hey, I surprised you.
Listen, I hope you're still talking about Michael Moore's
okay, a couple of things.
One, my two daughters, ages 25 and 19,
live in Baltimore, they went to see the movie
Friday Night, Needless to say,
standing ovation and cheers in the plot,
and so on.
But the interesting thing was, outside the movie theater
were tables set up for voter registration.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
I thought that was incredible.
The other thing is, instead of vilifying this
and dismissing Moore, we should be promoting his name
for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Right.
I think he has done more to bring peace in the world
than all the bombs and missiles we could ever possibly make.
Hey, man, well, soon.
OK.
That's all I've found.
I'm going to enjoy your show.
Bye.
There you go.
Michael Moore for Emperor.
I always say, OK, the benevolent emperor
thinks it'd be a hell of a lot better.
He would end the peace on 60 minutes,
last night.
He made a comment.
I know most Americans would be very angry because Americans
love their guns.
They love soccer, they love any peace they
can get their hands on in the gun, too.
But he said Americans have a mental illness
when it comes to guns.
And just in general, they were free to be
together.
They just trust each other.
They're paranoid.
And so they all feel that they have to have weapons.
And then, of course, if they get angry,
it's the first resort.
It's the reason for the peace and blow somebody away.
Now you feel better.
God, I've got your gun.
Yeah, I've got to have your peace.
12 minutes passed known at 5.60 QAM.
5.60.
And look, this is 4.60.
Oh, my God.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 5.60 Q8M.
I was built a race almost the right line.
A good change, I'm going to make it to France.
Gonna be your wife.
And I'm just now ready for the
soon-of-my-lose, new to slow in my life.
I felt a kiss, my cheeks,
and I beneath,
and I am a guy
befriending for the dirty.
I've got a thing for God,
and I've got a dirty heart,
a woman between you.
I'm wild, and by tomorrow,
I hear my song,
a song that I know where I'm going.
And I think you know that I'm
so he got the man in the present.
Oh, right.
I'm here, I'm being a band of friends.
Welcome.
And no message to the band and the crew.
And we want to make you want to come back to France
like we're talking so spend and this way.
That'd be good.
Well, great.
How did it take to get to know him about how to go out
if he actually can fix him?
And he wants to go into the big house.
Who's going to last longer in the slimer?
Michael Jackson or father, what was his name?
Gaegan.
Father John Gaegan.
Do you remember father Gaegan?
Father Gaegan.
I'm going to say him no more.
He won't be letting me list to nobody else no more.
Probably 18 and 560 are going to love this story.
By the way, there are 3,407 votes for Buchanan.
Oh, 3,407.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Now we know what this movie is showing at five theaters
and prom beats County.
Try to straighten your backers out.
All you old years up there at Symmetry Village.
Oh my God.
We better take some extra prunes on the first of November
and get all of that swirl out of your system.
Clean your brains, cleanse your mind.
Welcome back to.
Can you believe that?
That's a lot of votes.
Say it again.
I got to write it down.
3,407.
Okay, let's be generous.
Okay.
Let's say that half of those people
really intended to vote for Papu Kenna.
Let's say that 2,30 of those people.
Okay.
So we'll leave no room for argument.
Let's say, well, let's say 60% because
other people are too hard to do the math.
4,224.
Okay.
2,044.
That leaves 1,400 votes.
The overwhelming majority of which they were all going to go.
4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4
in the worst part of the whole deal is Theresa LaPore is still there, I believe in Palm Beach County, she's still doing it.
And Catherine Harris, she's still doing it, now as a matter of fact, now she's a politician, no less.
You know, she got a good shot there too, she was headed to the Bush election campaign in 2004,
but she just happened to be a charge of devoting that's all.
Wow.
A federal judge offered his profound regretters, they were saying President Bush's rise to power was similar to that of Mussolini and Hitler.
Absolutely correction.
Judge Guitau Calabrecy, what a great name that is Guitau Calabrecy, 71, of the second US Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan,
due an audible gas from lawyers attending Saturday's conviction of the American Constitution Society in Washington, audible gas.
Oh my God.
Which court of the speech in Monday's editions of New York's son.
My remarks were extemporaneous and in hindsight, reasonably could be and indeed have been understood to do something which I did not intend that is take a partisan position
Calabrecy wrote in a letter of apology to Chief Judge John Walker.
Calabrecy, former Dean of Yale Law School, was quoted as saying the US Supreme Court put somebody in power when a ruling had made December 2000,
settled to the speed over where the Bush had defeated Al Gore.
In a way that occurred before but is rare in the US, somebody came to power as a result of the illegitimate acts of a legitimate institution and had the right to put somebody in power.
Calabrecy said the reason I emphasize that is because that's exactly what happened when Mussolini was put in by the King of Italy.
The King of Italy had the right to put Mussolini in the way it not one in election and make him prime minister to the judge continued, that is what happened when Hindenburg put Hitler in.
Calabrecy told the lawyers, I'm not suggesting for a moment that Bush is Hitler, I want to be clear on that, but it is the situation which is extremely unusual.
Calabrecy went on to say that the public should expel Bush from office to cleanse the democratic system.
That's got nothing to do with the politics of it he said, it's got to do with the structural reassertion of democracy.
Calabrecy was quoted as saying, so if you can interpret that in other words nobody ever elected him in the first place, so in order to get us back to like an even keel, let's get him out.
There's just one more good reason, right?
Yeah, why not?
To legitimize the election system in America again.
And one more area that Michael Morrini bashed up on the Democrats and I remember he kept showing a Ghibhart and Tom Dashel sitting there doing nothing.
There were a lot of people doing nothing.
Yeah, absolutely nothing. He said he keeps saying in a movie, well of course the Democrats were there with a vigorous response and they're sitting there with their, you know, looks locked.
He also shows one by one endorsing the resolution to go to war.
I mean John Kerry is going to get my vote but not enthusiastically I'll tell you that this is the problem in the American political system and that is that every four years we have to almost always to a long kids to choose between.
That's why Clinton was such a breath of fresh air even though he was a Philanur who gives a crap, who cares about his banana business, all right? Who cares?
What's it to you?
But compared to the rest of the crap we usually get to choose from, I mean George Herbert Walker Bush and Michael Ducakis, what the hell is that?
What kind of cocka is that?
Richard Nixon and George McGovern?
My God, what are we talking about?
Actually it says, oh look at this, Mike says the day you see Shaw Shank Redemption is the day I see Fair and Night 9-11.
You constantly tell people what to do. Am I telling people that they have to go see it?
No. I'm suggesting I'm urging I'm recommending. I'm not telling you what to do.
Did I just say before you don't want to go see it? You don't have to go see it.
You're doing people a favor, talking about a good mic.
Mike, you're a jackass man. You constantly tell people what to do but you don't take time to see it as something we ask you to watch.
And the kicker is for you as you've had the video in your house for free.
Oh this isn't from Mike. This is from my wife's name.
They used to work on a station. What's his name? Jason.
Remember Fred Jason?
No I don't.
Yeah, he probably preceded both of you guys.
Says you're just like Rush but the opposite. I know he's an addict but you've been arrested.
Says, well that's great. Okay. You ought to be arrested. Okay. For being a jackass.
Schmuck.
What a name. That's Jason. What is Shaw Shank Redemption? What is Shaw Shank Redemption?
You have to do with the Fahrenheit 9-11. They're both movies.
Oh that's a good point.
Here's the data on voters by County and Florida.
Palm Beach. Okay. Somebody just facts this in. Palm Beach County.
Or the hell of the names of the candidate. Oh they're on the first page only so I have to stick this all.
You have to stick it.
You have to stick it and split it.
Palm Beach. That was from Robert Grieper. They'll ask facts. I'm sure of it.
Palm Beach. You're right. If you can't have got 3047 votes.
Is that isn't pathetic or what?
Let's see. Even if he got 70% legit. Okay.
28. 24.
That leaves almost a thousand. That would do it.
Another thousand votes for Gourth. They actually counted them.
They wouldn't have counted them.
No you're right. They would have found some other way. They're like, oh and they never went out to the 527 because I think actually what they were doing is these
Supreme's they were keeping tabs of the account. And when I got a little bit too close you recall that Saturday when he said that the
Florida Supreme Court said start voting again. Start counting. They should have said start voting and start counting again.
And they started to count again and a low and behold it started getting closer because it was like almost 800 or one point and then it was 700 and it was
like 650 and it was 600 and it was like a little over 500. It's okay. Stop. That's it. Hold on.
It's all over. Pinito.
Parents just got a bag at a good crack. Parents Thomas.
That's all it took. This one nice bag. In fact, Zach probably most exactly where they bought it. Huh?
Right there by the Jamaican barbershop on the corner there right in their chucks.
Oh yeah.
26 past noon. Anybody out there that don't care about the movie will want to get some good drugs. Zach will give you the information during this week.
Call during the break.
Because that's why the good things George being on vacation George knows where to get it. He doesn't like to share. He won't tell anybody.
But I'm the Zach of course he's the in-house maven. Yeah, why not?
You know, nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease and yet we owe it to ourselves and our family to be sure that we're in good health.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if detected early. Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
coronary heart scurry and full body screening exams that can detect cancer and other life threatening disease in their early stages.
You don't even need a doctor to referral to do it. And if you got a history of like heart disease or lung disease or other things in your family,
then no matter how over young you may be, it still could be a life saving the deal when you go there.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.966-3600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center they are for your state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI, high speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine and much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving South Florida for 20 years. Their facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center. It could be like I always tell you one of the most important cause you could ever make.
9.5.4.966-3600 for your imaging exam today. 9.5.4.966-3600.
9.5.666-3600.
And the Banana Republic baby only in Miami.
6.5.966-3600.
And the Banana Republic baby only in Miami.
9.5.966-3600.
And the Banana Republic baby only in Miami.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.566-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
9.5.966-3600.
10.2% say they absolutely will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% say they will not watch it.
10.2% mangoto
Queensland
and yada yada yada it's all right on there.
All right so don't worry about coming tomorrow buddy.
No baloney!
Oh man you are, I have never in my life seen anybody like you.
You are trying so hard to back out of this deal.
The first thing I asked you was if I could do it online.
Well I just found this thing.
I don't know, it's just like I asked for the deadline for voter for to sign up for
register and we still haven't got that yet.
This audience is in a coma.
There's obviously going mighty colon and whatever I've ever been shown.
I don't know what the story is.
It might supposed to be like a walking cycle be it or not.
I don't know.
FICE to all I was in selection day today.
That's all I know right here in Canada.
Oh boy if that harper gets in where am I going to go then?
I guess back to Amsterdam.
5607056.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
As those dark folks found in the jungles of Africa no matter how fast you learned to run,
sooner or later they're going to catch you probably sooner.
WDQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
It was good movie wasn't as good as born for calm by now.
Yeah.
I'm not going to say can I get a share with you quite?
No.
5607056.560 pound I mean what a review like that.
It's not based on whether you like it or not it's based on the substance of what you had
to say.
Substance.
Can you smell it?
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Hey.
Neil.
Yes.
It's great to talk to you.
First of all I'd be a little suspicious about somebody coming to somebody's place and trying
to sign them up with voting.
Well go to your local city hall and get ready for the party.
Do you think that Josh Cordis who is trying already to back out and just having somebody
show up and bring him the application.
You think he's going to go to city hall and register to vote?
Is that lazy?
Yes.
Okay.
Well you know I have to give a driver's license to somebody you don't know.
That's a little suspicious too.
Well maybe the guy has just suspended.
How do you know?
This guy obviously has got to something in mind.
Let's see how it unfolds.
By the way Neil I can't vote because I'm in the car.
Can you vote that I will see the movie?
By the way Michael Morris next lecture he said on CNN was HMOs in pharmaceutical cars.
All right I'll make sure I'm going to be for a ride.
Okay thanks a lot Kelly.
Have a great day.
5667 0560, 0560 on a AT&T Verizon line.
So in other words if you don't want to vote stay in the car.
So if you don't want to register just run right out to your car right now Josh and whatever that guy shows up to 30 today.
Tomorrow whatever he shows up you'll just be locked in the car and then you'll be safe.
And maybe you can just crack a window just a little bit and he can slip it to you through the window.
I mean the form to fill out.
Okay.
7238 hello.
Oh he has to go on Neil.
Pretty good.
All right.
The part I got is to force our mini you know brought her home to me.
Is that when that came through I was acting with a pickle truck full of dead babies and women.
Right.
And when that woman was challenged and washed it by the other bitch.
Right.
I said what nerd do she say?
She could have just slapped that bitch in macular as well.
She should have done.
Yeah.
She would have got around her for doing it.
Um, just show me a little.
Thanks Colin.
There's a guy that saw the movie.
There's one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let's see if we get our thousand votes here.
What do we got nine?
What a propitious time.
Let's be my second powers again.
See what we got.
Right on time.
I got a thousand too.
Oh you have?
I got nine nine nine.
My husband refreshed yet.
Let me see if it can be refreshing.
It is so refreshing you couldn't believe it's like air air week.
Thousand four I got now.
What's your take on Michael Moore's movie Furnite 9-11?
Haven't seen it yet but I will see it.
Five hundred fifty nine.
Saw it.
It was sensational.
Two hundred and seventy.
Well, absolutely not wash it.
A hundred and four ten point three percent.
Hardass.
Right wing.
Bush apologists.
Blot on their hands.
Saw it.
It sucked forty one.
That's rubber creeper voting forty one times.
And saw it.
No, I take that back because he didn't see it.
It was just lying.
You're a liar Robert.
You just make it up as you go along.
And saw it was good.
His got.
But third man.
So three hundred out of three forty one.
Which I don't know what percentage it is.
What is that?
Now what it should be because we got some pony votes on it.
But anyway, nationwide 91.
Very good.
Huh?
Very good.
Well, I mean three hundred out of three fifty would be five sevens
which is about seventy percent.
But we got a bunch of Oja from Brock and Turgoyamon there who are
goose and up there for the sod and suck.
And they see they're playing a little game.
Oh, we're going to psycho.
We're going to psych out these people.
We're going to make sure that if enough of us vote that it wasn't any good,
they're not going to waste their eight bucks to go see it.
Well, guess what?
All the people that are anxious to go see it, including the ones who say definitely
will see it, which is over fifty six percent.
They're still going to see it.
Oh, yeah.
It's better to hog your negative comments.
There's nothing like having an opinion.
It's like it's like my saying, hey, what do you think about calamari?
Is that one of your favorite dishes?
Well, I never had calamari.
Okay.
Well, I can accept that.
Oh, it sucks.
Did you read it?
No.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, yeah.
What do you think about Veele Parmesan?
Oh, it's horrible.
Well, once the last time you had it, I never had it.
But it sounds terrible.
I heard it's bad.
Yeah, I heard it's crap.
Although I do like Veele Parmesan.
I love Veele Parmesan.
Mmm.
Well, I've fed people like that kind of stuff.
Of course.
Smothered with cheese and sauce.
Oh, man.
Chicken Parmesan, Veele Parmesan.
I like just plate Parmesan.
Just a plate with the cheese and sauce on it.
I'll take two.
Don't forget this week we got your Ardrami occasion.
So Josh and the exactly lot of crispy cream donuts.
In fact, maybe the Galari brings tomorrow your finger for a lot.
Maybe it brings a dozen crispy creams.
It's kind of like getting the kind of a gift.
The hot, the truck gift.
Yeah.
You think?
Yeah.
Josh, you got a puzzled look in the space.
Well, what does that mean?
When you better be there, you know, I've overseen this project and tell you right now because
I don't know where.
Don't worry.
God only knows what's going to happen when this whole deal goes down tomorrow.
The guy will show up at the application and probably brings some donuts.
It probably turns out to be a good guy.
Okay.
It's no little too close.
20 till two at five, 60 WDQM.
Let me tell you about dry concepts.
I've been using them in my homes for over 20 years now.
It's a long time.
And the reason being they're the best in the world.
Why would you even think about calling anybody else?
If your carpets are a schmussian, believe it.
Your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs and schmutz.
I'll kind of bad things deep down in there.
What you ought to do is make that one easy call to dry concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071.
And they'll drag clean your carpet and same ideas, drag clean your clothing.
Nobody else in the world does that.
The stains go away and they don't come back.
Beware those 595-for-room scams, believe you me.
You're never going to get the same results from those people that you get from dry concepts.
And they don't give you any scams at the end of the deal either.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they stare at you in their fantastic job.
Whether you're carpeting, your area rugs, oriental rugs, drapery, a poultry, all of these things.
So pick up that phone and call them real soon for a stupidness unbeatable job.
And when you're talking dry concepts, be sure and ask them to put you understand
by list which can save you an extra 15% off their already unbeatable price.
Call them toll free 1-800-248-5071.
Or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
This is 420-560.
You ain't got no credit for the call here.
It's a double-one rating.
They've been in the showroom.
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from it.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're about to blow up.
I want your taker and J.F.E.B.
Oh, really?
Is that great, Kodab? I think that's a good joke.
I'll give you one of my old tank fishers.
That's the only call we have.
The thing is that you know this is growing again.
I know, I know, I know.
I know, I know, I know.
Because the thing is growing.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
Almost every day I think.
And my veins are thin and they start to grow.
I annoy them and I don't annoy them.
Yeah, I don't like the fall of the past.
That's because I'm a dreadful child.
And when I know that it's real,
it's with old veins.
It's with the blood of the sea.
And I'm fighting for the best of the world.
We are all in our hands.
We are all in our hands.
We are all in our hands.
We are all in our hands.
What else is going on?
Oh, no!
On 46th and 5th, 60th, W.D. Creme,
here's the fact that I saw the Michael Moore movie this past week.
And the only thing that's showing it in high, in high Alia,
I guess they have someone taking down names.
And the most telling part is W's stomach reacts in the classroom.
After he hears about the second plane and is reading my pet goat book.
What's the right wing bush looking to explain to you for that?
Is that leadership?
The right wing you've seen is from Michael Moore.
Some people, of course, we don't know who, 30 years ago,
him like working for him, so he must be unreliable, evil, or fill in the blank.
I do have children.
I don't want them slaughtered for bush.
That Demoluleo collar is more than welcome to send his kids off to die.
Sounds like natural selection to me.
That's a shot.
If I ever heard one.
I want to see somebody faxes the voter roofing.
Florida, the voter registration deadline.
29 days before the election, which is November 2nd.
So that would be about October 4th?
Something like that.
Maybe October 4th or...
I think I just factored another sheet also.
Yeah.
More dates on it.
Well, one 29 days before November the 2nd, the October 4th.
Don't 31 days have October and the rest don't pay any attention to something like that?
Yes, you're right October 4th.
So this is only the 28th of June.
July, August, September, October.
You got three months plus.
Three months plus a few odd days.
To get your ass with it.
And between now and then we'll buy them.
Huh?
We should get Josh signed up by them.
If he ain't signed up tomorrow afternoon at 2.30 or thereabouts.
And if we don't have...
When a guy comes fight out how long it takes you to get the card back in the mail?
All right.
And then the day that it comes there, he'll show it to George in the card too.
And we'll make a big announcement.
Show.
That's one.
Let's see Tim says, I saw the movie on Friday was impressed.
And I was one of those losers.
I was one of those losers standing out from the Gateway Theatre too.
Let's see, closing date for the elections.
You see, I was right.
Once I got my math right, Tim says October 4th.
The quality of the Broward Supervisor elections website.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Thank you, Tim.
Sean says, in Florida registration closes on the 29th day prior to the election.
Yadi, which is August the October 4th.
Okay?
But for the primary, I'll get a second.
What we don't care about the primary, do we?
No, no.
So thank you.
We finally got around to it.
We got the information.
We're going to get 8 million people.
We're going to have 40 million people voting in Florida by November 2nd.
Everybody in the state's going to vote at least twice, just to be sure.
WQA on Hello.
Joe.
Who is it?
What is it?
It's a deal.
Yes.
Hey, I was calling you because I didn't get to see the movie this weekend.
Yeah.
And what is quite in dear field, I thought it was all going to be like old people in there.
And it was actually a lot of young people.
Oh, right.
That's what we need.
And you know what?
It was a couple of things, a couple of operations.
The Britney Spears, her code in that movie is.
Oh, right.
I was like, I was like, she looked damn good there.
I'll say that.
Yeah, actually, I thought she had a one actually.
But this is also the thing I think that is going to be the most upset about is that Bush,
I mean, he just uses regular clips of his interviews and his best conferences.
And he just comes across as such a total idiot.
He's a guy.
It's like they give him enough rope and he hands himself.
I'm pretty lucky.
We're talking to you.
I want you to get.
And actually, by the way, the New York Times did a fact checking review of the movie.
And I think they found a couple of things which they thought Michael Moore could have done a better job on.
And the one thing was about the Saudi Arabian money.
He doesn't really give a reference where that money comes from, where the figure I think was close to a trillion dollars.
That was one of the things that they thought they was kind of very editorial on his part.
And the second thing was that Bush's presidency was frowned during before 9-11.
That was the other thing that the New York Times thought that maybe he just went a little bit overboard on.
But everything else they checked out in the movie is they thought the book was good.
Yeah, but that was early in the movie.
And didn't they show the charts showing his popularity dropping?
I mean, I don't remember what the numbers were.
And when I see it again, I'll be sure and watch that part more closely.
But it seemed to me that they showed actual graphs to show what the numbers were.
Yeah, you're right.
But I guess there's the only two things that they found that were not based on factual information.
And let me give you another story about John Ashcroff.
There was going to use in the movie.
This is how accurate the movie is.
There was going to use the fact that he did not fly commercially before 9-11.
And then his scheme of people that actually do all the fact checking actually found out that he flew twice commercially in the summer of 2001.
Therefore, they did not put it in the movie.
That's how accurate the movie is.
But they did not want to put something in there that was not based on facts.
Ashcroff did fly commercially before 9-11.
That's true.
Anybody who says the movie is a bunch of lies is just afraid of the truth.
That's their problem.
That's absolutely right.
Thank you all, Colin.
Have a great time.
152-560-W.
Again, I just recommended I saw it and I thought it was great.
It was spectacular since the station was outstanding.
Like all of Michael Moore's work.
And if we had a thousand people like him in this country,
things would be hell of a lot better right now, eh?
That's right.
If we had 50.
But we don't.
We got bait and of course if the Democratic Party had just a handful,
just five or six or maybe just one would have been good on that pay-full day, huh?
After the Supreme Court decided to appoint a president.
Just one Democratic Senator.
And again, I sure like to know what John Kerry is saying about that.
Probably not much.
152-560-W.
It's still not too late to change by the way.
Howard Dean is still waiting for that phone call.
He came on yesterday right on National TV and said,
hey, guess what?
I was right.
Why do you were wrong?
Give me crap.
We're going to South Carolina.
I'm going to Luma.
And I was going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to South Dakota.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
I'm going to Luma.
He started to look better by a minute, you know what?
Of course all my best friends are all named Howard.
Absolutely.
152-560-W.
It's summertime.
It's getting longer and nicer and shorter, which means it is so important for you to get a good night's sleep.
If you're not sleeping as well as you would like call 1-800-MACRIS today because millions of people, smart people,
and maybe some not all I've burdened you don't have to be a genius.
They figured it out.
They called 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting.
It's the easiest possible way to guarantee a great night's sleep, save time, save money, improve your productivity,
and bring you this position because you're going to sleep every night like a baby.
Dallarmatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS you'll get the best prices on the best brands,
you'll deliver you on your schedule in the best customer service in the universe.
And Dallarmatris carries only the top names in a business.
They got them all, Seeming, Surtid, King Coil, Simmons, Teppir, Pete, Experts, and Foster Hewitt.
From Candlestore to Palm Beach to Ford Myers-Dallarmatris will deliver right to your door.
They'll find this betting around.
They take away the crappy sore little betting and set up your brand new one for you.
Everybody at 2-M and anybody with a brain is called 1-800-MACRIS for our beds.
You ought to be doing the same.
If you want more info or if you want to just do it online, log on to their website,
www.nacris.com or give them a call right now at 1-800-MACRIS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Dallarmatris and Logos, this is 4-205-60-MACRIS 1-800-MACRIS.
Come any worse than needle roggers.
All the windows here is now in every bed, chatted to the f**k,
then the SBC went in through a bed,
all the things that fit nothing every night,
things that you b***** and John said,
have the CSS.
We have had enough.
Yes.
We have had enough.
We're interior s**t, freedom totally lost.
If I say c***** I am totally f*****,
so free to have one bottle of love,
because the SBC is from Biop**,
I keep asking myself,
wondering how it goes to shoulder,
and guys can see what,
the humping desire is just throwing it down,
the SBC is from Biop**,
my gold town,
the SBC is from bone and toe,
all the things that fit nothing every night,
things that you b***** and John said,
have the CSS.
Where is there a bed,
all the things that fit nothing every night,
things that you b***** and John said,
have the CSS.
We have had enough.
So great column by Marine Doudits on our website,
I don't have time to read it,
are they losing it,
but there's just one paragraph,
the conservators of Feny-Mr. Cheney
for his use of the afford against the perfectly heated,
are largely the same crowd that went off the deep end,
because of a glimpse of a breast on the Super Bowl,
demanding everything from pines to new regulations
to protect red states from blue language.
He's really good.
Anyway, what have we got on a poll?
What's your take on Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11?
You better go see it if you're smart.
1157 votes.
Haven't seen the Epo-Will-See at 599.
Saw it was sensational,
373, that's the obvious correct answer for anybody
with a brain in an open mind,
or even like half a brain.
Well, absolutely not watch it 109,
9.4%, but saw it sucks.
See, they're like moving around on that again to
try to persuade anybody from seeing it.
45, so that saw it was good, 31.
I'm hearing the man does come to me.
I'm hearing Tee, he saw it on Friday, Saturday,
and like at 415 to 7th noon,
he's probably going to be one of those losers
standing online and four-large.
Bye, bye, bye!
We're going to play a show on the hotline,
so we need to wait out in the night for a little more.
It's not going to be like a Tasha Hose,
holding a big black gold bill,
while you're trying to do an update.
No!
