Oh, oh!
Sister-Gee, the Da top shore.
Song and none with Happy Eight.
Jumped the gyre in 2oroopie.
Sister-Gee, the Da Top shore.
Sister-Gee is ec کر place,
DaddyENCE Kaks overlap談,
Paul Ridd out the way to lead.
She can shake that tasty mii.
She's right inside a blind invite looking like a real cool dancing pool
Look at her go swing it high and low with the boy red father or two
Ooooooo
Stringy, the dance machine, the dancing and her only thing
Do not do off your feet when you hear her well and sing
I thought a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turned me on
I know it sounds happy that I'm so not
Bad you when it is gone
Stringy, the swing of mud, her shake of bouncing, so not fun
Bad ain't bad for 85, bands at none can really fly
Stringy, the dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, she's 13
The dance machine, the dance machine
Ten oh two at five sixty WQM, this is the day that we've been waiting for
These are the triumphs that time ends shoes
It was still a habit I wanted to have to kill
Somehow we don't, hour and twenty minutes, going to my clock
Berry University leader were tires after 23 years of unconventional leadership
Big stories and both newspapers today
Sister teen that dance machine, she's hanging up them dance and shoes
When she first got to Berry University 1981, the small catlick school was in deep financial
hole her solution on the bet that I'm saying don't cry from the Argentine on a yacht
They thought she was like Hindu as Cita Cruz
While wearing a white dress and a feather boa
A rendition that earned a school of one and a half million dollars using a rather unconventional methods
O'Locklin has helped raise more than two hundred million dollars for Berry University
over the years
How do you like that?
But her most famous intervention came in 2000 when she acted as mediator between the Miami relatives of Elia Nito Gonzalez and his Cuban grandma's the Abuela's
Who were locked in a heated international custody battle over the child
She advised her good friend and then U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno her good pal her gal pal
To keep the boy at the United States later explaining that she had looked into the 60-year-old sad dark eyes and saw
Pain for this should be see thousands of letters and emails some raging against her decision raging against that Catholic machine
So she's a step-in-down like it's a big news to her and I gave us the news to play that right
Yeah, we'll take it and also I had to put that little
I did too everything we I'm thinking that during the summer months. I'm gonna make me a project, you know
Yeah, and I'm gonna like reservoir like this many well like I did with that Bill cigar and Monica's that one
For huh, yeah, they can be done where there's a will there's a there's a va
Like I'll tell you right now speaking of a va eight U.S. troops died in a car bombing today and two others killed in separate instance in Iraq according to U.S. Military
The car bombing south of Baghdad also wounded four of the troops
ours earlier in eastern Baghdad a rocket propelled grenade attack killed U.S. soldier from the first calorie
An attack in Buckebaan north of Baghdad killed another U.S. soldier U.S. military official said so we're talking 10
With the death 737 U.S. troops have been killed in the Iraq war 534 from hostile fire
203 and unhustled in since corny U.S. military figures as the numbers just keep pulling on it's now double digits on several days
Well, what can I tell you?
Denise Crosby I can tell you that she's our behind-to-beeted curtain gal
speaking of butch
These Crosby's on air if you're over the eight to four hundred and twenty two and you got 17 pieces of i.d. to prove it and
Letters from all your grandparents in your whole family tree if the beastlies wrote you letter
Then good luck to then you can take a quick peek
Denise Crosby is behind-to-beeted curtain she was born of ebber 24th
1957 which makes her 40 a six
And looks every minute of it
She's Denise a hairy Crosby and I got a great line. I could a year back in the day
But I can't see her right now especially if you look at that picture
But anyway, we'll just pretend you said it. Okay
She's been all over the place legend of the phantom rider
Two thousand two the bus stops here Star Trek. I'm our moda
Star Trek the next generation companion the rockford file if it bleeds it leads the channel seven story
divorce a contemporary western deep impact don't want to touch that
Chance of a lifetime pumpkin man. A lot of these are made for TV crap Jackie Brown executive power the red shoe diaries for on the flow
And so many moe. I mean just the man. I take a month. They she sure gets a lot of work
We did anyway. She's working it. Pat cemetery skin deep Arizona heat crimes on miracle mile star trek the next generation the last generation
eliminators and center I could I could really get a write-up to love him 30 just reading the credits. They're but I'm not gonna do
Well, let's go to 1115
Let's say here David says yesterday you were asking about the development around the Miami Herald area the development is
incredible. They have museums cultural arts centers and every model omniball
The area from over the Miami Herald North along viscane boulevard in northwest 36th week is the new brickle
They're putting up new office buildings condos and such anything along viscane boulevard east of the Bay is
Primeral state will be developed in the coming year in addition downtown Miami's being read on the new pond classes
It's vacant right now awaiting to be torn down and be built with the row of condos or offices and shopping over the next year
There are to be a total of 14 had been new condos downtown which brings up the need for malls and such
Downtown Miami is happening baby, which is why I live in Kindles is David
Well, thank God because it's not crowded in Canada
It's not congested good luck David you'll need it
See I asked him we got a response downtown be happening man
It looks like tomorrow is gonna get a new stadium not downtown by the orange bull look at him that
Okay, let's see today's poll or I guess we got to do yesterday's poll right? I'm a little bit tell you know
I know we're all anxious under a lot of stress here today did the muff master plus the crew heading the door yet
I
Because he had to go for his
Electro shock treatment this morning on the day that the book comes out he always has to undergo that
Which in these people bested a fits the description of being too black we asked yesterday pretty good response 1336 vote
Look at the people didn't get any any Murphy and Bill Russell didn't get one well
Louis Farrican 254 he wins pretty easy beyond Sanders
Must be a money Dion 172 or those Pimp suits you'd be wearing Al Sharpton 139
Jesse Jackson 126 Spike Lee 120
Those were the contenders all the others were the pretenders remember the pretenders. Yeah, I did
50 cent had 66 cent
Miriam Olafan 53 Johnny Cochrane 49 Mike Tyson 38
Michael Irving 32 Don King with a frequent 27 Bobby Brown who'd like to go downtown and beat somebody up 23
Warren chroma did it quote 22 nice going chroma man
The chroma and OJ Simpson 21 Jim Brown 20 likes to not walk a knock women down Jim Brown
Brian Cox 18
Our Cineo Hall 17 p. Diddy. Oh, we never change that. That's okay. Cut daddy. Call him just a a puff hole
Our Cineo 17 puffed the whole daddy 17 more and set 17 star Jones 14
Chris rock 13 Esther roll 13 she and having no more good times James Brown 11
He likes to fall down vision Victor Curry had 10 nice going fish
Will Smith 9 Alan keys 9 self-hating
J. G Walker 9 Patrick Ewing 6 Bill Cosby 5 and I'll be caught in the great paper anymore Josh. That's bad
Bill Cosby 5 send a misdue in your four Chuck D had appeared like I said Eddie Murphy Bill Russell both had the big oh sorry about that
That's really ashamed I'm gonna any Murphy not have any
The heck I still like Eddie Murphy right they feel bad for him
Like a professional that a professional
I see and now we got for your amusement and perusman in fact what we ought to do is probably just play these new droppings into 11 30
Yeah
Yeah, we can play like a whole part again. Yeah
Yeah, we can and maybe we will be playing that one about 11 35 you never know
We'll see we have no idea the numbers that come out the winner book is coming out today
And this is a particularly what is a lot of radio crap going on just in case you've been hiding out in a cave somewhere
You've been doing the Dalai Lama impersonation or the ostrich routine
For the flamingo routine at high a Leah with your head very deep in the ground
Viacom president and C. Oh, oh, oh, Mel Carmeson last out against the FCC's recent crackdown on broadcast in decency
During an interview session conducted by the New Yorker magazines Ken Allala Alueta Alaweta
Alaweta during an event titled a conversation with Mel Carmeson hosted by the SI new house school of
Public communications Carmeson said that Viacom doesn't broadcast in decency
Which he noted was defined by the FCC as a discussion of sex or expatory matter with a patently offensive manner
We're fighting in Iraq for freedom Carmeson pointed out if it doesn't appeal to you shut the radio off
Just because you don't like the words anal sex doesn't make it indecent
Noting that many journalists have not been supportive of the first amendment. He said we think this is a very slippery slope
That's right. Mel hang on because they we can all feel ourselves sliding right down it right now. Let go
It's a slippery slope
It's air america's CE oh mark wall shrips rush limbaugh big fat ass. He says rush is a big fat liar
And according to wash them by yesterday no surprise here was using his airtime to laugh at their fumbles at air america
Air america's flagship show a three-hour broadcast during comic and author al franken competes against big fat rush
Rush is a big fat liar just like al franken said walls told the Washington Post apparently
Rush saw a C-span show
I did where I said one of the reasons that right wing radio dominates radio so well is they have a lot of talent that rush is very good
A radio he's an entertainer not a pundit and now because I praise the right wing host. He says I'm getting
Schmidt canned
I think the oxy cotton is kicked in because it takes a drug-addled mind to think of something like that
How do you like that the oxy cotton is fine to kick it in woman that's going honey and a couple of more radio things
Well the story you mentioned the other day it's not really worth wasting a lot of time on them and week a centos and jopher ero fine four grand last week
By they were the prank phone conversation with castor on here without notifying castor other
Cuban government officials that they put them on a year. Oh while they made a big a publicity stunt out of it. What a surprise
And now they've elected to pay the fine with 400,000 pennies donated by listeners at live broadcast
From a highly afferniture store hell the yesterday. This will allow listeners the chance
To display their discreet with the FCC's decision and stand in solidarity and support for in rickian joe
WSDJ said to press release as once again
Try to siphon all the publicity we possibly can from something egregious because the spanish language stations ever do nothing wrong
Do that no way no way Jose
marty
and
Two more Florida pirates find by the FCC. How do you like that? Oh, we're fine
Naples Florida resident Jason green was fine
$10,000 by the commission for operating an unlicensed radio estacion in the city of naples at
91.9 on your FM band
Concurrently the FCC said at $10,000 five to mommy resident Gary Feldman
Cut it out Gary for broadcasting without a license on the 91.9 frequency in date county
Green and Feldman each have about 30 days to be spotted the notices of apparent liability 10 grand apiece pay up or get out
That's my comment. Okay
These pirate radio clowns man these radio holes
Make you want to puke
All the people at twirl in this business spend a fortune. Of course we leave the beesleys out on that because how much how many dollars they spend in our equipment
Almost everything that studio except the you know the bare bones basic the board
Those old cart machines other than that I paid for in that studio that you're sitting in right now see
Pretty embarrassing although I will say the beesleys paid for everything in here that I can see except the supplies
And this video sure is how it got yours be by a long shot. Sorry
1013 at 560 wqm. Let's face it you can hear me talk about fast train for a very long time now and after the book comes out today
Probably a lot of radio people be looking
Probably wonder if maybe computer industry makes sense for you the fact is simple if you have the dedication fast train can provide you with the necessary training
And they can help you achieve a brand new high-paying computer career and they can do it in just four short months
That's right by the end of the summer you can be on your way and making some serious cash
Face fast trains got daynatter weekend classes and financial assistance for people to qualify once you complete your classes
Fast train will even assist you in getting you that new computer job at a real life
It's really that easy just pick up a phone call fast train toll-free
1-866 fast train be sure mentioned Todd directs name
They got seven locations all over the state including seven in south florida. So there's bound to be one nearby you there in my any kindle
There you go David Fort Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines. So there's bound to be one nearby you check them on the web
If you like it fast train or come in and make that call it can really change your life if you're a big boost call pull-free
1-866 fast train
And look all this is 4-205-60
Hey buddy have a heart or a liver
No
You call your bucks to fill my SUV the price of unrelated keeps going up
It's my car
I can't feel a
Yeah
My hands are shaky and my knee is a week
I have to walk to work on my own to be this cheaper just to call a dope truck of my car
I can't feel
Hey
Oh please don't ask me what's on my mind
Yes prices are up cost of 2.29
There's no more joy right no money is left these open guys they stand me to death across the land
We should all buy a cup this higher price until they make the stuff
Oh this makes me just want to throw up because my car
I can't feel a
Oh
Oh
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
I can't feel a
10-18-5-60
I never thought that was gonna end you know what he just kept it once he got rolling man
What's about it to last an hour
Exactly we're an hour and 12 minutes would be good
That's how long we got to go to 11 30 till 11 members start per claim it duck sticker head in the door yet or what
No
Well if he does just close it on real quick okay it'll read the pressure
Look for the Q-M band today noon till one it build usery motors located at 300 almyra avenue and curl gables
Almyria avenue. I'm sorry. So sorry almyria
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the marlins and the Dodgers next to the day courtesy the real yellow pages from bell south
That's the marlins who won again yesterday in Colorado no less one the series
And let's see we got another Marlin game this afternoon, but the bad news being for us that they don't search till a 405 pre game
It we got the mad dog at 2 to 3 30 for now and a half. He'll come in make his presence. Oh right 3 30 got Marlins on deck Marlins at the giants
They read match it last years of NCLS
405 and then you got hurricane hotline 7 o'clock the big 8 to 10 2 hours. That's plenty and it eca after that
Police in Los Angeles issued an alert that a shopping center on the city's west side
Could be a target of a possible terrorist threat as early as today
Oh my god
The veracity of the threat and up and verified as of late last night
However the LAP needs said would have extra patrols on the streets
And urge the public to be aware of their surrounding especially in the upscale westwood area of LA
Presidents of the area were urged to be on the lookout for suspicious bands or rental trucks and for anyone who appeared to be cause
Uh, casing a potential target addressed in heavy clothing or carrying a heavy backpack or double bag
Or maybe like an umbrella remember the umbrella man and damas. Nope
1963. No, that ever read about that. I thought you're talking about the soap opera
West Los Angeles is a general term for sprawling here that includes landmarks like Beverly Hills the UCLA campus
Santa Monica the Museum of tolerance and Los Angeles International Airport. Oh my god
So there you go keep well. I'll keep you abreast of that situation. Can I say that?
No, good. Huh? No
There's a book got a couple of books that we just added onto our website there recommended reading. I think three of them to be exact
One of them is the John Dean bag a jean John Dean bag book
Uh worst in Watergate
Okay, your cartoon was the magnificent by the way the one we're changing their testifying in front of the 9-11 commission
And here's a big fat big chase sitting behind a desk and they're saying oh well
We have we actually have another chair for the president and
Can you say oh we're fine. We're fine. Oh, we're fine. His bush is like a little monkey in his jacket pocket
That's a taric. It'll be on the site. He's like a little monkey
A little munchkin in the old v-smirking chip pocket. Yeah, that's murking chip
That's him anyway in this book spinning on the axis of evil by Scott Taylor
Best selling author and award-winning journalist america's war against direct if I can just indulge a couple of minutes here
It'll kill some time
It won't take long at all just one and a little bit few paragraphs, okay? Okay
Never was the media truth more manipulated than during the staged statue toppling scene April 9th
It was meant to symbolize the end of Sodom's regime
Watching CNN senior correspondent Christiana Amampur give a live report on these supposedly spontaneous incident
I suspected this would be one of the US's largest staged news events
What a coincidence for a monpour and recruit to be on hand in freddo square to capture on video
A mob of Iraqis that they try to bring down a large statue of Sodom
Unable to achieve this feat alone a detachment of US Marines just happened to be in the area to lend a hand
I listened incredulously as I'm on poor told CNN's viewers that this was
Baghdad central square and that this particular statue was deeply symbolic to the Iraqi people
As freddo square sits between the Sheraton and the Palestine hotels
I was very familiar with it
Conquerator her claims freddo square certainly was not in the center of Baghdad
The real city center revolution square was some two kilometers away
And was still very much out of the control of Sodom loyalists
Furthermore this particular statue was cast from a standard mold and identical copies could be found all over Iraq
In fact up until the previous October when the statue of interacted freddo squared to nothing more than an empty traffic circle
What other media outlets housed in the Palestine hotel began broadcasting images of the statues toppling
They actually provided a different perspective
I've pulling back from the action it became obvious that the Iraqi mob was in fact just a tiny crowd
American tanks completely surrounded the square so the Iraqis were operating inside a protected perimeter
Warner Raki who can't enough for the cameras by banging his shoe on the toppled Sodom was later recognized to be one of
Ahmed Shalabi's INC bodyguards
Two days earlier the same individual wearing the same shirt had appeared beside the Iraqi national Congress president when he returned to the town of Nasiria
As became clearly evident the incident at freddo square had been orchestrated by the US military in conjunction with CNN
What it would certainly not pull Iraq citizens it effectively convinced North American audiences that the war was over
Bring that evening's newscast global television anchor Kevin Newman interviewed
Corresponded Packard Graham one of the few Canadian reporters who would stuck it out in Baghdad
From the Palestine hotel's rooftop grammar explained how this particular incident had involved only a handful of Iraqis
He went on to say that in reality the Fedi'in Fedi'in fighter still controlled most of Baghdad
Nevertheless the following morning virtually every North American headline read Sodom toppled and CNN had switched its war in Iraq
The logo to a new Iraq rebuilds instead of waiting for the Iraqis to rise up on mass to celebrate their so-called liberation
The Bush administration had decided the time was right to start celebrating for them
I just mentioned that in passing
Spitting on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq by Scott Taylor. Call me lies
At any rate
Okay, here's today's poll where we got a lot of fish to fry the next hour in the six minutes, but who's counting?
That sounds good. Well, let's see we did the number on the gaze the Jews the air Cubans the blacks
Which person best fits the description the ultimate redneck
Array
Billy Ray Cyrus Toby Keith those are the two starters we got and then you can add on as you as you are
Proves Denise Krosby in her butch looked there behind a beard curtain today. They can pile on they can just pile right on
56705 60 pound five 60 on a 18 T and T and for rise in line
Marlins is near deal for a new ballpark and ain't got to cost me a dime all right
Date County in the city of Miami were close to financing a deal with the marlins early yesterday to build a new baseball
State him near the orange bull, but enough snacks had developed by later in the day to send them back to the negotiating table
They're close to a final deal but not quite they're on the verge a red on the edge
The remaining parts of discussion who will pay for the parking garage. Oh, George will take care of that
Yeah, I got it right here and how much money from the potential sale of the city on Miami arena would go toward the project
Still County manager George Burgess said and Miami Mayor Mani Diaz said
They were hopeful signs of reach agreement perhaps as soon as today and the best part of the deal is
Mani Diaz is if they come up a few a hundred thousand short his kid will print up the money
Diaz said we're very close. It's very fluid when all is said and done will have a working agreement
It could be tomorrow could be a week from now, but it's very very soon city manager Joe Ariola see more pessimistic saying much of the proposal had to be
We negotiated because the marlins failed to secure a key part of funding Wednesday a 60 million dollar state sales tax rebate
Gaudi adi adi adi goes on and Sensen said this and lobbyist William McKinley said it William McKinley is the lobbyist
I don't like that. I thought that first shot
But I guess not, huh? He's still a lobby. Thanks
So we got just an hour to go baby tell those numbers start coming in then we'll see then we'll find out whose
What on whom you know the naughty who's been nice. That's correct. That is absolutely positively
26 after 10 at 560 WQM and a man is looking for some month and put on his head a dead animal is not a good idea
Moe, you know what I mean? Absolutely. I knew you would
Charles Alfie Erie designed and supplied the best looking air systems to show his people for more than 35 years
He's been all over on the big shows on TV. Good morning America. They today show CBS morning news
Introducing his patented exclusive hair system that offers you guys the most amazing natural hair line system
You can find the most critical area if any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is so great
Look at it's a hundred percent
Undetectable. I see when you got the much read on your head it keeps moving around so the hairline don't look exactly what you call
Too natural if you catch my drift
Charlie's guaranteed you is this you try his hair system for 30 days
For a month if you don't love the way it looks feels smells all of these things
If you're not getting so much action just about worn out Charlie will you just return to him and give you a full refund
No questions asked so what he got to lose beside that big shiny vault spot or that mouse
He looking piece of wearing right now Charlie also services and repairs existing hair system including shampoo and trim
Femm
So don't delay call Charlie day and change your life forever call tool free
You can look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again call
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 that's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or on the web you'll find a match
Charles a Fieri dot com
My life and look all this is 4 205 city
I urge everyone to complain to this station that's my opinion I'm like Disney
All right
But now it's run by greedy corporate holes
Then we dare about the bottom by not you
They are all different
Different power has no end
In fantasy
Always had he pushes friends
And so what's been for you the weird day
Tell me all the tales
Your brain was wired up
Play me on the film
They come in and
They try to kill the lady of stars
They're going to be a crazy girl star
If they're going in and they're telling this gun
They don't say no matter where you are
The micro baby you want to take its place
They hold the center like the woman out in place
And find the way for thousands hours in the fan
And do my quick take it goes all the way to the end
Okay, oh yeah
Not in this full of friends
They're telling you the lady of stars
They're telling you the lady of stars
They're telling you the lady of stars
They're telling you the lady of stars
10.32 we got 58 minutes in count
Dennis Rodman is the ultimate redneck
I think maybe he's a little late
John and Columbia South Carolina are faxing fool
You fool man that was for yesterday's poll
You idiot
Anyway the ultimate redneck George W. Bush says this facts
They're bringing on
Yeah, I would certainly agree with that
And he'll win hands down
But that's all right
George W. Bush let's get him on there right away
I'll president say
Right Neckie
We're going to smoke him out of their holes
Jeff Foxworthy is a good one
And also the chairman of the NRA
Wayne Loth P. E. R. Jr
No relation to a John Mars Jr
Or Neil McCrann
Okay, Wayne I beg your pardon
Wayne Loth P. E. R.
And this is not spelled correctly
We left the eye out
But then again even Josh would know that
How to spell a lot
He left out the
They say two good ones
They're Jeff Foxworthy
We better start building this list
Because once we get sidetracked
And the funniest facts
The most amusing facts in the history of them
This puts such a smile on my purse when I saw this
You're walking the book Neil
Signed up
Are you ready for that?
No, I'm sorry
Can I translate this one?
What this means is
Please get a gigantic number
Because we're counting on your fat ass
To bail out the
Morning and the night
You know the afternoon I've got to do pretty good
Mad dog and the Humper
They'll do just fine
But the mornings and the nights
So please Neil please
We're counting on you again to go back to those big
gigantic numbers
And on your big fat old
Templiass bail our ass off
Please
Well, I'll do my best
WQAM
Hello
QAM
Not there
WQAM
Hello
Hey, Dylan
Pretty good
Big story tonight on the front line
You're going to want to say
Called the Jesus factor
It's about
How they made a conscious decision
The Republicans
Throughout since Reagan
And that they believe that they can win
The presidency just based on that vote alone
Even though it's only 20 million people
But
Well, that's good they can have all 20 million
Those are the rest of us vote for Kerry
Yeah, for sure
I don't think they can win it alone
But it's an interesting front line
You got to watch it
Okay
Thanks
Thanks
WQAM
Hello
Good old Billy Bop
Billy Bop thorns and good one
Thank you, pali
In fact wouldn't it be kind of a redneck
You think to say
Hi, how are you?
I can see that in a good old western
You know, hi, pali
I never thought of Jeff
Hi is a westerner myself
But nevertheless
Maybe he's like from West Buffalo
Sorry, walked like a cowboy
Like cheek to white
I never seen no cowboy walk like that
Oh, you mean kind of like side saddle
Right, waddling
He walks kind of like with that
Walk in the stick kind of like slide saddle
Bow like it
WQAM, hello
Yes, sir
I think I needed that
Nominate everyone in NASCAR
But specifically Dale
Earn hard to
Dale Earnhardt Jr
He is your
Thank you so much
You all come back now here
All right
You all come back now
You're here
You got to love it up here in Nashville
And there's two kind of folks there
Them folks from New York and them Jews
And then there's us folks here in Nashville
Oh man, what a place
Yeah, that month that I lived there
That seemed like about 45 years
That was just
No, seriously, I told you that story about the night that I left
I thought I was a dead man
Because I was at the time coming back to Miami
Although I was going to go to Philadelphia
I told you that story
My furniture was on a way to Philly
And Dick Casper talking to you coming back to Miami
Which is well whatever it was
And so I had moved out of my apartment
All and all my stuff
My furniture was on a way to Philly
And then had to be rerouted, rerouted
And so I stayed the last night in a hotel
And motel
So I'm walking from the
Just out of the radio station
I start crossing the street and a cop comes over
And Nashville cop and he says
You were working there?
W, what was the name of the station?
I don't know
WLS
No, W, oh my god, I can't believe I can't remember the name of that station
Big 50,000 watts
WLAC
I said yeah, I'm working there
He said you know where I can find that Neil Rogers
And all of a sudden at that moment my life was flashing me for my eyes
And then the rest of my army of Rogers
I don't know why I did it
Because he caught me off guard
And he went on
He couldn't get away from him for 10 minutes
Well my gosh since you came to town
I'm so
I've said that you're leaving
You've taught me all
Whole new attitudes about blacks
And gays and this and in life
And you know when you grow up here in this town
You have such periculitude
And this guy was great
I thought you were going to tell me how he chased you out of town
With banjo music chasing you all the way
No, that was the next guy down the block
He didn't get to me at all
No, that was the beastlies
5,670, 5,60
Let's see, I better vote for somebody here
I think
Well you know it's
W don't need my help
Jeff Fox, we're going to have Toby Keith
Okay, he's just too red-nucky for all of us
Did we get the Ironheart Jr yet?
Yeah, that'll be on your momentarily
Right Josh, I'm sure we'll
We're beating Beasy Eaton from Howey
Oh you're Beasy Eaton from Howey
Thanks to Howey
I thought you were going to win Arle today
That's today
Next week
Wayne Arle of Perrier
As he came to Jacques La Perrier
By the way, how about those leaves
I told you
No, he didn't, I never thought they'd do it
But they looked pretty good last night
If he felly 4 to 1, kicked their ass
You're pretty excited about aren't you
What?
Colorado overtime
What a... I didn't watch that game at all
What a snoozer that must have been
Scorla's game
Colorado beat San Jose to just barely cling alive
One nothing
Wow
WQA and Hello
5,670, 5,60
Is this count 5,60 on the AT&T
And for eyes of Marvel slime, that's us
Uh, yeah, like the nomination one
Yes
The Stone Cold Steve Austin
Steve Austin
Stone Cold, yeah
Stone Cold, that's what he ought to be
Okay, thank you
Oh, that...
Geez
Oh, people are still bad
Why do you know I got that quick finger man
Right, good
And especially since all the censoring crap got started
I'm gonna have a real quick finger
I had it sharpened up just for the
For these trying times in which we live
You know
Got a lot of trouble
I had it sharpened up in my finger too
Oh, that's a quadruple on time
You can't say that
Can't say that
You comedy pincoe bastard you
Sorry, paly, I'm sorry I cut you off
But I thought you'd be done
Now what did he say?
He was that
Steve Austin
Stone Cold
Stone Cold Steve
He is
Come in a QA and hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Couple comments and a nomination for you
Go right ahead
Number one is on sister G
She was on 10 last night news
She was dancing I thought of you then
And the name is street after her
Alas
Right
Seconded after Bill Henry last night
With a caller called in
Who was a
Hacker duty military ass
And what
Gives him, you know, any kind of condition to be
You know
Uh
This and the
Uh
I think for what they've been doing
Have been reencourting
Because he claims he says he has a
Tax barriers every right to the man that
And I'm the
Rousation
Yes
Andy Griffith
Andy Griffith is pretty Yahui
Thank you
Good one, thank you
Andy Griffith Yahui
And all I'm sure that you like like he ha
And Beverly Hillbillies and green acres
Net that crowd
No comparison
With what?
Beverly Hillbillies is an outstanding show
It's a parody of all of us
Oh
You've never watched it
Here's two more good ones
You're right
I wouldn't watch it if you paid me by the minute
Nero Wall Trip
Or Terry Bradshaw
I don't think Terry Bradshaw is
Well, yeah, he is
He's a redneck
He's a dumb
But he's a dumb redneck
Oh, I'm sorry to be
redundant
Daryl Wall Trip or Terry Bradshaw
Strom Thurman
It's a maybe dead
But his memory lives on as the ultimate redneck
P.S. Deadwood Marathon
H.B.
Oh
Right night
What is he
I'm not going to be able to see it
But you will, I'm sure you'll be glued to it, right
No, I'm going to go out and spoke crack
I'll try to night
20 before 11
That's only 50 minutes away from that gigantic moment
I bet you'd enough is farting up a storm in here
In fact, he and Clarence are probably like
Sniff it across the hall each other, you know
Probably making sounds that we most definitely cannot
No
Play on the ear
No
Exactly, that kind
That guilty man, he's just
And I believe that went out
What
Up from my uh
I told you
Oh there, I got well with the smack, I like that better
Oh do you
No
Well here's the real story
Mother's Day is right around the corner if you're looking for a gift for mom to show her how creative and thoughtful you are
Settlery Vermont teddy bear may just for her
Like the mama's boy bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo
Or the moon mom for president bear
Can I say mo
Moom mom
Mo
A friendly bear coupler is waiting to take your call at 1-800-829
Bear in a happy tailor a bear just for your mom, your wife or grandma
They got over 100 bears each hand crafted in Vermont
And guaranteed for life delivered with free gourmet candy and a gift card
Dad it's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother in cup said is a perfect idea
Choose any number of cups and personalize each one with a name
Sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative, the smart alternative to sending flowers which are dead
In no time at all and so keep the bear forever
So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
That's 1-800-829-BEA
And be sure and tell them please that old Neil told you to call
My big local
This is 560
The radio is on your
Q-A-M
Q-A-M
Q-A-M
The Indian you to read that's what I created the tab
Now the top of these are you the red man man
Sitting on the front porch hair down my back
14 shitties up on the jet
I drink that beer never get full
All day long at the tractor pull
Clans all home ever since the bus
Saturday come gonna marry my cousin
I was to have the wedding at the 4th of our face
Got drunk last night almost at our needle hit my double
Why the names on my belt and a John Deere hand
Sixteen balls and thirty gins
Going through the bank to get some bucks
I won't take your videos on my profile
When he's finished for my and in a 40 mile
He likes to throw his vision at the top of the highway side
I tailgate and I be for to read them signs
Baby of bored
I hate them signs that make me nervous
No shoes, no shirt, no service
I love my idols, I ain't joking
Richard Penny and Big Hawk Cody
The sticker on my bumper is a liberal
Then I like it was doing here for praise for them
Oh god
Red neck
Red neck
Did you put Terry Branch on there or not?
Yeah we did
I guess I better refresh okay
Excuse me I'm gonna go out to get some of my fa
Jimmy Johnson somebody says that's a very good choice
He's a real redneck good old boy we got a shot
We got a shot
We're we are redneck, Jimmy
And James Carvellets is although he's great
He's a real redneck and I'll care all of what's his here Carvell
Misspelled a course I thought Tom Carvell was dead, wasn't he?
The ice cream guy
Anybody know you call that ice cream?
You are joking me aren't they?
They call it
Oh boy like cookie puss
I can't stand Carvell all right I don't care how Jewish they are
Just a very very land tasteless kind of like a lot of these shows man really tasteless
Which of these people best fits the description the ultimate redneck
George W. Bush 32 what a surprise out of the first 69 votes
Toby Keith he got my vote 18
They learn heart junior six
Billy Ray Cyrus three
Jeff Foxworthy three Billy Bob Thornton three
Stone Cold Steve Austin he's got a pair and they're stone cold
Wayne LaPierre junior one from the N.R. A
Andy Griffith one Terry Bryant-Chry and Dare Walter don't have it
What about Richard Petty we want to put him on her?
Sure why not it's got that hat
Sure why not Richard Petty because he just got mentioned that bit
Well I haven't played that in a long time
Right
And so needless to say I auditioned during the previous break
Hey you never at home man just like that sister Jean thing that I had like
Had a dialed up a little bit there
Let's say so much for living free on my sailboats as somebody here
What is this the new proclamation from George W. Bush which was signed in law
Loss the feds this easier USA or foreign flag vessel after they kick you off it
If they think you're planning to travel to Cuba
This means a Canadian sailor anywhere in the US territorial waters
We're just losing their boat if the feds think you may sail to Cuba
Even though it's okay if you're Canadian to go to Cuba
It says it's crazy but it's really a person I'd like to which I would suggest don't go to Cuba right
Right
I mean if you haven't learned from poor little alienito what are you ever going to learn
How about a QA? I'm hello
Steve Spurrier and Bobby Bowden
Steve Spurrier and Bobby Bowden was good choice. Thank you. And fact
I got I got the winner other than W
Get those two on her Steve Spurrier Bobby Bowden but the winner is you know who it is
No, Terry Bowden
Who?
Terry Bowden his Bobby's son
Former football coach is he's he's still coaching coach and we're just on TV all the time
Yeah, he's on TV now
He's just on TV being real real redneckie by the Terry Bowden man wow take your work word
Wow, he makes the guys in the in entry look like big city slickers look like a from Manhattan from Wall Street
That's how redneckie he is
He makes banjo boy look like like Donald Trump
with better hair
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th
He inforizor wireless line. I think maybe we'll put a little bit too much stock in this old rating book thing today
Whatever it's something to do. Yeah, I think it's interesting. It's a it's a
It's a thing. No, but it's a moment in history and radio history in the South Florida market
What are they what term do they use? It's a
um
X-likes moment or whatever
Yeah, I'm talking about herning point. Yeah, there's a lot of where that goes in there somebody while I say classic. It's a something
W.A.M. Hello
Yo, I am yes, sir. Hey, you know, we got two for you. No, I guess the uncle's bill fritz is quite a redneck and the
See John C. Hyle Ashcroff all right. All right and get him on there and uh, hey
Yeah, on the Marlins and David Sampson
What do you just say
What do you say David Sampson? Yeah, something to Marlins and David Sampson, but it didn't they were like not connecting words there anyway bill frist
We already said we can't play that bit called friston. No bill frist if our IST and
John Ashcroff from misery who lost election to a dead man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Maybe that's why I want running around cover cover up all the misstances maybe just maybe it affected him psychologically when you lose election to a dead man
It's just kind of let's sense you off the deep end
WQ and hello
Yes, sir
So cool Steve Austin what do you mean?
Still cold Steve Austin's got five votes right now, right?
Didn't I just get through reading results? Yeah
Man, okay, let me read them again real quick which of these people best fits the description the ultimate redneck
George W. Bush 49 Toby Keith 22 they learn hard junior eight no relation to Ray McLean junior
Jeff Foxworthy six stone cold Steve Austin five man. He got those five quick to me
Richard petty five
Billy Ray Cyrus three
Terry Bradshaw three Billy Bob Horton three Bobby Bowden two
Wayne LaPierre junior one
Thera Wall Trip one and the Griffiths got one
Jimmy Johnson Steve Spirits here about and just went on there out of the first one oh nine if Terry Bowden
Noko zoomed up there then I'm gonna call for a congressional investigation
I'm gonna say disband this 9-11 committee right now
Let's investigate this because if Terry Bowden ate the ultimate redneck then I don't know who the hell is
He makes George W. Bush seem like Woodrow Wilson, okay? That's how redneck he Terry Bowden is
He is just out of this world
or ought to be
Don't forget look for the QA and Van noone to one today to build us remotors at 300
Almeria Avenue and Coral Gables stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the marlins and Dodgers next Tuesday
courtesy of the real yet I'll pay just from Bell Sound now does that mean if they stop by they can pick them up
Where they got a win them with that's bizarre I don't know huh to stop by to pick up a pair
Well then there you while they last or however it works come into QA and hello
Hey, I'm not Charlie Charlie cry
Charlie pride is real redneck you a little bit dark-complexed for some of them guys, but good choice. Thank you
Charlie pride not too many black rednecks, you know what
They're out there. I wonder if he marches during pride week
5
670 560
Town 560 you know there's too much pressure on us
I think maybe we ought to get like a one-shear in this book just just to take the pressure off once and for all let's somebody else do it
You know let mode do it, huh?
Absolutely
The Mo man Mo and Joe the 6 to 10 segment and they're Mo and Joe let the Mojo guys because we know
I didn't mention before that not only is the morning got some real tourists
But also especially the early part but also night times man hockey
January February and March that's the winter waiting book. That's what's gonna come out 1130 and we had the Panthers on there
And all I can say about that is oh my god
Can't complain about their radio audience because there is nothing
I mean we have fractions at night poor Eddie Kay. How'd you like to have to follow a Panther game?
Okay, how'd you like to have to go to a Panther? Oh, I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I don't want to pick on the organization, but
Will be nice to compete for the playoffs once you know in somebody's lifetime. I would be good before the team moves on
Pretty QA and hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
I don't know his name. It's the guy that made that net baby squeal like a pig
Ha ha ha okay
That guy that made an head baby
I don't know what his name was. That's cute
Clam you for how about time cadill hopper he was uh always on a red skeleton show that's right. He was red skeleton
God bless five six seven oh five sixty. I didn't like red skull to be honest with you
I watched it because in back in the day. I mean you watch whatever was on I don't have a lot of options
Didn't have a whole bunch of choices even I remember the old four channel days
Hmm
Whenever she don't remember the old one channel days no I do
As a matter of fact
Um, and I could be wrong maybe there were two in the beginning. I don't recall
But we didn't have our TV yet as little tiny kid and watch us in New York and the kid down the block
His appearance had a TV set so every afternoon at five thirty I believe it was I'd go down there. We watch howdy duty
Oh, I can't howdy the and uh
Well you laughing about all kids watch howdy duty sure of course you had to do your civic duty and watch howdy
Doody at any rate I think it was preceded by the test pattern there weren't like shows on all day like it is now
Or like it has been for a long time it wasn't 24 seven like our engineering department
My gifusesly gets on the air sometimes
But they were just shows that came on and and the test panel would be on you know the one with the Indian head on
We've been through all of that crap about the test planner
Yeah, and five thirty hey kids what time is it? That's howdy duty time and that would be a very exciting point in my day
Yeah back in the day he was though Chuck's aching
Who's that howdy duty how about mr. Blaster you went to bat?
1056 man. I'll tell you we're only we're moving to that last half hour segment before the big big bomb gets dropped
Of course when you'll fight
It's day oh my heavy town
At five six oh
the
He's
You're just gonna see it stop
You're just gonna see it stop
You're just gonna see it stop
You're put to throw the rainer
And hate to walk it back
You're kickin' out the business
Cause here's a right way back
You'll bring your onto pieces
But first you got to go through it
Cause I can use a gun and a gun
And get your mom to do it
Just gonna see it stop
You're just gonna see it stop
You're just gonna see it stop
Touchin' you
It's a dirty job
Touchin' you
It's a dirty job
Touchin' you
It's a dirty job
It's a dirty job
It's a dirty job
And we're just gonna see how we do it
Touchin' you
Yeah, somebody says the umptiest Jesse Homes
That's the magnificent choice
Thank you very much. Thank you Pat. Jesse Homes get his ass on it right away. What a piece of dirt. In fact, we can thank Jesse Homes in large part. All of this uh... goody two shoes word police stuff
We got with the FCC. He's the one who really started that big time many back in the day
What he decided to get the FCC off her lazy ass
And start being the word police, you know
Doing stuff that nobody ever wanted them to do in the first place. Here's an excellent fact. Almost as good as Duff's
It says Terry Bowden almost got the perfect genetic code. He almost got brains almost got personality almost got height almost made human
He's not doin' that word yet. That's cause most of you must not know Terry Bowden like I do
Hope
Man to see him is to say holy moly. Shazam. Do we want to put Jim neighbors on here?
Uh, okay. So was he a real red neck or did he just play one on television?
I don't know. Old man river. I guess while we know he was a real. He was for real. Several of these polls.
Yeah, he's been on a different amount of polls. But anyway, that's another story. Back in the day we could talk about that
But we better not. James says, speaking of that, I might be a little behind but I was just reading a letter on your webpage about American Idol and Ellen John saying the voters are racist. What a crock of Schmitt man.
The only people who are racist are Paula and Randy. At this point in the game, they're all amazing singers. That night the three black girls in the bottom three and Randy and Paula nothing but complain that the country was voting on popularity instead of talent when they should be congratulating the other four who obviously did better.
If you ask me, none of the other four looked like they could even ever win a popularity contest any damn way. The whole show has been nothing more than Randy and Paula telling the black people how great they are and telling the white people that they're just all right.
That's who's the biggest display of racism I've ever seen and make me sick and oh yeah, Elton John can kiss my fat ass as James.
Right going James and maybe he'd like to.
26 minutes in county can we handle the pressure will we collapse will Duff fall right on the floor in the past prostate prostate.
Let's see Mike says is Galpah sport John daily there's a golfer for you John daily I never I've seen the drunk one.
Yeah, yeah, the drunk one with like 10x was.
I see John daily alright let's get him on.
Oh yeah Chris Collins worth man I despise him I don't just dislike him I hate him.
Hate him don't know who that is he's an extra since the netting ban gold mediocre defensive back who now of course is a big mouth on NFL under one of the pregame shows Chris.
I don't know actually he does color on the games now.
He is just nauseating Chris Collins worth and Matthew McConaughey I don't know who that is am I missing something John he's an actor.
He's got a draw like I said qualifies him as the biggest red neck ever.
Oh, he probably ain't really red neck though.
No, I don't think so.
No plus we don't want to have to worry about the spelling because I'm looking at this funny.
I don't I know Matthew McConaughey he's been in stuff.
He's been in stuff.
Yeah, stuff and such and also he was in things when you like to open up a store called stuff and such and things.
Yeah, stuff and things stuff and such or just stuff it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 80 I got a lot of stuff here but I'm going to save it for like after all the waiting after we get to that hoopla because then the audience is gone anyway.
The only people listen very intently are the people in the business they're all listening right now.
Good morning Tom Jekka who's not in the business but you know probably write an article about this book because this is a the fighting point.
This is a demarcation point in the history of software radio.
In fact this whole last rating period has been a demarcation in the history of radio period.
But it's especially in like six markets where it's German off the air because let's face it like him or not.
He had this huge this gigantic humongous male Q man huge gigantic.
You got it is it huge and they got to go somewhere.
The year after going the off position they got to go how about the Mo and Joe show.
Absolutely. How about Mojo Mojo radio here in Toronto.
By the way it's a it's a character knows is listening.
I'm sure he is waiting to hear the numbers because tea channel they're not going to tell him nothing right away.
Especially if they suck and he won't have any excuses now.
Mr. Castron over you want to have those excuses now in the morning no more Howard.
Where you at one hour but that's your annual competition.
20 degrees that means 68 the sun is shining and another cloud is going to be 75 that he managed the day of the year.
Much too nice I think what happens if the numbers come out pretty good for us.
As soon as I read the number I'm just going to throw the pages up in the year and just run outside and just love the sunshine.
Just kind of like frolic in the sun.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Not there W.A.M. Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Can I add a woman to the list?
How about Daly Park.
Daly Park is magnificent.
I'm sure I'll take this one.
I want you to order the beta curtain as well.
Okay.
We got any Daly Park and for the beta curtain or not.
No, I never showed them.
She's never shown those things.
Daly Park is a good choice though.
Let's see.
I'd like to be sent by previous vote for Toby and change it to Tommy Mama's boy of Bowden.
No, his name isn't Tommy.
It's Terry Bowden.
He'll even have the right name.
A potential suggestion for future polls is Bob.
If it's not already been run, who has the worst hair?
Oh, that's good.
We've done here.
Bob's up in Tennessee.
My apologies, Bob.
I'm so sorry for you.
Worst hair.
That's good.
We've done worst hair piece.
But we're talking about people with real hair.
Worst hair.
We got to cross Moa.
Well, we could make it all inclusive.
Just work there.
We don't want to leave Moa.
Do we know?
Absolutely not.
He's got Donald Trump, Don King, Kramer, Jimmy Johnson and Moa.
Okay.
Put that in my pool pile.
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow.
Okay.
Worst hair.
That will kill tomorrow's pool and then you're on your own.
Yeah.
What do you mean by that?
I got big plans for next week.
Which of these people?
That fits the description of the ultimate redneck.
George W. Bush 71.
We're going to smoke about their holes.
Then we're live.
We're going to get them.
Toby Keith 29.
Bring it on.
Bobby Bowden 13.
Jeff Foxworthy 11.
Taylor Hart Jr. 10.
No relation to Walter Ross Jr.
Billy Bob Thorton 9.
Stone Cold Steve Austin.
He got nine already.
Richard Petty 8.
Billy Ray Sy was seven.
Steve Spurrier 6.
Terry Bradshaw 6.
Terry Bowden.
He's moving up a little bit.
And I got five.
Terry Bowden.
They're a Wall Trip 3.
Andy Griffith 1.
Wayne Lough P.
Jr. 1.
John Ascroft 1.
Charlie Pride 1.
John Daley's got one.
And he's drinking it right now.
And no votes yet out of 192 for Jimmy Johnson.
Bill Friss, Chris Collinsworth or Dolly Parton yet.
But they will.
They'll start moving up.
22 minutes to go, man.
The pressure is just burst in here.
Line 9.
WQAM.
Hello.
You got to put Jerry Glanville on there, man.
Jerry Glanville.
Good old black Jerry.
There we go.
And I blackened color, but blackened dress.
Good.
And he wears a black dress.
Former coach of the New Orleans Saints.
Am I correct, John?
Yes, I am.
Am I correct, John?
Oh, it also be a matter of Falcones.
Jerry Glanville.
He's another commentator.
He's another one commentates now.
If you can't make his a coach as a player, commentate.
WQAM, hello.
I need one.
I like that.
I need one.
All right.
I'd like to put Jeremy Shaki and I got the black redneck.
Karl Malone.
Who's anything here last one?
Karl Malone.
Well, Karl Malone.
Okay.
Thank you.
Karl Malone, a black redneck that's Karl with a K and Jeremy Shaki.
Who says all him fags are going to, whatever they're going to do.
Yeah.
He's a real redneck.
I think Mo likes him a lot.
5670, 5660, pound, 5660.
And if he doesn't, I'll just make it up anyway.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Ted Nugent?
Ted Nugent, real redneck, you man.
Okay, thanks.
He probably is.
Hangs up.
What's that summer back in Taylor Michigan?
That's the summer of Detroit.
That's where a lot of rednecks are in Taylor Michigan.
They got that big, gigantic size, the economy size,
you're a vacillating on top of the TV.
I don't know what they're doing with it, but nevertheless,
you can guess for yourselves.
Back in the day, we might explore that area,
but I don't think we're going to do that right now.
It's takes.
5670, 5660.
I don't know what that was all about.
Did you see that we're sharing a big sheep on CNN?
They were sharing a sheep.
They were sharing a huge sheep.
The sheep said this was the second most fearful moment of his life.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Charlie Daniels.
Charlie Daniels is excellent.
A real redneck he got there, where was one?
And one little wish here.
May you have a good number and may it be a masculine one.
Thank you so much.
Oh, great.
Nothing like a good masculine number.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
Woo.
Man.
5670560.
Bottom 560 on the ATT.
What are we laughing about?
We know we haven't laughed for cry yet.
Whatever.
What about if it's just like flat?
You know, if there's nothing, well, maybe we can be.
We can be flat.
But there's something going to happen in the morning.
There's something that's going to be like a re-jigging of the whole deal here.
Unless, of course, it's like that previous couple of trends when all the no-speakening glaze
people get the diaries in which case, it won't make much difference.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Jimmy Buffay.
Jimmy Buffay, real redneck he can't get too much more redneck than him.
All right.
Thank you.
That whole Key West crowd, man.
I don't understand that, dude.
You know, all the fags down there in Key West and redneck.
Is that kind of a bizarre combination?
No, no.
When you think about it, think about it.
Oh, right, I'm cowboy.
Club in the Capitol at 5.60 QAM.
I'm a cowboy.
I'm a cowboy.
I'm a cowboy.
I'm a cowboy.
QAM.
The young is too young.
That's third, man.
Now all of us redneck sure of it, sir.
That's the moon.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all of us redneck practice insists.
Now I'm my only uncle and worries me.
My kid Hester took me with her back to her double wide.
What a deal ain't got no wheels and insights felt like something died.
She kissed my cheek and winked her eyes.
And said we're all alone in the house.
But I got a sick wish.
She gave me a kiss.
And two and two back go in her mouth.
Oh, let's redneck sure of it, sir.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all of us redneck practice insists.
So come meet my new wife.
She's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs.
A four by four that I adore with tires that are too damn big.
The rear window it has a gun rack.
That's where I keep my gun.
A rattle flag and a wife in the back.
My neck is red from too much sun.
All of us redneck sure of it, sir.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all of us redneck practice insists.
My sister is the one over there with the dirty knees.
Every union's hard to choose.
Who's got the nicest two?
And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
Oh my God.
Nobody thinks all the redneck's all the time.
Ross P. Rowley says that's a good choice.
Gotta roll up your sleeves and do do do.
Little redneck from Texas.
Wait till here.
I'm not going to read this now because we got them numbers coming up.
Maybe later on.
Don't let me forget.
Or maybe tomorrow.
From the UK Guardian, their beliefs are bonkers but they're at the heart of power.
US Christian fundamentalists are driving Bush's Middle East policy.
And the article, the crux of it is, the thrust of it is that a third of Republicans are believers in Armageddon.
Right.
And the story goes on with the whole song and a dance about Armageddon and it'd be coming and how it's going to happen.
And the anti-Christ is on the earth right now walking around.
And you will convert or die, Jubilee.
I beg your pardon?
You will convert or die.
Right.
But won't that be great?
Because the rapture's coming.
Don't tell John Astroft about it.
I got a rupture coming.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Maybe 11, 30.
Wtc way him.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got somebody for your poll.
All right.
Hank Williams Jr.
Hank Williams Jr.
Man, he's picking it.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Hank Williams Jr.
You got it?
Hank Williams Jr.
He's got a date right now.
He'll end cuppy singers.
They're all about your red necks.
All end of Hill, Billy.
See, the people in deep south probably ought to be very upset.
About this whole red necky thing.
And something to hop it right now.
No, sir.
I look at good times as to blacks as to like he hallowed no shows were to southerners.
Right.
See what I'm saying?
They create this ugly nasty stereotype.
Although in the case of southerners, it happens generally speaking to be true.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't, y'all come back now.
Y'all come back to two-ed.
Daniel Carver.
Who the hell is that?
No idea.
To Daniel Carver.
Do you know who that is?
Never heard of it.
I'm asking Josh now.
No, I don't.
Daniel Carver.
Maybe we'll have to look that.
I'll put it on there anyway.
Some of them must know who's watching.
Washington Carver.
It means Danny Glover.
All he knows seems to redneck you to me.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
We're 10 minutes away.
I think we've done magnificently well to like keep on an even Howard Kills so far.
Which of these people best fits the description the ultimate red neck?
George W. Bush 91.
You can't touch him.
Toby Keith 34.
Bobby Bowton 20.
Jeff Foxworthy 16.
Glee Bob Thornton 11.
Terry Bradshaw and Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Tenepiece.
Richard Petty 9.
Stone Cold Steve Austin 9.
Billy Ray Cyrus 9 for Old Billy Ray.
Terry Bowton's moving up.
I told you he's moving up real slowly but deliberately.
Steve's Burr is also got eight.
There are Walter Ford's and C. Helms Ford's on Ascroft 2.
Charlie Price got appear.
Jerry Glanville's got a two the black man.
Why do they always do that?
What was the deal with it?
That was his trademark.
Always dressed in black.
Black shirt, black pants, black eye.
Jeremy Shockey 2 Charlie Daniels 2 John Damie 1, a two.
And one a piece for Andy Griffith-Dolly Parton.
She's only got one now.
Jimmy Johnson 1.
Wayne Loppy R. Juniors got one.
Because nobody knows who he is.
And no votes for Carmel O'Neal and Bill Frist, Ted Nugent, Chris Collinsworth,
Jimmy Buffett, Matthew McConaughey.
We didn't want him on there but that's okay.
Ross P. Row or Hank Williams Jr. out of 259.
All the red next all the time.
That's the USA.
Stephanie Q. A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that Daniel Carver is the past president of a coup-clutch plan for a lot of time ago.
He's been on the Howard Stern as a regular for a while.
He's got a coup-clutch plan.
Oh, go ahead.
Yeah.
Next, I got one.
How about Billy Carter?
Billy Carter was good.
I don't forget.
Will it be ripped?
Billy Carter is good.
He was a real bastard.
I can't say that anymore.
It says Carver called in movie reviews on the Howard Stern Show.
Wow.
Eight minutes in counting, speaking of Howard Stern, speaking of the ratings coming out, speaking
of...
The pressure that's building on the self-loader radio market, or I should say what's left of
it.
After a clear channel of just his devastating, not just with a Stern dropping, but I mean,
they've dropped a big bomb, and even Mo never dropped a bomb quite like this.
Remember Mo dropping a bomb?
Better probably play that a few times today, okay.
And by the way, to the losers on Cloudy Channel?
Yeah.
Give it, didn't work.
Oh.
Anyway, it's not even worth listening to, you know.
But better watch it.
Payback's a bitch.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Right.
He had nothing to do with any of that, of course, but it's coming.
Of course.
WQM, hello.
I think the fundamentalist of all he found to figure no Sama been lied and to get things rolling.
Okay.
Anyway, that's it.
Okay, thanks.
Oshama Yamama.
Well, the article suggests maybe even Wal-Martinists, if that's the case, then they would agree.
Because it wants to radio-tag its stock, thereby exposing human-kindity mark of the beast.
Oh, this article is really good.
In fact, I might just have to go ahead and put it on our website for later on today or maybe tomorrow.
Whatever.
Don't let me forget.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Look for the QM van Noondil one today and build usury motors at 300 Almeria Avenue and Coral Gables.
You know where that is?
Never heard of it.
I never heard of it either.
Almeria Avenue and a Gable.
Stop by to pick up your parent tickets to see the Marlin and Dodger game next Tuesday.
courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bell Sol.
I bet you McGill will be there.
Okay.
Well, he don't need to be there today because you got muffin clearance both.
They're going to be racing in with the pages from the, oh, it's going to be quite a scene.
Get your gas mask on because I have a feeling either way no matter what happens.
There are going to be a lot of aromas in the year.
WQM, hello.
Hey, can you still play the Mickey Mouse thing with?
I know!
Yeah, sure.
You could play that?
Yeah.
Okay.
We can still play it.
WQM, hello.
That's not like a higher palli guy, didn't it?
WQM, hello.
Neil, you said that guy took my, uh, the Billy Carter one, but Billy Carter, that's the first face that I saw when you said the typical redneck with Billy Carter.
Well, let me ask you this, how about Jimmy Carter?
Yeah, exactly.
He's pretty red, he's looking.
Yeah, I got a little bit.
Right.
How about Jerry Jones?
Jerry Jones is fabulous, boy.
Why hate his guts?
I hate him too.
Every time Dallas loses, I just squeeze myself.
I get so excited.
It's Sam Elliott's kind of redneck too.
A little bit.
All right, that's all I got, Neil.
Thanks, Pally.
Pull out your head.
See ya.
Sam Elliott, Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys.
That was Cowboys, man.
They're gonna really, they're gonna turn it around, man.
You know what?
They did kinda turn it around.
Turned water red.
Redcum.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's of course after Trateman was safely gone from the team.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18 team for Ryzen Wireless Line.
I don't believe any of them rumors about Troy, do I?
Yes.
Oh, Troy Stratford.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Let me say it again.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
All right.
I think the mad dog's a little redneck.
He's a little on the redneck, he's sad, but he's from Solon, Ohio.
So what do you expect, you know?
We don't want to put the mad dog on there.
We don't want to trash the mad dog, do we?
No.
No way.
He tends to be on the redneck, he's sad.
That's just a act.
He's a real sophisticated city slicker.
Don't let him fool you for woman.
All that crap about the green lizards and all of the bull crap.
But, oh, yeah.
That's all just a joke thing.
Just like his supportive president Bush, don't believe that for one second.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
We are coming to that moment.
And in fact, my sphincter has just tightened ever so slightly.
I don't know if we can still say that.
I've mentioned that muffin clearance is they're squirming in their chairs right now.
They're squirming in their seats.
Their sphincters are tightening ever so gradually.
Don't you think?
And of course, in Duf's case, 26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Mother's Day is right around the corner.
If you're looking for a really great gift for mom to show her just how creative and thoughtful you can be.
Santa Rape from Monteni Bear made just for her.
Like the mama's boy bear with heart-shaped mom tattoo.
Or the new mom for president bear.
A friendly bear, council's going to take your call right now at 1-800-829 Bear.
And help you tailor a bear just for your mom, your wife or grandma, or all of the above.
They've got over 100 bears, each handcrafted in Vermont, and guaranteed for life, delivered with free gourmet candy and a gift card.
Dad, it's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and cub set is a perfect idea.
Because you can choose any number of cubs and personalize each one with its own different name.
Sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative alternative to sending flowers which are dead in just a matter of hours.
And you'll keep that little bear forever.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBare.com.
Be sure and tell him that Neo reported you call 1-800-829-V-E-A-R.
My, my, and local, here's sports video 560-C-A-M.
Comet Jeff Oxworthy has finally gotten a new act.
That's right, he's changed his name and has a brand new CD.
It's Jeff Arfoxworthy's, you might be an infidel.
We are doing it! You know where I live, we know how to spot an infidel.
If you're a car in your house, both have a roof.
You might be an infidel.
Jeff Arfoxworthy's, you might be an infidel.
It's taking middle eastern countries by storm with weapons of massively funny material.
If you've ever seen a woman's ankles in public, you might be an infidel.
He's more hilarious than the former Iraqi minister of information.
He's Jeff Arfoxworthy.
If newscasters don't have to practice pronouncing your name, you might be an infidel.
If you've never stolen a 5,000-year-old relic from a national newslead, you might be an infidel.
You might be an infidel.
The new comedy CD from Jeff Arfoxworthy.
Available at the 60-foot deep crater that used to be the Baghdad Best Buy.
I don't see any numbers coming over yet.
Nobody's coming right now.
Oh my god, you have to be kidding me.
What are we going to do now?
Wait.
Time's up.
Oh, look at that.
Do you think the US made a mistake getting involved with the war in Iraq?
24% in March said yes.
Now 48% in Adamistake 46.
In fact, see, and I had a poll on this morning.
I don't know the exact number.
I probably shouldn't say it, but it was astonishing.
Should the US withdraw all of its troops immediately?
I think it was like 57% said yes, and 36% said no.
How do you like that?
I hear something coming over the machine.
What? How do you know that?
I don't know.
What's the fact that I'm too direct?
Did you send it?
No.
Or I'll send it direct from another machine, huh?
Oh my god.
No.
What is this?
Just swill.
How about a poll?
Oh, gee, that's bad.
Don't be doing that. Don't be giving me a false alarm.
Oh my god.
Let's try it again.
No.
Oh, no.
Damn it.
Okay, well, we'll just continue.
I just can't wait to see the 12 pluses what we get first,
which is like everybody who listens, little kids over the age of 12,
teenagers, people over the age of 100,
which nobody wants, you know, people like me.
But it's going to be really interesting to see WBGG.
And if there are other cheap channel stations too,
whether this, whether the South Florida people will really woke up
and made a statement,
and sure we'd like to benefit some from it.
We know we'd like to benefit a lot as much as we can,
but that's not the point.
The point is you've got a chance to make a statement,
and we'll see if they did or not.
The rest people I don't think will go anywhere.
It's like a religion.
Line 9 WQA.
Not there.
I thought Line 9 was like a religion they never hung up.
Did you think?
I thought so.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, I'm an Agen.
Pretty good, pal.
Hey, it is Channel 10.
We've got to get some extra, extra wide angle cameras.
I heard that Paul Castro homo is going to be doing sports jam live
with Mandage next year.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
I mean, this guy is the radio whore, gives a new mention.
I wonder who's material he's going to be using on that show.
Oh, yeah, he, I heard something guy called me the other day,
and he said, I come here using the old meals of Samoos back in the day.
Hey, Pally, all that stuff.
Anyhow, up on him.
Thanks for the Spirey-Poor Pally.
Good job.
Castor Nova.
Now that'll be, like I said, the monkey is off his fat back.
You know, I have no excuses no more.
You know, well, you're up against Howard Stern.
You know, well, that was, you know, that was a point.
Right.
Other than the fact that Paul and Old Ron, they're
show sucked and they used everybody else's material.
But now it's going to be interesting to see if Zeta goes zooming up there or not.
I'm waiting still.
Do you fact me something else?
Yeah, but nothing.
Why not?
Where are they?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
She's stew says this crackdown on shows like yours is not about cleaning up anything.
It's politics.
Anyone that's been targeted by the Republicans know exactly what's going on.
They've cut overtime paying, neglected military pay off, fought the minimum wage,
and worth of all throwing good people into prison, example Tommy Chong.
Thank you, sirs stew.
Well, still, what can I tell you?
Thank you, stew.
What are we going to do without stew?
Just sit here and stew, huh?
In our own cases.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Let's take a look at that.
I'm a little bit here because usually when it gets to be that magic moment,
they come racing in with a whole pile, you know.
But maybe they're like falling all over each other, running into each other,
or maybe they have some kind of a technical glitch over there, you know.
That would be the first time.
That would be bad.
That would be really bad after this big buildup.
I don't think we could emotionally handle it.
We'd have to take off right now.
Just leave some dead air till two o'clock.
There's stuff.
Is he smiling or frowning?
Is he got a big smile on his push?
He says, we look good.
We look good.
Well, we're not asking that.
We know it.
Jeez.
He said to Josh.
Josh, why were you like to slip out of there real quiet and just, you know,
the back gets it there.
I go right down to the stairs.
12 plus coming out yet.
12 plus is coming out.
We look good.
We look good.
How do you like that?
In fact, let me make a little bit of prediction right now.
I don't want to get carried away.
But we're number something.
All right.
We don't know what that's all it can.
Tell them what you just said.
Something.
The midday is how good.
The mid days look good.
Oh, the mid days look good.
Oh, well, I saw.
I mean, that's all we care about immediately.
We would like to see everybody on the station do great because we get extra bonus money.
Plus we like most of the people on the station.
Don't we?
Absolutely.
In fact, we like just about all of the people on the station.
We wish them nothing but the very best because we're team players.
We like to vote.
We vote.
We vote everybody.
I beg your pardon.
I said, we like mo.
Stub them.
Oh, that's bad.
And it.
Yeah.
Okay.
We'll see.
You said it's coming by.
I hear like little squealing in my.
I got my fax machine there.
Man, it's all greased up.
And I got a ton of paper in here.
And I got that new thing in there.
What is it called?
The new drum.
I'm beating on it right now.
That new drum.
Just like Jean Cooper.
But I do feel a little bit out of the loop.
Well, this is a, he's a loop again.
Okay, let me take a caller to him.
Wait for this.
That way can't do it.
Can't do it.
Here we go.
I hear the first page starting to like.
All my, all my, all my, all my, all my, all my, all my, my, my, my, my.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wait a minute.
Now let me just take a look back.
Okay.
12 plus, they actually went up a little CMQ FM.
Holy moly.
You know what this is?
That's what it is.
In the fall book.
Well, I know what they have in the fall book.
I don't go that far.
Yeah, I do right here.
A five point.
Oh, this is 12 plus.
And now in the winter book, they got a six point.
Oh, man.
All right.
Hoochie, Koochie stuff.
It's the CDA cruise factor coming home to Roost again.
Power.
Oh, they got to be the kick screw.
He's got to be jumping up and down in the hall, man.
He might attack off or the other way around.
Power.
4.6.
Number four in a fall.
They went up to 5.5.
They're number two.
We're number two at power.
This is 12 plus.
Keep in mind, we aren't going to be anywhere in the first couple of pages here.
But I will tell you this.
The number to beat.
The target is to beat a two one for the entire station.
I OD 282-3.
That's not a good thing to see.
Q-WAM.
Two six in a fall.
Two one in a winter.
That's bad.
That is not good to see at all.
That is not a good thing to see.
Two six to a two one.
Holy moly.
Well, we had a two one in the last trend.
Two said it means we're flat.
Somebody somewhere is not getting a job done on this radio station.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Could be us.
Could be.
Not according to dogs.
Well, what did dogs say?
He said we done good.
He said we look good.
Well, let's take a look.
Huh?
He said we look good by we.
He means this show.
Well, maybe he's talking in French.
Maybe he just said we we.
Which you can't say that anymore.
By the way, don't they say we we.
Hot 105.
Number one.
They were tied with radio on more last time.
But now they went from a 5-2 to a 6.6.
This is in the morning.
Persons 12 plus hot 105.
Radio Amour.
Grapen down.
Maybe they actually found some people who speak English.
But I don't think so.
Four five two to a four eight.
CMQ FM from a 3.5 in the morning to a 4.7.
From number 13 number three.
I want an investigation.
Don't you?
Sure.
Why not?
Don't you?
Now let's see if we can find 12 plus.
Who else do we care about?
Where is WBGG in the morning?
Where is WBGG?
From a 4.3 to a 2.7.
From 4 to 18.
That's not as bad as it should be.
You know what?
No, I said one five.
Although we don't see we don't have the monthly's yet.
When we extrapolate the monthly's in a few days.
They will see what they did in March.
It's going to be a big point something.
It is going to be catastrophic.
I don't see a Zeta on here.
Do you?
Well, I mean, I really like how it is.
I don't see anything.
Oh, look at that.
Two eight to a two eight.
So I don't understand Paul and Old Ron.
How it's off for a month of this deal?
And you guys ain't going nowhere.
At least not in the overall.
What a pages are just piling up here.
Man, I got piles from looking at this.
I'm in a day.
So let's see.
Did we see what Mo had yet here in the morning?
Or did I not do that yet?
I don't think so.
Let's do this one here.
It's very embarrassing.
A two four to a one eight.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
That morning's show just blows, man.
Wow.
Holy moly.
Midday.
Look at that.
12 plus IOT went from a three six to a four one from book to book.
They're moving on up.
So they're not punishing the clear channel state.
And that's obvious.
No chance.
CMQ FM 6th read was seven five in midday.
12 plus.
That's bad.
That is brutal.
QM 3 out of a three five.
And let's see in the last.
Well, I think good because we had in the last trend.
I think we had a three.
Oh, I don't know what we had.
What do we have George?
I don't know.
A three four.
So we'll see when that when I saw Shuffle's out.
Okay, where I'm shuffling all these pages right now.
We'll see what the afternoon did.
Then we'll get the real demographics.
The living and breathing people.
Not the Altecokers like me.
And then we'll see.
Then we'll see who's going to be on the ear.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see.
And then we'll see這邊.
And then I'll see this tall building.
And then 저희가 will tell us who chose us.
And point like that!
Why you might wanna smack you?
Let's see, I know my sluts track you.
I know it.
But unlike that you,
You still got a job.
I feel just like that you are my kid brother.
And one year later.
That's why you are so unbind!
That's it!
That's it!
Okay, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go, go!
I'm on a show, have fun with you!
In the Kewmai!
Absolutely!
It's wake till it's over!
Alright, that's enough!
It's 1147, look at this overall!
Then 2554 WQM number two, how do you like that?
Yeah, pretty impressive.
You sound very depressed.
No, no, it's more impressive than that.
Once we extrapolate it.
What does that mean?
Our midday number.
2554?
Right, which isn't come across you.
Don't tell me.
It's on its way, I'm not going to tell you nothing.
That would be bad to spural it for me.
So obviously we didn't quite make CMQ FM, right?
Well, it's so intense.
It's very close, it's nippin' talk.
It's nose to nose.
I see that mole by the way blows.
I mean, can I say that?
Look at the mornings in men 25 to 54.
That's our key target demographic.
4.8 in the fall rating book and now a 4.2.
Hmm.
Giving new meaning to the word fall.
Oh, wait, no, we got it.
What are you talking about?
This is a miracle, are you crazy?
Are you out of your mind?
We got it, man.
This is a miracle.
I'll be here right now.
Yeah, I'll make the record.
This is one of the great miracles in the history of mankind.
We're number one, damn it.
Oh, you just played that.
I did do the break at 40 to 9.
Yeah.
Okay, I didn't cross it out because I've busy doing all this other stuff over here, you know?
With my crack staff, which I don't have.
WCMQFM in midday had a 7.9 share in astronomical number.
WQM midday 10 to 3 had a 7.8, which means from 10 to 2.
And of course that all depends on what we see with that number in the afternoon, right?
Right.
And since you already know what the number is in the afternoon, but you're just not telling me.
Don't you already know?
Well, look at that number one of the 6.1.
But it looks like, oh yeah, no sweat, right?
Right.
Well, I don't have a copy anymore, so I can't read along with you.
Well, then make a difference because all we need is like a fraction to, uh,
eke out a win over CMQFM.
Well, it was go up at least half a point.
I told you that we at least have a point in the extrapolation and the extrapolations.
That's right.
So I think it's safe to say we're number one, damn it.
IOD went from a 4.8 to a 6.4.
So anybody able to idea that they're punishing the tea channel stations.
I sure I told you they wouldn't.
They won't do it.
And although, of course, quite frankly, how much of a crossover is the between the people who listen to Howard Stern and IOD, for example?
How many people?
About 30, man.
Hey, you want these 18 to 34s?
I'm factored over right now.
Sure, I want it all, man.
I want it all.
Or not my way.
I want my hands on it.
I'm just pretty darn shocked, and so should the Duffa to be running around squeezing, uh,
squeezing clearance as parts right about now.
And probably is.
Wouldn't you think?
Now what about the afternoon number one?
Right.
So number one in midday, number one in the afternoon.
Morning, though, number seven, dropping from a tie for fourth to number seven.
Percipetous drop.
Oh, boy.
Is all I can say.
Guess howard people didn't go there.
Yeah, we thought that some of the Howard people might go to our Howard.
Now, here's a guy that says a facture.
Could you please give us the most important rating number for nights on magic one or two points?
Seven.
Mr. Tom Kennedy was unsurprisingly, unsurmoniously blown out.
Hosed at the seven of midnight shift for 10 years.
I hope that the polls of Jefferson probably, Mr. Bob Hamilton, have the worst book and they
contact some filthy, painful jockeach for the treatment of Mr. Kennedy.
Thank you, sir.
You demand.
And of course, it's probably from time and sub, wouldn't you think?
No, he was not that kind of guy.
You isn't?
No, he's not.
Well, that's right.
He used to work with us.
He's a friend of us.
He's a good guy.
Right.
So again, other reason to hate Bob Hamilton in those, uh, class holes over there at the magic one or two points seven.
We like our buddy, Ricky Tiki, Sean, for his sake, we hope he's okay.
You know what I mean?
But other than that, so nights, this guy wants your 2554.
That's their, uh, well, we got men.
Okay.
I don't know about persons.
Men 2554.
Magic.
Uh-oh.
Bad news from a 3.0.
Oh, 4.1.
From 15th to number eight.
I have no idea when Tom Kennedy got blown out over there.
What month it was.
It said we don't have the monkeys.
We won't have for a couple more days.
But they went up actually at night.
Magic one or two point seven.
How do you like that?
So we just do it the best we can.
I feel like we've pulled off a major miracle here, you know what?
The station, in spite of a precipitous drop in a morning show, rhymes with Mo and below.
Absolutely.
Uh, we still between the 10 a.m. and 7 p.m.
Do a magnificent job.
If you ask us, as we pet ourselves on the back and say,
we're number one.
We set the number one in after seven o'clock.
And that's the, uh, pantheon.
Oh, I never mentioned what the panthers had.
You don't want to know.
Well, I don't care.
I can tell you in 12 plus what they had already looked that up.
As I'm looking on a 85 page for this one, for this number.
We had a one from a 1.8 in the fall, which is also panthers to a 0.8 at night in 12 plus.
In other words, nobody listens to panther hockey on a radio.
Sorry about that.
Now, men 25 54, 3.5 in a fall, 2.3 at night.
So the night times took a dump.
The mornings took a dump.
10 a.m. to 7 p.m. were just fine.
We're fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Wow.
See?
Well, that's okay.
Now, let me see what about the thing here.
We got all carried away with us.
Look at that.
Big 106.
They were number one in the fall with a 10.1 share.
And now Howard's gone one month of this book.
And they're down to number two with a 6.1.
They dropped four full rating points.
And again, keep in mind, that's just with March out of this.
Right.
When January and February disappear, so are they going to do the same thing.
Now, you think what's stirring a gone for a month?
You think Paul and the old Ron might pick up a little more.
And they picked up a little 4.8 tied for 4 to 5.1.
Number five in the morning.
Nothing that the right home about if he asked me.
I mean, we went from a four, what would we do?
I can't find it.
You stole it.
We went from a 5.8 to a 7.8.
I gave it that.
5.8 in the fall when we got really screwed badly to a 7.8 in the end of the fall.
25.54.
So where did the audience in the morning go?
CMQ FM when zooming up to number one.
Big took a big dump.
Hot 105552 with 6.0.
An audio ritmo.
4.2 to a 5.4.
WSDJ.
Is there anybody speaks English?
Of course.
Jesus.
K. Christ.
Magic in the morning.
3.4 to a 3.7.
WEDR.
3.837.
Flaat.
W.I.O.D. 3.1 to a 3.5.
Men in black.
2.7 to a 3.1.
So this whole business about, oh, we're going to go on a boycott the clear channel stations.
That is not happening at all.
Who's we?
The audience.
The software to people who are pissed off.
They don't care if they like the music they like to show their listen.
RFX in the morning.
Fought sports.
0.7 to an 0.5.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Holy moly proving that half a point is better than none.
Oh, they can do better.
They can get a point three.
They're all saying half a loaf.
Half a point is better than none.
How much is this going to be more than half a loaf over there today?
But that's another story.
No, look at this midday 15 to a 2.7.
They're moving up big time in mid days.
That's where they're starting to really inch ahead.
Uh oh, we're in big trouble now.
You know what?
Yeah.
A big move on Fox sports in a midday.
It must be a Roemi.
All the homies listen to Roemi now.
And what about the Fox in the afternoon 0.5 to a 1 point?
Oh!
They're starting to make a little bit of a,
it's just enough to give Greg a little of the twitch in his bowels.
You know?
Just enough to make his anus start quick in a little bit.
Can we say that?
Oh, it wasn't on the list.
No, it anus.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D.
See how we get totally thrown off our appointed grounds with this crap?
Yeah, but it's funny.
I know it's important to watch this what we live and die by in everybody else's industry too.
18 to 34.
Do they want to know this?
We sure don't.
6 a.m. to midnight.
Power from a 9 5 to a 12 to a 10.
Curry's got to be dancing in the halls right now.
Probably would pictures of anus squeaks the ass.
EDR 8 3 up to a 9 6.
They're number two.
M.I.V. men in black 7 9 to a 9 4.
There's the punishment of clear clear chair.
Oh, yeah, they should live so long.
The audience is so floated.
People have got no shame.
5 6 to a 5 8.
Y 100. That's another one went up.
All their stations went up.
How one 0 5 5 3 stayed flat.
That's a cock station.
Party radio 5 9 down to a 4 7.
Another cock station.
Radio Romance.
State flat.
The coast 4 2 to a 4 1.
A cock station.
Radio did mo 2 2 up to a 4.
Oh, does anybody speak English anymore?
In that town.
W.S.D.J.
3 7 up to a 4 point.
Oh, man.
Zeta.
Look at this.
18 to 34.
5 0 to a 3 7.
That's not really their demo.
It's their 25 50 fossil rockers.
How big a pardon?
They got more aided rockers.
More agent.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
So there's the deal.
Now what about 18 to 34 in the morning?
I guess we need to look at the big 106.
Because Howard had humongous numbers there.
18 to 34.
Let me see if I can fight it in the 6 to 10 a.m.
Before we do this break.
Power 96.
What do I want?
One to a 4 5.
Oh my God.
They went from number one to a tie for number eight.
And just one month of Howard being off the air.
8 1 to a 4 5.
But when the next trend comes up, big 106 is going to be a queen.
Queenie and Timon.
My.
And you call.
This is 4 3 0 5 60.
Way to.
I know.
I know.
But it's, I know what I'm talking about.
I'm them all so talking about, well, I am.
grain.
I'm watering you to believe what I say today.
We got shots.
We got shots.
I'm about to get a push.
Got the job.
I'm about to get a push.
I got one.
I'm about to get a push.
I don't need one.
Change.
I don't need one.
I don't need one.
I don't need one.
I don't need one.
I don't need one.
Well, I don't have to read the paper,
since I control the news.
It's good to have a bad economy.
That's what the old man said to me.
Go to India and you'll find the job of straighting her high.
To the right of the world, something beats the stupid slow.
Who wants to point it out?
Got the job.
Got a job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
Got a job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
Got a job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
Got the job.
You think.
Get him through you fool.
Bravo!
Provoke!
vote!
And five sixty WQIM!
Don't forget that Q&B Van right now to one o'clock,
it's the Bill Newseree Motors Secret.
Wait three.
What is it?
Usury?
We got a correction on that.
What does it?
ugush.
Siry.
Usury.
Usury.
Usury?
Usury?
Usury?
That's what you Jews do.
Usury?
Us.
and use them and these those bill of voters at 300 almeri Avenue
Corgi will stop how to pick up a pair tickets to see the
marlins and dodges game next to the courtesy of the
real yellow pages from Bell so they bill also remotors excuse me
anyway did the duck come breathlessly running it until you
what we did in a month march in men 25 54 no 10.2 wow and we
still I not be number one because I'm looking in the
afternoon and CMQ FM doesn't really do very good and
drive compared to the rest of the day I said they might
actually the two to three hour do worse than whatever
soon same let's go for a little you do yeah wanna it'll be
really tight we'll have to wait for the extrapolations anyway
there was something really on 18 to 34 for some strange
reason our audiences banished the whole station no youngsters
18 to 34 almer way with their tail between legs pissed off and
fired up maybe it's the Howard Stern factory you think that
could be it we have to do it that I know that but maybe they
just the very their radio is maybe they stuck them in the
bottom of the pool like I told them to do I don't know they're
all vanished 5 6 7 0 5 60 upon let's get back to business here
okay let's put with all this fall to row of these ratings
could pant ourselves on the back could beat up on poor mo
what is it you sending me now these pages just keep
pouring across your so 25 55 what is it persons why are you
sending me that so that you know how many women we got I
know how many women we got nothing don't waste anymore my
paper holy moly the pages are just pouring across here
they had a chopped down a bunch of old redwoods in California
and ship it up here to get all this paper the biggest ultimate
red neck of the mall George W. Bush 132 Toby Keith 41 Bobby
Bowden 32 Jeff Foxworthy 24 Terry Bowdins move it up nicely
you go boy 21 Steve Spurrier 9T Dalerhard Jr. 15 Richard
petty 15 Billy Mop for the Thornton 15 Terry Bradshaw 14 Charlie
Daniels 12 Stone Cold Steve Austin 10 Billy Ray Cyrus 9 Billy
Carter 9 Jesse Helms H. John Ashcroft H. John Daily 8 and then
drank and 8 and drank Hank Williams Jr. 7 Daniel Carver 7
Ted Nugent 7 Charlie's Pride Ford Daryl Walter 4 Dolly
Parton 3 and the rest forget about that Dolly Parton's got 3
ones on the back I see oh you're still sending this stuff are
you I'm not going to pull them out of the machine now oh my god
persons 25 54 this is pathetic add them to your collection oh I
don't want to end them now run out of staples for quite a lot I
mean the order the fact or the fact that they are expensive office
supply really get them easily so I'll bend out of shape what are
we got here in a morning persons let's see 26 to 23 oh my god
mo mo well we don't know if it's more Joe you know what I don't
want to be picking on mo because we don't know we don't have
the extrapolation yet we don't know we don't know no no
mo I'll guarantee in midday we got nothing in fact based on the way
I see we don't have any women we have no women okay
persons 25 54 you'll see oh I see fourth and we got a
point eight in women we got a seven point eight men we got a
zero point eight in women although that's up for me a 3.1 to
4.3 in the person's 25 54 well we don't really care about that
we listen if the ladies got no sense of humor out there if
they're uptight of the two busy watching Jerry Springer and Oprah
and Christina and all this other Kakarai that's up to them okay we
don't we can't be bothered with that we're doing the best we can
their difficult circumstances where they make believe we had a
10.2 share in March in men not too shabby a we'll take it and
still might not make number one if that's the mQ thing screws
this up the I think they should pay to full bonus just on the
principle no matter what the final number is just because
became so close like I hear his breath away right right and
the number two for station don't forget and then that's
thanks to us right thanks to us and a mad dog in a
humper all the rest of you people might be setting off some
bonus money because of the overall station performance you can
kiss our fat asses okay man talk about get up your old
chapstick let's a little more spotty than fact I see I'm
thinking more of me in the Humper 5 6 7 0 5 60 if you don't
stop sending these pages let me just disconnect my fax
machine I'm going strike wq a hello q a m see why would I
expect them to be there because I keep rambling and rambling
we've been a half an hour here of mr. rambling you know let's get
back to the important cramp stop rambling man okay wq a
hello mr. Rogers yes sir nice to hear you're still in the
airways I got a pole for your red neck
yep uh to make the big bay tennic bay is redneck is it come yes and
what about the guy who founded Wendy's what's the name Dave Thomas
yeah Jim he was a redneck yes he was very well very
solid okay thanks thanks palin okay we'll put tennic
bay on there he won't see him no more but or Dave Thomas when
you come right down I ever thought I mean just because he was
driving a NASCAR you know in him spots please is that what it
takes to be redneck he used to drive a car I guess that guy
anybody in the south uh living south from the south he didn't
quite get it he said he was very southern okay now I I do
realize I sympathize with where he's coming from because it
tends to a lot of people from the south tend to be really really
really redneck he although I think Tony cigarette was from
the south he went to you and he's been down there and there's
a guy you wouldn't call him a redneck I mean a jackass a fool a
clown yes but a redneck no see right I mean Josh where did
he hold you born LA oh and LA but for how long I move before
it was one so for like five minutes but he's been in Florida
for like almost his entire life for last 10 years and so you
consider him well a little bit what redneck he a little
on a redneck he's side yeah yeah he's got a tough city was
a little redneck he on the side five six seven oh five
six he pound five sixty on a 18 and teen Verizon while
this one well we'd be the sigh of relief I guess everything
came out pretty good big is vanishing from the globe but we
might as well take that thing off about the clear channel and
logos we got on here get those off of your ear whenever you
get around with because it's it's wasted time this business
well the people are gonna rise up and they're gonna punish
yeah no they're not well they just aren't they just are
gonna do it every one of their stations went up as a way of
saying oh thanks for getting that filthy Howard Stern
off the air wqa and hello Neil yes sir got another woman
for your pole there she fits the redneck perfectly red hair
and cross-size reba reba make it higher reba make it higher
and a while ago somebody had an idea for a pole using
advertising mascots for food right and you guys never did
it as a good pole to use next week well what would the
question be what what would the question be who's your
favorite favorite mascot yeah for food or whatever you can
use like match a match a guy or whatever right okay thanks
there you go George this one for next week who's your
favorite food the thing okay person character Tony the
tiger okay something like that yeah okay we'll do
something like that I mean how many of those are there
but that should be enough I sure hope you're through
a semi-stuff no I'm sending you more stuff but it's a
no it's good stuff it's not it's a good what is it
surprise it's some extrapolations well we can't do the hour by hour
extrapolations because they won't for a couple of days it's just
it's what we got to email me all of those results what is it you
wanted that monthly big number for one thing yeah well I
just came again know what it is oh the big number I
think my big number no not that big number the other big number
and what is it 1.8 so I went 1.5 so I'm what
graphic is that 18 plus men 18 plus men they went to a
1.8 in March and they're on the way they're vanishing big
one of six will vanish from the face of the earth see not as
forceful as in San Diego when they went from an 8.9 in
February to a 0.7 in March see those people really put
their feet down and the same thing happened everywhere
else when they went off here not in South Florida though
we're a little on the slow side okay well we'll get around
to we're pretty darn fired up and pissed off you know but we'll
get around to it one of these days and really that's okay we
just we're just to please this punch with what we did you know
yeah I think we ought to adopt a new attitude screw
everybody else we're for us and the mad dog in Hank right
yeah what are you gonna do well Mo and Joe
Mo and Joe you gotta get you gotta get the Mo Joe working
12 minutes past noon at 5.6 did the Greg come in here and
put you on a hill say great job boys did he didn't do that
no well why not he's busy he's got other stations
10 well the power 96 went through the roof that should make
him happy I'm about to see because I don't look at
kiss because I don't have my finger man oh's although
would fit in with our pool today how do kids do well take a look
let's just take a random look here morning 6 to 10 a.m. W.K.I.S.
what's their part three three three there flat as a
anti-mibha pancake man they ain't going nowhere they go for
persons right they do I know I'm on 2554 persons my ass
kiss 4 2 out of a 3 9 in a midday they're they're flat
they're down a little bit they're not going nowhere okay
especially with those stupid gimmicks oh we're changing the
format yeah right that's that's an act of
desperation by a desperate radio station because
is the trailer parks keep vanishing so does their
audience just like as the English language people keep
moving out of town well 12 minutes after noon at 5.60 W.K.M.
let's face you've been here me talk about fast train for a very
long time probably wondered if it makes sense for you and
maybe changing your life in a very positive way the
fact is simple if you have the dedication fast train can
provide you with a necessary training to help you achieve your
new high pain computer career in just four short
months think about it in just four short months you can be on
your way fast trains dot day night a weekend classes and
financial assistance for people to qualify once you complete
those classes fast train will even help you out and I'm
paying a new computer job so what's not to like it's really just that easy
if you're trying to move in your feet not going anywhere if your life is like
on a treadmill this could be the answer you've been looking for
fast trains got seven soft little locations so there's
bond to be one nearby you they're in pember pines for
loaded-ale mami and kindle give them a call
one eight six six fast train check them out in the
web if you like it fast train dot com but then make that call
that can give you a big fat paycheck and a real life call one eight six six
fast train do it today
you
job here in the taxi car but it's a driver central park
you look at me so quesitally I could tell if he was in a dock
so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
no bugs speaks English and in my heart
haha
I went down to my hammock and reached where the business
and honey I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real
fun I asked him for a pint of whole gym beemies just
knowing the end of what does that mean
the bus is English and I'm all that the corner
delie hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English
melee are you can go back to the law
razz
I came here many years ago and learned my ABCs
I don't say much is grossiest I said pretty
so get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now
the mega mistake
no but I speak English
from 18 at 5.60 wqm so I think I made a mistake here I was adding the men 18
plus numbers together with 2554 see what I'm saying and extrapolating the wrong
numbers okay sweeted good marsh but not like what I thought but at any rate
so duck bus sends me them numbers and congratulations and thanks for
and here's clearance congratulations as clearance were number two
damn it and that cute little clearance there we're number two and he takes
all the credit who was gonna write another word in there but I told him we weren't
a lot to say it okay I'm sure he was here's I just want to give you this and
I'm this is not sour grapes we're delighted with where we are but the
wcm qfm okay speaking of nobody speaking English
they're Qm actually went down from the fall book their average quarter hours
there went from number one to six point six to number one to seven point
nine a precipitous increase and why you might ask because their length of
listenership went from seven hours and 15 minutes a week to nine hours and
50 minutes a week their number one and that which means it's become like a
religion ball that must place real good music and yet every time we've been
inquiring what are they play on wcm qfm well uh
latin oldies yeah but but what artist that well nobody seems to know it's the
biggest mystery in town like Francisco Arruca same thing nobody knows the
trouble we see so that length of listenership really just are kind of
scratch my head and my ass when I take a look at that but that's okay we'll see
how it plays out how it falls out it's going to be nip and tuck nose to nose
when the whole thing lays out I think we got it I just consulted my I don't
that's you consulted whom my astrologer I see
oh welcome or motto he's Puerto Rico
wqm hello ah yes I was wondering what the um
I wanted to request somebody for your poem yes
marg shot marg shot and my parents were from this
ins and a area so that area is such a hellhole since
night is yes it is right wing nose pickers you got oh my god you're not kidding thank
you Neil thank you everybody marg he ought to be shot now didn't she
croak oh no recently yeah I think she did I think
marg shot is dead oh right I believe and if not probably ought to be
what a nasty bitch five six seven oh five sixty pound in fact owners of
teams generally speaking don't don't very often tend to be nice people
now we certainly do love Jeffrey Laurie and David Sampson I was kind of like a
slow starting love affair but never less I'm sure that's out for a distant
chanted with him John Henry he was a real crack hole
and then we had Wayne of course I mean talk about a classhole there's the ultimate
Steinbrenner see what I mean most the owners of teams generally tend not to be
really like what about the art mode hell there's another one for you Josh
sold the city of Cleveland down the river made up a bunch of stories how much
money was losing and took his name and we turned into a Raven maniac in Baltimore
art mode hell despised by all Cleveland they probably like to hang his ass in
effigy or maybe for real WDQ am hello yes I could give a name for the
yes sir I make your point yes I miss in the morning
I miss in the morning okay it's a real rednecky guy you've got it a good one I miss
in the morning man he is just ponderous with that cowboy hat his brother Fred on a ranch my god
it's time to buy the farm I missed it so far here we did looks better than a live radio show
every morning on TV well just about anything right man we we want that just for
amusement sake every day every morning I'll flip it on for a couple of minutes and in
Georgia and I will like to listen to them to fabulous and laugh and cackle and puke and
just shake our heads and amazement how a dead man can be propped up in that chair snapping at that
gum you know and just don't go on like that you can maybe one out of ten words you can
understand what he's saying on a good day the i-man WQ am hello sir good I got one for your poll
I don't think everybody's thought of it the ultimate redneck strong thermon strong thermon I'll
be dang now but he's on there though unless we forgot to put him on I don't remember reading his name
do you I don't remember I remember reading his name now somebody said that right at the start of
the show and I think that it might slip right through Josh's fingers I guess what huh guess what
March what is dead I just got through saying that March shot is dead she died just recently
right that's why it's fresh in my mind you think if she died a while ago I old fool like me to
remember that you're dreaming March the second of what this year yeah excellent good news
a strong thermon he's also dead and I don't see him on that pool we better get him on right away
there was no oversight on Josh's part I'm sure yeah let's blink him who else was it I don't know
you hoody man you one pulled growing doubts on a rack I can't imagine why one you refer to the
clear end of major combat and Iraq Americans have new doubts about the war and doubts about
what the Bush administration said about it just 32% the lowest number ever say Iraq was a threat
that required immediate military action a year ago oh I know why the a man 18 plus wasn't so great
because 18 to 34 the whole station took a just die that what that was the deal I'm sorry to stick
that in there but it's just just don't I mean like a little light bulb to light up my head
less than half 47% now say the US did the right thing by taking military action in Iraq
lowest support recorded in CBS poll since the war began they're growing concerns about the long
term impact of the war now 41% think they were increased the threat of terrorism against the US 71
percent of the administration to say the administration policies abortion the US image in the
Arab world no shmit the continued intensity in the fighting in Iraq surprise many Americans and
Americans believe it also surprised the Bush administration 44% said that fighting there has
been harder than the person they expected 67% say it's been harder than the administration expected
nearly half say the war in Iraq was a mistake a fighting similar to the public's
assessment of Vietnam wars measured by the Gallup pool in 1968 how do you like that
and that number is increasing every minute of every day the public's assessments of the
Bush administration decision making before and after the war are also negative 7 and 10
don't believe the administration claimed that the decision to war was made in March 2003
and say the Bush administration decided to go to war earlier than that 70% and 61% believe the
administration did not try hard enough to reach a diplomatic solution before going to war in Iraq a
reversal of the public belief last year during the war for now only 31% believe the administration
has a clear plan to turn over power in Iraq 32% say it has a clear plan to rebuild the country
in other words one third say that you turn and the rest are on to them now that sounds promising
I'll tell you what else sounds promising too well maybe what the congressional black caucus hopes
to arrange a meeting soon with Ralph Nader to try to persuade him to abandon his independent run
for the White House I saw a story on the national press from a very important
thought story on Neil Rogers dot com we're very much considered about Ralph Nader said
representative Elijah E Cummings of all the more democratic fact is that we're worried that
they'll take votes away from our democratic candidate senator john Kerry coming said the
New York representative Charles B. Wrangle one of 39 Democrats who make up the cops and asked him
to set up a meeting with the leader Kevin Zeezy and Adir spokesman said the campaign did not
receive the request Nader's maintained that he will not withdraw his candidacy saying that he would
disappoint those voters he's asking for support but the good news is he has yet to qualify for
any state ballot they're just all out there oh Ralph would you please run you can just hear that
chorus of a person screaming out there and then turns out he's talking to himself just cut the
crap Nader cut the ego trip okay there are too many too many crucial things happening in the
world today we can't afford we have no time for ego trips for silly old men like Ralph Nader and
Ellis Rubin 26 past noon at 560 WQM if your feet are aching maybe you need some new shoes okay
you want to go to a great place to buy because you want to get the top quality best price is always
and of course people know what they're slapping on your feet that's why you'll shop at Brandy's shoes
of poppano if you're smart they've been around a long time at Brandy's you'll find top quality names
and the shoes like rock ports floor shim essay a spirit timberland naturalizer lots more all the
top names and men's and women's shoes it was Brandy's humongous selection chances are you can just
about picture life on it was exactly this year looking for the stars style to hold you in your
size is sitting on the shelf right now ready to slap on your feet find out why most of Brandy's
customers don't really keep coming back but usually by several pair on each visit Brandy's open
daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano
beats it's always worth a trip from anywhere and don't forget this week it's the final week of
Brandy's essay sale by the first pair of the regular price and get the second pair at half price
how can you meet that come into the store check them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com
your sports radio five six
u-a-m five listen john carry and i hope you'll join me in approving this side
the mister president have you ever made any mistakes yeah um
have you had enough of this they all might have spoke to me share share
your jam not more than three nine are you sick and tired of being embarrassed by a semi functional
retired a bandar want to see our top secret plans right here i have the ability to pronounce big words
and can actually spring a sentence together now the president and i may have went to the same
school but i at least attended class long enough to learn something i have a silver star and three
purple hearts as opposed to bush who and spell purple and one thing further i don't mind
bearing a strong resemblance to Fred wins after all herman monster was a really nice man with
genuine family values that's why i would appreciate your vote for presidents because
this campaign that we like to see was paid for by citizens united for democrats to drop a pair of
ladies comfort he wanted five sixty oh there they go just in time to
proup and let's see uh mornings persons twenty five fifty four i'm looking now what did uh
what did big do there man six point seven to a three point nine from number two number nine
and i'm looking for a zeta three seven to a three five actually went down they went down
for the month of stirring being out of the mix how do you like that how could that be how could
that be unless that sure really blows unless people are tired of hearing everybody else's material
including ours rehashed over and over again holy moly paul an old ron it's getting really kind
of stale like last year's mots of man give it a rest here's the facts from james says zak Thomas
of the dolphins is the number one redneck of onoatement that's one and another one the number one
of all time has to be baseball player Randy Johnson well we'll put him both on there is zak Thomas
he's real redneckie it says when defining a redneck you choose the person you can picture walking
around barefoot drinking a middle of high life out of the can and screaming at his wife from his
for his turkey park pia while watching nascar on his trailer and for me randy johnson fits that
perfect he's like six eight got scraggly greasy here and is generally duty looking at his neck is
actually red how do you like that he's a real redneck sacked Thomas randy john get him on all the red
necks all the time we apologize profusely don't wait for wasting all of that time on ratings and
everything that we do no it's important stuff man now i would say as i kind of like take a breath
here and that thing about the eighteen to thirty four men i hope that uh what i don't what do they know
that's the reason that that they really shouldn't panic so much about the many teen plus thing
we set only anything anyway but the eighteen to thirty four really distorts those numbers because we
we didn't guide the also uh they just vanished it's like eighteen to thirty four people just took
their a m radio isn't just the schmit can't it maybe they just followed my advice huh it's i've
been told them that and maybe they'll listen too carefully i don't know but we don't really
you know that's not the big deal as a matter of fact if that's the case if that's the case
in like thirty five to fifty four we must have gone through the roof we must have had a humongous
gigantic throbbing thirty five to fifty four number because eighteen to thirty four includes
twenty five to thirty four your father my friend and realize him throwing a lot of numbers out that's
the three people off off the chase you know throw you off balance whatever it is we'll take it five six
seven oh five sixty i'm seeing the dollar signs right now looks pretty interesting looks fine to
me okay just give us the money oh we're fine we'll take it right right even George get a little
bonus probably Josh has got a big bonus in there too waiting for him right me envelope huh he's got
a few bucks coming and of course if you and Eric ever get all your uh problem straight now we can
you know if that's another story you know another battle going out we've had a whole series of
these first it was being a boy and Eric oh yeah and there was the world in Eric you know he's just
that kind of a guy you know he's just kind of a little bit of a hard ass a big hard ass five six seven
oh five sixty on five sixty on the AT&T but he does wonderful work thanks for getting those books
up there on our website Eric nice job but Josh is getting pretty parked off at you WQA and hello
yeah I want to speak to him yes sir speaking hey how about David Duke for the ultimate
oh an excellent choice how could we overlook him the Duke the Duke I wasn't able to listen
earlier how bad did I big fall how did I'm bad did they fall like just imagine you're on top of
the Empire State Building and you jump from the top floor and you're just about ready to hit the
bottom that's about where they are right now good good news all right and well and well deserve
thanks Valley well deserve big one oh six man we'll see them nowhere they're like Paulie and a
godfather we'll see them no more right right in fact I think don't we have that thing yeah we got
that oh oh man the Clemens he was one of my favorite I like always like those big fat guys you
not can relate to my cannon right Frank Cannon William Conrad Tom Deleuys Clemens had done
Deleuys and of course don't forget our and not you're the only one that knows what the guy's name is
richie Karen yeah the actor who said that the honey tune yeah just for us called in on our show
special and said that the honey tune yeah even though he didn't say it in the movie no it's not
like like movie it's close to it when he was sitting there and they were all sitting around
and their eyes were staring the balls out of their heads with the locks if I'm surprised you
need the locks maybe little cream cheese I like option cover if you haven't seen a movie fat so
please if you want to have a few laughs and maybe just acquire a little bit too yeah even if you're
not fat they don't celebrate it's fat well no because most people are not fat they like to laugh at
us fat people so go ahead have a good laugh somebody QA am hello hello yes sir Neil yes I am
Neil how about John rocker John rocker man they don't come much more red necky than him
absolutely that inspired me I got a whole whole bunch of stuff to play now can we play a bit
yet we can all right thanks ballet have a great day thank you to Neil bye bye
Joel John rocker man we can play that one we got a whole bunch how many John rocker bits we got
about 30 man yeah including the one we start sounded like the queen and prince Charles there you both
absolutely five six seven oh five sixteen pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
I got one for you yeah Glenn Campbell oh yeah he's pretty red necky any proud of it Glenn Campbell
down down down down down down down yeah he's he's an oes picker very good what
what is the number that drug picture it is yeah well he was on biography channel
the other night but the only problem is that it was it was done the show was done before we had
that little incident before in that episode and they talked about how he's been a dry for at
least three or four days you know all of a sudden a crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line we're looking for the most definitive redneck in the
history of the human race George W. Bush 148 the ultimate redneck Toby Keith 44 Bobby Bowden 41 it
runs in a family Jeff Foxworthy 25 Steve Spirits 24 Terry Bowden still at 21 come on now
Billy Bob Thornton 19 Richard Petty 18 they learned hard junior 16 Daniel Carver 16 Billy Carter
16 Carter and Carver that's what he said he's gonna do if he ever catches or he's gonna
Carver Terry Bradshaw 15 Ted Nugin 15 Charlie Daniels 14 Jesse Helms 13 Billy Ray Cyrus 12
Cold Stone Steve Austin's got 11 10 for Anquanum's Junior and John Ascroft John Daily Nine
have another one John come on here a wall trip six Jeremy Shockey 4 Jerry Glennville 4 Charlie
Pride got four Dolly Parton 3 Tim McVeigh 3 Jimmy Carter 2 Bill Friss 2 Jimmy Johnson's just got a
small pair Strom Thurman 2 Andy Griffith 2 Carl Malone 2 and it's downhill from there Wayne
Law Pierre Junior the the the he the Hensville the NRA he ain't got it I said he has a chat show oh
5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6 6 the Audi 8 P and T and Verizon wireless like yeah his first
The guest would Chuck Eston and the first thing out of his mouth was you son of a bitch yeah
That's when he saw the Michael Moore movie again I wonder if he actually ever saw the movie and saw what a jack
Eston man on him in that movie I sure hope so I bet you know it I sure hope it makes his Alzheimer's progress many many years ahead
Oh stop picking up that poor old man yeah silly old man with a gun that's a dangerous thing man silly old man with a gun
In fact he probably ought to be on there but nobody to vote for him because nobody really perceives him as a redneck because he
Ain't like a southern kind of redneck a guns aren't for just red necks you know I forgot for all right when you're
20 till one at 5 60 WQ I am mother's day is right around the corner if you're looking for a gift for mom to show her how you really care and how creative and thoughtful you can be
Centauré Vermont teddy bear made just for her specific like the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo or the new mom for
President bear not a bad idea a friendly bear counselors rain to take your call at 1 800 829 bear and help you tell
They were bare just for your mom my for grandmother they've got over a hundred bears each handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life
Delivered with free gourmet candy in a gift card too and dad
It's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and Cup said is perfect choose any number of cups and personalize each with the name
sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative the smart alternative to sending flowers and she'll keep on hanging on to this forever and the bear too
Call 1 800 829 bear or shop online and Vermont teddy bear dot com come that ancient neo tourney to call something really smart this year something she'll appreciate
Call 1 800 829
Be a r
I
Know this is 20 oh by city
You way yeah
Voices for this week's episode were recorded in Mexico
March I'm home. I want to survey
Hope I mean fear sorry for me for that is no more be here in the refrigerator
Don't stupid refrigerator I can't bad don't ever come in but why can't you be more nice like your sister is
He's a honey we can afford a pony
He's got a little donkey you know a bull
And actually when all the sims and voices will be outsourced to India
Smitters who is being that mine and sector C
Oh, that is being homalysis. This is being a
The
Look at this here's a facts from Ed and Carl Springs who says CMQ
Has an old well-like funny guy named Guillermo Alvarez Guides
See who's on from noon to two
With a mix of good jokes old and new music that's captivated old and young listeners
You may remember Guillermo by his multiple LPs of jokes of which I collected most tough competitive for your show with that slots as Ed and Carl Springs
Okay, how many English speaking people like Ed you think are and which I don't think Ed is you know how many English speaking people do you think are listening to CMQ
No, no, no, how many people do you think know who Guillermo Alvarez Guides is I do you do yeah, he's like Josh you know who that is yeah
No, I'm just kidding
No wonder Eric's got a real problem with your ass
5 6 7 now back into that might elaborate on that but I better not 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 system about duck that would be bad
George W. Bush 151 Toby Keith 45 there ain't no contest. It's the redneck and chief. Maybe that's what we got
Of course we had Jimmy Carter who was redneckie we had Lyndon Johnson. He was real redneckie. Also got us into a real bad war
One other redneckie prison swivel Harry Truman wasn't redneck. He was a farmer from Kansas. Right real plain spoken farmer
Give me hell Harry. Downhill
I am a kind of a guy. Tamish W. Q. A. M. Hello
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Yes, sir
Strong terminus on air pali still dead in his honor. Just relax. Okay and quit shouting so much
Yeah
What's this fact here from Michelle FYI on Daniel Carver he was one of our oh he is one of Howard's Jones regulars
Especially as being the in the KKK. I think he's a grand ragged or something like that. You're called to keep him on
Why? You're called to keep him on. Oh
Well, why I don't know what that means. I mean what about here put him on air people want to vote for him
So free country okay a redneck in the KKK. I don't believe it
He's infiltrating. He's a spy
Right
560 505 60 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless how long before we get Bob a buoy on there? It'll probably be next hour. Is he redneck too?
He will be
WQA him. Hello. Yeah, sir
Okay
Oh
It's the underwater collar right? I love those my favorite. All right. The best hey
WQM they won't be there online want to guarantee you QA. I'm hello. I mean I was just told you. Yes sir. How are you?
I know how how to pair for your full about the will an elephant or Roy Clark. Oh, too very fine ones
Thank you, and thank you so much. I never great day will an else in an Roy Clark all them country people man
They're all about your redneckie. No, it's picking
I bet your willing else and hasn't paid the least many many years
And Roy Clark now we're Clark's good old boy
Right. Yeah, he's a good old boy. He ain't never still a free train good sense of humor
Could have put Johnny Cash on there because he's dead and he can't fight back but
Huh? He don't qualify
I mean we put that I'm gonna put every country in western sing around here sure Marty Robbins just because he's dead
That means we can't put him on our end-of-the-pool position. What's wrong with you?
Marty Robbins. I love that song. Columbia Records. The wine sports go to Pink Carnation
He's all dressed up for the dance
Probably the square dance. I'm here all but ain't the gay square dance. We play that anymore. No, I interviewed
Not even we can play like a little bit
Huh?
That I tell you I interviewed him once Marty Robbins on tape
We had these canned interviews when I was a DJ and we had to edit our own voices into the interview
Yeah, I interviewed him after he was dead. Got a lot of calls that day Marty Robbins. Yeah
I'll be dead
Round the long okay
Here's round the long that's what he said why can't we play that bit? That's enough
We can play that we just did play that kind of great big zipper
That's as far as we're going and that's as far as you're going except maybe to that door that leads to the exit
If you don't cut the crap right now
There beliefs are blockers, but they're at the heart of power. This is just enough to make you gag
US christian fundamentalists are driving bushes middle east policy to understand what's happening in the middle east
You must first understand what's happening in Texas speaking of rednecks to understand what's happening there
You should read the resolutions past it the states Republican Party conventions last month
Take a look for example out the decisions made in Harris County, which covers much of Houston
The delegates began by nodding through a few uncontroversial matters
Homosexualities captured to the truth are dain by God any mechanism to process license record register
Mod of the ownership of guns should be repealed income tax inheritance tax capital gain tax and corporation tax should be abolished
Immigrants should be deterred by electric fences thus fortify they turned to the real issue
The affairs of a small state 7,000 miles away. It was then according to a participant that the screaming and your fist fights began
I don't know what the original motion said
Was watered down significantly as result of the shouting match the motion they adopted stated that Israel has an undivided claim to Jerusalem in the West Bank
That Arab states should be pressured to absorb refugees from Palestine and that Israel should do whatever it wishes and seeking to eliminate terrorism
Good to see that the extremists didn't prevail then
Well, why should all of this be such pressing interest to the people of the state which has seldom celebrated for its fascination with foreign affairs
The explanation is slowly becoming familiar to us
But we still have some difficulty in taking it seriously says the UK guardian George Monbiot
Monbiot whatever's name is some frog
In the United States several million people is succumbed to an extraordinary delusion
In the 19th century to immigrant preachers cobbled together a series of unrelated passages from the Bible to create what appears to be a consistent
Jesus will return to worth when certain preconditions have been met the first of these was the establishment of the state of Israel
The next involves Israel's occupation of the rest of its biblical lands most of the Middle East and the rebuilding of the third temple on the site
Now occupied by the dome of the rock and el oxa mosques
The legions of the Antichrist will then be deployed against Israel and there will lead to a final showdown in the Valley of Armageddon
The Jews will either burn or convert to Christianity and the Messiah will return to earth
What makes this story so appealing to Christian fundamentalists is that before the big battle begins all true believers
IE those who believe what they believe will be lifted out of their clothes and walked it up to heaven during an event called a rapture
Not only did the word to get the sin at the right hand of God, but they'll be able to watch from the best seats
Their political and religious opponents being devoured by boils, sores, locusts and frogs during the seven years of tribulation which follow
The true believers are now seeking to bring all of this about this means staggering
Confrontations at the old temple site in 2003
US Christians were deported to try to blow up the mosques there
Sponsorings US settlements in the occupied territories demanding ever more US support for Israel and seeking to promote a
Final battle with the Muslim world axis of evil United Nations European Union, France or whoever leads into the anti-Christ turn out to be
The believers are convinced that they'll soon be rewarded for their efforts
The anti-Christ is apparently walking among us in the guise of Kofi Annan, Javier Solana, Yasser, Erofet or more possibly
Sylvia, Velasconi the Walmart corporation is also a candidate in my view a very good one because it wants to radio
Tag its stock thereby exposing humankind to the mark of the beast
By clicking on RaptureReady.com you can discover how close you might be to flying out of your pajamas
The infantiles among us should take note that the Rapture index currently stands at 144 just one point below the critical threshold
Beyond which the sky will be filled with floating nudists
Beast government wild weather and Israel are all trading at the maximum five points
The EU is debating its constitution. There was a free hurricane in the South Atlantic
Hamas is sworn to avenge the killing of all its leaders
But the second coming is currently being laid by an unfortunate decline in drug abuse among teenagers and a week showing by the anti-Christ both of which were only two
We can laugh at these people but we should not dismiss them that their beliefs are bonkers
Does not mean that they're marginal
American pulses believe that 15 to 8 peat 10 percent of us voted belong to churches or movements which subscribe to these teachings
A survey in 1999 suggested that this figure included 33 percent of Republicans
The best son in contemporary books in the US are the 12 volumes of the left behind series
Which provided what is usually described as a fictionalized account of the Rapture
This apparently distinguishes it from the other one would plenty of dripping details about what will happen to the rest of us
The people who believe all this don't believe it just for a little for them. It's a matter of life eternal and death
And among them are some of the most powerful men in America John asked crop the attorney general is a true believer
So our several prominent senators in the how and the house majority leader Tom Delay
Mr. Delay who's also the co-author of the marvelously named delay do little amendment
Postponing campaign financing reforms traveled to Israel last year to tell the knesset that there's no middle ground no moderate position worth taking
So here we have a major political constituency representing much of the current president's core vote in the most powerful nation on earth
Which is actively seeking to provoke a new world war
It's members see the invasion of Iraq as a warm-up act as revelation maintains that four angels
Which are bound in the great river Euphrates will be released to slay the third part of men
They battered down the doors of the White House as soon as it support for Israel waivers when Bush asked Ariel Shirona pull his tanks out of gin in
2002 he received a hundred thousand angry emails from Christian fundamentalist and never mentioned the matter again
The electoral or the electoral calculation craes these appears works like this
Government standard fall on domestic issues for 85% of the West electorate
The Middle East is a foreign issue and therefore a secondary interest when they enter the polling booth for 15%
The electorate the Middle East is not just a domestic matter. It's a personal one
If the president fails to start a conflagration there his core voters don't get to sit at the right hand of God
Bush another word stands to lose fewer votes by encouraging Israeli aggression
And he stands to lose by restraining it. He would be mad to listen to these people. He would also be mad not to
Wow
But he like that of course I do all that we're on the road arm again. Maybe we got that roadmap in our hand right now
Let's take a detour before it's too freaking late. No. Oh
Well, how about just like pull off the decided road and kind of let things cool off the wild sounds good
We got out it has got the route and when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pole
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one to two hours
Yeah, what happened to that
Reporters this is a big orders everybody hates y'all
He's a great chick sick go hey down he's a big round live and down south
She's
He should be
I think
His brain is a rental maybe he took it from
Man
He should keep his trap shut or he may give his throat cut. He'll be around as long as
Hey
He's a great chick
Oh
He's a big round living out
Hey
She's
He should be committed by this
One o'clock at five sixty WQM we got the mad dog coming at two at three thirty marlins on deck marlins at the giants
405 is game time perk in outline at seven you got the big eight to ten we apologize in advance any case in the two
This is kind of cute this thing you just passed me. Yes, cute. It was in the box. I don't know who wrote it kind of sort of
It says security alert that nearest Kennedy airport today an individual later discovered to be a public school teacher
Was arrested trying to board a flight while in possession of a ruler a protractor a set square a slide roll and a calculator
At a morning press conference of turning general John ascrops as he believes the man is a member of the notorious al jibra movement
He is being charged by the FBI with carrying weapons of math instruction
Al jibra is a first and cult ascrops said. They desire average solutions by means and extremes
They sometimes go off on tangents and search of an absolute value
They use secret codenames like x and y and refer to themselves as unknowns
But we've determined they belong to a common denominator of the axis of medieval with coordinates in every country
As the Greek philanderer I saw I saw so please used to say
I saw so least as in triangle once the last time you said that word I test the please
There are three sides to every triangle. Ain't that cute? Yeah
Good old I saw so least when I asked to come in on the arrest president bush said I've got to wanted us to have better weapons of math instruction
He would have given us more fingers and toes
Excellent not bad
That's about a seven and a half on a scale of eight and they'll mention a protagonist and here either
Oh speaking of that thing I just read moments ago. We try to give people pause so to speak
Senate president this is an italihazi florida senate president jim king apologize to jewish legislators yesterday
After an orlando minister invoked the name of jesus christ in the senate's opening prayer
Dr. Clayton clore
Senior pastor the first Baptist Church of central florida gave a lengthy invocation giving thanks for god the legislature
The nation's military and the freedom for people to believe in Jesus christ
joshki
Chlora guest to senator daniel webster republican of winter garden concluded by invoking the name of Jesus
Moments later our frustrated king took the senate podium and said that ministers who lead the senate and daily prayer
Supposed to liberate non-denominational blessing
He then reached out to the senate six jewish members to those of you who were offended or feel hurt?
Apologize king said he said he would underscore the rules because other such slapses had occurred in previous days
Chlora could not be reached for comment
When weftor was house speaker seven years ago and opening day prayer by the late reverend bill brighter orlando founder of campus crusade for christ
Through christ's maftrey broke house tradition with several references to jesus christ
Chats was crimes webster said he had no plans to censor prayer
Now he's singing a different tune
How do you like that? I don't see this is one of the thing
That I just cannot stand about it's like the the people that put all those things out in the further house
He has risen all of the southern crev if you want to believe it great keep it yourself. Okay. Leave me alone
Let's do it as your religion is a weapon
Don't beat me over the head with your fairy tales. Okay over your fear it
I beg your pardon for you're ungood. Yeah, I know. Let's screw it. They're doing your favor
Screw them just relax and take it. Oh, and speaking of a wcm qfm
Well, I'm sure excited that we have that big midday show to go against now. It's no wonder
I didn't know that too. It's on there. Yeah
So you believe that?
You believe those numbers you believe that they have a nine and nine hour and 15 minutes like the listenership every week
It's not just midday. It's all over the place not just yeah, well, it's just a morning's in midday
And like they got wired diaries all over the place. It's like that ditto ditto ditto kind of like the rush factor again
Oh, and speaking of the factor, let's just take a look and see how he did
See if this is the book that they they uh oh Riley factor
He's ever gonna show up. What time is he on is he on the same time as rush Emily? I don't know
I'm looking here middays. I see party radio ain't going anywhere. They're flat flat as a pancake Disney
Radio on more drop to point in midday and men
Our effects like I said they're making a move baby one find it with two seven look out for them
Radio romansia dropping Zeta dropping big time
What am I looking for we don't even know the call letters, but I'll find it
WNMA that's mr. Ego station from a point nine down to a point six
Let's see what kind of a number he had in the morning men 2554. Okay. Maybe mr. Ego through a number in there. What do you think?
Let's see yeah, he went from zero to a oh point nine. Who nice going Steve arena. What's your number?
Huh? No, not a whole don't get carried away. I was supposed to know
Let's see WNBM AM I'm that that's Haitian melodies point three
Uh, he didn't show up at all because isn't it FTL? Hey, what are you what is he on what's the frequency? We don't even know that
He don't exist PAT with their classical music is got
Is zero
Men 2554 they've got the big none zero zippity dude on nice move over there guys beauty
A zero oh, I know what it is is the wgna AM is that it?
No, that's a little early beach. I don't know not poem beach because that's a game from one a point one to a
zero
In mid-date men 2554
Jay and all the stations that are on here that nobody's listening to this is amazing. Just think of all the juice we could save
Shutting some of these babies off of there
Good gamy miss Molly
Wwfem radio fe
Aradio fe had a point to this is just a bunch of garbage on man too many Estacionis
Including that CMQ FM we got to do something about them anyway getting back to that
His spanish were twice as likely to be victims of consumer fraud is non-Hispanic whites the federal trade commissions top fraud expert
Worn this week. What a surprise huh? Let's sell some of the magnetic bracelets and house walker or kato doing
Ha
Amber tisers in spanish have tended to assume that no one was watching and no one was doing anything said howard beels
Oh no Howard who that's the guy's name B.E.L. E S
Howard beels the director of the ftc's bureau consumer protection. We're trying to change that assumption
He said recent frauds. He said include miraculous weight loss products to be true business opportunities
Dietary supplements that cure aids another incredible deals offered by Spanish language magazines TV channels and newspapers
A 2003 puller more than 2000 US consumers by the ftc's Spanish language media monitoring project
Determined that Spanish speakers were more likely than other groups to be duped
manual Machado
President of the Association of Hispanic advertising agencies based in Coral Gable said his association was aware of the problem
And that it makes sure its members refrain from using deceptive practices
Beels said that the ftc had levied seven complaints in recent months against deceptive
Spanish language ads for products such as weight loss pills and non-existent working home opportunities
One such federal court complaint was filed against American dream enterprises
The Miami company offers a weight loss dietary supplement called fatselcher
Which when added to water produces bubbles? Oh you ever have fatselcher
Let's give some to fat rich
Oh go get some
The effort resonating of mine with fatselcher's ingredients is supposedly department of weight loss without consumers having to exercise
The ftc complaint which is pennies is American dreams claim is scientifically unfeasible
You just got a bubble away your fat. Are you like that? Yeah
Another company latin hut
Of San Diego, California advertised the weight loss patch and a fat observer dietary supplement
Fossilic claiming equally magical result according to the ftc as part of a settlement a federal court ordered latin hut to pay
149 grand in fines amount of will go to latin hut customers
Well, thank god that his panic so the only ones that fall for fat way out for weight loss for right right likely story
California-based unisiber technology ink advertised a complete computer system for three payments of
199 bucks instead of delivering the computer at the time of the first payment
Unisiber sent keyboards and parts that are useless without the computer itself says the ftc to get the complete
Computer buyers had ascended more money and those who did so say the fc tc ended up with computers that didn't work
And of course by the guy to that time they probably hit the border
Probably in teawana Donna and perfecto rod rigas enrichment Virginia perfecto
So they ended up paying us every more than 700 bucks for what turned out to be a 13-inch monitor
The computer they finally received several months later lacked its motherboard
Remember that dianna said that and never speaking of how a bill we hit the motherboard
We were frustrated because the computer was supposed to be a present for the children said Donna rod rigas a state home
Other was six of stock reproducing so much Donna. Tell her you man
Last week a California federal court froze unisiber's business assets in order to cover the to stop making misleading statements to consumers
The cases ongoing the publicize its concerns the ftc is launching a multimedia
Hispanic law enforcement and outreach initiative offering warnings and esponial
Against consumer fraud and advice to state local police and prosecutors how to pursue cases
So don't be buying no magnetic bracelets. Okay, and don't be sending no money to walk your macato. He's a wreaking anyway
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and don't forget about our old good friend there
Bow Griffin. Oh, yeah
And miss Cleo man. Hey, she's got her saints
Which of these people best fits the description the ultimate redneck
George W Bush can't touch him man nobody's close
161 Toby Keith 48 Bobby Bowden 47 Jeff Foxworthy 26
Steve Spreys 25 Terry Bowden 22 he should be right up there man
Terry Bradshaw 21 Billy Bob Thornton 21 Daniel Carver 19
He's the only redneck in the clan Richard Petty 19 Jesse Helm 16 Billy Carter 16
They learned hard junior 16 stone cold Steve Austin 15 10 Nuget 15
Charlie Daniels 14 Billy Ray Cyrus 13
John Ascroft 13 Hank Williams, Jr. 11 Hank Goldberg Jr. hadn't had it yet
John daily nine
Seven for a strong Thurmond their wall from six Charlie Pride four dollar pardon for it jury gland will afford did we put the what's his name on there?
What's his name from a crossfire
Pat Buchanan no not pet Buchanan the a Democrat the ball had a one
Robert Novak no
James James Carville Robert Novak I thought you just said James Carville I
Just did I read I read his number
I must have zoomed by it so fast and you know what I was saying
I just said James Carville I saw that movie gaslight you're not fooling me
I thought I just said James Carville didn't you?
No, he just said the Bob Novak James Carville's got nice. It's a jury glandville
You better get yourville straight now mister or you will be a villain big trouble
Okay, put a sworn you said it
Yeah, well maybe I did say but he sure is how I'm on here. Can you find it? Are you looking for it? I'm looking for it. You look for it Josh
Take a peek for it getting it on there
James Carville and spell it right V-I-L-L-E not the Carville with the ice cream guy
Tom Carville he's dead by the way. Yeah, I know that the guy from McDonald's is dead
Dave Thomas is dead in the car. Well ice cream guy died. I don't think it's because they got too old
All the time Carville I think was pretty old when I yeah 40 it was old when I started watching those spots
five sick he looked like Colonel Sanders when you come right down
And then he looked a little like a white mustache to hold you cookie, plus come on make some real ice cream
We'll you please the Carville make something real. Let's got some face to instead of that no bland that soft serve
man
There ain't nothing worse than soft serve stretched out on your carpet
WQA and hello Neil yes sir. Hey, what's going on? How you doing? I got one for today's poll and a major contender
That was left off yesterday. Okay. Go right there. Okay. Today's poll Ted Kuzinski. Yeah, lived in a shack
And yesterday I think in the sugar shack would you make whatever's name was who did sugar shack?
I don't know, but yesterday's poll campily we forgot him
Reggie white. Oh, yeah, Reggie white. We use a scambal suit
Hey, speaking of that can you play that bit? Sure
Thanks, man. I have a rate there. Oh, we got two bits here. We got the balance Ted Kuzinski, right? Right two bits
three and we got this scambal suit and we'll play for it for two bits
113 at five sixty WQM think about this for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations
means beating the competition on every dimension even the fifth one
That's what dog macris has been doing inside Florida for over 12 years when you call one 800 macris
You get better prices better delivery times better customer service better every thing
The out of macris won the 2004 better business bureau local torture ward for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business
Before during an after the sale to when you call one 800 macris and speak with them
One of their expert betting consultants who can arrest assured you're getting the best possible macris go anywhere
Just from a complete line of silly serve the synonym king coalt and propetic
Stern's bananas foster and one 800 macris you'll discover that there's never an act to charge for same day delivery either
dial macris takes sanday orders all day long from kennel a store from Palm Beach to Ford Myers
And don't forget when you call one 800 macris you pick the date and to our delivery window
You want that macris delivered and they actually show up there might be probably their delivery record on time deliveries
99.7% of the time. I'm one of the resilience that satisfy dial macris customers and you will be two
So do the smart thing when your macris is headed just make that one easy phone call
One 800 macris or log on to macris.com
dial macris at one 800 MATTR ESD easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep for years to come
Reggie white horse scambal suit
They nothing like a hot bull and soup
You know we take me back to a time when my man done made all hold neighborhood smell like
And tomatoes
No more when all the news they've been from Campbell through like chickaboo stew with chunky rat balls and motor melon pit
And my favorite cream omule
Half lit with seagull poop to make it easier
Oh and I own them is in lunch and samples no more
Coast Campbell soup be good
Mm-hmm good
But good
That's what Campbell soup be
But but but but but but good I heard some great areas in there. You know some gay areas. I was on the phone so I didn't hear oh
That ain't gonna count. Oh not lying
That ain't gonna count when muff comes in there and starts a bitch and you ran out and you're the one that's gonna take the phone
Not y'all certainly not me. I mean, I'm sitting here like deliberating on that. You're like the final arbiter of bad taste
Okay, going for a lot of nail sense who gave Tommy the quailwood and heard the rights on the facts. I don't know
But he's not cheering. Yeah, he sounds like he's not doggy
And I won spot he's trying to butcher up real good like uh, huh? I think he had to stretch that spot out
They're only giving three words to eat so he had to slow it down. Oh he's slow to wait down
What he says? Have you just recently gained a thousand pounds?
At Tommy's really butching up man
Wait till you hear this
The Bush administration is bracing itself for the latest memoir by former insider Joe Wilson former ambassador
Well this week revealed the name of the government official who outed his wife
Revealing her identity as a CIA operative and apparent revenge for his role and proving the White House made false claims about a rat's efforts to develop nuclear weapons or is that nuclear?
work together
But it was uh, you know the commissioners will speak for themselves. Oh yeah
But what is increasingly becoming the habit during mr. Bush's presidency mr
Wilson will not make his claims on television at a press conference or even in a newspaper column
But between the covers of a must read book his memoir the politics of truth inside the lies that led the war and betrayed my wife
CIA identity is being published tomorrow
I just can't handle no more books. I just went out and bought two more yet three more yet. I can't deal with it
I'll know what I'm getting for you for your birthday this year
book set real big bookcase
Tomorrow's gonna be a busy day for mr. Wilson the former ambassador to several African countries and a member of president
Clinton's national security council
For all the initial school pull appearance book if president is any guy the revelation will quickly be devoured by all other media
And mr. Wilson will likely be filling their ways and broadcasts that day
This is dependent of course on the scoop not being leaked in advance of publication
mr. Wilson knows the score on this and yesterday he declined to spill the beans
No, I can't do that. He said he did however reveal that the movie project of the book was not so far advanced that actors have been selected
I will say that if this becomes a movie I'm happy with that he added. This is a story people should be told
And amen to that it should be told
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line if you missed the ratings earlier in the show
We did just fine on QM from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Mornings were very very weak
We don't know yet if it's Mo and Joe or both Mojo and even things. It was a panther hockey just killed us a zero point a
That oh, I mean when you get less than a solid number on this radio station
You have to be putting some real real crap on the air right right? Greg says good job
Oh, thanks, Greg. Yeah, we couldn't have without you Greg and congrats
Yeah, couldn't have done them without is he were there right now? Yeah
Says he was the billboards. We're discussing where the ratings party's gonna be
Yeah, I love that one. It says listen that really that kind of peaceful promotion man
If we did just had that six years ago, we'd have 20 30s here by now
Absolutely just take care of that CMQ FM. Okay, we got to get the take care of that deal
Just like not called power. Let's just do something subtle like knock their tower down something like that
That's a pile of crap. Okay, what's the guy's name gear most shorts? Whatever's name is yes
Never heard of the guy either right and well
What if he's only on from noon to two? What does that explain the rest of the day? Huh?
Maybe they didn't they just think he's on all day
They want maybe the people maybe they're just wiring the diaries is what I'm trying to say yeah
Which seems to be a very very favorite kind of thing to do in certain communities. I don't want to say which ones you know
I mean
Like WRHC rest in peace. They used to be a daytime station back in my days at WS news years ago
What they used to do was take the when they would get the diaries
They would take it and fill it out WRHC and all across the time
Even even at night did oh did oh did oh the only problem is there were daytime are these to go off its sundown
That's how much they liked it so they would sign off the air like in 530 in the winter time
But at six o'clock at night eight o'clock at night 10 o'clock at night when there was no signal there
They were still writing down WRHC
Uh to help with it out whatever the hell they were writing. Oh man. It's just it's uh, well, you know
We're doing the best we can I think out of these circumstances right doing about as good as we can
Mind you mental
Now a Greg isn't still air is he no he's not ah damn cuz you should now you should have reminded me
You should have a pledge from him that because this is so close
That regardless of how the final number comes between CMQ FM and us that we could guarantee the number one bonus. Oh, we'll get it
But we'll get it no chance chance
Here's one it says I don't know if you talked about this but the beeslees and John Ross
GM of KLSX
96.1.4 Myers are enlisting their own brand of censorship as if today during the Howard show in the middle of Jenny MacArthur
Talking and Howard doing what he does the imposed a commercial in the middle of the conversation
Coming back when they felt it was okay when they felt it was okay
They did later uh and interview with an armless legless wrestler who was a great kid and we're talking about how he does certain things with no legs or arms
Pretty tame stuff as he talks they drop in a promo
The reason this bothers me is obvious
But the hypocrites run spots about stopping censorship and to call and tell you how they feel about the stern show and with this
Your bosses are on the warpath keep up the great shows. Hey just kiss the radio that you got a model with their okay if you enjoy he shows
Well, he's got some nerve facts in us over in this coast. Okay, what is the song to dance about there?
Just be glad you got any of it if you like the sperm show, okay?
And let me say again big 106. Okay precipitous flop man
They just are falling off the face of the globe and nobody could be heavier than this
But I'll say it again. In fact, I want to take a look at the homepage
Okay, cuz I think maybe subliminally we're doing a reverse. We're promoting the maybe they think we're promoting those stations
I don't know
But a nice job Eric. He is the best. He got him off of there already didn't he? I don't think I
Do believe this thing takes forever to download and he got those logos off and they're already there's old paddler in box
Just like magic. He just wiped him clean
And if you're listening to any clear channel station. That's what you ought to do is get out some sherman and wipe your radio clean, okay?
Because that radio right now is full of something we can say
Do not be doing that that that would be my own deal. See of course. I would never listen to their stations anyway
But I listen to iod fox no sports. No
What else they got?
Um, mizeta god forbid. Uh, what else man in black? No for me
What am I leaving out? I don't know I forgot the uh
Well you're with there then they got that country thing and we've listened to anyway
And of course big not so big no more they're gonna have to change the name of that station the whole the whole format's gonna have to be changed small 106
Let's see you mentioned Francisco arruco earlier I can offer some info
It says he has two daily shows one in English and other in spanyol
The English show airs Monday through Friday on waxy 790 from 8 to 9 a.m
He buys the airtime on Monday plays a left-wing show called alternative radio
Which features speakers like noam chomsky howard's in it service sounds great
The spanish ores Monday through Friday 1450 a.m. From 9 30 to 10 30. I don't listen to this one
Says hector you'll also be interested know that the website progress so weekly which features max castero is alruca's brain child
I would say just based on reading this fact
He's probably the best in the market right Cisco. Arruca is the best radio show on him. I want what what time is he on?
I don't know
It says check out the bs detector which trips to herald the new ass every day
Us as a new polar reader. Sorry
Hector says p.s if you want to hear a hostile crowd
You should hear his shows when he talks about Cuba
He really pisses off the green tuss to the point that advertisers won't touch his show except his own travel agency
Bookstrips the Cuba
My new hero all right
How do you like that? Yeah, I think that bitch may have had a point. He's excellent thing
We're excellent a couple times and and uh, where you drop him off with articulate. He uh pulls no punches. He's well researched
Mm-hmm and a good guy and probably like max castero probably he'll be disappearing while these days pretty soon
Go south Florida. We don't put up with that kind of crap very long in south Florida
All the old green tuss get really bent out of shape and it come on shaking her hands and fist into magnetic bracelets
They might have a water marcado put a damn curse on him
I beg the local
Oh come and listen to my story about a man named kid a Harvard graduate here and voices in his head
And then one day he was feeling kind of weird. He moved to Montana
Ain't through himself is beard crazy that is
Sacklepants
Scra�n's eye
Well the first thing you know
Ted begins to brood
Can folks said Ted that's a uniform or dude
Said californians where the trials gonna be so they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully
Exhibit a jury pose where smells
His lawyer says that
Ted's the craziest
If you don't believe it just read his manifest
Ted says he did it because he hates technology
And that's why he mailed all those people TNT
Mail call
Letter bomb
Duck and cover
Well now it's time to say goodbye to 10 his defense and he would like to thank you folks for paying the expense
You're all invited back again to fiscal Cality
To fight a person's decision of his own biography soon to be a movie H.V.O
Jerry Springer y'all tuning now you hear y'all tune in there. We go one thirty two at five sixty WQM all the right next all the time man
We got him we got right next up the old
Yeah
WQA and hello nil yes sir. I got two questions for you. Okay. First of all let me give you um two ex-football coaches
Okay, yeah, Phillips and Jerry Granville Jerry Granville's honor
He's not doing two ladies that four five was
How about one for us his stomach son of bum. Okay, and I got a question for you a George. Yes
When Jesus walked on water did you walk or did the moon walk?
He did the moon walk. Oh, thank you, Neil. You're welcome. No problem. Bless you my child
He did the moon walk and that's why he and Michael are gonna be joined together very soon
560
7.0560
Yeah
Michael's gonna be standing at the lot once he's on the inside. Don't you think no question?
I
Think he's gonna be saying Jesus Christ a lot. I think a lot of it will be wrong
But I don't think so I think he's gonna last too long. I think he'd be like a father
Gaggen
Once he's on the mobile do you laugh at that because it was so funny. They're gonna have to put him in
solitaire your contusion
560 560
Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I thought it was Moses that the now Jesus did water walk on water
But Moses the one at the he like a part of the sea he parted it right. Yeah, and then Moe part of his hair
That's the muskrat kind of crawl out
Double the QAM hello
Neil yes, sir
Hey listen crew law school. I had a cancer right into uh fleet daily and
I don't know if he qualified
In the redneck category, but boy he sure came across as one of them in Prokentore
Well, let's get him on there then. Those are known best world
He's not my brother. Did John rocker on there. Yeah, okay, because he's the one that definitely you
You grew with his name and that's what comes off right on the picture redneck
Okay, thanks pal. I have a great day
We put him on there very late to try to give some others a handy crap now
He ain't gonna catch El Presidente John rocker, but I have a feeling there he is. He's already got seven
He's only been on there like about two seconds right he moves fast
He's making a big move because he's a big guy
In fact, he's probably headed for the subway right now
This is always there's no
Queers or Haitians or any of these things on a on the subway
Infected Haitians right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WDQAM. Hello
Yes, like a token. They'll please speaking. Oh, Neil. Hey, I got the greatest one for you nobody
I don't think nobody's mentioned it the biggest redneck of all. Yes
Jim Foxworthy
Nobody's mentioned Jeff Foxworthy
The one that says you're a redneck
Yeah, well
That's what I was talking about. I mean, how could he have 28 votes if nobody mentioned him that oh
Jeff Foxworthy's got 28 votes. See again
I realize we have people coming and going all this other crap which we can't permit anymore. We can't afford any downtime
Okay
No, seriously now that we got Kiamo Schwartz on here on CMQ FM from noon to two, you know
We could handle the what's his name rush right we handled him okay in his last and in fact pretty handling pull the way right
But a guy that tells dirty jokes in Spanish. We can't compete but a guy that tells all kinds of crap in Esponio
Oh man, how do you compete with that in South Florida, huh? You're nobody speaking English no mo
All right, I tell you one thing though Kiamo you better watch your ass because once we start playing them
Celia cruise records then they will fear us okay
We just been holding back we've been giving like a little handy crap. I had started to kind of catch up
But once we start with that crap then you're finished finito bonito, you know what I mean
Kiamo Schwartz. I mean what kind of garbage is it this is simulation baloney man the biggest lie and of course the hero
That's another one of their lies. We ripped them in ass yesterday well deserved
That's another phony baloney bunch of crap they've been promoting years and years and years well the assimilation process
Right if they keep reading your piece of crap rag which they don't but if they did it would never happen and probably won't
I think what we need to do once we take care of the election here we get a real present and they're in there final way to get us out of this mess
I think the next in fact
I'd have been a hell of a lot happier if they wanted to invade somebody invade Cuba sure
That caused me get that bearded bastard that they could do it like over a weekend okay over one weekend
And then we'll see who's going where okay, then we'll see all the big talk. Yeah
Well that crap
I remember so vividly back during the ugly alien days somebody darkest nastiest ugly as days in South Florida
I remember all those young people getting sucked into that madness to the Elga to whipped up into what see by their elders
Who convinced them that this was some kind of an ethnic thing as opposed to just another child custody case
Which it was oh?
No, he was the symbol poor little alienito and his happy me earlier. Yeah, he was the baby Jesus
He was the baby Jesus what everybody knows and then of course when he got the dragged into the closet then they really started getting nervous
you know
Because when you start looking into the closet and the Cuban family well got only knows who might be hiding in there
WQAM. Hello
Neil Watchers. It's okay. Wouldn't be no Fisherman either. What is it sir?
Neil Watchers is a radio terrorist
WQAM. Hello
God speaking
Hey, when is two years ago? You and mr. Jorge?
Let's go great. Got one. Go on question here. Although I know no one's gonna be mine. Pure bush
Does it have to be a male on the list? No, we got some ladies on air a few ladies
If you can call him that how about Miss Ponya Harding?
Well somebody mentioned that but a guy was like a hit and run artist kind of like her so
Oh, is she really a redneck? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
I think I can recall her ever speaking well. That's good. I can even choose to play that I hate that bitch. What try it. Okay, you got a man take them up
You know you were reading that other article. Yes
About the rapture right and they say something about about floating nudity people
Isn't that the Hall of Rebeach? That's the place
No, they said the rapture not the rupture man get it right. Have a great thing. He must have been there. Yeah, they had a rupture on Hall of Rebeach
Oh
Evie yet another guy's there standing around in the bushes with the obinoculars those are my favorite gay
In fact when you got your binocs there when you're standing under the tree you see a lot of them
John Ashton writes make no mistake. We are 1930s Nazi Germany. This is on our website
Do I dare read this could you it's too long? How about when I come back all right break where you go?
I'll take a leak. I mean take a
pee
What we can still say leak did you see leak on that list? I don't think so okay
Last time I checked leak was a vegetable is it not that's right
Leak is like an onion I do believe in that what they hear the briches that a lot a lot of leaks
I thought it was a kind of potato
Is it a potato leak no idea really? I really don't know in fact. I've seen leaks soup. Yeah. I think I've eaten leaks soup
Potato leak now back in the day. Yeah, you're right. It's it's a potato thing back in the day
We could have probably examined that a little more deeply, but I don't think right now be a good time
21 till two at five sixty qm mad dog at two marlin's baseball pregame of three thirty
We're sports radio five six
UAM
Announcing the show you've been waiting for America. It's tanya hiding ice capay
Here's a limpy gold medalist catterina vitt yes skating to the classics. Oh nice split jump there
Here comes her take off into a double left
Oh, she's down she's in agony now it's Brian botanon attempting a triple salco
Oh
Perfectly executed triple chuna soap by tanya hearting see the precision team of tanya hearting Jeff Gullily and her fat guy body guard wipe out skater after skater
Oh now crispy on a Gucci
It's
It's hung bomb a whole family
Especially if you're the corleona gotty family order your tickets for tanya hiding ice capay
These and look cross accepted. You're not saying there are a bunch of redneck e-trainer treasury
Uh, yeah, they are there
144 16 till two at five sixty w. Q. A. Wait John Ashton in the moderate independent rights
Senator Christopher jade died Democratic Connecticut. No, the differences he had with neck reponding with the diplomat was invested into a hundred
years in the 1980s
Those different system largely from a lack of candor about what the US was and wasn't doing in central america and the conflict of that time
Dodd said and although I intend to support and strongly support this nomination when it comes to a vote in this committee and later on the senate floor
I want to make one point especially clear that same issue candor in my view is going to be critical with respect to continued support for
U.S. policies in Iraq
Dodd told negropondy that if the administrations policies are not working it'll be your duty to the american people to say so
and it's a so very clearly without any hesitation so that we can make course correction before it's too late that quote from Fox News
John Ashton writes this is a real moment of danger for america the bush limbaugh republicans are the 1930 Nazis period
And these unites that make up the democratic party these battered wives will come up with any excuse to allow these Nazis to continue doing what they're doing
Means that america will go the way of nazi germany
I mean look at who this negropondy isn't what his record is and then it's got a link to click on to and then look at Dodd's words
Dodd knew all about this when it was occurring the horrible human rights abuses that occurred on agropondy's watch and which negropondy covered up for
Dodd knows that who that's who negropondy isn't what he has done and he made an issue of it when negropondy was nominated for ambassador to the when just three years ago
And as he says plainly he knows it is exactly the same issue candor which is going to be critical for the post negropondy is being assigned to the ambassador to Iraq
In other words Dodd knows negropondy lied i.e. the issue of candor last time nation gave him its trust
oversaw illegal operations covered up horrible butchered human rights abuses
And he knows president pushes now nominating him as our ambassador to Iraq putting him in exactly the position to cover up horrible
abuses once again in fact it seems the only reason president push would have taken negropondy away from his you and post to put him there
But Dodd won't hold him accountable
All we can say to this man who has shown his horrible nature I'll let you get away with all of that
Oh and by the way don't do it this time please
As always when the democrats initially stood up for the nomination of negropondy as you and ambassador the bush lumballians rather than cave in fire back twice
His heart and the response is always the worst democrats caving in
Here Dodd knows what he's faced with with a situation similar to the one in the 19ies in Honduras
Dodd knows negropondy's record but not only won't he oppose the nomination as anyone who cares about america or human rights would
But he will strongly support it again in his words. I intend to support and strongly support this nomination
It worth enough for him to even support this horrible man who he stood up against before
But is a true gutless coward now he wants to make sure he says he will strongly support him
Make no mistake americans in a lot of trouble a lot the bush lumballians even if defeated this election won't go away
And will continue to fester and fester into a parallel version of imperial terrorists all of the Nazis Napoleon or the other countless other examples of this occurring throughout history
That is this will happen unless you stand up
We can't come to leadership of the future because certainly the mortality free republicans nor the ball free democrats will
It is up to the moderate independence to boldly strongly stand up now in defense of our nation
Not by stupid useless protesting nor by stupid violence but by getting involved the SU in the political processes candidates
Is there anyone with both balls and accountions living in america who's willing to put down their remote control and stand up in defensive their nation
What a good column from the moderate independent?
John Ashton inspiring it embarrassing
About this slime bag nigger ponte what do you call it?
slime bag oh
You heard what i said
You've probably been done in the keys heads of that keys slime pie yeah, it's good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line biggest red that come mom sure glad we got a couple of these on it right toward the SM the show
So they can get their just desserts goodbye tomorrow morning
In fact, let's see if anybody on the bottom list. Oh look at that the whole bunch of people don't have any
Matthew McConaughey
I'mus Jimmy Buffett Jimmy Buffett don't have any votes
I think suffer the likes to be buffer which scares the hell out of me
Sam Elliott Zach Thomas Chris Collinsworth Glenn Campbell Ted Kaczynski bump Phillips and Tony Harding don't have any
Did we put timmick vayon air not yeah?
Thank goodness about a lord hate to see you make another mistake because there will be all over your ass
Come in the QAM. Hello. How you doing? You pretty good pali?
About Charleston, Heston and sunny box
sunny box is good. Yeah, okay
Oh
In fact, we never did get a hold of sunny to recut that promo that he's got there
You know the one where he says hi, this is sunny box. I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word yeah
Not anymore. You can't not no more you can't sunny
So I guess you probably ain't listening no more
Look abuse of Iraqi prisoners probed a few weeks ago the US Army announced that 17 soldiers in Iraq have been removed from duty and six of them were facing court
Marshall for mistreating Iraqi prisoners that Abu Ghraib the infamous prison where Saddam Hussein and his henchmen tortured and executed Iraqis for decades
60 minutes to has obtained photographs of what was happening at Abu Ghraib the photo show American soldiers mistreating Iraqi prisoners
In his Wednesday morning briefing Jim a Brigadier general Mark kimit said the photos maybe showing in Danny Rathers report on 60 minutes to that was last
I did you see it I didn't they'll
I go and CBS
To discover the photographs by the army landed in investigation
Which concluded that there were problems at the prison from the general in charge of the prison to the military police guard in the prisoners
An investigation into abuse claims started in January after US soldier came forward with allegations of abuse
Kim and an interview conducted by satellite satellite from Baghdad told Dan Rather were appalled
These are our fellow soldiers. These are the people who work with every day they represent us
They were the same uniform as us and they let their fellow soldiers down
We expect our soldiers to be treated well by the adversary by the enemy if we can't hold ourselves up as an example of how to treat people with dignity
Respect we can't ask that our other nations do the same to ourselves. Just mention that in passing
As part of the insanity that we've voiced it
Of course remember there are all them terrorists that used to be over there or that's right there. They're now Africa
They were in bed together
Also, no matter give you any reason to have cost for alarm the FBI is over at law enforcement agencies nationwide
The danger that terrorists could be using stolen passports to move freely across borders and enter the US away
A recent classified FBI bulletin warns that stolen French passports
Our particular concern because France is one of 27 countries whose citizens do not need visas to enter the US
Revisits of nine days or less
French citizens need only show their ill passaporto to get into the US airport
Thousands of French passports in order to have been stolen past year on July 22nd of last year
Two government hijacked a vany or marseille in southern France and stole five thousand black passports
Almost two months later on September 10 hundreds more blind passports were stolen from a courier service near Leon
And two months ago and two more robberies in France thieves stole 93 hundred passports and burned a van apparently destroy the evidence
I think we got a solution for that. Let's just stop letting people from France come in. What are you saying? Okay
Stop the weiner domain
Bye bye froggy and just as a bonus we've in the Swapmulls and in East Pipe and back
And no extra charge
151 nine minutes till two of the mad dog coming up at two o'clock marlins on deck man
We might actually get some numbers with the marlins this year. There's some interest. There's marlin fever
They're winning like almost there be day they're on fire
They're at San Francisco today 330 pregame show marlins at the giants 405
Spring at a savings right now and save like never before on a new car or truck from armstrong toyota of homestead
You're on us one 20 minutes out of the 836 and it's worth the drive to go there because they're gonna save you so much cash literally
Thousands on unbeatable deals great new toyotas check out the great least deals waiting for you right now
An 04 camera your for one or just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an 04 high-linder distriot 9 a month needed truck
How about an 04 to a different or the safest truck in america pay just
179 bucks a month for 48 months these are just some of the great deals waiting for right now at armstrong
So experience the armstrong toyota homestead difference for yourself
They're locally owned and operated are committed to 100% customer satisfaction to their service department is even open late to late
We'd nights to make sure they get all you worked on for you
It's easy to find them. They're right in the corner of us one and 293rd street in a homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836
And wait to hear this deal armstrong toyota homestead offers you free tires batteries and replacement parts for the life of your vehicle
That's correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else nowhere does that
So forget about the big mega dealers and car giants who give you that big song at an inch and let you down
Call a GM at armstrong toyota homestead david rich column right now at 305
242 3247 for an unbeatable deal. It is absolutely un
Bailey 35242 3247 grab a little and save a ton. I'm that great new toyota at armstrong toyota of homestead
420
Got my flight
And a bad dispossession
You're a big and
And now it's down to the
Because you're pitch inser in this well I hate it
But this move is still pending
Oh John rocker take up soccer pack up all you get
That you're lucky now. Oh John rocker what a shocker use the body. We should be in the
Now oh John rocker take up soccer then we can take your balls
Just take them all over town
This is such a mildly cloud
Everybody knows your rock is going down down down
158 at 560 WQ and see the other one this psychiatry one. That's kind of cute, but I couldn't play it
Yeah, I listen to when he says something about baloney
Yeah, and I do like baloney. I'll bet I mean, it's not great, but a little bit of baloney is okay once in a while
You fry it. Especially fried baloney never had it. Oh, yeah good stuff
Fried baloney are you sure? Yeah, and lots of cheese on it. It's good. Oh, that sounds really good some maybe some cheese whiz
Thought cheese
What's it these people best fits the description of the ultimate redneck that's our poll today a lot of response lots of red necks
And so little time 716 vote
I'll present at the George W 184 nobody's even within
Shouting distance. Okay
George W 184
Bobby Bowden's got 60
Toby Keith 55 Jeff Foxworthy 29. Why don't we put him on there?
Yeah, Terry. Well, that's what they've been doing all day. They do it every day now
I want you to put someone so on here and we've been talking about it all day long. Terry Granchard 26
Steve Spurrier's 25
Terry Bowden's still a 24 he should have 500
There's something definitely definitely a wrong with your judgment
Richard Petty all them NASCAR people 23 Billy Bob Thornton 22 Daniel Carver 22
Jesse Helms 21 Dale Earnhard Jr. 19 Stone Cold Steve Austin 19 Billy Carter's got 16
Ted Nugin 16 Charlie Daniels 15 John Ascroff 14
Billy Ray Cyrus 14 John Rocker 13 just aforementioned
Strongest Irman 13 Hank Williams Jr. 12 John daily nine David Duke is got six James Carville
Six-year-old trip six and it's a Jeremy Schrocky five and the small potatoes after that
We got faith potatoes coming up hour and a half a tough assignment today. All right, Mad Dog 2 to 3 30
And we got that pregame show Marlon's at the Giants cut like a rematch a last year's NLCS
NCL whatever it was at 3 30 this afternoon
Bye bye bye
Oh
