Mr. Dan Gernstein, campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential campaign.
Yisgadal, Yisgadash, Shemeh Rabo,
Ve Olemod, Ivaro Chiroushe, Ve Amni Khmal Fusay,
Vagolo, Uwizman Khoriv, Veimaru Homen.
Oh, boy.
This holiday season, the spirit of peace, honor, and good wealth,
towards men, is alive.
The sci-fi channel proudly presents a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is a whack.
Live from a burnt out dilapidated storefront in the alley behind
thrilling eyes in Avenue in Nork, New Jersey.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is a whack.
With special guests, Yasmeen Gleef, Life Garrett, Nick Nolte, and Mary and Barry.
Was the nack the full equipment, I be part of my car,
Snow and some Coke and drinking gin from the jaw.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas, with a surprise appearance
by the Newark Undercover Narcotics Division, and Whitney's bi-polar husband, Bobby Brown.
Bits crack this cheek.
Brought to you without commercial interruption by Javall and Kehem,
who supplied the MacArthur Highway Hood.
Crack is whack.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Oh, right.
Speaking of Bobby Brown.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
Let's wait in the queue.
Oh, man.
I don't think, for example, is making any a comeback.
Would you be great?
Oh, speaking of Shambles, talk since we got about 13 minutes to fill.
Are we doing two breaks or one?
No, just one.
Just one.
All right.
Yeah.
Okay, let me scratch that out.
When I'm down, scratch it out.
Since we got 13 minutes to kill, we could play a little bit of that, not too much.
Boy and down, my car is bad.
My teeth is sad.
I tell all the girls making gifts, my hiding.
I think that's enough.
Okay.
Well, we don't want to go crazy, especially your close friend being in the building
is the room where I'm here in around town.
We don't want to let our corporate attorney get all bent out of shape,
because we're doing dirty stuff with Frank's app on it,
or especially that for real life in the background would be really a bad idea.
Anyway, Skunk Aid, that's Tommy's van, are you sure about that?
Yes, it definitely.
Are you sure?
I see them live a few times.
Heavy metals, Skunk Aid, Heavy Metal Live, December 18, I wonder what they say today is the 14.
It sounds like Saturday.
It sounds like Saturday.
It's Saturday.
It's 10 p.m.
Are you going to be there?
No, I won't be there now.
I'm going to be there.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am.
You are going to check it out.
Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
And the beast will be helping over at the Hard Rock playing the Make Believe Slots
until the real ones come in.
Have you ever gone over there and played there at the Hard Rock?
It was phony baloney.
You got to play Bingo first.
Make Believe Slot machines?
Yes, I've had the state daughter of play.
I still don't understand it.
And please don't waste anybody's time by trying to explain it again,
because I've had more people try to explain to me.
But you got to play a Bingo first, and then...
It must be really depressing.
Have you been there yet?
No.
But every time I driven by there, it just packed.
You can't get near that place.
Oh, yeah.
And these are the same people who warned everybody about the evils of gambling
in those terrible Slot machines.
Yeah, right.
It's not all that money on those ads.
And the meantime, all they want to do is hop up all the business for themselves.
I don't want to say that we got some selfish people involved in those organizations.
You ever say, I'm going to kill that?
Yeah.
I wonder what Diffle would think of that.
So what do you think of those machines there playing that crap?
Uh, not my thing.
No.
No.
So you give me the real thing.
Exactly.
It's like the difference between having sex with like a real person or with like a blow-up
doll.
Wouldn't you say that's a good analogy?
I would say so, yes.
Yeah.
Well, maybe you'll work on one of the other pretty soon.
I think Beast has a lovely girlfriend is what I heard.
I do.
There you go.
And her sight ever comes back.
It could be a little bit touchy.
Let's see.
This is going to be at the factory in Fort Lauderdale, Skunk A, Heavy Metal Autami's Band,
our own squeaky voice, Tommy.
And do I want to give this phone number and stuff?
No, let's not get carried away.
You give the website.
They have a good website.
Skunk A Brock.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Skunk A Brock's.
Well, I don't think we can say rocks.
Skunk A Rocks.
This time, he's still sporting the short haircut now because the Fee's in a heavy metal band.
I'm wondering why he did that.
Why he can't look at me.
It's a short and spiky.
How about the hair?
That too.
See, I'm tempted to like, oh, and the good news is, boy, I do a great job.
Pat yourself on the back.
Look at that.
What a great job I did.
I'm not even charging them for the engineering fee.
I saved them another trip by our Toronto engineer coming up here because when you know,
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you really show everything, you know, you know, you know, you experience international appearances, you know, you know, you
blinking other times in, you look at it, you look at them, you look at it, you look at it, you look at it, you look at it, you look at it and Chinese radio, you want to know what my English is, what your English is, what friends look at it, your playing games, what well笼老師 games, what enemy wonders are there and B
Okay, let's take a few calls here in a couple of minutes before we do that break.
Then we'll start to show him why he did up for official like 11 o'clock.
We got a pretty pristine lineup today. We got the Mad Dog at two, the Humper at four,
the big at seven. He really is. Rock solid and any key attack.
I'm beginning to feel that the big O is starting to get up seven with me. Is that true?
No, not at all. I don't say that. I got the feeling when he was standing in the doorway that day that I was like ripping him and ass.
He understands that I like him personally just fine. He's a good guy. He just blows on the air. That's all.
What? Well, you know people like that. You work with one.
I don't want to mention any name. In fact, you both work with one. Although I don't know if Dave Hamboy is a nice guy. Is he a nice guy?
Yeah, he is a great guy. There you go. So there's a difference. See, this again depends on whether you really want to run a business or whether it's like a fraternity.
You want to have a much of nice guys around it like never stole a freight train, real pleasant, easy to get along with.
Low key, you know, or you want to have people with talent because generally speaking people with talent tend to be like hard ass like me and like.
Hey, stop it. We're not like easy to get along with. Come to QA and hello.
And you know how you doing buddy? Pretty good, pal. Why do you have that retard in there? Be shut up. Don't fuck it on your show.
Right. That's right. That's why we had two good starts in a row two days in a row. Excellent.
See when you get your own hate club out there, that means you're starting to make some points.
Wtc QA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, this is, you know, that's fat boys friend. And it goes to show a birds of a feather sucked together. Just an absolute
an episode. Yeah, we got your faxia today. Retard. Oh, you're an idiot. Wtc QA and hello to a
M. Yes, sir. A meal. Yeah, I think I asked you something. Why you have to feast on the air, man?
Should we take a photo with a beach and stay or go? That should be the party today. Who lost the beef in the air?
Two out of three ain't bad. You bet in 667. Even Thai cop never got an average like that. Even baby root never had one.
I didn't mention baby roots. I probably go on start steaming candy bars out of the prize prizes like fat boy.
I know you're not having been talking that much yesterday. I thought yesterday show went fine. It was okay. Sure.
Yeah, even though we didn't have to start like 10 o'clock on being honest to us. And today everybody's saying,
well, they're still haven't done the news yet. They haven't started with a seriously is John the
Stutterer like somebody new on a Stern show because they used to be stuttering John and went to the
Letterman. It's the same person. So why does he call him John the Stutterer? I don't know. It's just, you know, how it
been. No, no, maybe they have a legal thing. Maybe you can't call him Stuttering John on who show he has to be. No, no, that's a separate guy.
The Stuttering John. Sure. Yeah. Definitely.
Stuttering John. No, no, no. He's on the. Okay. No, no, no. Are you sure?
Well, we're sure about that. He's on the lead. Oh, he knows that. I don't know if he was a back for a.
Yeah, I got news for you better start learning your stutterers, man. And I'm starting to agree with this audience about the beast.
He don't always stutterers. Yeah. Pretty soon you're going to be doing a little stutter step right out the door there.
If you don't get with it, now yesterday was fine and today will be even more fine. You'll see WQA and hello.
I will be taking off the air too. WQA and hello.
Hey, forgot to tell me what time the show started. You've got blessed. No man. Okay. WQA and hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Stuttering John is one guy. John the Stutterer is another guy. It's two separate people. Thank you very much.
All right, buddy. Let's have a great day. What do I know? Yes, he is a real stirring guy. That's a New York guy. Good one.
And he had the real load on. But Josh, I knew that was just interesting to me because Josh tells us he don't listen to the Stern show.
Well, I did in like high school. He was he's been around for a long time. John the Stutterer. Yeah.
And the Stuttering John, John the Stutterer. No, no, but I'm saying when we get barely down with that at all, that was John the Stutterer also honored and he preceded him.
Well, he's not like on the show. He's just like, you know, they have like Gary the retard and like these guys a little bit fit guest from like.
Yeah, and he's one of those guys that you know shows up or going to one I see.
Well, that's good. If we can get a few Stutterers on here. We might put us right over the top.
WDQM. Hello, Beastline. Hey, yeah, the beast is okay. But God forbid if we bring in Lenny Martez along with that Spanish music and a background, I'd be out.
Okay, thanks. Okay. So the beast has got one leg up on Lenny Martez and we're going to charge admission. You can take a peek at that.
So now what's the story? You're going to be on all week or do we get this is just like a surprise when I wake up in the morning.
I find out who's wobbling around and I believe the only day I will not be here is Friday Friday. We'll hit the lovely Miguel.
So I'll make sure that I don't read any bedtime stories on Friday.
Now, Mr. Joe, we're on your right mornings and we did.
And we're so long a clock after a fight.
This has been the old Roger show.
This is your blame. Go, go, go, go, go. Any questions?
Excuse me. Hi, can I help you? Hi, yeah, I just bought these and I'd like to have them get wrapped. Do you have Christmas wrapping?
Sure. Two aisles over near the Christmas tree.
Two, two, two, I'll go. Thank you very much.
Oh, yeah.
Pardon me. Is this Christmas wrapping?
That's right food. Check it out. Happy holiday, y'all. We hope it's Mary.
Because you're going to be both come.
Stay you ever.
I'm sure I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping.
Go ahead and jump about your own. It ain't so easy when you're doing at home.
Because we got the rest. We got the rivers and you know we love money more than wrapping.
Thank you, man.
We got the right.
Thank you. We got the right.
I don't know about you, but I'll be real happy when all these holiday things are over with.
All of the good part of it is it isn't as invasive as it used to be.
And when I was a kid, it would start like right from the second Thanksgiving.
It was over in some time even before Thanksgiving.
It would start with you know the Christmas Carol and the Christmas song.
And just bury your with it. You're just drowning in pine trees.
Well now it's all up the shopping.
All the holidays now are about the big bucks baby.
That's what it's all about. All about cash.
Here's the poll results from yesterday. They hated this poll even though we had 1445 votes, which isn't too bad.
But they hated it.
And of course Josh was going to put Elvis on there. He said, well that's a good one.
Absolutely. And of course it just looked your mind.
Yeah, I guess so.
You were too busy worried about going and playing the slots at the Harrakasinovoader.
Yeah, I was planning it out. So I don't know why you're so militant about that.
It makes no difference to me one way or the other.
In fact, when you go to Vegas or anywhere, I hope you win some money. Good luck to you.
No, it's just I don't know why you're so really feeling about it.
I think I did. I just got you brainwashed.
It's nothing to do with George.
George has got you convinced that if you admit, in fact you probably have played the slots.
You know, just maybe a few quarters.
But if you admit doing it, you will think you're gay, which they should know better than that.
Yeah, you know, I live my life on what George thinks.
Oh, not that you're getting defensive or anything like that.
And you shouldn't be the defensive one as beast that the audience is attacking.
We haven't even just officially started the show now.
They're already got him under attack.
I bet you I bet you wouldn't have to do anything here the whole day.
We could just think it calls on the beast.
There's a ton of people out there that hate me for something.
I can't imagine why they're all hired fans.
They're what? They're both fans.
Oh, I didn't know which Howard you.
We got so many Howard's.
Sorry, so little time.
You got to be more specific when you can do that.
You got to go.
Like that.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely right.
Oh, and now wait a minute.
You say there's a ton of people out there that hate you and they're all Howard David fans.
They don't have a ton of fans.
They were, you know, listening to Howard when I was on the show.
And they were like, oh, man.
Yeah, in other words, blonde from a little Havana, right?
It is cousin.
And it's all chronic.
And chronic.
And I think Dennis.
And who else ever called that show the same happy doesn't miss fits?
Yeah.
See, I tried, but I'm not going to go into it.
There's no point in, you know, crying over spilt milk.
Because nobody will listen to me.
I don't know nothing about doing a talk show with what I know.
But when you put on the same chronic losers day after that, you know, I mean, for two seconds, they might be amusing.
Like, please, you know, like a pro-Zachron.
He's kind of got his moment.
And that's all it gets is just a moment.
It's a good thing.
And that's it.
Now there are somewhere else.
What do you mean?
They're calling someone else.
Yeah, I heard one from a little Van is calling Joe Rose over on the ESPN790.
Is that correct?
That is true.
Well, that's why that Joe was off to a good start there.
He was going to put in a big number.
But if he's going to pick up all the slop that Mo left behind us, not a good idea, Joe.
I thought the little boy was a little bit sharper than that.
We asked yesterday which celebrity is most successful only because of his or her personal appearance.
Dead or alive, whatever.
Brittany, 426.
She wins by a pretty comfortable margin.
Couldn't sing a word of a paper sack.
Not that anybody cares.
And the more slutty she becomes, I think that people are starting to like her a lot more.
Right.
See, George thinks that they like her less.
I disagree.
I think she's becoming more popular.
Now she's got the slot appeal.
No.
I think people are getting pretty tired over.
Really?
Yeah.
And Nicole Smith 3-11 back in the day when she was beast like.
Pan Anderson 3-01, another one that George hates.
Jessica Simpson 1-44.
See how it always comes back to the little George.
Jessica was right there in the studio that day in George.
Of course, the fact that he barely comes up to the top of the counter.
So he spent a lot of time looking out of the counter.
Ashton Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi.
And that has got to be one of the worst shows.
That 70 show?
It was good when it first started.
But now it's...
Oh, that show is so bad and the characters on there are so...
Best.
Chris, that little Mexican guy, whatever his name is?
Oh, yeah, I feel it.
Oh, man.
Give me a break.
Yeah.
Ashton Kuchi Kuchi 79.
JLo 75.
Welcome.
I still believe she's one of those.
Marilyn Monroe 35, Reston P.
Brad Pitt got...
But he's still can act.
But you're right, if he wouldn't look pretty good.
And still looks good as a matter of fact.
But if he didn't, he probably never would have had a shot.
And Rikki Degreesi is...
I thought Port and Rikki my close personal friend would take a real bruising and beating on this.
But he didn't, he only got 23 votes.
Maybe they liked by all of his music.
I sure wish we could play one bit.
You know, well, there's a whole bunch of them, but like this.
It's going to be mutual feel.
It can picture a zero.
Yeah, we only wish the temperature was zero Celsius.
What?
I can't play that.
Especially with your close girlfriend in a building there,
I'm going to start playing some of these censured bits now.
You've got to be dreaming, you know, one of the audience hates you, like poison.
And Rikki 23, Tommy Cruz 15, who was very good and I know you,
which is still I've watched the good news is the beast of my vice and watch fatso yesterday.
Yeah, I did.
And outstanding.
Good record.
See, I told you, in fact, when he came in this morning, he said,
That's the honey tune, yeah.
And James Dean had six.
We apologize for not putting Elvis on there. He had done okay.
Hello.
You know, I really don't know.
You can't judge it after the fact.
It's too many years down the road.
Could he sing?
Was he good?
Was he just...
I don't know.
Was he in the right place at the right time?
Don't know.
Can't wait to say.
Ursula Andress, Ah, Andress.
Boy, she, uh, she's still alive?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Better Google it, man.
Because she was born March 1936.
March 1936.
Wasn't that the year the Olympics in Germany and Munich?
So, around there.
When Jesse Owens ran there and like Hitler was having a nervous cow because there was a black American guy that was like beating the crap out of everybody.
Remember that?
Yeah.
You were there.
Yeah, I was right there.
Ursula was born in Ostermund, Ostermundigan Bern Switzerland.
Her younger sister, Katie Andress, tried to become a model to Andress, but she failed.
Anyway, Ursula Andress, she's made, oh, brother, 80 trillion movies.
Here I got six pages, which I'm not going to bore you with.
Cream Astor 5, Alice Gilogen, whatever that means.
Uh, Fantag hero 4.
Uh, Fantag hero 3, which makes sense to me.
Uh, ill, uh, ill, uh, Professor, uh, ill Professor, uh, Professor Edivo.
Managed man against the mob, the Chinatown leaders, then a bunch of German stuff that I can't pronounce.
Uh, Falcon Press, she was in.
What year was that? 81.
Peter the Great, she's still average, she croaked.
No, she's alive.
Manimal.
So that makes her like 68.
Well, that's not so old.
She's only six years old and I am.
Oh, brother, you know what it's like to get old.
You will someday.
Ah, classical, the Titans, um, Letti Salvagy, the fifth musketeer, dopiodelito, Montaigne del Dio Catabale.
Well, I love reading the Italian.
Well, year was she born?
She was born in 1936.
36.
268.
Yeah.
Can you do the math?
Yeah, I tried.
Lynn Femmietta.
Okay, I said I sure wouldn't have to read this attack.
Safari Express, no bunch of other crap.
Forklift andress, it's pretty good picture.
It's not spectacular, but we're like running a little low.
Yeah, we're really thin.
George, you know, yeah, yeah.
Speak for yourself.
We're really thin.
When you're doing the show with the inner beast.
Yeah.
George is going to have to like repunish that supply pretty soon here.
Okay, so the hockey thing now, Barry Jackets, which how many people care about this?
About 30.
Nobody really cares there about this whole hockey thing.
So what we're going to do today and stay doing the show.
Yeah.
Good thing to be able to idea just to play the third period of the 1967 game six Maple Leafs, Santa Cup finals, Maple Leafs, Montreal, Canadian.
No, no, no.
See, Duff is there.
That's why he's not here this week.
He can't be with us because Duff is playing hockey.
Can't you just see that?
5.28 is the time of the goal.
For just then, shoot it in.
Anyway, but anyway, there are no people here care about hockey and South Florida.
That's a very sad thing, but the fact that the matter is that we don't deserve to have a franchise.
And I have a feeling we won't.
But the bad news is, let's see, this is from the Globe and Mail, which I think may be a little bit more to the point than Barry Jackets.
I don't know why I think that.
But I'm just assuming an article in the Toronto paper might hit be a little more perspicuous about the world's greatest sport as opposed to Barry Jackets,
who's sitting there with a little brown paper sack that Mommy packed this morning with his Dolomie sandwich in peanut butter and jelly.
And Quartermorys.
Is this the end? Oh, he wears Quartermorys pants?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
What kind of pansy wears Quartermorys pants?
I guess the answer is Barry Jackets.
And if anybody talks to me about Scott Peterson today, I guess what? I don't care.
I really don't care.
Fry his ass, give him the old needle. I just don't care.
It's going to be a year before he does.
Yeah. They said minimum 20 years.
And guess what? I still don't care.
If they killed him tomorrow, it would make any difference.
Guilty as hell.
And I still don't give a crap.
Is this the answer to the Robin Mail, the National Hockey League plans to reject last week's proposal from the Players Association for a 24% salary rollback according to a confidential memo leaked yesterday,
a decision that very well could lead to the cancellation of the entire 2004 or 5 hockey season.
Nice call, and guilty.
That's something that would be like getting the getting the job is the lead singer, the lead act at the MGM grand.
Right. And then discover they just went bankrupt and closing down next week, something like that.
Right? Yes.
In an eight page memorandum sent to the NHL by a 30 member club.
Votterly man.
I'm saying by TSN, the sports network, the NHL made it clear it will turn down the Players' proposal and counter with one of its own today when NHL Commissioner,
the anxious Gary Benjamin meets with Fair Union executive director Bob Goodnow in Toronto.
Every indication is that it was at the legal once again, demand-to-linked Player of Salaries and Revenue, which the Players' view as a salary cap and a non-starter.
Forget it.
Unless the league responds today with a counter-proposal that the Players' view is tolerable, something most observers believe to be unlikely.
Don't expect to hear hockey night and can of the theme music this winter. How do you like that?
That's their take on it here. I'm sure Barry Jackson didn't write that.
Yeah. Don't expect to hear that this winter is what they're saying.
It says the lockout is in its 90th day is believed that a collective agreement must be achieved by the end of January for the league to have any kind of meaningful regular season in playoffs.
Given that the Players already believe they've given away too much, a hardening of positions is the likely immediate outcome.
If they reject this offer, I think you could write off the season bank, CoverConnect School tender, then Cluche said last night, Sunday night,
and at Brad Looklewich of the Stanley Cup Champion Tampa Bay Lightning, the way Betman's been handling the things so far, it doesn't look good.
If they're not going to take an offer like this, there's nothing else we can give back.
Signs yesterday suggested precisely that scenario and outright rejection of unions offers it onto unfold.
That's all I'm going to spend on that is nobody cares how we have a hockey franchise and don't get me wrong once upon a time was pretty enjoyable,
especially that one season, but that's certain to like fade the end of the background when you think, bring back the rats, man.
Yeah, no, in fact, I saw my clip, of course we got hockey games all over the place here on TV, but I saw a clip from that a few days ago.
I was thinking how bush league that was, that was embarrassing.
Really? Only in South Florida where they litter the ice, you know, with a bunch of plastic rats.
And then it took all kinds of threats. You remember after that the next season, a bunch of jerks would start throwing rats on the ice just at any given moment,
like in the middle of the game, they'd have to stop the game because guys would get killed skating over anything if throw on the ice.
And then they had to start threatening people with like penalty of death and shot and drop right at center ice if they would keep throwing a rats on there.
In fact, remember the league said they were going to call up penalty, delay a game penalty against the Panthers if they continued doing that.
That's a bunch of jerks we had who don't understand the sport.
And that's South Florida for you. So many jerks and so little time, man. Jack cases, idiots.
No matter what, no, that's why stuff goes to the dolphin games.
Every time you go, you got some drunks sitting there like knocking somebody's just soda over or somebody kicks a beer and they're standing up brawl and stand,
or it's the jet fans and the dolphin fans. Just a bunch of drunken, slab bombs is what you get.
Now I'm not saying it's not true other places, but that's why I so great when you got the NFL package and you sit on your ass at home and watch the game for free.
Oh, that's a best. The only way to go.
When I want to go to a sporting event anymore, once becomes such a barbaric bunch of crap, by the way, last night, again, I made a bad mistake.
I went to a bed at half time. Not that I really care about the outcome. I was pulling for Kansas City.
You missed a offensive juggernaut.
48. When you didn't watch it, no, I was watching Fetzo.
Kansas City 49 Tennessee 38 Tennessee scored right before the end of the half and I thought, boy, Kansas City's defense is so bad.
They just can't stop anybody. But their offense is so awesome. They're very much like the Bengals or the ramp.
Great. Great offense, put a ton of points in the board, but they couldn't stop. But grandma, you know, so it turned out to be a pretty good game.
Not to anybody. Let's talk into sports intensive now. Okay. Let's get in the holiday spirit.
Whatever that means. Elevator. They hate to be. That's the good news. They hate you like poison.
Oh, before we do the break, I'm going to get way behind. Here's the pool today. Thanks again to Sean and Hollywood.
Man, he's coming up with all kinds of polls. There should be a law against. Here's a good list.
Let me change the poll on here. I feel so powerful being able to do this like right in the middle of the show.
Switch. There you go. Click the button and I switch. There should be a law against retired people driving during rush hour,
writing a check at a grocery retail store, commercials at movie theaters, stupid people voting, organized religion, stupid people breeding, using the word closure, locker room interviews,
and I added using cell phones in a restaurant or movie theater. I'd like to just blow the brain out of those people.
I can't understand if it's like somebody that's like a paramedic or a doctor like an emergency,
although most of those people have beepers, not cell phones, right? No, it has beepers anymore, do they?
Oh, yeah. Sure they do. I don't know. Joyce. She's got one. Maybe she'll let you take a look at it. Maybe she'll let you beep it.
Let me go. Yeah.
I'm.
Language tape number 6. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager.
Hello, may I be to help? You please repeat. Hello, may I be to help you please customer? Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenient store manager
You want a parliament late?
Repeat
You want a parliament late?
Customer
Yes, I would like a pack of parliament lights
Convenient store manager
Uh, these are parliament late?
Repeat
These are parliament late?
Uh, these one, parliament
Customer
No, neither one of those is the parliament light
Wait, no, he did this one?
No, it's not that one
You want a parliament late?
Yes, I want the parliament light, please
Is it going to be?
No, the part, the parliament light
No, no, no, no, can't you see it's a...
This one right on the left?
No, no, no, no, over there right on the dirty magazine
But can't you see it?
Let's end laundry, hand?
It's a parliament light now!
Turn this tape over for language tape number seven
Ordering Chinese food over the phone
Oh, that was coming up a little bit later
I got all kinds of really great stuff
But we haven't heard in years on this show
That I dubbed thanks to my two new denim CD decks here
Yeah, I mean as long as I was going to go to the trouble of putting them in there
Might as well do something useful with them, right?
Right
So I dubbed tons of great stuff
That we haven't heard in a Kunzade, things like...
That
I'm dying out of here
My name is Barry
Sing like a fairy
I write bad songs about romance
While I'm wearing spandex pants
I'm trying to shrimp me
My songs are windy
I had a series of big hits
That was back in 76 now
No one knows who hit
They only laughed and sneer
They won't admit they owe my albums
To my songs are...
We've got a no-shape
Like a banana
My two pants both live in my canna
Absolutely
Like a no-shape
Like a banana
Of my no-shape
You can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I write the song
Like a banana
I've got a heart girl
The size of your purse
When I get a stuffed up nose
I be dressed in a hoax
But now upon the kiss
My life is back in place
And so I sing again and stick it
My strife in your face
Got a no-shape
Like a banana
My two pants both live in my canna
Got a no-shape
Like a banana
Of my no-shape
You can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I write the song
Like a banana
Like a banana
Like a banana
Holy!
11, 22, 5, 60, WQM
Happy Holidays to all our friends out there
And even those who aren't our friends
Those who like stabbos in the back and in the front
Those people hate the bees like poison
And would like the poison your sushi
But that's right you don't need to eat
No, not really
Well poison whatever you eat
Poison your stick at the Capitol Grill
Wouldn't that be justice?
Sound a little piqued to pick on Ruth Chris
I'll be seated at this morning
Who was it when you were a pizons your brother or somebody?
Yeah, one of my girlfriends
Your girlfriend's brother
Ada Ruth Christian for Lauderdale said
It was out f-ing standings what he said
I think I'm quoting him directly
Here's the fact that says without a doubt
It says what about restaurant menus?
Oh ads and restaurant menus
I've never seen ads and restaurant menus have you?
Yeah, you know who does that a lot
Not to offend them as the cheesecake factory
It says it's amazing to me that an old overweight gage you
Is the only person sending comments sent through our airwaves
Please never retire from a Marcelo in temperate finds
A gay fat
Overweight
Oh, shoot
Anyway ads and restaurant menus
I don't think that anybody knows about that that much
Maybe you've seen them I've never seen them I never heard of it
Sarah put something up skewer on a pole
I think our pole is fine the way it is
I mean there's a many other things we can be upset about
But that's not the point we're taking two poles today
We're on the website like we always do
There should be a law against them we've got a list of very fine things
And then the other one on the phone about the beast
Well I didn't plan it that way but you got to go with a flow man
Craig and Miami says
I love this
One excellent timing
Craig and Miami says there should be a law against the beast fat ass living and working
Oh man
It will be taking that pole
Al I'll get to your very serious and important facts momentarily
But we got to keep it light man
Keep it light it's the holidays
Don't get as deep press with all this morbid stuff
People want a little break from that don't you understand?
All the murderous bloodshed
And dishonest the incorruption
And Bernie character third wife that didn't buy the ton anybody about
Well he sure and hit that?
Well sure it was out of pick him, money
In fact I think he'd be perfect down there in South Dada in the U Pickin field
It's right in
Yeah
WQA Am Hello
Hey Neil you asked about strunz yesterday?
Strunz yes
It's Dutch for beets
It's Dutch?
It's Dutch
My next old girlfriend was Dutch and she used that all the time
Strunz but how come the sunny was saying it in a Godfather?
I have no clue
That's got to be an Italian were strunz
Strunz
Okay
Okay I just wanted to give you the information
Nice a lot pali have a great holiday
Okay
He says it's Dutch for feces
I can't see a Dutch word being used in the Godfather
I can't see the Godfather doing those Dutch you know
Santino especially
I can see him saying
You cannot talk a man
What the hell is going on?
Yeah in fact do we have anything from sunny on this or not?
I'm not really sure if we got any sunny on here
I'll see
Now we got sunny get shot on a causeway
Oh and here's sunny does say
You're taking a spurry first
Yeah
You're taking a spurry first
Oh he's great James Conn is so good
And then interesting how he became
You know there's like the two James Conns right?
Right
There's the young James Conn like in Godfather
Sure
And then there's the later James Conn like in what was the movie
with Kathy Bates
Kathy Bates
Come on
Where she locked him up in the house get out of here
Pet cemetery is in
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Kathy Bates
Wasn't like a Stephen King movie wasn't one of those
It was something like that where she locked
She was his biggest fan he was an author or writer
And she locked him up in the house
Because he had an accident and she took him home
And she locked him up in the house and went out and he had a forces way out
What the hell was the name of that movie?
It was not a radio
Well you want to know if that
That Kathy Bates was there you should know about them fat people
Right
Dominic Q.M. Haped the beach line
Hello
Yes you're thinking of misery
Misery thank you
Yes you're welcome
Thank you
Well that was quick
Misery, well
Misery loves company
That was the name of it
Misery, I saw that several times
Have you haven't seen that?
I saw bits and pieces of it
Come on you love it
That's a great movie
Now if I ever steered you wrong what two movie did?
Network you loved right?
Right
And fatso
Yes
Was right up our alley
Exactly
Fatso was just absolutely
That's the honey tune
Yes
Fatso and you're misery you love
It's the well worth your time
No, it's a big
No video drone
Don't ever go see that
Don't talk about that
Oh brother
I wish I had the hour and a half back in my life
That I wasted watching that piece of turret
With the very anxious and talk mark James Woods
I mean he's been in some good movies
Like once upon a time in America
No
What is with you?
Although I bet you Josh hasn't seen that either
No I haven't
No, now you're laughing but you'd like it
It's a gangster movie
It's like Godfather when it goes on forever
It's about three and a half hours long at least
But it's great
And James Woods is in that
Who else is in that Brian Bloom
And Robert De Niro
It's great
You never heard of once upon a time in America?
No
It's just your boy and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers
Who's followed?
Next to you are the romantic slides
A brought one to you in your life, Zazzle
Together for the first time
And Brian Zazzle
Shrug me to you
The classic and the last actor
Way the face sees a power bill for this one
But she and Ben Zazzle were
The first actor in the world
It'll take no place out of your own business
27.0560 WQM
So here's the Amazon
Throne's call on the Gables
Who seems to know his craft
Says I'm Italian
The word Throne's is a southern Sicilian corruption in the word
Straunzo
Straunzo means turd
You turd
How do you like that?
Lovely
Now what was he talking about you or what?
You're taking a scary part
Right
So Throne's means turd
Very good
Yeah I was a fuzz
At Santina would not be speaking in Dutch
Now let's see I got a really good article here
Tim Goodman
Counts Potatoes
It's time to draft the remote
A little more on what I was told the other day about the
Parents Television Council
Remember that toward the end of the show?
Yes
But it's very long I'm not going to do it till after
Well I'll get around to it
Well I want to get a lot of votes in here on you
They don't like that
This came out of left field and we're finding the audience
Hates you like poison man
There should be a law against using cell phones
In a movie theater or a restaurant
That was my choice adding on to Sean's finalist
And that seemed to have moved in the top of 23
Organized religion
That's what I voted for
21
Here's Reddibit man
Vanit
It's a cancer on all a mankind
Organized religion
This organized religion
Fairy tales
Mumbo jumbo
Just like that story about the church people with the malls
Well they go up in the door
Why can't we have
Everybody's got like a peeing contest
Whose religion is better
And whose symbols
Whose chachkis are better than you are
And I've already with a crap
We need to put baby Jesus
That's that a bird eyes
How about the Virgin Mary
Stupid people breeding 22
Organized religion 21
Stupid people voting 11
Retired people driving during rush hour 10
Commercials in movie theaters 8
Right and I'll tell you another thing that bugs me
Maybe we ought to put it on her
Commercials on DVDs
Oh yeah
All the previews and commercials
I watched Gadi which is an excellent movie
Did you see it?
No, you haven't seen anything
Very good
But when you get the DVD
The furlough that there's a
I forget what movie they're promoting on here
Oh it's a I know what it is
Spider-Man
You don't you don't have to go see Spider-Man
Because half of the movie is on there in the preview
Before you wind up to him Gadi
It's a bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop
And I don't care about
Sticking Spider-Man
What the hell is his name?
He gives me spilties
I can't stand tobey my guillires at him
Yeah
Retired people driving during rush hour 10
Commercials in movie theaters 8
Writing a check at a grocery retail store
Six especially if I happen to be standing on that line
Using the word closure to
And the locker room interview is only one
Out of 105
First 105 vote
We got faxes coming here all kinds of crap going on today
Why is that today is December 14 last time I checked?
It's a big day
Why is that? I don't know
Here's the facts from Al in western
Little bit too much on the heavy side Al
I understand your concern I appreciate it
But like enough a little bit
After watching Spanish television TV
Live last few weeks I have TV Espanya that is
I have to conclude that our democracy is either dead or on life support
Well what a bullet man
Nice going Al
Span suffered a terrorist attack March 4th, 2004
A commission to investigate the facts writing that criminal attack was immediately formed
For several weeks they have grilled under oath everyone on live TV including ex-president Asnar
It occurred under his watch and president president Zapatetto
We suffered a major criminal terrorist attack 9
Leaven against the twin towers in the earth we lost 3000 innocent lives
A 9-11 commission in our country was formed
Our president Bush opposed it he didn't appear under oath in front of it
And studies have kind of leased the B.S.S.S.S. and had some commission members visit him at the White House
Him and the president president of course dick
To speak about 9-11 off the record
It looks like all Europe has a better democracy and really wants to get to the truth
Cordialist Al and he goes out about in the hero
I agree with you
But what are we going to do?
We're going to sue somebody that we're going to do?
Yes, sue them all
Yeah sue the beast
Take out your frustration and sue his fat ass
Here's one that says
Boy good lot of polls today a lot of stuff
Oh blockbuster drafts lead fees you fact that to me?
Yeah
Well screw them I don't care what they are
I don't want any facts about blockbuster unless they're going out of business
I hate them like poison but be sure and go there and get whatever movie or watch the night what is it?
I don't remember
See you're not going to watch it
May, may Tom Cruise I don't know
Magnolia?
There you are Magnolia
No but what was the one I said before you were going to watch it was once upon a time in America
But in between there was another one need to watch
The IDC
No not Goddy, forget about it
Oh, forget it
I don't know what they did
Believe it or not the sports station up that I'll be between 131500 and is having OJ Simpson on for a fluff interview later on
They were that annoying chick
Sports station between 131500
What station is that? 1400
That's a sports station now?
Yes, they used to light bulb junior
Yes
She said she's going to ask him about the Heisen and Trophy in his playing days of USC
I'm trying not to vomit it says what a cheap prank against the national attention
I am done with that station
Well nobody ever started with it so why should you know why should you be done?
Although it only comes in between sample road and Hollywood Boulevard
Right
That's the station that Norma came to used to be on and the Joyce Kaufman and all of these other crazy people
That didn't belong on the inner first place and not to mention the West's name
That was the one that Phil Henry used to do all the time?
I don't know what's his name
I don't know I can't think of it
The moment of speech defect
Anyway, I don't have time for this right now
I'll take a couple of calls
Then I want to read this about the parents' television council
Just to give you a little tip off on this
99.8% of indecency complaints to the FCC in 2003 all came from the parents' television council
Just like I said yesterday, the overwhelming majority of complaints come from professional complainers
Including individuals and organizations like the American, the Family Association, the Florida Family Association
And certain unimaginable individuals come from the same chronic that that's their life, that's their whole deal
I have no life
Professional complainers and unfortunately this government we got now in this FCC they love that
They love those people because they're looking for an excuse to nail everybody's ass
That's what it's all about
WDQA and Backstabbeastline, hello
But about the people driving slow and the left hand lane on the inner street, they won't get out of the way
Yeah, we're not adding in more on the poll, thank you sir
We're not building the poll, the poll's fine, it's only got 85,000 choices on there too
Lots of things we can be upset about
Like people are called, just don't get it, you know what I'm saying?
Get it, get where the, get where the program, alright Pally?
Oh the driver's here, so yeah, right, great, well guess what, ain't gonna get any better
The driver's in Florida suck and especially in South Florida really suck because most of them are over the age of 100
A whole bunch of the rest of them just got off the banana boat and got the driver's license and a box of cracker jack
Right? Yeah
So who now gives a crap? Go forget it's bash the beast day on QAM
You're listening to me, you're the needle Rogers, exclusively on 5th Street, 2AM
Howard David's a bitch
You've bought his records, you've seen his film
You've even purchased the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station
As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all, but wait, there's more
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations
Yes, it's the Elvis hates
Come on baby, this is Elvis
I don't want you to come over right down
Make me a big peanut butter dinosaur
A big peanut butter dinosaur, give me a few with the diet
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments
A whole piece of mouth, he's a grandmother
You'll hear Elvis reveal how we really feel about the one true love
But his life
Oh, if you back, wrong, if you back, I'm alive baby
And I don't want you way back
Would you pick up some donuts please?
Make jelly queen donut
Crillest chimneys day this too
All of my big honey glaze donut
Without them, I can't do
The Elvis hates
Give me, give me, give me more donuts
Available now, we run stores everywhere
All of the eatin' in the morning to morning to noon
Are you gonna be fun to forget it?
Sixteen till noon at 5.60, I haven't played that in years, man
There's so much good stuff though, huh?
I thought that was a scene from Fathos
Yeah, it could have been
But I'm sure that a lot of our longtime listeners, the ones that haven't croaked yet, I think
And boy, we haven't heard some of these bits in a long time, and isn't this great?
For the holidays, you bet
It is great
Here's the fact that says, how about old men discussively blowing their nose at the table at a restaurant?
Well, that would be good if they're not adding that on there
I am gonna add one on my own though
Okay, and that is screaming little kids at a fancy restaurant
Oh yeah
Okay, that's one of the all-time worst
For example, if you go into Ruth Kriss and I've never had this experience because I don't know if people bring little kids into a fine, expensive establishment like that
But many times I've gone into a nice restaurant and there are people with their braddittles screaming
And they always seem to sit right across the table next to me, you know?
Right
Screaming, wailing, braddy little kids
Much too young to be in a fancy restaurant like that
If you can afford to eat and there you can afford a babysitter, okay, you jackasses
So I am putting that one on there, you got it?
I throw it good
I throw it everywhere
Bokeh Bob says, I have to be careful where I read this because you know who's in a building
Right
Bokeh Bob says, below is an excerpt from an interview with Charlie Stadia and author of Mafia books, Charlie Stadia
Now it's not really Stadia, Stela
Two L's in the Espa and the Italian is not a Y
But anyway, it says more appropriately, it doesn't mean it's a little Schmidt
But, thus you can see something using the term calling Paulie, a little Schmidt
Paulie that's Torrance, he sold out the old man
What's your I know we got to do it, where the hell is Clemenza?
I love Clemenza
You should love Clemenza too, fat people guys
I do love Paulie, won't see him no more
Yeah, I won't see him no more, Paulie
Anyway, PS, it says, Carmelo Pietro Stadia
I'm sure that's not right, my old man's family is the city and my mother's near Paulton
Maybe he knows George's in the Polypano, Jr. in Anthony
I like the polytide ice cream
My mom, now nobody with any taste eats new Paulton ice cream
I don't like it
Strawberry, chocolate and vanilla, I have one word for that, okay?
Yeah, fat
My mom Spiranza, which means hope of course, is Tilesi
When I was a kid my grandfather and my mother's side Pietro
I wonder if he's kind of Nick Pietro or the Jackie from New England
He used to call me Struence a little Schmidt
Until I was five or so I thought that was my name since Volkabov
Nice hearing from your Volkabov
Struence, anyway, Tim Goodman writes,
Couch potatoes, it's time to drop through remote
He says, email the SEC, stop the current television council before it gets beyond the TV
It's a long, long thing, but I'm going to read it anyway
You wouldn't mind, because they're doing more time-dead
Did we get food yesterday?
Well, we get our normal dose of how we eat
How is Josh had some food?
I'm not even going to touch that, you know, the idea that you're not eating
That there's any kind of animal that you eat?
Did I eat any of your food yesterday?
No, no
You ate nothing there during the show yesterday?
I brought something
Yeah, what's that?
I don't even know what I brought today
I brought four, four, I brought
Triple cheeseburgers, I brought Peter and the homeless
Oh man
I can't just, doesn't know what homeless is
Oh my god, homeless
Boy, does he have a lot of hoodspot?
Yeah, hoodspot goes with the homeless
Fat
Tim Goodman, San Francisco Chronicle writes,
My vote for best media television story of the year goes to the one you may have missed
Media week reported on December 6th
That all the of all the indecency complaints to the FCC in 2003 of all of them
A startling 99.8% of them came from one conservative group, the parents television council
And through October this year, apart from complaints over Janet Jackson's infamous wardrobe malfunction,
A full 99.9% of the complaints about indecency have again come from the parents television council
This means a small group of highly mobilized conservative watchdogs has essentially driven
More values campaign directed at the FCC
Hey, blue status, this is a much smaller picture than you might have ever imagined
Forget about looking at that depressing election map and feeding overwhelmed like you're on a cultural island apart from the rest of the country
The sad back is while you've been pouting and proud of that while you were watching
John Stuart and Gloting, you let a small group of reactionary conservative set the agenda
Ensure you fall asleep at your mac friends
In the land of the tech savvy, you've been emailing among yourselves instead of sending off Mrs.
The FCC chairman Michael Powell, you missed a chance to say, hey, Mike, I'm going to delve in notice how to work my TV's remote control
I may not like everything I see, but I want you to know that I'm disinterested in creating some McCarthyist shield factor in the creative community, yours sincerely
What's the use of all that wireless capacity that lust for cool tech if you're going to serve eBay instead of say dictate the national debate on indecency?
The media week story of beautiful pin prick in the high-fill balloon of rampant American worries about morality can be read by clicking here
And he's got a link to it stories on it will be on our website or just had this into your search engine
Media week incompetent Michael Powell gotless FCC parents television counsel killing the first amendment
Much you do about people don't like nipples or gaze or art that might get you some hits to start with
If 2004 was the end of culture war became a scene out of the Lord of the Rings
We now know that scare tactics and chest pounding about moral values
Came from the finger clicking of a relative few and found their way up to the FCC and out of the mouth of president Bush
Just remember you might feel like you're in Helm's deep right now
But when you look out the vanquishing order conservative watchdog goons. It's just really a CGI illusion
Which means there's hope in beating back the sensitive rampage of very tiny minority
The media week story said that the number of complaints to the FCC in 2003 total
240,000 which was up from we're 14,000 in 2002
People complained to the FCC both in 2001 and 2000 numbered about 350 each year
So let's see that's roughly the amount of people in three bar train cars on your morning commute representing the entire country
Until the parents television counsel gets wiped to the internet
Of course the media week story said Powell went to Congress in 2003 and played the town prior
Saying there was a dramatic rise in public concern now rage about what's being broadcast in their homes
Except there wasn't the FCC no surprise to anyone who knows this bunch of play-to-esign public servants were used
Now the parents television counsel and Powell responded the media week story by saying
Hey it doesn't matter where these complaints about indecency came from these are still Americans being outraged
But you know what yes it does matter because the FCC is supposed to be a sounding board for people who view a TV show
Are upset about the content and seek a place to complain outside of the network that aired it
But the process is being hijacked by people who are not even watching the shows
But are responding to a group that tells them the content is wicked
Meanwhile thinking people with minds that actually open and function are not sending in emails to Powell that say
I saw something I didn't think was appropriate for my kids so I changed the channel I handled it
No need to start a holy war about it I'm looking forward to deadwood on HBO
You should TV a little bit if you haven't already anyway have a nice day
If the FCC takes action only after the public complains and it's clear now that only members of the
Parabet parents television counsel are complaining then a counterbalance their worries about what constitutes indecency
Less reactionary viewers will not have to rise from the couch and join the debate
So much for television being passive escapeous entertainment
And goodbye to the quaint notion that you can vote with your remote
Apparently feed them a choices out of vote using the government to tell everyone else what they can and can't watch is the new prick
I love politics on all sides
I'd rather do almost anything that involved myself in that tainted broken process
Than either do I want the parents television counsel like in the tale of the dog that bites the writers hand in a Hollywood
So I'm going to write an email to Michael Powell and you can't do right here even click on it and tell them these things
I'm a relatively upstanding citizen and I have two small kids they only watch what I let them
I know how to use my TV remote I know how to turn my television off
I'm my television I like violence I like nudity I like guns going off
I like people having sex I like swearing I like shows with gay people in them I like shows where gay people have sex
I like shows I like shows where gay people shoot guns and I swear I like stuff that blows up
I also like little bear and shows about architecture and design and see span if that helps
I hope this email offsets another from the parents television counsel
I hope you get a lot more just like this because I want the ptc out of my living room
I've got a sneaking suspicion they're going to end up in my bedroom you're sincere
So it'll be on our website tomorrow and you can click on and send your own if you want
Or you can just sit back and let a handful of the right wing lunatics decide everything you can see in here and listen to
And whether we can play fart sounds on there all of these things things like that
All of these things
Right
It's vast to be stay here on QAM let's get back on Adman
That was my favorite we don't have to oh now the movie I told you to watch was misery and you forgot it already
With James Khan, K. Bates, what you're not going to get it?
Maybe have you seen it Josh? I don't think so
It's not that old okay it's not that many years ago it's not a new movie but it's not like ancient
It's pretty good misery and then once upon a time in America and God even lived without God he was good
But you don't need God he who wants to see movie about that's truenced
There should be a law again that's our poll today that's the official poll on the website
The official one is how much do you hate to beast using cell phones in a movie theater restaurant 46 stupid people
Reading 46 I like that organized religion 41 got a three way battle going retired people driving during rush hour 26
Writing a check at a grocery store retail store 20 stupid people voting 19 commercials at movie theaters 13 using the word closure for
Screaming kids at a restaurant so you left a word off of there screaming kids at a fancy restaurant
I mean if you go to Denny's you expect people to hit the trailer trash take their kids to Denny's right but at an expensive restaurant when you go into a fine dining establishment
Yeah, that's not a buddy out there that wants kids crying at a restaurant like I said screaming kids at a restaurant too and locker room interview is one
How about screaming kids on their plane? Oh, that's the one. Oh my God because you can't get off there's nowhere to go
Oh my God. She's am I gonna survive this no kid deserve to be in first class. I'm not little kids not I would say no kid under 10 right yeah right no punky little screaming
Wining choking coughing sneezing gagging puking a little bratty kid. Oh, you just don't like it. No, it's not the problem. The fact is put them in her place
You know like in storage 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a variety of things in the wireless lines
Let's get a lot of calls on here for our friend to be okay. Well, might as well make it something worthwhile for you this week. Why not? WQM hello
Hey, he knows that a call for that. Yeah, thank you. What do you say get my nose out of coakers ass? Oh, a lot of coakers. Well, that's hurricane stuff. I've had no attention to that. Yeah, in fact
I should have mentioned one time before we started the show. I can't even blow. We mentioned that for you and my frozen thought WQM hello
Q.A.M. I am the meal. Yes sir speaking
I have got one for the poll. Okay. I tell you we're taking anymore for the poll. I'm not I was gonna tell you I was gonna let you give it
And I'm just I'm not taking it. We're going to go ahead
I love the bees. Okay
I'm one of your people. So let me start saying Bob a movie. I knew it was one of your people. I know we find one WQM hello
Hey, Neil. What's going on in Cuba with all these military movements? Well, these all movements in Cuba?
You're not bomb with millions of people. You will put you as I notice with Monday's massive or games if I had decided to get to it
I'll get to it eventually. Okay, forget about Cuba. Great. Great.
Small potatoes. They're okay. Although the hotel's here. I just you know, fantastic. That's what I'm in Rotson.
I don't know a lot of people love Godfather too, which I like all three of them, but I don't know Godfather to me didn't hold.
In fact, some people said Godfather too was better than Godfather one. Those people need to be with Santino on a cause.
My family's little students. It was pretty good. Godfather. He was very good. Yeah. And of course it had a lot of schmaltz because it went back into the old country no more and it
Reckon all the first one we did and then Godfather three really went back in his Sicily. Huh? Remember that? Here. Let me show you a Sicily. Remember that he was driving a car. He was the limo driver Michael never saw the third one.
I guess when you see one thing when you got a DVD player, which I'm sure you do. Yes. See this may come as a shot to you, but you can actually eat and watch a movie at the same time.
You are listening to me, Roger. It's close.
I'm about to see you.
A.M.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
Rock and Roll Hissorians digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered tapes of the legendary singer no one knew existed.
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
The trouble won I said it wasn't he was no Elvis thank goodness.
Right. He was the greatest to meet Jim Morrison. He was sensational.
He even did Edwin's TV talent without the lips.
You don't think Jim Morrison was unbelievably great.
He was outstanding.
Even Josh goes along with that.
Yes. Very quietly. But he goes along with that.
No seriously you've got misery to watch once upon a time in America.
And what was the third one? On Godfather 3.
Now Godfather 3 you have to look past your theocopalus big nose.
Right.
And the fact that Robert Duval wanted too much money so didn't bring him back.
And so we got George Hamilton in there who don't quite look like Robert Duval.
We don't look either Irish or Italian but nevertheless.
And then you know there's some bad acting by Eli Wallach but he finds to eat so many cannolis and he croaks.
But I'm telling you there's some good stuff in there Godfather 3.
You've got to see how could you not see it.
Well you know why because everyone told me that it was horrible.
Okay look forget about everyone told you okay.
Forget about that.
Okay.
I guarantee if you're a Godfather person you have and you'll see you'll probably say oh yeah you're right.
Mary co-sofio co-pala was terrible and hernestizes the size of Mars.
But forget about that. Just look past it if you can.
Okay.
If you can see around that nose.
But you know there's Michael and there's Kay and there's like some of the people from Godfather 1 are in there too.
Like what's his name?
Carlo.
Okay.
The the bodyguard in Sicily not the one that set him up and blew up the car with his wife in it with the...
What was your name?
I don't know.
Oh come on.
I'm horrible with names.
The beautiful, beautiful, Michael's beautiful wife in Italy.
Yes, the son.
I know the other one.
Oh my God I can see her right now.
It was big gigantic eyes.
The Monday, Tuesday.
Monday Saturday, Tuesday.
Yeah.
Apalonia.
See it took me a couple of seconds.
At least my mind is a little sharper than yours.
Apalonia.
I thought you were apalonia.
Yeah, I thought she was in purple rain.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 in a resident singular wireless lines.
Bashed to beast Tuesday.
In fact, all week long it might be Bashed to beast Wednesday tomorrow.
And then WQA and how...
Yeah, that's a meal.
Yes sir.
Your boy Jim Morrison from the doors.
He's a pseudo intellectual too.
Yeah.
Just like...
Just like you, yeah.
Oh God.
That's a guy to call.
I said, what's the pseudo intellectual?
You look in a mirror.
Okay, Schmuck.
Jim Morrison was not a pseudo intellectual.
Ray Manzeric was a pseudo intellectual, the manager.
In fact, I used to have a back in the day that I would do.
We used to have that on tape.
I don't I'm sure we don't have that anymore.
Okay.
Where he go Ray Manzer?
Do you remember Ray Manzer?
No.
Oh, good.
You're lucky.
You used to go through this whole pseudo intellectual rap about the music and Jim and about
that.
He's just too much acid.
Fry his brain.
Jim Morrison was great.
WQA him, hello.
The beast gave me crap.
Oh my God.
Claire is calling into an voice.
Wow.
WQA him, hello.
Yeah, you know how you do it.
Okay, Pellie.
I mean, for my wind, I'm sorry.
The other movie that you had recommended to peace was back then.
He saw yesterday and thought it was great.
Oh, I didn't hear that.
He just think it was great.
Yeah, you know, you know, peace.
I'm not a young guy.
I'm 43.
You're in the early.
I've been in large for quite some time.
You got to do something about it, man.
I'm just saying that I like the poor.
Yeah.
I'm saying this because I like your peace.
Right.
I mean, I was in the hospital a few weeks ago.
Atrial fibrillation.
Mark was crazy in your chest.
Wow.
I mean, don't find out about it's a hard way to eat.
Well, if you think that a 30 second conversation on the phone here is going to change his altitude about this,
I've tried everything out.
All of us have tried everything we know.
Now, fat boy, Jeff, we hope he blows up because we hit him like poison, especially lately.
But, you know, the beast we like, but you did we, I tried.
I got him to lose 60 pounds and balanced for life a couple of years ago.
We thought he was coming along well and all of a sudden, a bunch of being.
He blows up like somebody stuck a bicycle top up his ass.
You know, you know, when you're young, especially it's easy to lose weight.
Right.
It's harder when you get older.
Oh, tell me, man.
I know.
I'm getting great.
And keeping it off is the real challenge.
Yeah.
I'm pleased I wish you good luck, man.
I don't want anything bad to happen to you.
Well, I was nice, Kyle.
I have a great holiday.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I mean, a little boring, but it was very nice.
It wasn't going to cure the butcher.
I want to know you appreciate it, but it's just that's verbiage value.
Anybody who's appreciated what are you going to do about it?
Mr. Huma's Thomas.
Huh?
Good stuff, chickpeas.
Yeah, yeah.
How about rubbing that stomach with Thomas?
That might do it.
Oh, by the way, Body Wash.
I tried to tell Miguel about that.
He ran out of the room.
That's why he's not on this week here.
I mean, what do you mean?
Who doesn't use Body Wash?
Some lunatics expect like Miguel.
He thinks that it's not a manly thing, therefore.
I have my Lufa, my vanilla Body Wash.
St. Ives, apricot.
I have a bathroom body, but have you ever tried St. Ives?
No, I haven't.
I'm telling you right now, Scott, it's got ho-ho-beads in it.
You want to say, I don't know what it is, but it's like gritty.
It's like gritty.
And then the beads dissolve.
It is the most amazing awesome stuff.
And of course, as you know, you don't smell like a lilacs when you use Body Wash from the shower.
You don't smell like any of these.
You just clean.
Right, yeah.
But soap that sits there and gets all full of hair and crap.
And can just washing yourself with soap is like using lard.
Like no really.
Yeah, like slathering your self down.
Correct him.
But Chris go.
Right.
I wonder if Muff uses lard.
Anyway, John and Columbia, Sarah Fowell, people that can't read are you?
We're not adding to our list, okay?
John, happy holidays to you, John.
We don't need any more things on our list.
These people are so, oh, man, how the hell have I lasted this long?
They want the should be interactive, man.
They want to have a saying thing.
Well, some days we build the pool.
Other days we put a whole bunch of stuff on here and we added one or two.
And that's it.
Enough already with that.
How many we're going to put on the damn pool?
About 30, man.
Right.
There should be a log against it.
And then we got like how many choices we got on there?
A whole bunch about a dozen?
Yeah.
Two, four, six, eight, ten, eleven.
That's enough.
Seven come eleven, man.
Who, who, who, who, that's punny?
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah.
I bet you do.
One thing about you, I actually didn't take him along to learn to QMF and way, man.
Minimal, my only half of it though.
He learned the minimal amount of work part.
They get maximum amount of pay part.
He's still working on that.
He's got a ways to go on that.
Yes, I do.
Just learn from me and the mad dog.
Let's work more pay, okay?
In fact, I run out there in the hallway right now screaming on the clearance.
I want to raise right now and you'll see how far that'll get you.
WQM, hello.
Just check an hand.
Okay, thanks.
WQM, hello.
Mail.
Yes, sir.
There's a big, big, big, big, you'll have the truck, the dollar truck paper on the head, head.
What?
What was that?
WQM, hello.
Up there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, I'm really disappointed.
We were off to a flying start there with people that hit you like boys.
Maybe it was just those three or four people, okay?
Or maybe the rest of the people that hit you like boys have already tuned out.
True.
Pound 5, 60 under Verizon, singular wireless lines.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I was just wondering, a few years back, they put out a tape where they combined.
Got father one and two.
Did you ever see that?
Yeah.
I mean, that, and they haven't put that out in DVD yet.
Yes they have.
Oh, it is out DVD?
I believe so.
With the, that's the one and two, all three of them in chronological order.
Sure, you get with it, pal.
And by the way, President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Seriously, some of you people need to get out of the house a little bit more.
Of course they got the whole trilogy out there.
I'm sure it's on DVD.
In fact, George gave me the damn thing when he bought me that DVD pair that I gave away.
I'm very, very nervous.
But, no, seriously, that's what you need.
Well, you don't want to watch the whole thing over again.
Unless you got like 15, 20 spare hours.
No.
Just go out and get the DVD.
You got to find this.
I got the set.
What do you mean you got the set?
The box set with all the ex-end DVDs.
Then why haven't you watched the thing one?
I haven't got around to it.
Get with it.
Today, before Missouri, since you've already got it, this is your assignment for tonight.
Yeah.
Okay.
Godfather 3.
I don't know if I'll be able to do it today.
Why not?
Because it's at home and I'm not going home today.
You're not going home today?
No, I'm not going to my girlfriend's house today.
You're checking up with your girlfriend tonight?
Is that it?
Yeah.
Like I said, tomorrow your assignment is...
Okay.
I'm really excited about this girlfriend you got.
I'd just like to...
Now, Josh, have you seen Beast Girlfriend?
Yeah, I have.
And?
Nice girl.
I've got her at Smokey Bones.
Yeah, and she looks like a real person in everything?
Yeah.
Wow.
That is scary.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
Go to lunch, Beast.
Would you go to lunch?
Would you just go to lunch, Beast?
Very, we go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
WQM, hello.
Not there.
Because there's nobody on line nine.
QAM, hello.
Hi, Bawi.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
You know, I don't know a part of what Beast said.
I saw him at the UN Game of Saturday giving him
all those cards.
And wow.
I guess he really hit bad people, man.
Because this guy was that wild, you know,
I don't know what it feels.
It was embarrassing.
So get on with the air please.
Come back, George.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, Pally.
How you doing?
Hey, have you ever been to the website?
Ninety-one in...
Oh, wow.
I forgot.
I'm so nervous I'm talking to you.
You oughta be.
It's 9-11.
Wow.
Yeah, that's my favorite.
Oh, that's my favorite.
9-11.
Wow.
Yeah.
I love that one.
Oh, every couple hours I go check that out.
It's 11 past noon at 560 WQM.
We got Mr. Mandog.
Rectum.
No, not that one.
Rectum.
Sister Mary Mandage had two.
The Humper, Henry Goldberg had four.
The Big.
Uh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh.
It's seven.
Some say he's rock solid.
And then we got Eddie K. Attendona.
I think that the real Roger is...
...is...
...illusively...
...on 560 WQM.
Oh, wow.
You feel the pressure start to grow in.
You feel the pressure getting worse.
You feel your flutter overflowing.
You feel the pain about to burst.
I won't go against the wall.
Just kick off down in my heart.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Don't go on the floor.
Just move on down to the door.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You think of the tip to peel off.
You chased it down with sharpest hair.
You feel your head become a villain.
You see the room begin to spin.
I'll go far from my shoes.
If you're calm on the loose.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Don't go on the floor.
Just push them both.
There's a bathroom on the right.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Prop 16, that's an honor of our discussion yesterday that you informed.
That was a quite a public service.
The public has restaurants that day.
I never knew that.
The beast peed at the public last night.
Which public was this?
I'm playing a station.
Which one?
What about the other one?
I'll be there.
I never knew that the public had a tea room.
You walk in the front door.
There's a bathroom on the left.
I haven't played that in 100 years either.
That's outstanding.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Maybe what we ought to do all week long is play all these great gems from the past.
Prop 17 at 5, 60 WQAM.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
You used to have a drop from Kathy Bates in the military.
You didn't get out of a cocky duty car.
Oh, yeah.
Let me see if I still have it.
Have you ever been wobbled?
No, not yet.
Not yet.
I'll ask James Cahn how he liked it.
When you see your laughing, you know what he's talking about?
She breaks his kneecaps.
I probably soon have told him that.
Oh, that rule is the movie now.
Don't have to.
No, it does not.
No, it doesn't.
It really at all.
I had started here anymore.
What a shame.
We lost all the good stuff.
That's probably, in part thanks to that idiot,
Brewery.
Pressman, the engineer for Paxton.
Oh, well, you got to get rid of those carts.
We don't do carts.
And it's, you know, cluttering up a lot of room there.
All right.
Those are the days, baby, buddy, bug packs, and all the way.
I did like the idea of paying these seven months not to work to go away.
I like that a lot.
WQAM, hello.
It's Ray Gay.
Ray Gay is Gay.
WQAM, hello.
You're first shooting your big mouth out from Canada.
That's it.
I just thought I would just pause and see what the rest of it was.
That was the limit of his ability to us, just about to spew.
Yeah, I'm shooting out that big mouth from Canada, eh?
But I'll be there soon, OK?
We can go out through with Chris.
You can tell me about your satellite.
5670560, PaN560 on the Ryzen and Singular Rivals lines.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
There's a great book out about Jim Morrison.
Nobody gets out of here alive.
Right.
You might want to read it.
I got, I just got-
What if I read Manzeric, is it?
Oh, no.
This is life spurry, man.
You know, he's a legend, right?
I have a question for you, Neil.
Yeah.
I saw this in the middle of the night.
It says, not the running man, but it's up to that it was, uh, actually Scott Glenn was one of the star characters.
And the boilers guy's feed who finds a million dollars in a taxi cab is a really good movie.
It's on the middle of the night, and I think cinematics.
Do you know the name of that movie?
Never heard of this.
They boil his feet.
They boil his feet.
He still got away now.
He went to Rio de Janeiro with a million dollars.
Huh.
He didn't give me that name.
Somebody owe me a car.
Somebody owe Fax it in, OK?
All right.
OK, Polly, thanks.
5.670, would you let him boil your feet for a million dollars?
Sure.
Why not?
Well, in your case, what do you mean?
You can always bounce along like a schmoo.
Dominic, you way him.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this Mr. Rogers?
Mr. Rogers, yes, sir.
Well, I just want you to know that Ruth Chris is not the best place to go.
If you want to eat a nice steak, you go to Chris P's.
Yeah.
They call tables.
So you don't have a choice.
You don't pay all the cards.
You get nice steaks and everything's on together.
One price and good service.
Chris P's is very good.
Yeah, well, I appreciate that.
And the so is Ruth Chris.
Well, OK.
But if I was slipping a car and I'd make sure that the Christie's came out.
OK, Polly, have a great time at Christie.
We'll see you.
Say how to loot, too, with Christie's.
Probably the head waiter or something.
No, Christie's is very good.
Have you eaten there?
I've been there several.
Christie's excellent.
I've been there many times.
It's an excellent place.
And this guy's worried about pricey.
A big shooter like me, I don't worry about price.
Price is no object.
Well, he would say that, you know, because Ruth Chris, everything is all a card.
You want the, you know, everybody.
Big restaurants like that.
Spinach, all rotten or the broccoli, all rotten.
That's extra if you want.
A whole bunch of great side dishes.
First of all, if you get an appetizer like that French onion soup, all rotten,
with a thick cheese on top, or maybe the barbecue shrimp, which are fantastic.
Yeah, the barbecue shrimp.
And then you get yourself a nice big juicy steak or lobster, whichever you like.
You don't really need a lot of accoutrements to that unless you're just a total pig.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, how much food reasonably can constitute a big fat meal?
Well, of course, I think back to those times, I took the rimers to Ruth's Chris.
And when I go there now and I eat, I say to myself, how could you ever possibly have dessert in this place?
They got some very good desserts.
But how could you ever eat dessert in a place that gives you that much food?
And every time we went, they'd order dessert.
We, and of course, I would do the same because I have no willpower.
But is that embarrassing or what?
To get dessert?
Yeah.
No, that's not embarrassing.
Well, no, the reason they were doing this was because it was free, because I was paying for all these underpants.
That is embarrassing.
I mean, like with rimers, you're like, oh, well, I'll have the extra large salad.
And the extra large is this, and they text the size of the rib eye.
Now, everything had to be the biggest and the most, because he wasn't paying for it.
Oh, man.
What a snorer, a rimmer.
And the bad news for Doug McLean is they got a Ruth's Chris in Columbus.
So you can imagine how much is going on the expensive kind there for the straight jackets.
Can I only imagine?
Oh, line nine is finally bringing QAM. Hello.
I want to recommend a movie.
Yes, sir.
They live.
They live.
Yes, that sounds familiar.
Yes, it's amazing.
What happens in this movie is that it's aliens from another planet.
Alien?
You know, not alien on aliens.
Right.
From another planet.
Illegal aliens, we got plenty of those.
And the aliens are just like the Republicans in Bush.
You'd love it.
Yeah, I would strongly recommend you see it.
How old is it?
I don't know.
I saw it a couple days ago.
I got it in a library.
I don't know how old it is.
I would say not more than five years.
It's from 88.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, did you look it up?
I did.
Josh looked it up.
He did a little work there.
Not too much, but he looked at it.
I'm going to go on and see if I got it at the store.
I think you'll love it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I didn't live.
I wrote it down.
Before you do that?
Yes.
It's a Rody Piper movie.
Rody, Rody Piper.
Yeah.
So you know, it's like one of those USA B-Movies.
Yeah, but sometimes those are good.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, I'm just letting you know movie with Rody, Rody Piper could be good.
Well, how about Lori Piper?
Piper high school?
5.670560.
How about KPX?
I think we're going to start soundlecasting WKPX.
Then we can drown out that allowed Spanish language music in the background.
It is bad.
Is it really?
Oh, yeah.
Now, now, what is the scuffle bus since you were there and I'm not?
Isn't anybody saying anything about it in the building?
I have a little bit of it.
I have a little bit of it.
They just pretend we're here.
No, we will see.
No, we will.
I was getting on the turnpike the other day from County Line Road.
And you could almost not even hear, I think I forget who the big O is on.
You could even hear them.
All you heard was like salsa.
Well, if you couldn't hear him, that's not all bad.
Oh!
See what I was saying?
In fact, maybe that wasn't even that Spanish language.
Maybe the big O is like bringing in his own salsa music to go with it.
Trying to like, humanize the station.
The big O.
Oh, he is so bad.
He's just so, he has no clue what he's talking about.
But anyway, all right, screw puts Rumsfeld on the spot over Afghan debts.
You know, Rumsfeld is going to go.
It's just a matter of time.
In fact, where's the article about from what's his name?
From what?
Please, here it is.
John McCain is the, you heard this right?
No.
John McCain said yesterday he has no confidence in Secretary Defense, Don, Rumsfeld,
citing Rumsfeld's handling of the war in Iraq and the figures send more troops.
Speaking to the AP in an hour long interview, McCain said his comments,
we're not a call for Rumsfeld's resignation, explaining that the president can have a team that he wants around him.
I have strenuously argued for larger troop members in Iraq including the right kinds of troops,
linguists, special forces, civil affairs, etc., said McCain.
There are very strong differences of opinion between myself and Secretary Rumsfeld on that issue.
When I asked if Rumsfeld was the liability of the Bush administration, McCain responded,
the president can decide that, not me.
Now, an international rights group said it knows of more prisoners dying in U.S. military custody in Afghanistan
and called on Washington to reveal details of the cases.
In the open letter to Hermann Gehring Rumsfeld, human rights watch revealed two new cases of deaths in custody
and demanded an investigation into a third that took place three months ago.
It's time for the U.S. to come clean about crimes committed by U.S. forces in Afghanistan,
Brad Adams, the Asian Division Director for Human Rights Watch, said yesterday.
Chris Gray, spoken for the U.S. Army's criminal investigation,
commanded Washington later told Reuters of another two prisoners who died in U.S. detention,
bringing the total number to eight.
The two new cases mentioned by the HRW and the letter to Rumsfeld,
the death of an Afghan army soldier mistakenly arrested with seven others in March last year,
and the suspected murder of another detainee in 2002.
And it goes on to list this one here and that one there and this one down over there.
The rights group had earlier taken the U.S. military to task over deaths of three other detainees,
including two at Vagram Air Base in December 2002, that were ruled as homicides by U.S. military pathologists.
So they're dying over there and they were responsible and the Rumsfeld's got to go.
He has got to go. Is there any doubt about it? No.
You're going. And the irony of it is, is a lot of people pointed out that just about everybody else,
90% of the cabinet failed out. They were there ashtaly or, you know, they made a look good.
Like, oh, while they're all resigning to do other things. Like Paule, for example, they all bailed out.
But Rumsfeld and Cheney, of course, the VP, they're still around.
Because that's what it's all about. These are the guys that call them the shots.
That's the triumphant, man. Oh, there's Juleberman.
Yeah. I'm almost tempted to play that thing again. No.
What? You didn't like that, Juleberman? No, I do, but I just don't like him.
Oh. And now Mr. Dan Gernstein, campaign advisor for the Juleberman presidential campaign.
He's got all the East Gadash, Shemeh Rabo, the Olemod, the Verochi, Rusei, the Amnih Malkhusi,
Bagolo, Uwizman, Coriwe, the Meru, Omein.
Oh, boy. But for never.
Boy, 27 pass note at 560 WQM.
A lollipop little boy.
The way the Sheskies balled today is on something.
Like the weights just like a moon and a jake.
Missed most of the season because he said he'd say, but guess what?
He's all juiced up for all.
Oh. Yeah.
What's the parasite for Giambe?
The player with the neck bigger than the end of the tree.
But Jason can't blame that one off.
GNC consists what?
He's all juiced up for all.
Oh. Yeah.
Well, Jason claims he never used the stuff.
The bow is taxi, he's in his complexion's grow.
Well, it looks not far from the odds and fronds.
But Giambe better sleep away from Barry Ball.
He doesn't hit the kid roll or throw.
Guess they should've told him not to not bow gold.
When he makes way we have a young go cos he has what?
He's all juiced up for all.
Oh. Yeah.
Yeah.
His most of the issues that we are raised.
Jason Giambe, you look arranged and someone said your voice has changed.
He can't blame. I don't know what all the fuss is about.
The most of the issues that he's involved in is all he's been thinking.
Lifting weights just like a moon and a jake.
Missed most of the season because he said he'd say, but guess what?
He's all juiced up for all.
Oh. Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
From 33 at 560 WQM, I'm sending a story to Eric right now.
So just hold on.
Here you go.
Okay.
Well, I just had to finish that cos during the show I like Giambe.
Get set out of the way some of this stuff.
Then Eric sends it to Josh.
Maybe if Eric sent him right moon, does nobody eat?
Well, actually just automatically comes to me.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So in other words, I blamed Eric the other day and it was your fault.
What do you mean?
On Saturday?
No.
Saturday.
Don't you remember I told you I sent all those stories and about.
No, I told you.
I upload.
See what how it works is.
I upload the stories.
Yeah.
He puts them up.
But again, oh, so in other words, it still goes back to Eric.
But back in his big fat hands.
I mean, I don't want you to pass the buck unless it turns out.
But it's true that it was Eric's screw up that we didn't give the stories on until like nine o'clock Sunday night.
You can say it.
You don't have to be such a wuss.
What's he going to do to you?
Huh?
What's he going to do to you?
Huh?
He's going to come down and sit on you.
So what he's going to do.
I mean, so he weighs 600 pounds.
He makes the beast look like many of us.
But what he was going to do, he's not coming all the way down from Orlando to the holidays.
And maybe after New Year, we have got more spineless, gutless people around that building.
It's just amazing to me.
Why don't you just come right out to it and say, Eric is the one that screwed up.
He apologized.
He sent me an email.
Oh, sorry about that.
He screwed up.
Well, if he apologized and that's the case, you know.
He said it out.
Okay.
He said, but of course Josh had a lot to do with it.
Protest lost against Sinclair.
Political groups said the TV broadcaster is filling the nation's airwaves with the Republican
bias.
A coalition of liberal political groups has launched a nationwide protest against Sinclair
broadcast group.
Remember the Sinclair gas?
Is that still around?
You said the dinosaur logo?
Huh?
Remember Sinclair gas?
Gas stations?
No.
And had a dinosaur on it.
Anyway, charging at the 62 station TV broadcaster, which was also the target of intense criticism
during the presidential campaign is misusing public airwaves with partisan news programming.
And of course they are absolutely correct.
The group's led by media matters for America today is announcing a campaign to pressure Sinclair's
advertisers with letters.
The campaign is one of the first broad attempts to re-energize liberal political activists in the wake of the Democrats' electoral defeat in November.
Others involved include move on.org, free press, campaign for America's future, working assets, alternate media channel, and filmmaker Robert Greenwald, who made out foxed.
A film released in the summer that led to Republican-vice at Fox News Channel.
How come I never watched that, I've fucked.
Was that any good?
I didn't see it.
There's another one for your list.
The Anti-Sync clear campaign will be run through a new website, SinclairAction.com.
The main focus of the protest is the point commentary by Mark Hyman, who's Sinclair spokesman also oversees the company's Washington lobbying.
A recent media matter is the aim of the point additions from November 2 to December 1 found that the commentaries repeatedly attacked former Democratic candidate John Kerry, former President Clinton and other Democratic politicians.
Hyman has referred to the Democrats as the angry left, charging that there's a liberal bias in the media and expressed support for Bush administration policies.
The commentary airs on about 40 of the 62 stations that Sinclair owned programs or manages reaching about a fourth of U.S. homes with TVs.
All the propaganda all the time, that's U.S. TV, babies, that's all you're going to get.
70-B Comedy Central, and who knows where else.
Federal background check on Bernie Kerrick.
Boy, that guy, it's just amazing what a thorough job they do.
You know what? Why they couldn't find those terrorists when they were here running around the country before 9-11?
Ridiculous.
First, there was the lost son, now comes the lost wife. This is from News Day.
Investigators conducting a background check of Bernard Kerrick last week as part of his confirmation hearings.
I'll cover that the then-Secondary Homeland Security nominee was married to a woman he has apparently kept secret for the past 20 years.
I mean, this guy's got more slime than the thing. I'm sure you saw the thing.
Friends of his said that we're not aware of who the woman and character not acknowledge the marriage and his best-selling autobiography,
the lost son, a life and pursuit of justice.
Instead, he wrote about only two marriages, one way New Jersey woman named Jacqueline, whom he married in 1983 when he was 28,
and one who was current wife Hela whom he married in 1998, even though currently he's been screwing around with two other broads.
But Kerrick, who had your name for consideration for the nation's top security post on Friday, was also married to the former Linda Hales in North Carolina.
Nice job, W. You know how to pick him, baby.
Kerrick, in Hales, who was since remarried and changed the name to Priest. Priest.
Or married August 10th 1978 when she was 27 and he was a three week sharp 24-recoit of her lawyer, Ronnie Mitchell.
They separated in 82 were officially divorced June 6th 1983 Mitchell told New Today.
And Kerrick's book, however, he wrote that he married Jacqueline in the winter of 83 raising questions about whether his first and second marriages overlap.
You following that? Yeah.
In New Jersey marriage records, and not open to the public, in New Today couldn't ascertain yesterday the date of Bernard Kerrick's message, marriage to Jackal and Kerrick, in his book though he laid a how and when he met her.
He wrote that by December 81, he had left North Carolina, returned to New Jersey.
A short time after he arrived back in his native state, he met a woman named Jackie through woman visiting an inmate, housed in jail where Kerrick worked as a guard.
In October 82, he left the sick for a security position at a Saudi Arabian hospital, but found I missed Jackie.
After four months in Saudi Arabia, we flew home to New Jersey, we were quickly engaged in the marriage he wrote.
We honeymoon in Spain when I returned to Riyadh and Jackie went back to the States.
He wrote that when he returned to New Jersey, if he was laid in the spring of 83, then he returned to Saudi Arabia with Jacqueline.
When questioned yesterday and age to Kerrick maintained that contrary to what he wrote in his autobiography, Kerrick married Jacqueline in September of 83.
The age said Kerrick also recalls that he and Linda Kerrick divorced in 81 or 82 and afterward they made a mutual agreement between the two of them ever to talk about it.
Just like his arrest warrant in New Jersey, never just, never let's not talk about it.
The age said that before Kerrick was nominated to head online security, he informed White House officials about the previous marriage to Linda Hales.
White Kerrick kept his marriage to her as secret otherwise remains a mystery that we need Robert Stackback to one's solve.
In fact, this sounds like the kind of guys you see on that show.
You know what I saw on Sol Viseries?
A lot of them, of course.
And you see these guys that like, you know, they were professional gigalows, they married one rich brought over here, and they were like married to four different women at the same time.
Real shady character.
Right, shady character exactly, absolutely correct.
A long time close police friend of Kerrick speaking on the condition of anonymity, of course, said Kerrick never spoke of that marriage to any of his friends.
He also did not mention his marriage to Linda Hales in the scores of interviews he gave throughout his 10 years NYPD police commissioner.
In his 361 page autobiography, he apparently refers to her only as an unnamed woman.
Before I left for the Middle East, he wrote, I had fallen head over heels for a beautiful southern bill, but after I returned, we quickly realized it wasn't meant to be.
Priest was the county clerk in the Cumberland County Courthouse in Fayetteville, North, Carolina.
Didn't respond to phone calls, but instructed Mitchell her lawyer to do so.
Mitchell said Priest and Kerrick met while he was a military policeman stationed at Fort Bragg, and she was an assistant county clerk.
They never had children Mitchell said they just didn't get along and didn't work out.
Hey, guys, every day there's more Judy laundry, maybe.
He is just a real piece of crap, and he was going to be director of Homeland Security.
Right?
Yep.
Wouldn't you feel real confident with him and now, of course, it looks like maybe Julie Burman.
I mean, you could put a limp noodle in charge of Homeland Security and have somebody with a stronger backbone than old Jew Lieberman.
Yeah, he'll keep us safe.
Yeah, now that he's not going to be in the Senate, if he actually takes that job, which I doubt, but if he did, is out of the Senate.
Now we won't have any excuse anymore not to wear his flogger-gilly, you know, the callous and the Yamaha and the Titsus and the whole deal, you know.
Can we still say Titsus?
No.
Like I said, in the 20, well, she might still be in the building.
20 to 1 is 5 is 60 WQM.
Hey, let me tell you right now, speaking of dirt, or a lot of dirt on Buri, Carrick and a lot of dirt in your carpeting.
Now, dry concepts can't clean up Buri, Carrick.
Even even all the body wash in the world isn't going to clean that slime ball up.
But as far as your carpeting is concerned, dry concepts do an unbelievable job of making them look and feel and smell just like brand new.
That's why I've been using it for over 20 years in all of my various homes.
And you should be doing the same.
In fact, once you call dry concepts, I'll bet your Buri, Carrick's life on it, you wouldn't dream of calling anybody else a Burian.
Because they're the only ones in the world who dry clean your carpet.
It sucks out the deep down dirt, the fibers of your carpet leaves them looking brand new.
They smell like many fresh. They're dry in an hour and a half to two hours.
And you really can't clean today and entertain the night.
So with the holidays here, whether it's now or after the holidays are all over and all your painting and the guests are gone,
get your house looking fantastic again. Thanks to our good friends at dry concepts.
And you know, in the carpet cleaning business, one of the most famous deals going around is those 595-per-room scams, not at dry concepts,
they give you a written guaranteed price upfront every time before they even start doing the work.
So whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, drapery, expensive area rugs, or any of the rugs or all of these things,
call our good friends at dry concepts today.
And they brought in Palm Beach as it's a tool-free call, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Or on the work in web, it's rodconcepts.com.
The door seems in new Rogers.
The rest of the world is 560-2-3-8-M.
And this is G Gordon Whitty, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Just give a little hurt, hurt, and then a little hurt, hurt, hurt, or fight, but take the pancake, a little hurt, hurt, and then a little hurt, hurt, hurt.
I really like this dish, a lot of good delicious.
My mother cooked them their dishes, never right, thought the soap has been steamed.
Top of a devil's other tower, sweet and I'm, I'm eating, please believe it.
Won't die just, I am free-seed, and check it out, luck is as hot as forty seasonings,
I'm just a testidad, I'm in the back, now it's evening, they're all eating, everyone's leaving.
I'm feeling, I need you to get up up back to the store, buy us some more for play, souls,
cause I feel like busting moose, and I feel like touching juice.
And then nobody's not me, so baby tell me what's the use, so hey, hey, I'm eating last-gett here, I got it on my clothes, I am eating lunch,
I'm gonna take my clothes off, I'm eating lunch instead, so take our boy's clothes, I am eating lunch,
I'm gonna take my clothes off, with a little bit of a touch, and the sickle of a touch,
come on, say it, with a little bit of a touch, and the sickle of a touch,
with a little bit of a touch, and the sickle of a touch, more shotguns, and a little bit of a touch,
and the little little cut, cut, cut, so hi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi
Okay, sour cream or apple sauce, I mix them both.
What a pig, I mix them together man.
Oh man, just put it all over.
Oh god, what a cow, you probably aren't even eating new ribbons
No, you never had ribbons?
No, like onions fried in chicken fat, just goes right to your heart, no, gives you an instant-oillion clock.
At least we gotta have something to go in this time of year, you know what is chinook and business?
Since we got to rotate a lot of kids, we got Dreadless to spin.
Corkey should have brought some over.
I was thinking that when I was starting to play that bit, I was thinking Corkey should
have brought you over some of that great brisket and the deadlock.
When that'd be great.
Well, we might as well kid you right on the ear, at least you'll have a smile on your face
and of course, Josh being the boy that he is.
He probably didn't even have to pay that.
He'd be like, Network, we could do that.
But I actually have, potato, potato peanuts, they're good.
Right now.
Let me just say this to you, okay?
The ones from Corkeys are great.
Yes, the best, the best potato pancakes are the ones that are real thin.
Real thin and crisp, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah.
Now the ones from Corkeys are a little bit like plump.
They're like, they're great.
But the best ones, like my Bubba used to make.
My grandma used to make a real thin and like flat.
Let's play Jim Morrison's, he'll show you a clock.
What do you say?
Let's take an hour to match, I'll show you.
Everybody's taking hours time.
Let's say something new's coming.
Let's play the doors until about 10, 30 tonight.
What do you say?
Oh, the people that you see.
Anybody could not like the doors.
I would say it's got to be a communist, if you know what I could go to the door.
Is that a new room with them?
I'd agree.
Come on Easter, come on Easter.
Oh, right.
I think he's still alive.
George has seven to level with Elvis.
He's probably going to pick a leg if seven leaven right up the street right now is where
we're talking about it.
Maybe he's in his watchies.
You keep stepping on it.
You're in the army.
The brutal.
You've never been in this joke, you've said that.
You keep stepping on little vocals.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon singing a wireless line.
We got two polls going today.
Why is the B such a jerk and why do you hit him so much?
And there should be a law against them.
What have we got going on there?
We got 416 votes.
That's not too bad for this time of the day.
What time we start about 1046?
1046.
I believe there should be a law against organized religion.
87.
Oh, I like that a lot.
That was my vote.
Stupid people breathing 82.
That was my using cell phones in a movie theater restaurant 78.
Retired people driving during rush hour 50.
Stupid people voting 32.
Writing a check at a grocery retail store 32.
Commercials at movie theaters is got.
BOT 3 man.
Screaming kids at a restaurant 14.
Screaming kids on an airplane five using the word closure five and locker room interview
still has only one.
I don't even know why that one's on there.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't think the locker room interviews what bothers me are the press conferences after
sporting events.
Back in the day, we never heard of such a thing.
But now every single game no matter how meaningless it may be, we have to have these dumb
jocks in the coaches sitting in front of a microphone, pontificating to the sports writers
there.
You know, who the hell gives a crap what they got to say?
Why do I care?
People hang on every word.
Well, no, only the people who listen to QA and the sports news, only that crowd.
The people listen to the 70 ESPM radio.
How's Dallas bastard doing by the way?
Anybody listen to him?
No.
What a jerk.
I think he's even worse than your friend.
No, no, no, no.
In some way.
That can't be possible.
Dominic QA, QA M, hello.
Yes.
El Gordo Rico.
Yeah, okay.
Dominic QA M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you going?
I couldn't put a little minute because you don't work on Saturdays.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Good point.
Oh, yeah.
We never be safe on Saturday, right?
In fact, I'd be the new slogan, never on a showbiz.
Don't be attacking us on showbiz, baby, because the online security director, he's
Schloff, and he's in Schull.
Very good point.
If they put him in charge, I'm going to Canada.
Well, that's right.
I'm already in Canada.
Fist.
And with good reason, baby.
Good reason.
Wow.
Sun is shining.
Look at that.
Blue skies out there.
It's beautiful.
And let me take a look at the up to the men temperature.
In case Pauli cast a role-possessant.
Okay.
He wants to like to repeat the Toronto weather.
Oh, it's minus seven.
It's pretty toasty in.
And warmer.
What's that about?
Like 20 degrees is a Fahrenheit.
It's minus seven.
I'm going to reach a high minus six today.
It's one of those days where you know like this because you lived up north.
You sit inside and you look out the window when the sun is shining.
It's clear.
It looks beautiful.
It looks like if you walk outside, it'll be about 75.
Yeah, the trees are glistening.
Right.
Absolutely.
And it's freezing over here, but it's okay.
You dress for it.
Of course.
And it sure is how beat set those for hurricanes.
I'll tell you that.
Especially those three that were going on in September.
5, 6, 7.
Oh, that was the worst four days.
I know how to pick a man.
Just like Bush, he can pick his cabinet members.
I know how to pick my vacations and my trips to Florida.
Those four days that I sat there locked like a prisoner, like Patrick McGuwen in the house.
That was not too good.
And we were lucky.
That losing the power.
Right.
After about 30 seconds, that was about it.
WQA and hello.
Any, yes, sir.
I got the website.
The wall guy.
It's 911 in clean site.com 911 in plain site.com.
And what's on it?
You've got to see it.
It's awesome clips of 911 footage.
It's about a, it's hosted by a guy named Dave Van Kleist.
He's making a talk.
Dave Van Kleist.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's making a documentary on it.
It's actually on sale.
I show him a 12th of December.
So it should be ready to be up.
Okay.
I'll take it.
I'll take a peek on that.
I'll show.
Okay.
Thanks.
Let's play some more doors.
Actually, one of the best songs they were did was.
This one.
Wishful, dressful, all six of us.
And everything else.
All right.
He was a pseudo intellectual, I've seen more.
Right.
Right.
Bob hits the green zone for second time in two days.
For the second day in a row.
Boy, they got some tourists over there, baby.
A lot of dead people.
A lot of people with no arms, no legs.
You know, that's the price of freedom.
That's the price of democracy, baby.
For the second day in a row, Iraqi insurgents today struck with a car bomb near a western
checkpoint in the Baghdad's green zone.
An official with Baghdad's Yarmuk hospital set among its casualties were two dead and
thirteen wounded.
No reports of US casualties today yet.
Some of the internet hospitals holds CNN.
The bombing was a suicide attack.
All the crazy suicide bombers all the time.
Maybe Jim Morrison committed suicide.
Maybe he drank himself into a stupor, into a drunken stupor.
If he gets possible.
How about William Holden?
They found him with a bottle in his hand.
True.
And he was great in that work.
He was unbelievable.
Yeah.
I love in the beginning of the movie where he and Howard B.L.
are getting drunk together.
Oh, yeah.
For the first time.
He tells the story two or three times during the movie, but he tells the story about
taking me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
It's great.
Don't do it, buddy.
You're a young guy.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
He's great.
William Holden.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless LAN.
Let's get in three or four thousand good calls about the beast between now and two.
What do you say?
Come on.
I wanted to go to the movies.
And one guy I was like trying to keep you alive.
That was great.
That was a good call.
I was a very nice guy.
He was wasting his time spinning his wheels.
Now in fact, since you saw the movie now, then that should give you a little inspiration.
Oh.
Because when Don Delewese finally found his love interest, his nice lovely girl in the gift shop
that everyone else was with her candelabra, whatever she was pearly, then all of a sudden
he had something to do.
So instead of having a few lunches all the time, he was like going out and having a good
time and getting laid once a while and things like that.
I know.
And all of a sudden he bulked down quite a bit.
I was at working for you or not.
Not exactly.
Well why not?
Is your girlfriend fat?
No, but you know.
Is she a good cook?
I'm probably the better cook out of the two.
Is she making potato loquies with sour cream and applesauce?
No, but we have picked them up from corkies.
What a cow.
What a...
And from corkies you live on brickle.
There's no corkies in Dave County anymore.
I know.
It's one in Pemmer 5's wherever.
So you drive all the way over there to pick up potato loquies?
Well, go the distance for a good lucky.
You know, back in the day man when we had the...
What was it called the Villa deli?
On Alton Road on the beach?
Yeah.
Remember that?
No.
Oh man, he used to deliver us food at...
And I would do one.
I worked at KAT.
He used to go there and eat...
Oh man, was that a great place?
On Alton Road?
Yeah.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, that was so good.
Well, back in the day man, of course there were a lot of Jews on the beach in the
days.
There were people who spoke English that were Jews.
And now of course then we had the Cubano's that came in and then we had the...
Now we have the hip-hop crowd and everybody is flying out of there.
They still get the epicure.
Oh, the epicure market?
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah, I love the epicure.
You'll get such a heartburn just when you walk in the door before you eat anything you'll
have a heartburn.
You'll have a smile on your face.
It's delicious.
1250, I'm telling you man and if we only had the famous...
I guarantee you never ate it the famous.
Oh, brother.
That may have been the best restaurant in the history of South Florida with the famous
on the Washington Avenue.
Sixth Street, I believe in Washington Avenue where they had the big bowl of pickles on
the table and then they would bring it...
If there was like three or four of you they'd bring the mott's of all soup in a big like
a tub like an asshole.
Wow.
And they had the fried crepe lock.
And of course a bottle of seltzer on every table just so you could grip something.
12...
Oh, sorry Joyce.
1257 at 560 WQAMD of guests coming for the holidays.
Are you wondering what to do with that dirty old schmoonsie carpeting in your home?
Now is the time to get rid of that carpet and replace it with lemon or hardwood flooring
from lemon at designs.
Visit Laminate Design's showroom at 8280 State Road 84 in Davy and choose from over 400
samples on display.
Bring in the new year with a new lemon and hardwood floor starting as low as 399 square
foot installed.
Call 1-877-8 Laminate to set up a free no obligation in home estimate.
For all you do it yourself or is out there, Laminate Design's has cash and carry flooring
as low as 90 cents a square foot.
Restrictions apply.
Laminate Design's is located in Davy just off I-595 between Panala Road University Drive.
The showroom is open every day Monday through Saturday from 9 in the morning till 430
in the afternoon.
And on Sunday in those hours that are so familiar to the listeners of the show when we
used to be on, Sundays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Call 1-877-8 Laminate.
That's 1-877-8 LAMI N-A-T-E 8 Laminate.
For a new lemon or hardwood floor from Laminate Design's, the flooring company where service
comes first.
1-877-8 Laminate.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
It's good to know that you are on 560-60-8-U-A-M.
It's time to do our...
Hi, V.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny, to those who have it, it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a date or a business meeting and...
Excuse me.
See what happened?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists, sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as burp-inders.
Gosh, burp-inders saved my life.
They're Joanna and I were in love.
I really love them.
I really wanted to ask her to marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burp-inders.
No shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling, smelly belches, no more stopping in mid-sittance
to uncorrect a big cheesy blaster.
Just carrying professionals and to help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
555-277-555-
Burp-inders.
Call today and stop being so gross.
102 at 568.
I need you, Quayne.
I need that badly.
What's that?
I have a horrible belching problem.
Oh, I can't imagine why.
And you probably have a horrible farting problem too.
I have to just gas all around.
Well, people that eat a lot and that are big.
I should know.
Man, I fart up a storm.
Only alone, of course, horrible.
Right, my girlfriend has to wear a mask.
Now, is that over her eyes or over her nose?
Or both?
Or both?
It's just a full face mask.
I'm trying to think, oh, I know it was a woodbine a few weeks ago.
I was standing waiting for a machine very patiently not.
I don't have no patience.
And I'm kind of like hovering me to hide some people.
There are some of these people that keep sticking out of their 20 and they get out of there already.
I'm putting this down.
And man, I cut some of the worst cheese in the history of the human race.
And of course, naturally, now you start tiptoeing away.
Like, oh, it wasn't me.
You know, you don't say anything.
You just with a very straight face start.
And you can see the hair wilting on the heads of these two or three people sitting within a range.
You know, oh, brother.
That was bad.
But you're right when you're a big cow.
And of course, when you have irritable bowel,
it's a three and a half hour high, baby.
Yes, all fat people have irritable bowel.
Well, it's a Jewish thing, too.
Oh, is it really?
Yeah, Jewish fellow.
I'm not the only one who wishes.
Well, she doesn't anymore because she's dead.
But she only wished that she would have had irritable bowel because at least she would have been doing something.
She would have been like Beethoven and had several movements.
Well, that works both ways, you know.
Oh, I know that.
Well, she had the not doing part.
Right.
If I could tell you how many times she had it tell me every time about how she used to take...
She took a laxative every day since she was a little girl.
Every day.
So it's kind of interesting that when she died, it was because of intestinal problems.
Right.
It's just a coincidence, I'm sure.
Although 91, like I said, is plenty old enough.
Now, Frank Rich writes in the Aura Times,
the plot against sex in America.
You're not going to make it to 91.
But you're not going to make it to 41.
Maybe 42.
No.
I'm telling you right now, not on the right Aura.
Because you just think it's a joke.
See with me, I'm fat.
I'm like this morning, 91.
Right.
Which is not good.
For me, it's not too bad.
And I need to be like 165, I would say,
it would be a safe way for me to like stay alive.
But I'm at least I'm working at it in between the feeding's gigantic tubs of ice cream.
But in between that, I'm working at it.
But you with you, you just don't care.
Does that try to go through faces?
Yeah.
But the losing phase is very seldom when you're like once in a blue moon.
Right.
And why is that?
You have a death wish?
No.
Then what is it?
It's just, you know, I don't know.
It's like the four top set, I can't help myself.
It's easy to stuff food in your mouth.
Frank Rich in the Aura Times writes,
I had a line for that, but of course, Joyce is around.
He says when they start pushing the panic button over moral values
at the bluest of TV channels, public broadcasting's WNET and the bluest of the cities in New York,
you know this country's entered a new cultural twilight zone.
The article is called the Plot Against Sex in America.
See, there you go.
Just three weeks after the election, Channel 13 killed a spot for the acclaimed movie Kinsey,
in which Liam Neeson stars as the pioneering Indian University sex researcher,
who first let Americans know that non-marital sex is a non-, as a national pastime,
and that women have orgasms too, and that masturbation and homosexuality do not lead to insanity.
At first WNET said it killed the spot because it was too commercial and too provocative,
a tough case to make about a routine pseudo-ad interchangeable with all the other pseudo-ads
that run on commercial-free PBS.
That explanation quickly became an operative for anyway.
The Kinsey distributor, Fox Search Light, let the press see an email from an
actual public broadcasting media manager stating that the real problem was the content of this movie
and controversial press-ray group speaking out against the movie's live subject matter
that might bring viewer complaints.
Maybe in the end, Channel 13 got too many complaints about its own cowardice
because by last week in response to my inquiries it had a new story.
That email was all a big mistake, and unfortunately, a miscommunication hatched by some poor
named Flunky and marketing.
This would be funny for not so serious and if for an anomaly.
Yet, even as the Kinsey spot was barred in New York, a public radio station in North Carolina,
a WNCFM, told an international women's rights organization based in Chapel Hill
that it could not use the phrase reproductive rights in an on-the-your announcement.
In Los Angeles, five commercial TV channels, driven in decency penalties,
refused to broadcast a public service spot created by LA County Zone Public Health Agency
to counter-ractorizing Tata Cifilis.
Nationwide, the big three TV networks all abandoned it in which the United Church of Christ
heralded the openness of its 6,000 congregations to gay couples.
Such rapid fire post-election events are conspiring to make Kinsey a bell-weather cultural event of this year
when I first saw the movie last spring prior to its release.
It struck me as an intelligent account of a half forgotten and somewhat quaint chapter
in American historical American social history.
It was in the distant year of 1948 that Alfred Kinsey, a Harvard-trained zoologist,
published sexual behavior in the human male, a dense clinical 844 page accounting
of the findings of his obsessive mission to record the sexual histories of as many Americans
as time and willing volunteer as speaking in confidentiality would allow.
The book's stormed the culture with such force that Kinsey was featured in almost every major national magazine.
A time cover story likened his book's success to Gone With A Wind.
Even pop music paid homage with the rubber-faced comic Martha Ray selling half-minute and copies of
U-Doctor Kinsey and Cole Porter immortalizing the Kinsey report sizzling impact in a classic stanza in Tudarn Hot.
The vocabulary of the novel is a time found that three quarters of the public approved Kinsey's work,
not everyone welcomed the idea that candor might supply ignorance and shame in the national conversation about sex.
Billy Graham predictably said the publication of Kinsey's research would do untool damage
to the already deteriorating morals of America.
Some were less predictably, as David Halberstam writes in the 50s,
the New York Times had first refused to accept advertising for Kinsey's book.
Such history, which seemed ancient only months ago, has gained an urgency essentially less since election day,
as politicians at the media like Pander that supposedly 22% of moral values voters were back where we came in.
Bill Condon, who wrote and directed Kinsey, started working on this project in 1999 and didn't give it to any political climate.
The film is a straightforward telling of its subject's story, his thoroughness and bisexuality is through
an authoraniness and bisexuality included confirming and brought out line to the facts is laid out by Kinsey's most recent biographers.
But not unlike Philip Ross plot against America, which transports us back to an era American era overlapping that a Kinsey,
this movie however unintentionally taps into anxieties that feel entirely contemporary.
The channel 13 would even fleetingly block a Kinsey as the times long ago did, at the actual Kinsey is not a coincidence.
As for the right wing groups that have targeted the movie with or without seeing it, they're the usual suspects many of them determined to recycle false accusations that Kinsey was a pedophile as if they might somehow make the actual pedophilia scandal in one church go away.
But this crowd doesn't just want with left of Kinsey's scalp, he died in 56, empowered by that election day moral values pull result,
it's pressing for a whole host of second term gifts from the Bush administration, further rollbacks of stem cell research, gay civil rights,
talk with food sightings and NFL games and dare I say it allowed reproductive rights for women.
If you have weaklings around who don't share your biblical values, shadow yourself of them,
wrote Bob Jones the third, present the eponymous South Carolina University to present a push after the election.
Puts you agenda on the front burner and let it boil, such as the perceived crowd of this Republican-based government agencies like the FCC,
the need only burp and 66 frightened ABC affiliates instantly dumped the net worst broadcast so that in decent movie, saving private Ryan on Veterans Day.
In the case of Kinsey, the traditional values coalition is called for a year-long boycott of all movies released by Fox,
when the hypocrisy we've come to expect it doesn't ask its members to boycott Fox's corporate sibling and the Murdoch Empire Fox News.
But such organizations don't really care about Kinsey and Art House picture that however well reviewed or astronomical,
will be seen by a relatively small audience mostly in the blue states.
The film is just this month's handy pretext for advancing the larger goal of pushing sex of all non-divocal crimes back into the closet
and undermining any scientific findings whether circa 1948 or 2004,
that my challenge fundamental of sexual orthodoxy is successfully as Darwin challenged Genesis.
Though that success too is in doubt, the Washington Post reports that this year some 40 states are dealing with challenges to the teaching of evolution in public schools.
Kinsey is almost uncannily helpful guide to how these old cultural fall-lights have re-emerged from their tomb virtually unchanged.
Among Kinsey's on-screen antagonist is the University Hygiene Instructor,
who states with absolute certainty that absence is the only cure needed to stop syphilis, sound familiar.
In tune with the moral values crusaders, the website for the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is obscured and downplayed the important information that condoms are overwhelmingly effective in preventing sexually transmitted diseases,
a nonprofit organization supporting comprehensive sex education, advocates for youth publicized the stuff the fusion has been rewarded with three government audits of its finances in eight months.
Elsewhere in Kinsey we watch desperate students pepper their professor with a series of uninformed questions.
Can too much sex cause cancer, the suppressing sex lead, the stuttering, there's too much masturbation caused premature ejaculation?
Though that sequence takes place in 1939, you can turn on CNN in December 2004 and watch Genevieve Wood or the Family Research Council repeatedly refuse five times according to the transcript to disown the idea that masturbation can cause pregnancy.
Ms. Wood was being asked about that on Crossfire because a new congressional report spearheaded by the California Democratic Henry Waxman shows that various fictions of John science, like AIDS being spread by tears and sweat for example,
have turned up as dogma in abstinence only sex education programs into which American taxpayers have sunk some nine hundred million dollars in five years.
Right now this is the only kind of sex education that our government supports, even though science is that abstinence only programs don't work or may be counterproductive.
A recent Columbia University study found that teens who make virginity pledged to the lay sex until marriage still have premarital sex at a high rate, 88% rivaling those that don't but are less likely to use contraception once they do.
In California, a huge blue state refuses to accept federal funding for abstinence only curriculums and has a 40% fall off and teenage pregnancy over the past decade, so second only to Alaska.
No matter what the senses may accomplish elsewhere, the pop culture revolution since Kinsey's era is in little jeopardy in a nation of desperate housewives, two darn hot, has become an actual anthem.
A movie like Kinsey will do just fine, the more protest, the more publicity and the larger the box office.
But if Hollywood will always survive, off-screen Americans are being damaged by the cultural war over sex that is being played out in real life.
You see that when struggling kids are denied the same information about sexuality that was kept from their antecedents in the pre-Kinsey area.
You see that when pharmacists in more and more states and forth their own moral values by refusing to feel women's contraceptive prescriptions and do so with the test or official approval of local officials.
You see when basic information that might prevent the spread of lethal diseases is suppressed by the government because it favors political pandering over scientific fact.
While sexual behavior in the human male was received with a certain amount of enthusiasm and released by most Americans in 1948, the atmosphere had changed radically by the time Kinsey published his follow-up volume, sexual behavior in the human female just five years later.
By 1953, Joe McCarthy was in full throttle and as James H. Jones writes in his duties of 1997 Kinsey biography, all for conservative critical accused Kinsey of aiding communism by undermining sexual morality in the sanctity of the home.
Kinsey was an anti-Soviet anti-nudial conservative but that didn't matter in an America rack by fear.
He lost the principal sponsor of his research, the Rockefeller Foundation, and soon found himself being hounded in part for a sympathetic view of homosexuality by the ambiguously gay homophobic, jade, ruhuver and Clyde Tulson.
Based on what we've seen in just the six weeks in selection day, the parallels between that world where sex and her own may have just begun.
The name just begun if I had the next story after the break, Atlanta police shut down nude musical.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
We're back in the stone days again.
Long 14 at 560 WQA amidst that wonderful time of the year again unless you're one of those grinses out there that hates it.
And of course, maybe not good reason to hate it because of those crowded malls and log register lines and parking hassles and crazy wild out of control shoppers as well.
Make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you when your loved ones give them a dollar mattress gift certificate.
When you call tool free, 1-800 mattress, you can order a dollar mattress gift certificate in any denomination and the new bed makes a perfect gift at the last three years.
Now when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll save an additional 20% on select models, boss applies last and choose from the top names in a mattress business like CERDA, CELY, Simmons, King Coulterns and Foster Hewitt and Tempority II.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same data every when you want.
Like I've always been a dollar mattress.
You pick the date and time, the tour winner wants convenient for you and guess what they show off.
In fact, they're mighty proud of their 99 points that record of being on time.
What I just say, you heard it.
They're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction and winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award.
I've been using dollar mattress for years and if the old mattress is handed, just do the smart thing instead of wasting your time, gas and money, your begging and department stores and helping pay for their big overhead, just make an easy phone call.
Just sit there right on your fat ass and call 1-800-MACRIS or log on to their website at mattress.com.
Dial mattress 1-800-MAT-R-E-S.
You're on the internet, Roger.
I'm an amp, school, and I'm on 560-60-MQ-A-M.
I can't pay this.
So this is Christmas.
I'm you know this song.
But my wife is singing.
If we were dead for everyone.
Absolutely.
I'm so this is Christmas.
When we sing we all like.
But as soon as you hear your girl, I wish it's right parable for my.
Oh, you help my hair she calls.
Oh my God.
Oh boy.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Thank you.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Where on Christmas you'll hear
I'm dying out of here
I'm here, I'm here, I'm here
Every year you get past over
Chinese food, Chinese food
Let's go move, let's go move
Cause you don't have Christmas day
Oi!
Tani ga, Tani ga, Tani ga
Being you wish, it's a pity
Mazotan, Mazotan
You got rough, you got rough
Cause you don't have Christmas day
Yeah, you mean you don't have a Christmas tree in your house
I remember that when I was a kid
You used to get that from the igloin in my class
You don't have a Christmas tree, your parents thought no
Oh gee, you know
Big deal
So we don't have pine needles all over the floor either
That is true
Should be my biggest problem that I don't have a Christmas tree
I never did have and never will have
Because I think I don't have to do with me
Any more than I have a Mazusa on the door
Or a menorah on my counter
Or any of that, any chachkis
Right
Right, ten year this
Yeah
You are a real peace
In fact I'm gonna take a mini pole
Who do you like better, Avril Lavigne or the Beast
Oh, what?
I can't believe you're putting me in the same context as her
She's making some big bucks, that is true
There are people that cover her body
Even though I'm not sure why
Well, I'm sure she's on television
Right
A man has been charged with animal cruelty in Gainesville
For allegedly biting his Jack Russell Terrier as punishment
And police say he used a 200 pound bullmastiff
And I intend to keep back officers who arrived to arrest him
Gainesville
You see, you're picture forming in your mind now
Oh yeah
Of this guy
Oh
The mother of my man
See if you're gonna do it, do it right
Okay
Like that
It's a beast with a steam shot
Like that
Now you've seen that I hope
Yes, thank you
I know what though I'll be honest with you
I didn't see it up until about two months ago
Yeah
And then I noticed it was on at like 3am one night
So I teavote it and watched it
There you go
The liver is great, sensational
You didn't think so?
Oh, I loved it
Oh, scared the hell out of me
No, no
It's one thing not to like Harvall of Eden
There would be another thing
And to another whole category not to like deliverance
The mother of Mount Lee Lacey's girlfriend
Mount Lee Lacey
Called police because she was concerned about an argument between him and her daughter about Lacey's
Unusual discipline for his dog lady
Maybe he likes biting ladies
Officers kicked out in the apartment door when they heard an argument and a barking dog
Lacey or as Al Michael said, I would say, dog
He said bull about 400 times last night, bull
The bull is on the 40 when we come back to bull
I like Al Michael's but quit saying bull
Have you noticed that?
No
Do you like?
Yeah
Bull
But you pointed it out but I had to say
Right, since I put it out and now people are there and then I'll get blamed for that
If you wouldn't have said anything they wouldn't have noticed that, then Al has that bull
Lacey was holding the massive named Breaker on a totally six feet inside the door
The officers do their guns but didn't fire
Lacey 21 was handcuffed in jail set at one county to fell in the animal cruelty and resisting
Rest Without Violence
He remained in the Elangible County jail on $25,000 bail today
The County Public Defenders' Orifice said it's not representing Lacey and couldn't be determined if he's had an attorney
He said that biting the dog was good punishment and that's how you train them that dogs bite
So that's what they understand since her to keep came out and never thought about that
Jeez, hey tiny, why don't we come back and try it again?
Let's just say I mean, how come I know my dogs never bit, they weren't biting dogs
When an officer went to check on Lacey, she was cowering in the back of her crate as if the officer was going to hurt her
Police reported Lacey's left front paw was bloody from the bite
Jack Russell Terry is normally way 10 to 16 pounds just like little tiny
If you're inflicting injury or breaking skin, the dog is responding to pain
You're not doing any good said, PP Perry Arrow
That's his name, Peppy Perry Arrow, I say Peppy, you say Peppy
A former police officer operates a dog training school nearby high springs
There's a lot of information for you don't bite your Jack Russell Terry
He meets Jack Russell, he might want to bite him on air but not poor little lady
Now let's see who you like better, Obor Levina the Beast
Huh?
Yeah, it might be close, I like myself better
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8
I mean I like her videos, I'm not seeing she makes free music, but her videos are cute, they're fun, what's wrong with her?
Come on, what do you like 16 in middle school?
No, no, how about the Aqua, do you like Aqua?
I'm a Barbie girl, right, oh my God
I think it's good, look I'm not saying it's good music but it's fun, it's funny
Oh you got no sense of humor, I'm not talking about the song, I'm talking about the video
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah
I'll have you know I'm getting quite a white cow dragon this gross around it. I'll have a ton of body and no time
And I'm gonna marvel like it
Right, well, they're so angry about anyway. Oh, when this right use to bring it
Everybody public time into something magic shout-off and get me something to drink
What is that?
That looks like a nice place to pull the mother
I could think ever in the nails
You guys know what you're doing. Pull over him. Oh, just put the hands out like this
Between the bones between the bones
Get it in the meat. Well, yeah, I'm not in space with them to get a like
Now see here ain't your got no stick mother
Has to get really got a bottle
Now put me like a hunter
Well, I can see the back of the Chinese rister on to the fast my is deli
According to my a weekly schedule and about three days that judge more as life you and there have been in
2000 years or so from now on coming back again as an all-iterate retarded will leave the free world
No, I think more step back. I'm up and had some rising right now
148 and 560 I fixed it you did I should send an engineering bill you really should because I installed my den
In yesterday and then we had this little bit of a problem which was a big problem because you were like that
So when we went into the break because the commercials were sounded the same up here
I'm sure they were fine on the year right up here because it was the phone lines are we set the tell-os I turned the button off
And I turned it back on and but I'm big there you were I like that. Okay. I mean a lot of these things don't require like any genius
Which of course our engineering department is quite a joke. Well fixed it was ready to get on it right well
I guess we were lucky we didn't have to get fixed on it was an act of God, you know
Deal. God right thanks anyway fixing it lost happy holidays get it going a portrait of President Bush using monkeys to form its image
Led to the closure of the New York art exhibit over the weekend anguish protests on Monday over freedom of expression
Bush monkeys a small acrylic on canvas by Chris Savito created the stir at the Chelsea Market Public Space in New York
leading the markets managers to close down the 60p show that was scheduled to stay up for next month
The show featured art from the upcoming issue of Animal Magazine a quarterly publication featuring emerging artists
We had tons of people like more than two thousand people show up for the opening on Thursday night since your organizer Bucky Turko
What if he's kind of Marty Turko of Dallas you think?
Goli you don't have to go nothing about hockey pretender you know nothing okay, you don't I know some stuff like what I'm good with like night
You're a number five ruins right then this manager saw the piece of the guy just kind of flipped out the show is over get this work down
I'm gonna rescue he said it's been kind of wild Turko took the show down on Saturday move the artwork to a small downtown
Animal gallery calls to the management of Chelsea Market War for comment when I returned
From afar the painting offers electives of Bush were when you get closer you see the images made up of chimpanzees or monkeys swimming in a marsh
Savito 23 city was surprised by the storm reaction to his painting listed in the catalog at 3,500 bucks
Oh, be still take that. He's parents have got millions. That's why they live on brickle
Millionaires. That's why he's a Ruth Chris
Sporled fat little Jewish kid. It seems like people get a kick out of it Savito
So when they really see it they almost do a double take I like to get reaction from people
The Pittsburgh Pennsylvania bread artist was said he was happy for all the attention paid to his work
But said that this isn't a shot of the exhibit was a blatant act of censorship which I would have probably say
Correct
Savito plans to auction the painting and donate proceeds to an organization dedicated to freedom of expression
This is much deeper than art. This is fundamental American rights freedom of speech to be said to see that something like this
Can happen especially a place like New York is mind boggling and scary? Oh my god
Freedom of speech. I remember those days. Don't you
Yeah, they were fun. That's so fairly recently. How is Joyce doing by the way?
I don't realize that you hurt pretty tight. How many meetings have you had with your
All over the for-well business. Yeah, now did you get your action or ring or two because you were supposed to like be dumping that stuff or you were like
How did you I realized you were the producer? How did you ask playing that whole deal?
I was just a middleman if you will. Oh with the pimp a witness. Yeah
How did you lie a lot or did you tell the truth? No, I told the truth
But you know they they asked about stuff you couldn't even remember. Yeah
Right of course
And just like Nixon always said just say I can't recall. I don't remember I can't recall my right and look what happened in Nixon
He said that well
56050560 pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line our poll today which you know
I realized we could have added a whole bunch of other things under I just I don't like a poll with too many things
Just gets too cluttered. Oh right. Don't you think we have ample area for them to vent on this one?
We'll get topic. There should be a law against organized religion
126. Hallelujah praise the Lord
Stupid people reading 118 using cell phones in a movie theater restaurant 97
Retired people driving during rush hour 64 stupid people voting 50 writing a check at a groceries our retail store 41
Commercials at movie theaters 36 screaming kids in a restaurant 21 screaming kids on an airplane 10
Especially in business class using the word closure 7 and locker room interviews now
It's finally got another one too probably girl. He made that
Hey, by the way, I hate to bring her to do you know NHL season? It's not official
Yeah, but it will be by the end of the day when a doctor gonna like toss it out pretty sad in it. Yeah, I'm gonna break your heart
No
Bruins weren't gonna go anywhere anyway Bruins were gonna really suck this year. Yeah, they're bad
No, they weren't but I just said it to make you feel they're really gonna be bad. Why do you why do you say that?
Tell us they're just the front office. There's horrible and the ownership stinks. I mean it's bad
Jeremy Jake and why do we work when you got the red sauce? Have one the world serious
True and you got the Patriots are 12 and one
I'm gonna kick the dolphins into a blivvy and Monday night in the
PP park I can only that's gonna be something. Can you imagine that game? Oh?
Now you're gonna go to that game where she got my tickets. Yeah, I'll be there. I'll be there too. Wow
That isn't and I'll be watching HD as a matter of fact
Boy, we'll be able to just reach right in there and pat Tom Brady on the shoulder
What I'm not in this padding guys any ass stuff in ball games. Okay. That's really hey that's uh, I'm sorry
That's fag stuff. Hey if you're on one of those low carb diets like the beast are you low-carving it this week or not?
Not this week, baby. What you've done it though? I have yeah
Whether it's the Atkins the sugarbusters the South Beach any of these Indians of low-carb sugar-free diets
Delicorized local is a story you've got to get to because they've got all the stuff you're looking for
Well, I mean most of the stuff now some of the stuff like the meat and cheese and the seafood that's in your supermarket
But that's about the limit in your supermarket
They may have like a few a handful of items
But if the lights they've got over 1200 tasty products to keep you on your straight and desperately never or pat
They have carbolite ice cream breads pasta chocolates brownies cookies and last more
Which is why people love this store because they get variety things with some taste to keep them happy
The lights is open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they're located on the northeast corner of
Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market you can call them toll-free
1 877 low carb runner wicked wave. That's with the W by the way and in fact now everything's with the W and on the web
It's low carb.com also with the W don't forget there's only one Delights and West book of Rodeo Diders out there
It's an incredible place. It's your official Atkins retail center
Ooooh
home
You can't see your country
Through the winter streets
Expect a little bit of heat
And send them all on fire
To leave them to be heat
For the next time of the future
For the next time of the future
For the next time of the future
For the next time of the future
In the future
As you waited back
The school year will end today
And the ones who don't
And some day don't work anyway
Just like my friends
Don't go back in 1964
If you think what a poorer
It's okay that's not at all
For the next time of the future
We got it up and cheap
For the next time of the future
For the future
For the next time of the future
Where are you now?
For the next time of the future
Yes
For the next time of the future
Yes
For the next time of the future
Yes
Yes
For the next time of the future
Where are you now?
For the next time of the future
Yes
For the next time of the future
Where are you now?
For the next time of the future
That's the quality man
You see I can't get out of my mind
This is part of that whole mesmerizing
That brainwashing effect
When you keep repeating something over and over again
Right
I can't get out of my mind
The two characters
Created by Bokobry and the
Mohawar David and character
You know what I'm saying?
And the Geltie character
As opposed to like the real people
Right great stuff
And like I said before
If they would have been smart and put Bokobry
on there just to do the two voices
Back in four if we'd have had a half of a morning show
With a bunch of
I mean with all the respect to Stern being on there
Plus it probably would end right at 10 o'clock
But that would have been great
Too bad there's no hockey
We could have had some good uh
You know NHL play that I played
Bits
Yeah
It would have been like
Maud doing color or something
Yeah
We do have one summer
It's a goal
But we have one summer
But it's in the other thing
Okay
And it's been kind of painless these two days
I'm like if you notice
I'm like a sting in neutral here
Through the holidays
I mean what's the point of like
Busting your balls and just go
And of course I got to check out all of
A for Opel Avine videos
How did the name even come up?
I don't know
Jesus go
Quite frankly she can't sing the video suck
And she is
She's like a pencilhead okay
You happy now?
Yes
Okay good
Bye bye bye
