I
First in Florida with an HD ring
Don't forget about that man are we proud of that or what?
Anybody got one? No, my any Ford Lutter day, though, and don't forget those 24-7 bronze cash, baby
Only Asian in the soul. So who's the both four? I was on the other guys bowing
What other guy the Republican guy? Oh?
Yeah, I know I'm sorry today. I don't want to break which one did you vote for?
I'm not gonna get into it, Ted you'll freak out on me, okay?
Not no way. Yeah
That that hooded freak
Which one be specific?
What's his name, man? I'm not gonna argue
Ted Turner. Yes. Oh man. You voted for Buchanan. I voted for Ted Turner
Dude, why don't you send the police right into my pad? I
Don't give them my phone number and it's red
Chad and let them come over and kill me
Man you a lit york gonna elect the thought police Ted
Ted this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary, okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side
What my pal rink voted for a Nazi?
I knew this would be I didn't vote for a Nazi
I am not a Nazi sure whatever you say 10 oh one at five sixty
I guess I'm not supposed to sound too enthusiastic. I was supposed to be a little modeling today
a little bit
Do we have to be?
I mean, I'm not like jumping up and down with glee, but you know the guy was dying for 10 years
Why is it that we have to be in mourning? We are like Nancy said even Nancy Reagan said the it's a sense of relief
She's like holy crap, but you know enough is enough already isn't exactly what she said right now
They've got to be what she was feeling, huh if they just had those stem cells in time
Yeah, we did just had those stem cells president bush
Just a little bit of that stem cell research which he sure turned around on that instead of just saying
To stem cell research that was one thing she was starting to say weird a little bit too late like about many years
I mean, I just I don't know if I can stand much more this. It's all Ronnie Reagan all day
Well anyway first let's get to the bad news. Oh, here's the good news though first. Let's start out on the upbeat note
Okay, okay, you couldn't make people do anything if they're afraid
All commercial airline traffic was grounded, but we have some airplanes that authorize at the highest levels of our government to pick up
The sum of bin Laden's family members to transport the motor to the country
The middle of the world is corporation decided to hold a conference to figure out how much money to be made
One step oil starts flowing should I be lost on money whatever it costs the government would be it's gonna be a good for business bad for the people
Currently trying to get numbers of Congress there. I did the kids from lunch and the money and go over to arrest
The USA's hatred act allows researchers of medical and financial records
He gets law enforcement all of some of the money power they wait till the middle of the night
It's printed in the middle of the night how to Congress pass the hatred act that I'll be reading
We don't read most of the bills no one read
Oh
Some of our doors is power
Cargaphan to the streets of small town America
to the front lines
This is an interesting crowd to have
And to have more
Some people call you dearly I call you my base
Comes the true story that will make you understand the true life
I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorist killers
Thank you
From the trailer for tonight 9-11 Michael Moore's great movie that's gonna be in theaters June 25
Can't wait I got a feeling
That ate the most thickening part of the movie that I'm sure that but the man
I'm just talking about the very inclip there where he's so glib and he's talking about we're gonna get these terrible days
He's out there in shirtsleeve playing golf now watch this drive
Man oh man just drive off out of the sunset and get leave us alone already will you please hey? What's the least of saying?
She said
Yeah, that's enough
Anyway, she's talking about the g8 won't it be great in yarnia to get the rid of kandaliza
Anyway, that's June 25th. Would sounds like two weeks from Friday to me
Is that correct?
Yes, that is absolutely correct two weeks from this Friday fair high 9-11 will be in theaters near you drag everybody you know to go see it
Anyway, here's the bad news
A car bomb exploded yesterday near the gate to a us run based north of Baghdad killing six people and drink 20 others
Including two us soldiers the west military said also yesterday the west military freed more detainees from the notorious
Prison the center of the scandal involving abusive inmates by american soldiers the release was the fourth major one from the facility since the scandal broke in April
And I guess most of the detainees probably will be going to get their back down not to make sure they're okay
Wouldn't you think maybe their first stop?
I would think one would think so Ursula and rest in a state of undress on our behind-to-be
Now you might be saying to yourself good golly. She's an old bag. Well. She is now right
But she wasn't back in the day and that picture is from way back in the day
Ursula andress was born March 19
1936 in burn switzerland shvites
It even has her measurements here as a starlet in 1955 35 21 35 and on the set of dr
Something or other what is that dr. Strangelove? What was she in?
She was in 18 huh she was in everything
She was in dr.
Jervagro dr. Strangelove she was in the hello doctor. I don't know and anyway 37 and a half 22 35
As in it were just like
Popping up like crazy anyway. She was in 80 million movies the most recently cremast year five queen of chain thank your partner
cremast year
No, it's not the kind of movie you're thinking of okay
um
For for fissori oh man men against the mob
Class
What can say that falcon crash? She was in the tv series played madame malach Peter the great mini series manimal
Well, she's a little bag clansher the titans mebidl fifth musketeer dope o delito montaña del dio canabale
Uh infirmiera. I just like reading the italian ones safari expressed oh
Sporemochi coci sense pudor
Africa expressed
So at any rate. She was in 80 trillion movies how many trillion was she in?
I said I exaggerate 30 trillion movies. There she is behind the beard curtain
I love that part where John Ascroft is singing in the movie there. They had that clip. Oh brother really him
That's him did you watch it? I walked it like three times right?
No, it's like don't you remember that
That was just one of the things the one of the great tunes he was singing he's got a great singing voice
Ha ha ha I know we could do something right he missed his calling yeah well column
Way for supper. I mean, but anyway you're the go to Michaelmore.com if georgiale shut up
You can go to michaelmore.com right now and view the trailer now was on there last week
But it was almost impossible to get on there because in fact they had to take it down
For a while because they were getting so many hits that it was overloading the site and they were just going nuts
So it's on there this morning and we were both able to view it and I taped the
Audio part therefore to kind of like spice it up a little right as opposed to sitting here for the next several days
Morning about Ronnie Reagan Michaelmore.com
It reminds me like Jimmy Carter when he goes to that big peanut farm in the sky
I mean do we have to say oh he was such a wonderful man and look at all the great things
He did after he was the president and look at how he ran around the world sticking his now
Too many couldn't and great things while he was the president because we had that
Running across the country and we had those hostages in our ran that we didn't do all that well in capturing with those
Smash helicopters and dead people on the ground by the way sort of a problem with Jimmy Carter just awarding yes thundering
Hey, that listen, it's the sun is shining here man. It's gonna be about 80 today
And it's just beautiful, okay? So there anything again as usual any malfunction at the junction is gonna be on your
Back to end any minute now I expect a direct hit power outage all that
Which means we can go home right well I am home all right all right excellent really
Well, this is supposed to be hurricane season. It's supposed to be like the end of the world the building is shaking
Is it really well maybe fat boy just came in
I
Yeah, either we're gonna have a big storm or maybe
Fat boy just waddled in where was mock this morning didn't have our usual confabulation, huh
Maybe he's off to the a proctologist again. He seems to spend an awful lot of time over there hanging it out
All the way to get clearance into this morning clearance is running around like a busy beaver taking care of business
He's probably a little bit down because his friend the beast is
Little off his feet after that big baseball. What kind of crap was that?
I've never seen anybody as insignificant as the beast
Get more airtime and more uh get his finger in more different places clearance
And then of course we had the horse race on Saturday and everybody and I wonder everybody's done
I wasn't just Ronnie Reagan done over the weekend, but there was poor
Smarty Jones kind of dying in the stretch
I didn't like the whole concept of that race there were too many horses in there in the first place
Nine or should have been like five or six in a bell month which they're usually are by attrition and all these jackasses
Oh, well, I'm gonna put in master or whatever that one horse was and uh purge he's purge and all right as we speak
There were too many horses in here and then they were race running the race
It's a mile and a half like they were gonna press him all the way like if we can't beat him
We're gonna make sure somebody else does not that they should just seed him the triple crown
But what the hell were they doing up there early in a race you clowns you idiots Alex Solis and Jerry Bailey
Pox on you people
But Joe had to write it. I've never in my life
It would be like if the lightning wouldn't stand like up tonight
They said oh, we're so sorry that was really a gold the other day and you people in Calgary deserve it
And we want to apologize for winning well whoever heard us such a thing right
Right
Huh?
Right right now you watch the race don't give me that crap you didn't watch smarty Jones get beat by no
You kidding them between uh, you know Reagan dying and Jail getting married. Oh, this is before Reagan died, huh? Huh
This was before Reagan died. Oh, we have the Jailo marriage then. Oh, we got that coming
Anyway, here is it but I just didn't love but it's another it proves again the Thurber Racing is in big trouble
You know, we thought this was a super horse. He's a very good horse and we love smarty Jones and yada
But he's not a super horse
Because a super horse. I mean they weren't going like lightning fractions early
Uh, when you got that lead at the top of the stretch you would have drawn off in one in hand like secretary
Maybe not by 31 lives, but he's not a super horse
Thurber Racing's got real tourists, which is why we have an out of triple crown winner in 27 years and probably won for another 25 years
It's very sad, but at any rate, you don't care about that and it's sad too all those tears of oh
So sorry that we beat him in America loves party, but we'll take the money. Thank you
All those rich you know horse racing is very much like golf. It's for snobbs rich snobbs
Although anybody can go out and play golf even that'll president take like I said it's for rich snobbs
12 minutes after 10 we'll give it a result of the pull from the other day
We'll take that we got a couple of pulls today one now and one at noon same thing kind of like twisted ass backward
All the pulls all the time and then we'll let the people call in and uh
We can eulogize Ronnie Reagan for four hours. What do you say come on
Did the show I get the show rises here? Are you gonna start with at you polished crap again?
Shame on you. It was greasy kid stuff
Let me tell you right now about balance for life. All you fat people out there
We know a big issue for most of you is should you do the five-day plan or seven-day plan a lot of you have been arguing about that for weeks
Now the five-day plan does not include the weekends
But if you just want a few meals on Saturday and Sunday well, there's a problem there at Delima
The seven-day plans got all the meals, but what if you have dinner plans on a weekend
It's all or nothing but now balance for life for those of you who are confused has the six-day plan
As if you're not confused enough already on Friday night you'll get one sack to keep you going for the entire weekend
So you can pick out what meals you want to eat and when the best part of this plan is since balance for life is the only meal
The delivery service that all these you choices you can choose meals from either the Saturday or Sunday menu
And added this plan if you tell the wonderful people at balance for life
And they wrote this of course the wonderful folks at balance for life where you're gonna eat out
They'll tell you which items on the menu are balanced for life approved
What a complete service what's not to like and balance for life is working exclusively with a few local restaurants to label menu items
Balance for life approved so move over over atkins and watch your step. Please the zone is the way to go
And that's what the basis is of course for balance for life is dr. Barry Sears no relation to Brian Sears
That's the way to go by the way nice going Brian here at the Mohawk given night boys. He greater what Brian Sears
He's the man plus keep an eye on that website balance for life calm for new and exciting changes to log on now and register for that newsletter
It just keeps on getting better balance for life calm is that website or column tool free and start losing that poundage right away
Call one eight six six two two five forty five forty three
You know who bulked up like crazy in his pattern account who I'm dirkin though
Wow, wow, wow, I mean Tom was always a big man
But they had a segment on the bill month telecast
He is just enormous balance for life time one eight six six two two five forty five forty three
We're sports radio five six you a m
I'm dying on the wind
I'll move out
What she yelling for
Tauter it's all a part of war look part and you could finally see
Rhyrachis
Why do you think it's file that just need to be in a pile?
Okay, there was one with electrical on a janitor
We're not that cold deep. I was told I think you speak
The cameras to take some pictures to be cool could not shoot the roll for me
Tell me watch how it's going get pictures to the
But it's not big deal. Maybe it's on a rarky prison. It's humiliated
Now
I'll buy for rise we've enjoyed while we fit and have it going to you
Probably
I'll go right by the way all you kids listed out there good lesson in life just be a suck a lot
Okay, because gelledies are good examples speaking of him
We're that he kissed the Panther organizations collective ass for years there
And especially after this past disastrous season again. I'm making a playoffs
It's talking about what a successful season it was
So that he could get to play by play job
Just goes to show us sometimes it pays to suck and anyway
And speaking of this that this fax you just sent me a sucks
It says you had to hear the big on sunday first said he was a fan of all sports
Then he was disappointed that smarty Jones didn't win the Belmont because if he had he would have had the opportunity to come back next year
Is the reigning triple crown winner to defend his title it finally took a collar to explain to him that four year olds do not run a second year
Guess what mr. Smarty pants?
Not can my good friend the big oh see if you're gonna send a facts and start critiquing other people
You don't have some idea what you're talking about four year olds don't run a second year did
Secretary run as a four-year-old did Seattle slew run as a four-year-old did a firm run as a four-year-old
It's spectacular bid run as a four-year-old
Smarty Jones got a run as a four-year-old coin or what they say yeah, so what are you talking about?
Now this crap all these nitpickers there are people who listen to radio only in these shows talk shows
Only so no seriously you know i'm talking about
I only thought oh you made a mistake you know it's got like the mic rosenthal school of life you made a mistake
So we're doing them a favor by making mistakes because yeah really too
I make a mistake a lot of days and that is uh showing up but then again that paycheck shows up
I think well not the worst mistake
Stuttering Gill and homestead who's evidently got too much time on his hand I have no life former vice president
Al Gore has been quoted saying mayor of david counties the most treacherous person he had to deal with during his presidential election bid
What are your thoughts? I think Al Gore was the most treacherous person out to forget
The agreement okay. Don't leave them out. What the hell do we want to talk about mayor of penis pecania anyway
We don't want to talk about him. Do we know?
All right, see I like the fact that we can't say that anymore. Well, let's just learn it right out mayor penis pecania
Thel's wrong with that
We can say
Just don't do it all right
Don't do it that that that I'm still smelling that you know that one that you dropped in there last week
I could smell it
Was raspberry. Yeah, that had well. I was the most bizarre smell and raspberry. I've heard a sniffed
I'm not responsible for that. Here's a fact
It says saw your list of favorite fat celebrities which I'm going to get to that momentarily here the result of friday's pool
I just wanted to mention my favorite not on a list list victor bono a good choice
There's so many we couldn't put all the fat people on there wasn't room for them obviously
And I could best known as batman's king tutt and baby jane's piano instructor when he was alive
He appeared on the talk show circuit reciting his rye verse. He was great victor bono
And I can understand him numping on list but worse peter ustonov well. I'll tell you where peter ustonov is he's dead
He's in the ground
But there's another girl we love here, and I also left off one of my favorites William Conrad
So what can I tell you? Thanks for spicing up a dull day. I listen to whatever I'm on the road the richer jeans. Thanks for your
G
By the way nitpicking again. What the howie food just showed up and the guy and the food was soaking wet. It's a nightmare out there
Oh, no, don't tell me it's raining
Holy crap
It's sunny and beautiful where I am so too bad and you better get used to it because you know what's gonna happen now
I'll be there to you now through November. Oh, yeah
raining and hot and humid even my mother even my picky mother was always giving me a song of dance
Is telling me about it so humid there that you could just pass out
Who's always telling me oh it's so wonderful here. Why don't you like it now?
She's admitting that it's just like the end of the world. She's not exaggerating
What about the humidity yesterday by the way a 93 was old enough Ronnie. I'm sorry
Here's the poll result from Friday. Who is your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive?
And of course you look at these first few men not looking too promising as far as alive
John candy 422 nobody came close
The great John candy who was Canadian a
Do you know that yes? I did all of those SCTV guys were who's a Canadian production. So they're jacky gleece in 220
Chris Farley 210 the fat knee erudgers back in the day 191 John Baluchi 155 with a curry from the three sturgers not as sturgers
Michigan
Curly had 133 not to be confused with Larry or absolutely mo
Michael mo Michael more had 70
God how come he didn't get more than that
Yeah
Don't waste 58 Jerry Garcia 51 San kinesan 42 Kelly Craig we love you Kelly but
Wow 37 what we used to have one Kelly Craig and now we got two
Dusty Rhodes 34 Lukas Stella 33 John Goodman head
Hank Goldberg the Humber at 28
20 hack at 25
What
Marlon Brando 23 Alfred I never I never even knew you could do that before I just
All the years we've had this gizmo and did you know you could do that? Sure without pressing the original button again
Is pressing the play button? I didn't know that
Wow buddy hanky 25 what's that thunder
Wow Marlon Brando 23 Alfred Hitchcock 23 big Wilson hello big 19 as did the fat Anonacole Smith 19
She's still fat biggie small 16 Ron Jeremy 16 oh brother the fat Elvis 15 fat Rush Limbaugh
Top of couple for us rush 15 Dave Vickson 14 WC Fields and Orson Wells 13 apiece Sally Struathers 11
Abdul the butcher 11 Jean Hart spelled wrong 10 Teddy Roosevelt 8. He wasn't a runny Reagan
Oprah 7 he stack Hal Hoon had six they've game had five who still alive and he still
Doon the website for a channel. What is it for yes against Paul Sorvino 5 Sydney Green Street 5 Luciano Pavarote 5
Fattier Lewis 4 Elizabeth Taylor 3 chef Shaw Paul Prudon 3 which did you figure out who he is? No. Yeah, no
William Howard tap 3 and Louis B Anderson 3 Louis B Anderson and Louis B fat
Or here's another website somebody sent to us
Ashcroft sings you can return to a few additional choices an absolute riot pay attention to his facial expressions and his hands too
Funny to be true. It says and it's got a website here
Newmedia poets calm slash ashcroft the sings yadda great
I'll put that over there put it in my pile of things to maybe look at so that's the pull from Friday
We had a over 2000 votes
People are big into the fat people okay, let's do that again just to make sure we got it right
And the other fat people are big into it. I'm done or out of it or underground
Now that one guy that called in about the piano case
Funeral that was sad. Yeah
Been there
But that's where it's out of come up with a diet. Let's see he thought that smartly pan
In this guy's refaxing could run a Kentucky Derby preekness in dolma again next year defend his triple crown
Oh, I see well, yeah, I know horses run as four-year-olds it says what you better clarify next time sir
Because then articulate facts you like you who generally knows what you're talking about made yourself sound a little bit too stupid
You know, we can't afford to look stupid
You thought they could run the Derby the preekness in a bell mod again next year
Four-year-olds don't run in a Kentucky Derby the preekness in a bell mod just like the fact you said big
Idiot you know, oh god. How can we put him on here? Is he got naked pictures of parents in the beast?
That's all about
How can we put him on here? Has not got any idea what he's talking about
God I can't wait here as expertise on the his take on the a Stanley couple ever wins a game night
Which of course it'll be the lightning and Brad Richards man that kid is just a golden
And every definition of the term man Brad Richards is God make no mistake next to
He's right up there
Are you following this? A little bit too sports intensive. He released and thought about Ronnie Reagan
Anyway, you ought to be a thrilled to death. I can't wait to talk about Ronnie Ronnie Ray gun. Oh, I got a couple of three
I have three as a matter of fact skating articles you bastard. How could you do?
Well, you'll see where we go talk about his particle beam weapon
Yeah, okay, and his particle beam here do too. He had a better hairdo than some people we know
I did that stolen from deep up you can make your joke about that kiwi shoe polisher on you one
It was Paul made 27 pet. No, no, no
Oh, no, it was not they don't say aids either he got for endorse when you said that
That was another part of his great legacy. What what I just you know
He was the great communicator because guess what boys and girls he was a movie actor. Oh, no
Oh my god. Yeah, so he memorized the speech real well great
27 after 10 a.k.y.m
The emerald co-soft floor is very best Asian buffet is just unmatchable a lot of imitators out there
But the emerald coast is in a league of its own start out with any of their or all of their six different soups
They're all fantastic like they're a some young guy and they're uh, whatever they got
They're wanting and then sampled dozens of delicious on phrase including new york strip made ordered
They're sizzling Asian grill and that brand new Hunan fish into a main lobster thermidor style Jonah crab oysters on a half
Shell handcar prime rib. They're great new Thai specialties too
There are faith features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup
Their brand new sushi bar that even Greg might enjoy and of course fresh
Seam cocktail and don't forget no msg
No corn starts no crap they cook all other great stuff only with cluster offering oils and because it is served
They've got a full dessert station two featuring bells and waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
Even fresh root or root and fruit they even have a watermelon all the time too
Emerald co-stri locations for a pember pine sunny owls and sunrise and don't forget about emerald coast this father's day
It's come up soon June 20 sounds like the two weeks from yesterday
Is that right yes two weeks from it like I said
So let him do the cooking for dad and cook up a feast for you and a whole family take the family or book your next business lunch in the
Emerald coast right now take out and delivery always available voted number one buys a get rest from reviews and
By WSVN news has softwold his best Asian buffet you try once I guarantee you'll agree whether you're like a teeny little tiny
Persona one of those big fat sloths who loves the buffets call 9 5 4
5 7 2 3 8 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 you can't beat it the emerald coast Chinese buffet
Is a new fragrance that is the essence of Jennifer Lopez
The
The perfume with an aroma that smells like Jennifer Lopez's most notable acid
Mm-hmm you've talked about it you've looked at it now you can wear it on your face
Jellos
There yeah
Just one dab of a form that air on each cheek and you will experience their aroma of Jennifer Lopez
It's time to win passes
After all every man wants his woman to have
Jellos
Oh
Oh, Jennifer Lopez is very air and the confidence counter of a fine story area. We'll get through in a minute
Anyway, here's a this reminds me this uh fax you just sent me yeah, got a tombstone. It's his RIP
Supplied side trickle down food and economics reminds me that Frank X Locando song
I had back in the I&Z days. I think that was the name of it supply side trickle down
Where economics I wish you still had that but then again if I play that people be oh, that's important taste
Neal that's sacrilegious that's disrespectful. Yeah, too bad can't handle the truth
See this is another part of the crap that the media keeps appendling on the public and that is that every time somebody dies
We have to immediately like you will judge them with the greatest of reverence even if we didn't like him
Or if they were like media occur or hated them like poison all of quite frankly was a hell of a lot better than what we got now right top
Had Reagan look what we got
Anyway, the tombstone says supply side trickle down food oregonomics
Wasteful spending on a massive nuclear arsenal creation of the largest detonation in history declaration of ketchup as events
Well, that was a Nancy's idea by the way in fact every idea had was Nancy's idea come to find out Nancy probably got it from a recycling
An astrologer
Leaving us to legacy a bush one and two contributing to an unstable at least an increasing global terrorism and resting pieces
It's so on
I mean, it should be a blessed event when somebody has got all-time as especially who's been deteriorating the way he has and
Keeping her like on the pins and needles for 10 years when somebody like that finally let's go you should say a right
British in 93 how old is old enough 90
That was bad
What I don't know anybody man yet ahead you don't you're picking on my mother now
It's not that not not to pick on your mother now you're picking on my mom, but you have a good point
And is jaylo ever gonna marry a heterosexual?
Oh, let me come on. Yeah, huh?
What a dick who is she kidding and what did I always tell you about Mark Anthony? It takes one to know one man
He looks like a scrimmer to me, okay
Yeah, I always thought he looked like skeletor first. She had that dancer return that belly dancer who made Ron Reagan
Oh, do we need to see Ron Reagan Jr anymore? Oh god, honey. Just please go back in and shut the door behind you
There's one thing that's starting to really bug me. It's all these fake marriages and all the I can't stand it
If you want to stay in the closet, okay do whatever you want
But all these phony romances and phony I mean the rock Hudson thing was back in the air and
When I was like in the 70s maybe
60s or 70s when they had him hooked up and actually married him off there for a little while that poor girl
But why do we have to keep doing this? I mean especially in this gay and they in age
Jennifer Lopez reportedly married Mark Anthony
And a rather small ceremony at her home
And how come they didn't have to have a big timmis about this like with the Ben Affleck?
So I guess they didn't do publicity and of course he already did have a wife supposedly
Less than six months after she had her high profile engagement to Ben Affleck
So we had the ballet dancer we had P. Diddy who we know as a screamer
We had Ben Affleck who we know is doing math Damon and now we got Mark Anthony. I'm telling you right now. I'm out of Cone Grande
Well if you was weekly in people magazines reported Saturday's nuptials
Folks been Rob Shooter told the AP Sunday that he had no immediate comment
And neither magazine published comment for me their shooter or I represented it for Anthony
For Lopez 34 the marriage were marker third the first was to waiter O'Johnny Noah that we oh
I forgot about that when I was another body Cone O'Johnny
O'Johnny the second to dancer Chris Judd in 2001
Who actually now is out of the closet? I guess uh in Noah lasted a little more than a year Judd for nine months
Anthony the Latin singing sensation just divorced former Miss Universe
Diana Torre's last week in the La Te Pugica de Minicana
The pair went in 2000. They have two young sons. He has a daughter from a previous relationship. Right Madicone
Lopez the singer actress fashionista more famously known as JLo has kept her romance with Anthony 34
Decidely more low key than a engagement to Ben Affleck which was a magnet for a magnet for tabloid attention a faggot magnet
as
Junior Say I would say
The 18 month benefit romance featured near wedding but was scuttled at the last minute with a couple
Diving excessive media attention how many times did they scuttled it
Lopez also famously dated Sean p. Diddy Cone is back when he was still puffy for two years before the couple broke up in
February 2001 but since he was puffy he got the shot and he got that thing fixed it's gone back down the normal size
It was unclear when Anthony and Lopez were engaged the two first dated
1999 have been seated together since Lopez's split from Affleck
Lopez reportedly been wearing a dazzling new diamond engagement ring for several weeks. Well what did you do?
Okay, thank god we didn't have to have a big simmison song at an answer about that because quite frankly nobody cares JLo
Nobody cares. Okay. Here's the first pull better get to it because we got to today. Don't do it all
Huh? Don't do it all
Pull one since 1960 who do you think was our best president and of course it's up there already so we got some votes
Let's take a peek
Clinton 53
JFK 16 Reagan a dozen
Nixon five Carter five LBJ two Ford one
Bush two one and Bush one has got oh
You got two bushes on there between the two of them. They got one. That's like a half a vote of peace out of the first 95 votes
That's not too simple anything what I would say. That's pretty weak, huh? Well the creepers haven't gotten on there yet
They're just for the first creepers forget about the creepers. Okay. Don't be making excuses now
And you know as well as I do that Reagan's holding out a dozen for one reason. What is that? He's dead
He's dead. He's just quote and everywhere you look here
Here you go over time and this outpouring of support that you mentioned from Democrats with Democrats like Senator Edward Kennedy says that while they
Disagree with a lot of president Reagan's policy he never stole a freight train
That's what they said. He stole a couple of horses out there in Hollywood the great communicator
And while some of the other actors were busy like really in combat during WW2
He was busy acting to be in combat right? Well, that's almost like being in combat. Yeah, it's close enough
Well, we'll get to those skating stories and then you'll say oh you faster
How can you do that everybody else is paying their respects? Because I don't have any respect for him
None zero zippity do not in fact he was the one who planted the seeds the people behind him and him
They planted the seeds for this fascism that we have today. This was the beginning of the end
For what we used to know as America
This was the beginning of this grotesque experiment toward the far right which we thought at the moment was just an aberration but come to find out
When it couldn't hang on what you know last time around they just decided to steal it
Because there was too much your money up for grabs 20 before 11 at 560 wqm
We got Kim Bo camper from Adog at two. Well, I can't stand those people at home work every day, you know
Hank Goldberg the hopper will be a chula steak two and Miami Lakes
4 to 7. I'm sure I'll play to say about smarty Jones and then the big oh was waiting for next year's remax in the triple crown races or
Landu Al's a giri who knows nothing about any sport. He'll be on at 7 any K at 10 and ice clean the slate there as the marlins are going to be a move it on to Cleveland
To tackle those Indians and you know what the president said Abu Garret is nothing like tackling in does he learn that from Teddy Roosevelt
Some are time in South Florida guarantees three things he humidity and hurricanes
You can't control the weather like it is right now just like the end of the world is what the reports. I'm getting
It's science 75 right here
But you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season Florida new code hurricane shutters installed shutters
And over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade from panels accordion rule down or Bahamas shutters
Florida new code hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select the hurricane protection that your home needs
Called 954
868 4935 for your free home estimate if you own a two-story home
You know how much trouble it is it's a real pain in the ass when you have to put up a ladder to get those shutters up
But Florida new code now offers you a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside on your second floor windows
So forget about that ladder and break in your neck to leave and give you credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase to
Just look out the window when you'll understand hurricane season really is upon us. So call Florida new code hurricane shutters today
While you still have time call 954
868
4935 that's 954
868 4935
Florida new code hurricane shutters have been providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decade
My
I
And local
Here sports video 560
She wait
You
A
M
Oh, no way next tell
Introducing the camera phone for pictures. You don't want anyone to see
No tell wireless introduces the
USO B 69 camera phone take pictures of your dog your girlfriend your girlfriend and your dog
Yourself in a motel six covered with gasoline or a pyramid of naked prisoners
The USO B 69 features blocked caller ID
So deleting voicemail encrypted text message at a two-way button that lets you instantly connect with your mistress book your prostitute
Plus get 500 sex line minutes and unlimited night and weekend cheating
Sign up today and you can hook up tonight get the no tell us
69 your marriage done
$200 blackmail fee required or goes into photos to your wife roaming fee apply if you stray outside your marriage
Well, take coverage to that include your ass. Oh, I'm gonna hurry today. You know it. I'm a man on a mission
What I'm just stepping all over the ends of these things. I rarely do that. I like you generally kind of like
Sypactic a little cat nap
Here's a fact that says from one of our weekly chronic factors
I'm about a sympathetic to Reagan's passing as he was to the tens of thousands of sinners who died from AIDS during his term
They were just bags anyway
Of course not of the news models who've been masturbating furiously since Saturday will have nothing good to say about Bubba when his time comes
Letterman's been showing the clip of ascroft singing let the eagle sewer song written by the attorney general himself for the past three years
It takes nothing away from Michael Moore. I'm for anyone who sticks it to the right wing
But good. Well, actually I was wrong about the abelmont
Let's see Reagan died at 409 Saturday and the bell ma was at 645 there about
So I apologize. Let's get it right. Okay. Let's not be like the big oh, but I can't wait for smarty Jones to come back as an eight-year-old and run on the adurbi again
Man see if you don't know anything about hockey horse racing any of these other things if you just a typical football
And then just stick to what you know up a little bit about and I do mean a little bit. Oh, you know what I'm saying?
Speaking of ash crop. Yeah, and that facts you got it right
Where you can go and watch the whole thing right? I'm watching it during the break
Scariest thing I've ever seen in my life not even close really
Oh, yeah, even scarier than the a beheading video Nick Berg. Uh, yeah. Wow. Yeah
See we have a audio end video here at the site
Oh my god
Wow
Since 1960 who do you think was our best president? We'll turn it around and do the worst starting in noon our second pull
You know we were gonna do that didn't you? Sure. Oh, yeah
166 votes on us already Clinton 96. We love you. Bob. Come on back his book comes out June 22 by the way. I will read it
As a point I still got Hillary sitting here. Remember the pages are right on the ear a few. Yeah, that's all that's all I read. Oh, man
God
You don't have a fireplace do you? No Reagan 24 but I can throw off my balcony Reagan 24
Nixon 6 Carter 5 Bush 2 is got four now. All right. He's making a move
Like this drive
LBJ 2 4 1 and Bush 1 is got
Oh, almost 200 votes. Oh, that is scary
He was the first big. Oh, I do like that none
I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of calls you will judging president Reagan today because he was a great American a great communicator
A wonderful spokesman for general electric that was back in his liberal days when he was the president of the
American screen actors gildon was very pro union was involved with right up to his earlobes and then all of a sudden
He uh got into a cab one day and somebody said to him. Hey, how about being a Republican and becoming a right-wing fanatic?
He said sure no problem. He said you just write the script non-memorize it like he wouldn't believe to come out of my lips like butter
And sure enough it did and all of a sudden became virulently anti-labor. I wonder how the air traffic controllers are viewing his passing
In fact, I wonder how all of between him and Carter all that deregulation sure does a lot of good and oh yeah
Nothing like it. Uh-huh
I was he's your airline's doing by the way
Oh, they're up and flying just fine. Aren't they doing well? Oh, we're fine. Yeah
Somebody cue me him. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
You're so right about the get
Yeah, how many scummy things that this guy did even before he did the switch
He was actually during the McCarthy era
He was one of the actors that was actually snitching or or finger in
A lot of people are forgetting he was pointing the finger and a lot of the other actors
He was working for the man as far back as then right
And all these media that over the weekend in this entire week in this coverage
This is the same media that rolled over and played dead when they were bumping around the Reagan movie off the television
I'll see it is right and they had to firm it up to a
Combo whatever nobody watched right exactly public can't help the truth man
We don't want the truth getting out there and if anything is too close to the truth the right wingers get together
We're gonna boycott. We're gonna do you know and they make sure they don't put it on
They'll crush you. They'll crush you also the factors told some of my thunder this guy wouldn't even mention the word aid
Robert TV. Oh, yeah, you know when he finally broke down when his good friend rock Hudson died
Then all of a sudden he took a turn and he developed a different altitude even though of course he had this
Our closet queen son, right
I didn't feel how they actually had some bozos today saying that this guy was so charismatic
So attractive. He said the only person he thinks you might be able to hold a candle was JFK and I almost drove off the road
Good luck to Westpally give it up. Neal later. Have a great day
Here's Steve Gilear right. It's on our website today
The real legacy of Ronald Reagan. This is the first of three of these I have and if you think it's disrespectful
That's too a freaking bad, okay
It's about time that somebody as usual. We try to give you a little alternative viewpoint about the reality of life on his show
As opposed to just hopping on the bandwagon and jumping
Oh, yes, he was the greatest he was the great communicator and he was so wonderful and he had the star wars and all of a sudden crap right
That trickle down. Yeah, really trickle right down everybody's pants
Steve Gilear writes the Haggiatrophy started as soon as they announced Reagan's death
How he ended the Cold War how he was a decisive leader all this nonsense about Reagan, which is just ridiculous
The British have a tradition when someone dies their newspaper, but you already tells the truth
Americans like to say something kind about the dead no matter how scummy they were
Even Nixon got a halo in death were only 100 times and reminded people of exactly who he was
And how the honors given him were well wrong
This deification brigand began as soon as Clinton took office
There's been pressure to name everything but rest stop toilets after this man
Some right wing cranks wanted to add him to Mount Rushmore as if FDR didn't exist
They forced his name on an unhappy Washington DC by renaming the airports still called by many national
So let's get past all the Maulden Bolschmitt discuss what Reagan really did
And don't forget the attempt to put him on the dime and get FDR off of there
Even though the march of dimes was all about an FDR thing for polio
I mean at any rate goes on to say
Huh
Which you didn't even know about that because it was before your time the march of dimes
But nevertheless I heard about it
First Reagan rode to power in a wave of reaction to the civil rights struggle
California state with a deep well of racial resentment supported Reagan
Who would protect the establishment and call for students to be murdered on their campuses
Reagan was regarded as a crank by many on the left
But his appeal to middle America was strong
It wasn't that Reagan was erasist as far as his known
He wasn't but he sure could pander them as he did in 1984 Philadelphia, Mississippi
For those of you unaware that's the place three civil rights workers are murdered by the clan
It would be like a British prime ministerial candidate going to arm
Emmerstar to talk about the glory of the British army the set of a 1921 massacre of peaceful Indian protesters
Reagan panned into the racist right with ease even as very goldwater the man he's imported in 1964 with a convention speech
Slowly back the way from any of his reactionary views
Instead Reagan depicted blacks as welfare queens
Leaching off the society while in reality white women are the largest recipients of AFDC
Reagan used race like a club to hammer minorities and pander to the racist right
We need to ask what hath Reagan wrought his economic policies crippled this country
Preventingly kind of long-term structural changes which are still needed
How long will American business have to put the bill for health insurance?
How long will unequal funding for schools exist?
How long will the right of women to control their bodies be subject to restrictions?
This is the real domestic legacy of Ronald Reagan his breaking of the Patco strike began the road to anti-union policies across business
Once businesses wanted labor peace after Reagan strike making was permitted he encouraged
Reagan began the road of crippling America's ability to care for Americans now
We have this failed trickle-down economic policy pushed by yet another present one that leaves Americans in record debt and record bankruptcies instead of tax rates
Which fairly distribute the burden of American funding?
The rich have been encouraged to avoid their fair share Ronald Reagan began the bankrupting of America in the creation of a super wealthy CEO class
One where their great grandchildren will never have to work and a aristocracy of
first-eferians
Under Reagan hypocrisy and selfishness became the rule of the road not just in public life
Where his staff routinely lied eventually leading to a random contra
But if Reagan started to ruin America his foreign policy left the debt around like fallen leaves
His foreign policy was a disaster by any standard dead nuns and El Salvador murdered schoolteachers Nicaragua
The tortured in Argentina the seizure of Grenada
The failed invention in Lebanon the aerial assassination attempt on Kenopi which led to the bombing of Pan Am flight 103
Reagan's policies left the trial of failure and disaster at every turn
How to explain funding the deeply corrupt countries?
Former some of some of cease the generals who funded their way by the drug trade who murdered the innocent or the Warren Quattamal
On the genocide of the Indian population or the Warren El Salvador where American nuns among many others were raped and murdered a government
So callous that it murdered an archbishop in his church
Reagan's foreign policy left the trail of death and fear wherever it touched
But Iran's country was the defining moment
Despite a congressional prohibition on aid of the countries a group inside the White House decided to circumvent the law
So in Epley and so completely we wound up arming Iran and getting a few hostages held another unreleased
We also sold chemical and biological weapons to Iraq while
Sodom murdered thousands the US government was his ally even after 34 sailors were murdered by an Iraqi exosad missile
We still backed Sodom no governmental outrage no demands on Sodom like the liberty incident. We turned our backs and hope for the best
Reagan and his conservative hagiographers have wanted to claim his massive defense build up broke their Soviet
The broke the Soviets which ripped the braviant courage of the Czechs and East Germans who finally overthrew their dictatorial governments
Reagan also embraced Angolan you need the leader Jonas Savinby the puppet of the racist South African regime
He repeatedly refused to back away from despite South Africa's notorious and later turned out mad racial policies
Not until 1988 when the Cuban army decisively defeated the SADF at quitter kind of volume and golden to the war end
The US turned its back as the South African sponsored Ranamo massacre their way across Mozambique
No one knows how many Africans died in the wars of South Africa
But US complicity with the racist regime of South Africa helped extend their lifespan at no point in Reagan to do anything to stop this
Silent complicity with the hallmark of Reagan's policy toward dictatorships from Indonesia to El Salvador where the innocent died in the US said nothing
Did nothing except make their lives worse
We back the guerrilla groups in Afghanistan funding the most radical ones and then leaving the country in this array
Reagan's legacy is a dark one one of backing murderers and robbing Americans of a ferocious future
It wasn't that he was an evil man or a bad one
It's what he believed in what he supported caused so much pain in misery for so many people who had to live with the result of his policy
I think that says it pretty well
Didn't over got lost more hair
They didn't say nothing about his hairdo and about that great star wars program. We had gone
They just wouldn't have messed it all up
Particle beam weaponry and of course those uh psychics man if weren't for those psychics and psychics
1056 at five sixty wqa m with the heat of the summer here
That was a great time to get out of that car you've been driving and get yourself into a great new Toyota from
Armstrong Toyota of homesteader on us one just 20 minutes south of the eight thirty six well worth your driving
Or where you are because they're going to save you thousands and zillions on great new toyotas and with rising gas prices
Maybe you want to car with more fuel economy the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just the 11 9 90 or lease it for just
209 a month need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate
How about the Toyota echo these prices just
Need a truck to be six Toyota tundra regular cap can you be yours for just
239 a month looking for a hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XR
Rest in solar are convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
They're locally owned and operated they're committed to making you a happy camper and the service department is even open late to late weeknights
To make sure they get all your service work done for you keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first either
Drop you free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to walk you free replacement parts for life
You heard correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody know where does that
So forget about wasting time and slipping all over those big mega dealers with their screaming car spots
Who lie like crazy and then get you into the dealership under phony prong up pretense see our friend David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead
Today for an honest to goodness unbeatable deal drive a little save a lot of money and that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
It's day
You
Be
Show
I'm gonna change the face of sports radio
Because now I'm the voice of the
Pants and an elephant of moderate radio oh boy
Yeah
I get likes to do here like
Talked to the same three colors about sports and sports and
Sports I even got lots of hilarious comedy
Coach
I'm the culprit
I
Take that
I
I
Now
I was a spy
Now you're the bomb you can hit me no
You
Maybe I was a little
The things I said
And you
Like that
And I'm not
I know it in an all fairness that big fat old guy they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do
But he's not you
That's so sweet you make me almost want to come back with you
guilty
Yes, but they my life was filled with joy
You know
And now what's that when I go on a loving
Boy you're my best side pick and foil. I miss how you talk like the girl
L.D. Yes, for hold you. I miss you
Oh
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
I think the attributes are all hanger of these workforms.
I think it makes me sick, is that Peggy Noon.
And I guess she used to do each fighter or something.
Speechwriter right?
Oh God!
You know, sassy, talking.
He did.
He said, turn the channel.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah, it's really nauseating.
I haven't bring it back.
James Watt.
All of these all hangers on from those nasty right wing days.
In fact, that would be a great opportunity to bring back that picture from 83 again.
where Rumsfeld over there shinghannes with Sodom, the one that we had on our website,
which is probably still near any archives somewhere.
Right. Yeah.
While he was, you know, now we're lamenting, oh, and Sodom gasped the curds with chemicals,
of course, that we sold room.
And of course, we stood by and said nothing.
Zero zippity doodah while he was gasping his own people and gasping the Iranians,
which of course we were delighted because that's why we sold them the chemicals in the first place,
is to hello stink at Iranians.
Wasn't that like a 93 or something the curd day?
The curds?
The curds the word.
The 93, whatever it was.
Yeah, nobody said anything about it while it was happening.
Right.
Wouldn't care then.
Reagan was the original forest gump who struck lucky.
Right.
Trevor Royal in the Sunday herald in Scotland, even the Scottish, he got the kilts in an upper
about this sign.
Their knickers too.
And their panties that they're probably wearing under their kilts, but who the hell wants to find out?
Oh, man.
Trevor Royal writes it was fitting perhaps that Ronald Reagan died on the eve of the
D-Day celebrations, unlike other Hollywood actors such as Jimmy Stewart, who gave up
tinseltown to fly for the US Army Air Force.
Reagan remained an actor, not a doer.
Later in life before Alzheimer's disease cruelly fell to him, he called the
affliction writing into the sunset.
Another Hollywood cliche.
He would tell Israeli politicians that he remembered seeing the liberated
concentration camps at the end of the Second World War.
It sounded good, but too bad that he wasn't wearing uniform at the time, but was
working for a documentary unit.
He wasn't there.
In that sense, there was always more than a touch of vaudeville about Reagan.
He was a bad actor who knew his limitations, not for him, Gary Cooper's heroic
sheriff, Roland Haaynune, a White House favorite for successive presidents, and not for
him, the youthful John Wayne and John Ford stage coach, two movies which helped
to define 20th century America.
He was always on the outside looking in the minor bit player who was always small
town America.
Perhaps because he saw himself as a patriot, a fourth company for his time, he
allied himself with the McCarthy facts and enjoy those Hollywood bigots who
lined themselves up against anything that's back to communism and the
pearls of the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War in the early 50s.
It was unworthy of him and unworthy of the country at the time, but it marked
him and he had not entered politics.
He had not entered politics.
He could have ended up a bad actor who chose bad politics.
What propelled him into the arena was a mixture of hubris and necessity.
From the governorship of California, he found himself in a White House in 1981.
The Cold War was in full swing and for the Republicans, he was the man or
cipher to fight their last long battle against the forces of evil.
In Water Reagan's first public appearances, he forgot that the
microphone was live and announced to his astonished audience that the missiles
were about to be fired.
Yet out of that fellow-cocity, the lion learned to live with the lambs with
Macau Gorbachev, the president of the Soviet Union, who was committed to
Rara Poshmont, he forged an unlikely friendship.
Out of their discussions in Iceland in 1986, the Cold War gradually
thought and iced the ice turned to lukewarm water.
He was a man of contradictions who was easy to mock.
Famously, he addressed Prince's Diana as Prince David, and there were times
when he believed that the Middle East was close to Minnesota in the Midwest.
But this much-maligned president was not just the buffoon which his enemies
painted him, true he dirtyed himself with the Iran Compreh scandal in his foreign
policies, owed more to the nationations of the Pentagon than any person
law, but in that sense, he was probably no worse than the president incumbent.
That's a hell of a shot.
A shot.
I'd say it again, I like that.
Ronald Reagan knew how to keep a hands-off approach to the administration
for good and for ill, but whatever else his critics might say about him, he knew how to meet the moment.
When the space shuttle challenger crashed in 1986,
taking the lives of seven astronauts, he turned not the platitudes, but the poetry.
There's only one problem with the story.
If you forget when it happened, he turned to his press circuit, he said,
oh, is that the moment the school teacher ran it?
Not that he was out of touch, you understand.
Was that the one with the school teacher ran it?
Oh yeah, that's the one.
Wow.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
It's tribute Ronnie Reagan day here on the Nearajar Show.
Oh!
Since 1960, who do you think was our best president?
We've got two, three hundred and five votes, and Clinton's got a hundred ninety-one.
How do you like that?
Kamalista, Kamalista, Kamalista.
Clinton's got a hundred ninety-one.
JFK 44, Reagan 41, and the only reason Reagan's got 41 is well, he's dead.
I mean, they got Reagan coming out of every part of their body now,
after this weekend, man, you can't go anywhere.
Oh, they're talking about the G8 summit, Reagan won't be there.
There's something.
We get a momentary reprieve.
Reagan 41, Nixon 8, Bush 28, that's W, Carter 7.
LBJ has got a pair.
Bush 1 has got a pair in Gerald Ford 2, who's not right, just as we speak,
trying to chew gum and walk at the same time.
Oh, there's Lauren W.
You're with Arab leaders from Iraq.
Look at that at the G8 economic summit.
Isn't that something?
Just take a look at that.
Lost in the headlights to look at his push, huh?
You may not be good, but at least he's consistent, Mr. Rottel,
right now.
You heathen bastard.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Ronnie Reagan line.
WDQAM, hello.
You can't stop at this point.
Oh, I.
Yeah, you guys have to figure out how about that.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Back at you.
That was you.
Yeah, Jr.
Say, I'd recognize that voice anywhere.
5 6 7 0 5 6 E pound 5 6 D on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about Eisenhower?
He had one year in 1960.
And what we're talking about after the 60-year life, you know what we're talking about?
Get out of here.
Quit and quit nitpicking.
Okay.
How about Eisenhower?
We're talking about since 1960 election.
I mean, if we have to rephrase the poll,
which we won't, you know exactly what we're talking about.
Okay, we're talking about since after Eisenhower,
since after I like Kike and all of that crap, get with it.
There was another rocket scientist for you.
There Eisenhower, man.
Wow.
Couldn't even speak the language.
But then again,
when you're in South Florida, you have a lot of company
when you can't speak language.
You probably was very popular in South Florida.
General Eisenhower.
General Eisenhower.
Look what a great job he did there in, for example, in Korea, right?
I'm sorry.
And what about Douglas MacArthur?
There's another great general who shall not return, right?
Or will he return?
Or did he return?
Yeah, he returned.
No, he just got like what's his name on the MTA, poor Charlie on the MTA.
He never returned.
That's what the Kingston Trio said.
11 past 11 at 560, WQA was your company suffering from regulations
and increased labor costs.
We'll let Oasis outsourcing help you
when it comes to the people's idea of business.
Payroll administration, fortune 500 company employee benefits,
human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services.
Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide,
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful
management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational
details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a hell of a lot more profitable
if you'd like a free evaluation with no obligation, give them a call to a free at 1-866
at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I
I'm I'm there I'm I'm there I'm a reaching dumbass. I'm
Sort of like that I'm loван to out-breatured
Oh my god, I can't believe it!
There are even an fear of what come our show!
It started years ago with Ellen DeGeneres.
Now it's a homophobic event of global proportions.
It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay,
or tolerating anyone who is.
George W. Bush stars in the biggest blackbuster of the summer,
gay after tomorrow.
Be there when it comes out and theaters this summer.
You're gay!
11-16 at 5-60. You see that last call to the same thing?
Oh well, since 1960, you left an hour, you're off our eyes an hour.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
Knit pickers. You made a mistake!
No, we didn't.
Everybody knows exactly what we're talking about.
Since the end of 1960, since January 21st or whatever that date was,
1961 when Kennedy was inaugurated, okay?
Knit picker, nose picker.
Go pick this, all right?
Racko!
Get out of here!
Oh, and you know what I wanted to play again?
In fact, I think I'm going to play to VR, the trailer from Fahrenheit 9-11.
You couldn't make people do anything if they were afraid.
The day is taking actions close.
All of the airports in the United States.
All commercial airline traffic was around it.
But we had some airplanes that authorized at the highest levels of our government
to pick up the summer bin Laden's family members to transport the motor to the country.
Middle of the war, corporations decided to hold the time for us to figure out how much money to be made.
Once that oil start flowing, it's going to be lots of money.
Whatever it costs, the government would date.
It's going to be a good business, bad for the people.
Congressman, kind of getting members of Congress,
they're getting their kids to a Muslim party and go over to Iraq.
The USA Patriot Act allows researchers of medical and financial records.
It gives law enforcement almost unlimited power.
The way to the middle of the night is printed in the middle of the night
how the Congress passed this Patriot Act,
so that I'll even read it.
It's shook out myself.
We don't read most of the bills.
No one read.
Members of Congress, this is Michael Hor.
It likes to read, too, the USA Patriot Act.
The USA Patriot Act
From the poor to the poor,
Congressman, to the streets of small town America,
to the front lines.
It's an impressive crowd to have,
and to have more.
Some people call you Billy, I call you my base.
It comes the true story that will make you the temperature rise.
I call upon all nations to do everything they can
to stop these terrorists killers.
Thank you.
Now watch this drive.
Come on up!
Come on to a theater near you on Friday, June 25th.
Two weeks from this Friday, Fahrenheit 9-11.
Can't wait.
One of the saddest things that I've ever seen in my life was the way they booed him
when he accepted the Academy Award for Best Documentary for Boeing for Columbine.
Phranjik, there's one guy who had a ball that had a big pair.
Over the years, how many different people,
a zillion of them have gotten up and made some kind of a speech
that had nothing to do with Hollywood or the award, right?
All the time.
But it was about the Indians and little princes, summer, flower,
all the time it happens.
But here's a guy that gets up there for a crying out loud.
I mean, right in line with the documentary,
what was all about, what America's become.
And they're booing and they're like, yeah, I mean, there were some people cheering,
but there was this loud caverny of booing because here's a guy that got up
and said something that was pee-eye, politically incorrect.
Howard Kerch writes, 15 years later, I don't like Howard Kerch,
but nevertheless, it's a good column.
15 years later, they're making of a president.
He's got a stomach right on this one.
The uplifting tone with which journalists are utilizing Ronald Reagan
is obscuring a central fact at his presidency.
He had a very contentious relationship with the press.
Most reporters like to give her personally.
It was hard not to, but often depicted him as detached,
out of touch, a stubborn ideologue.
Sam Donaldson, Helen Thomasson Company,
would do battle in those prime time Eastern news conferences
that Reagan relished, and he would deflect their toughest questions
with an aw-shock's grin and a shake of the head.
Major newspapers would run stories on all the facts he had mangled,
a practice that faded as it became clear that most Americans were not terribly concerned.
The media dubbed him the Teflon president was not meant as a compliment either.
Reagan was quite simply a far more controversial figure in his time
than the largely gushing orbits on television would suggest.
He took a pounding in the press after his first task cut
when a deep recession pushed unemployment to 10 percent
and drowned the budget in red ink.
He was widely portrayed as uninformed and uninterested in details,
the man who said trees cause pollution
and once failed to recognize his own housing secretary.
He was often described as lazy, just an actor,
a man who'd rather be clearing brush at his California ranch
and love the good midday nap.
His 1983 invasion of Grenada was not universally applauded,
especially after his spokesman told the press today before that
that the idea was preposterous
and as withdrawal of the Marines from Lebanon after 241 were killed in a bombing
brought blistering editorials.
He was often depicted as a rich man's president
with a little feeling for the poor
as symbolized by the administration's ketchup
as a vegetable school lunch debacle.
The tractor said he was presiding over the greed decade.
During the 1984 campaign Reagan stood in front of a senior citizen's project
built under a program he tried to kill,
but his age didn't care,
concluding that the pictures were more important than the reporter's contrary words.
Journalists had a field day digging into administration corruption,
senior officials in the EPA and housing and urban development department
along with ex-white house eight Michael Dever
and national security adviser Robert McFarlane
were convicted various offenses,
defense secretary Casper Weinberger was indicted,
but later pardoned by the first president Bush.
Reagan's siding with the Nicaraguan rebels
was enormously divisive,
and negative coverage of the Rancunters scandal
devoured much of a second term.
Crisis plumishing president's hands-off style
said in 1986 Washington Post article by Luke Cannon,
Reagan's biographer.
His triumphs of course were extensively chronicled as well.
They left office at 877 on a renewed wave of popularity.
What the great communicator quickly figured out was that he could deliver his message
over the heads of the Washington Press Corps,
often decried at the time as medium manipulation,
but now an accepted staple of spin-laden politics.
Why was much of the coverage of Reagan so different
from the way he's being revered today?
Is it because many journalists were liberals appalled by his conservative philosophy
that may have been effective at something more fundamental as it worked,
something also on display in the days after Richard Nixon's death
when Watergate was relegated to sidebar status.
There's an actual tendency in the media to say nice things after someone's died,
but more important to president's legacy looks very different
15 years after he leaves the White House,
and following a long illness that took him out of the political wars.
No one knew when Reagan stepped down that his military build-up
would ultimately play a role in the demise of the evil empire he reeled against,
critics announced his legacy of record-shattering budget deficits,
but the resulting economic boom such shortfalls came to be viewed as less dramatic,
another sign of how Reagan redefined the political debate.
The press by its nature tends to get down in the weeds of day-to-day controversies
that involve any president, but when a protagonist is off the stage
and the camera pulls back, a brighter picture emerges in the setbacks
tend to fade from memory.
What is left are the big accomplishments and the inspirational qualities
that Reagan brought to office.
Bill Clinton is unlikely to benefit from such a cultural ceasefire
when his memoirs are published this month,
if only because not enough time his presence is turbulent presidency.
In his 1988 book, Unbended Knee,
author Mark Hurgestad complied that news accounts generally fail to make clear
the real world implications of Reagan's inability or unwillingness
to distinguish back from fiction.
That so many journalists seem to have changed their view in 2004
may represent Reagan's final triumph over the press.
Pretty good article for Howard Kurtz, who's generally kind of wishy-washing
Namby-Kamby, that sell all these things.
Well, you go, Howie.
You go, Howie.
You go till it hurts, Howie Kurtz.
Is what he blurtz.
Well, you know, you guys are all about your faggots anyway, so what do you know?
Since 1960, of course, that's on your sports station.
That's what Junior Seyau would tell you.
You're all about your faggots.
He's not, but you're all about your faggots.
He's screaming with God of the old kind and tealing with people of old times.
Yeah, he's got that belly dancer's son,
but he couldn't under the word AIDS because,
oh, that was a fagg thing.
Little of, you know.
I wonder what the hell he thought when Rock Hudson got AIDS.
What was going through his mind?
Probably not much.
Probably what, when, when's that time, Mommy?
What's that time?
I'm right out of my head, Kelly.
Yeah.
Oh, there's Mommy, but I read Dress.
Just say,
No.
Financy.
See, I guess Bush, W.Gudd, even with her when he said,
No.
To this stem cell research,
that'll teach you a thing or two, Nancy,
when you're just say no to drugs,
just say no to sex, just say no to anything.
And now they're making her like a big deal.
And I, you know, I have to feel for it
that she had to go through the 10 years of taking care
of this daughtering old dying guy with Alzheimer's.
That was tragic, but other than that, she was an idiot.
A bubble head.
A simple thing.
Pathetic.
Am I leaving anything out?
Bad person.
That's what her psychic told me.
She said she was pathetic.
How's that pull coming?
We'll change it at noon.
We'll change it to the worst.
Maybe we got a word of different just to make that one color happy.
What do you think?
No.
No, they know what we're talking about.
Oh, you looked out the last year of Ike.
You know, Ike had a good bubble.
I think that's a second heart attack.
Man, I mean, I don't want to go into it now.
I'm just thinking that people we select
as our leaders.
Well, inarticulate goofballs, people couldn't put
it together with good sentence.
That's why Kennedy and Reagan and Clinton
stand out above all of these others' heads and shoulders
because if nothing else, at least they could speak.
Yep.
They were articulate.
They could actually speak the language.
I mean, Nixon could speak too, but generally speaking,
you don't want to hear it.
Evil.
Yet evil like written all over the dark faces, you know,
the dark shadows.
Well, he's not a good one.
418 votes.
Since 1960, who do you think was our best president?
Clinton, 257.
Oh, Adam Boyd, Bubba.
Reagan, 66.
Oh, look at that.
He's moving to the second place now.
Just to get even with me.
JFK 57.
Bush, 2.
That's W.
He's got 11.
Nixon, 10.
Carter, 7.
LBJ 5.
Bush, 1, 3, and 4, 2.
Boy, Bush, 1, he didn't like that too much today.
Huh?
No.
No.
He'd my lips.
I'm a wimp.
Only the Democrats could have come up with Michael Dukakis, baby.
Only the Democrats could have outwimped in Wimped Bush 1.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 W.
If you're still a little bit nervous about a bed over the phone,
because it is a big investment.
For 25 years, millions of people have been doing like I always do
down 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for the best deal all the way around.
The lowest prices on the best brands in bedding, the easiest possible way to get a great night's sleep,
there's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every way,
just call them back for a full-covered exchange and it's completely free within 30 days.
Boss 30, man.
No extra fees, no strings attached.
Donald Mattress is ranked NUMO-O Uno in customer satisfaction
and they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torture Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you'll get the best prices going on the best brands
with delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business.
Why would you waste any of your time schlepping from showroom to showroom?
Donald Mattress has the complete line of all the top names in the business.
C. Lee, CERDA, King Coil, Simmons, tempera-peedic even,
Stearns and Foster, hewitt.
From Kennelist to Orpumbi, to Ford Myers, Donald Mattress will deliver for you the finest bedding going around.
But you need to do what I always do along with everybody else at QA and even the schleppers.
Make that one easy call. It's the smartest piece of shopping you could ever do.
Just pick up the instrument and call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
or logon to mattress.com right now.
Fibers, locals, this is five cities, the radio bill yours.
QA and...
Tonight, on Fox, it's the long-awaited conclusion of American Idol.
The vote's been tallied. America's spoken.
Yes, star. George Bush sings the hoon.
We will try to put us.
Talking about...
Right?
Yes.
Talking about...
Right?
Yes, yes, generation.
About...
Talking about...
My generation.
Before we grow old, talking about...
My generation.
About...
My generation.
What do you think of me?
It just was terrible, dude.
Terrible.
You are the worst singer in the world.
Nice voice.
Thanks.
Very nice.
A conclusion of American Idol.
Congratulations.
You're now as intelligence at the peak.
That's a fact.
Tonight, on Fox.
11-32-20-28 till now at 5-60 WDQM
Kimba Bull Camprofer at Man Dog at 2.
Now, there will be those who would say,
What you're ripping up Reagan because he was a Republican.
and you don't like any Republicans. Well, that's not true. I love Abe Lincoln.
Yeah. Teddy Roosevelt. Like him a lot. They were Republicans. Any other
Republicans we like? No. McCain ate so bad. I'm talking about presidents. Oh. He had
president. Yeah. Probably won't be especially with that thing on his face. But
at any rate, I mean, look at all the great Republican presidents. He had Warren G.
Harding, Calvin Coolidge, Herbert Hoover, Ike, Dick Nixon, right? Gerald Ford.
Right. George Bush the one. And of course, look what we got now. Popped
Reagan. We got look what we got. Vita, the hell in the hell with kind of a
cute factory says, dear Mr. Insensinute, it's just like you to mock America as we
mourn our loss. These sopranos is over. We may not see a new episode for a year.
So show some compassion for God's sake. I don't get how many take-off you need.
What grease ball? Goombas come out of the woodware. There you go. You tell them.
Damn it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah. I was talking
to start into that thing. There's no point going in. What about the kind of people that we...
Well, first of all, the choices are usually bad. But yet, Eisenhower was a war hero against
Adley Stevenson. He was just an egghead and he was a divorce and he was a bald, you know,
all of these things. He was an intellectual. The days of that, I think, are long since gone.
I mean, Woodrow Wilson, if he was running right now, he'd have two chances, none, and much less than
none. We like bozos now. We like dummies because most of us can relate to that. Speaking of dummies.
Everybody now understands. There's kind of Lisa. Oh, I got to play that. Kind of Lisa. Kind of
I remember the words we can karaoke it. Yeah. That old Chevron deal. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon. See, that was just the beginning. Little did we realize that was just the old cute
tip of the iceberg with that kind of Lisa crap and kiss a good morning, all that stuff.
Somebody QA him. Hello. Yes. Okay. What was that? That must have been her call waiting. Okay. Let's
be generous in the sum. What was her call waiting? Now, what did sound like to you? No. What did it sound like?
Hang up. Now, was not a hang up? You're wrong on that. Well, you are just a hard ass and wasn't
ever in Jones. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. It was a lady actually called back. Please,
we'd ask your phone to work in or maybe there was a big man with you $10 million, which if that's
the case, you won't call back. Damn it. WQ. Wham. Hello. Yeah. Talk to Neil speaking. Neil. What's up,
Ralph? How you doing, Pally? Good. Well, hey, you were talking about President Reagan and they all
said like John Kerry, they are like the challenger accident, whatever. He classed people to have that
shuttle go up with that school teacher. Right. Because he had a speech on education. The inaugural
address was coming right. Exactly. He had a speech on education to press that. Right. And when it
blew up, student and all of a sudden. No, not the one with school teacher. It's balls on my plans,
right? Exactly. And then the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, my brother and I was a marine in Lebanon.
In the early 80s. When they blew up those 200 and something, Marines, Ralph, he was, yeah, he was
there. He pulled them out. He pulled them out, which proved to me that he's a coward, which
proved to me that he pulled them out because, you know, we get blown up, you get pulled out. Now,
you see it in Iraq, you see, oh, we're going to blow up these people. Everyone in the United
States going to see their young sons and daughters getting murdered. They're going to pull them out.
So he ain't no hair on me, Ralph. Okay. All right. See you at the, okay, you two. See you at the
funeral, Pally. And what about Morgan, D. She'll be kind of like pulled out of there real quick,
too, then we. Yeah. Turned down right now. Huh? Shouldn't have been there in the first. Well,
that's, well, we should have been in Iraq in the first place either, but that's beside the point.
We should be a lot of places, but we tend to be in places that we don't belong all the time,
especially now lately. If there's like a lot of oil there and things like that, 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60, don't forget, mark it on your calendar or two weeks from Friday, June 25th,
Fahrenheit 9, 11. Go watch it 3, 4, and 5 times. Drag a whole bunch of people. Take some
born again, Christians with you. They'll be pissed off and fired up. Huh? I know right where to get
soon. Do you know how that you got a whole bunch done by you? Oh, look at this Ronald Reagan,
the body lying in repose today. President Ronald Reagan. Oh, my God. On and on and on. I mean,
he's been dying for 10 years already. You think that this was one of the great shocks in the
history. You think that like maybe all of a sudden Truman died, but that's right here where he did.
Now what's going to happen when Gerald Ford dies? Don't think that there'll be this kind of,
first of all, Gerald Ford never got elected president. He was in Congress for 25 years from Michigan,
never introduced one piece of meaningful legislation in 25 years. He was a moron. See,
this goes back to what I was starting to examine before, but I interrupted myself because what's
the use. I mean, you know, we had FDR. Kennedy was a great speaker. We even know he was a
we have. Seriously, Teddy Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, FDR. I mean, FDR was just dynamic those speeches.
I mean, just from a guy in a wheelchair, no less. Wasn't he the penguin? Yeah, he was the penguin
until he was just near the stole apart. And then we had, of course, Truman wasn't a good speaker
either. Now, I would say Truman was a ballsy president. He'd write. He showed them Japs the
finger to man. Yeah, he had some lines. Yeah, he had that one line. Do he beats Truman? He's
holding up the Chicago Tribune. Do he beats Truman? He liked that. Now, he gave him, how hairy?
He was he was okay in his own bizarre way. Doug McCartney didn't like him too much.
What's he doing? But he was huh? That's too bad on Dougie's part. Yeah, well, he should have
understood the chain of command. He's dead too now. McCartney, see, it goes to Sherry. What comes
around? Goes around. But we've had so many like bumbling, fumbling in our ticket. I mean,
we can do better than that. We're talking about the best and the brightest. This is the best we
got. What we got now. Al Gore against George W. Bush. John Kerry. My God. Herman,
mustard, junior. I say Clinton and, uh, and Howard Dean for vice president. Let's, let's,
tell him about a constitution. Okay. Yeah, Bush can keep disregarding law. But I don't
Judy has to stay home since 19 or at least keep her in the broom closet somewhere. Don't let
anybody see her. Although we have, like I said, had a string of very ugly first ladies. Man,
so many of them since Jackie Kennedy and she was ugly too come right down with. Yeah, she really was.
She had like a prune face. She would like, like, not highly overrated.
All over again, when you consider that she followed maybe Eisenhower and best Truman,
she had a lot of good will coming in. You know what I'm saying? Because best Truman, she looked like
she dressed in a butter outfit at goodwill. Since 1960, who do you think was our best president?
We're going to turn this baby around and do the worst with the same bunch of, uh, goyum.
Clinton 295. He wins 61% for a bubble. Oh, yeah. The election right now, bubble against George W. Bush,
if he could run again, he'd get 90% of all of that. I'll tell you right now. America is pining and
longing for the day. Even those people who's goody, two shoes, hypocrite screaming about that stain on
a blue dress. Yeah, they only wish to take a leave one. Clinton 295, although,
hopefully somebody looked better in her. Yeah, not a very. Reagan 82. Look at his Reagan pulling
away from JFK. All or JFK was only president for like less than three years. Reagan had two full
terms in there to forget everything he did. Reagan 84 JFK 67. And then it's a precipitous drop
way down. Nixon 11, George W. Bush 11. That's quite an accomplishment to be tied with Richard Nixon.
He's tied with Dick Carter 9, LVJ 6, Bush 1, W. George Herbert Walker 3. Don't forget Daddy was
a Nazi. And Gerald Ford has only got a small pair.
I'm going to be a little more. We're sports radio 5cc.
2AM.
Is the next inside the porn actor studio hosted by James Linton. Today, my guest is
Belinda Loon. Back in May of this year, you made a palpitatingly,
brilliant piece of straight to video cinema. The landmark to which I refer, of course, is
sorority, skankfest, volume, and everything. Watch pseudo-actresses discuss their crack on
inside the porn actor's studio. Based on your work in nothing nurses of NAMTucket,
you consider yourself a genuine thespian. Yeah, I guess I just have a girl on girl's feet in that.
Absolutely, and thrilling. Whether you're a aspiring triple-ex performer or just a fan of the art form,
you'll be self-gratified by watching inside the porn actor's studio. Hey, want to check out my new tattoo?
Absolutely magnificent. So good, you'll only see it on Bravo. All right. 14-till-noon at 560 WDQM. I've got
something long I'm going to read that's bad, isn't it? No. Too much reading today, man, but that's
okay, because I'm going on vacation pretty soon anyway, and then of course it'll be that summertime,
and then you'll be on it. You don't read articles on here because it's bad. Right. But reading's good
today because we're also bereaved. Oh, well, I mean, here's the best thing you can do if you want to
celebrate the memory of President Reagan, whether you like him a lot or maybe, you know, not all that much,
but go on and buy some jelly beans would be good. I got some here. Do you? Jelly belly jelly beans.
Now, just to go to show you what a bastard I am, what a heartless piece of crap I am,
I don't even like jelly beans. Being the old fat diabetic that I'm in, if I'm going to go out and
get some candy, jelly beans, that would be so far down on my list. If you had them, if I was sitting
right there across me, I wouldn't be the least bit interested in that crap because you have it
had jelly belly jelly beans. I don't care about it. I've had jelly belly all my life. Yeah, but
these come in spinach flavor. No dirt. Vomit. Yeah. Your wax. Oh, great. Booger. No. I'm going to try that.
All right. I'll save you. If you're my own. Anyway, the headline in this article, I don't know if
I'm going to finish the whole thing. It's long and I'm not going to apologize anyway. I like it.
Did Al Qaeda trainee warn FBI before 9-11? It's NBC News. Says he told agents of terrorist
plan to hijack passenger planes more than a year before 9-11. A Pakistani British man told the FBI
an incredible tale that he had been trained by been Laden's followers to hijack airplanes and he
was now in America to carry out an attack. The FBI questioned him for weeks, but then let him go
home and never followed up. Now the former Al Qaeda insider is talking. Let him go home and never
followed up. Just like all those guys that were taking the flying lessons to fly only just to fly
straight, not take off or land. Yeah. In March 2000, Niaz Khan said he was down and out waiting
tables in a curry house north of London, overwhelmed by gambling debts and increasingly drawn to the
message of radical local, a radical local Imam. The Imam extraught Osama bin Laden and the
rewards for dying for jihad. Then one night outside of Casino and Manchester, England,
Khan said to mysterious men approach them. First they say we can help you recalls Khan. I say how
can you help me? Say okay, come sit in the car. Said do you hear do you hear Osama's name?
Khan now the grammar is not the best, but then again he probably don't speak. And Khan now 30.
30 men said the men told them they were working on behalf of Osama bin Laden. New all about
his background and gambling debts, information presumably gleaned from his fellow mosque members
and offered to teach him the ways of jihad. They gave Khan several thousand dollars and flew him
to Lahore, Pakistan, where he waited for instructions at a local hotel. He says that bin Laden's
followers then drove him blindfolded to a nearby safe house. Khan told NBC News that for the next few
weeks he was trained by al-Qaeda, the hijack passenger planes, and then sent to the US.
But when he told the FBI headquarters was skeptical and after several weeks, senior FBI
officials ordered him released to the custody of British intelligence. Khan said I told them before
9.11 about more than a year before about hijacking an American on an American airline.
Khan said that at the Lahore training compound he and up to 30 other men.
We're taught hijacking basics including how to smuggle guns and other weapons through airport
security, techniques to overpower passengers and crew, and how to get into a cockpit.
Khan says he didn't think about all the other people he might have killed and at the time
didn't care. Not at that time he said if I die it doesn't matter because this life anyway,
it's no good. After about a week of training, Khan said he was given money to fly a circuit
cutest route from Pakistan to Doha cutter to London to Zurich, Switzerland, back to London,
and then off to New York. The purpose he said was to allow him to observe flight operations
and onboard security measures. Upon landing at JFK airport, Khan said he was supposed to go to
a taxi stand, find a man in a white prayer cap and use a code. He said you're named Babu Khan,
said Khan, and you'll be saying yes, my name Babu Khan or Babuwi. But Khan claims he got
cold feet. Instead of meeting his contract, he slipped away, retreated in New York,
and then took a bus to Atlantic City, and gambled away almost all his money.
Fearful that he had blown out his cash and read that his terrorist trainers had
copied his passport information and easily knew how to find him,
Khan turned himself in and confessed, I've been to Pakistan. He said I know about this hijacking,
something's going on. Khan said his trainers never told him exactly what his terrorist mission in
the US would be. He said he was told he would learn more details from a half-dozen other
trained terrorist who he was told already were in the US. For three weeks the FBI counter-terror
agents in Newark, New Jersey, interrogated Khan, created composite drawings of his terrorist
trainer and a fellow student and then wired Khan up and took him back to JFK airport, hoping to
smoke out other conspirators, but they had no luck. Congress's 9-11 report confirms that an
April of 2000, an unnamed walk-in told the FBI he was to meet five or six persons,
some of them pilots, who would take over a plane in flight to Afghanistan or blow the plane up.
The report adds that the walk-in passed the lie detector test. NBC News has learned that
Khan passed out one but two FBI polygraphs. A former FBI official says Newark agents believe
Khan and try to aggressively follow every lead in the case. The work came from headquarters saying
return him to London and forget about it, which critics say is exactly what the FBI did. How do
you like that? Return him to London and... Oh, God about it! Right. But the FBI insisted
investigated Khan's allegations thoroughly to not confirm them and had no legal grounds to hold
him. Federal prosecutors agreed. FBI officials say they did the right thing and turn
him kind over to British authorities and assumed they would carefully investigate. But NBC News has
learned that New Scotland yard only interviewed Khan for about two hours and then released him.
spokesman for Scotland yard in MI5, the British intelligence agency, would not comment their mom.
Khan said he watched the 9-11 attacks on television. It was horrified. He said he was
sad for the victims and relieved that he hadn't carried out any attacks of his own to him the 9-11
plot rang for mid-year. Maybe same plan, he said, maybe same training.
There was no evidence that Khan was part of the 9-11 plot, but lawyers for 9-11 families urged
him to tell his story, arguing it reveals a major, missed clue. Khan says the British tabloids offered
a payment to tell his story, but he declined. He wants it known that he's not accepted any money for
any interview. He is fearful for his life and at first was reluctant to talk to NBC. He changed
his mind after a British newspaper published his name and he says surreptitiously took his
photograph. Once it was published, he agreed to go on camera to talk about what he sees as a
missed opportunity. Khan remains surprised that to this day, the FBI, CIA and Scotland Yard have
never asked for his help and identifying the street address of the Lahore safe house where he
and dozens of other men were trained. He says he saw some identifying signs and might be able to
locate it today. I'm just surprised because they never came back to ask more things. He said the
FBI believed me, but maybe not didn't take it seriously enough. Now that he's told his story,
Khan plans to go back into the shadows branded by some a terrorist by there's a traitor to the
cause. He's going into hiding. He's going to big fat mustangs. We're one of them bookers and
whatever. Some of Rushdie has a few hiding places picked out. There you go. They have a club.
Here's our first poll of the day. Since night and we're going to turn it around and no,
we're going to turn it right around. You can stare at... Right. Well, speaking of staring, don't
forget Ursula and Russ in the state of undress behind the beaten curtain today. Since 1960, who do you
think was our best president? Of course, a lot of you don't care. We should put that under two, right?
Right. Well, we don't... You know what? If you don't care, we don't care either. I'm not putting
that on there. That's the easy way out for a lung heads, which we have so many about there.
Lung heads, idiots, morons. How's it that affect my life? I don't care. That's nothing to do with
where I'm going to be in late tonight or not. Oh, okay. And of course, in the case of most of those
people, they aren't. 570 votes. Not too shabby here. Start of this poll kind of late today because
I was a confedulating about poor President Ronnie Reagan and Nancy and her psychic and her astrologer.
He never did anything without consulting Nancy, mommy. They were popping jelly beans. He was taking
long naps. But now, of course, they got... You know, they got the whole deal all built up here. He was
the great communicator. He was a great leader. And like I said, everything is relative. So, you look
at what we got now and you look back at him and you say, hey, bring him back again, okay? Even in
the past. Clinton, look at this. 353 votes out of 570. 62% for Baja. Oh, yeah. They're long
for the day, man. And I think those right wing hypocritical slime holes man dragged us through two
years of penis gate and stain gate and Monica gate and you lied about it. Yeah. I wonder what
Miss Fudge is lying about these days, huh? You faggot. Clinton, 353. Reagan, 97. See, Reagan pulled
away the second place because it's all Reagan all the time now for day and Fridays and
National Day of Morning. Do you see that? Yeah. I'm taking off Friday because of that. I'm going to
go to the ceremony. You're bastard. No, I am. I'm taking off Friday because it's a National Day of
Morning for President Reagan. I don't want to be totally disrespectful. I'll put some bastard
like you on Friday to be disrespectful. How do you like? And you'll probably say bad things about
him yourself. I might. Bastard. Just about his hair, though. Clinton, 353. Reagan, 97. You worked
with me. You've been around people with worse hair than that. Absolutely. J. K. 73. By the way,
if Aaron Brown don't do something about that muskrat, people are going to start confusing him and
mo that red that thing like it looked like a like a mint coat on his head last night with the legs.
J. K. 73, then it's way down. Only those three get any positive Nixon 16. Bush two has got 11.
Look at Nixon 17. George W. Bush has got only 11. Even the Bush Apollo is out there. I don't think
he's all that great. Carter 9. Peanut man. LBJ 7 with that big ego and adjuvant.
A gigantic war. 58,000 kids came back in body bags. Mr. Great Society. You hard-ass crook.
Bush 1, 3 and Gerald Ford still stuck with two out of nearly 600 votes. Now, what we'll do at
noon when you're not even looking. We'll turn it around and we'll say since 1960, who do you think
was our worst president will have the same list? Won't that be fun? Okay. Huh? I know who way.
Now don't be prejudging. You always have this habit of prejudging. Okay. Don't pre-judge the pubic
out there. They might shock you, but I doubt it. Hey, I've talked about dry concepts for a long time.
You can pre-judge this because I guarantee I'll bet George's life on it. They'll do for you a job.
The likes of what you've seldom seen, which you couldn't even believe because they dry clean your
carpets. They're the only people in the world who do this. It's an exclusive patented method.
Sucks out the deep-down dirt way in there in a fiber'sier carpeting, which makes them look like brand
new smell. I'm a new fresher, dry in a couple of hours. They last longer. They stay cleaner longer.
What's not to like? I've been using it in my house for over 20 years and you want to start doing
the same. They've been around in town since 1979. So beware those 595 per-room scams and all those
other carpet cleaners who like to rip you off. No surprises at the end would dry concepts because
they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their spectacular job on
your carpeting, your drapery, or poultry, all of these things. And don't forget when you call
dry concepts, ask about being understand by list, which can save you another 15% off their
already unbeatable price. So call them today tool free. You'll never do business with anybody else
again. Call 1-800-248-5071. They're the best in the universe. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out
online at dryconcepts.com.
This is Jennifer Lopez. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back
around my nipples. And that's when I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Rock and Troll, do you job? By order of the president, no more troops in that town.
Get a ceasefire underway. Was something sense in the world?
So push, set enough of this. Boys I think were done. Let the FPA do the job of shooting off our guns.
This way it won't look like our job failed than my real actions now.
But we kind of like this. Rock and Troll, do you job? Rock and Troll, do you job?
But we kind of like this. Rock and Troll, do you job? Rock and Troll, do you job?
Probably at 5.60 WM we took that first pole between 10 and noon or 10.30 whenever we started.
Actually we only had to pull on there for an hour and a half. We had over 600 votes.
You see that? I saw it. Pretty impressive considering how many people are left in town this time
of the year. Right and once the kids are off the school, which will be completely I guess the end
of this week or the next week. Something like that this week. Pretty soon. There'll be about five.
Josh, George, Mo, absolutely. And that's about it. Your mama. Since then your mama. Since 1960,
who do you think was our best person? We can change that right now, Eric. Any second, any
moment when you're ready. Because I printed this out. Actually there were a bunch more, but they're all
piling on that Clinton thing. Let's not get too carried away. Okay as much as I like them. I certainly
voted for him. And I'm sure you did too. I voted for Jeff Kay.
Okay.
I know. I know. There was before you were born. Never the last. I read. I saw a documentary. That's
what I did. Oh, I'm not knocking JFK. He was a great inspirational leader. He was certainly a
better speaker than Bubba. And he was doing more than his share of screwing around. I had much
better taste than Bubba too as a matter of fact in that department. But back in the day,
maybe you just didn't talk about that kind of stuff. And anyway, well, it's not a bad choice.
I'm just kind of shocked and amazed while somebody had to. Since 1960, who do you think was our
best president? Clinton 375 over 62%. Ronnie Reagan 103 getting a heavy sympathy vote there today.
17% but then again, he had some pretty marginal competition. JFK 74. Then it's way on down, boy,
you got the six real losers in there. No wonder we're in the problems that we're in today, man.
I wonder the world is going to hell on a hand casket. Nix and 18 George W. Bush 12. That really
says it all right there. Don't it? It's a certain boy. Nix and 18 and Bush 212. Jimmy Carter 9 for
those people like guys that had a brother that used to pee in the street. LBJ 7. In fact, you know,
who would like Jimmy Carter? Josh Beckett. Hey, Billy, can I give you a hand? I'll give you two hands.
That's that's sure. Well, I think Josh made that up. That whole thing about Josh Beckett. He must have. Yeah.
Carter 9. LBJ 7. Bush 1. 3 for George Herbert Walker Bush, former director of the CIA. And
certainly a big businessman with all of his Saudi friends. Carlau Group, all of these things.
Carlau lateral commission. The builder burgers. And Gerald Ford has only got two. Well, he didn't
get elected anyway. He just kind of liked, okay. After this and said bye bye. And then he made
that kind of little deal. I beg your pardon. He said, okay. What did you say? Pardon Nixon. I
would Nixon should have died in jail. You know what? Like Al Capold. Right. Like Louis Lepke in the
lecture chair. Actually, by the way, Chandler with the weekend, they had another one of those
every now and then they get carried away with the mob stories. So we had Louis Lepke and John
Gotti and all a whole bunch of these, all these people. Thomas Luccazi. Because another thing Reagan's
legacy that the idea I did here mentioned briefly over the weekend is he would, he and his right wing
fanatics. They succeeded in something that even Jimmy Carter couldn't do. And as they made the word
liberal, a dirty word. Right. I mean, liberal used to be fine. Liberals were, oh, everybody thought
liberal was great. That means progressive. That means you're for social change for the better,
for equality, for all these good things. And then the Reagan people, that crowd made liberal
a dirty word, they're unclean, you know. But Katrina Vanden who will write in the
United Nation today, it's on our website. Love the stuff's on our website. But most of you people
are too busy getting fried. Is it still raining? Haven't checked lately. Well, have somebody do a
little, have somebody stick their neck out the window. In fact, maybe the beast could do it if
you could find his neck. Thursday's Wall Street Journal reports as Katrina that the American left
is seeing signs of political revival as Bush's economic and foreign policies alienate growing
numbers of Americans. More people are identifying themselves as liberals. While fewer are willing to
call themselves conservatives, the term many believe is lost meaning since the fiscal excesses
and extremist policies of the Bush administration have replaced traditional conservatism.
As the anxious Papu candidate would probably be happy to tell you, although he makes me sick too.
The journal Sird reports that the shift in America's political identity is also reflected in
the country's reading habits. As John Howard writes, the flag, the flag of flagship publication
of Love the Nation claims to have captured the highest circulation of any weekly political magazine.
The article continues, the nation has seen its circulation grow to 160,000 from nearly 140,000
amid 2003 and just over 102,000 in June 2001. The latest figure exceeds the circulation of
longstanding conservatist stalwart National Review, which is down to roughly 155,500 down for 159,000
amid 2001. How do you like that? The word liberals making a comeback. So maybe George W. Bush,
that's what he's going to do for us. Just like Reagan started a deal here, making the word
little dirty word. Maybe George W. Bush is going to make it like a breath of fresh air again.
Now let's see, it's my turn to vote over here on my thing. Let me think about this one real hard,
okay? Oh, I just voted. I just voted there. Just, I don't know, it was tough.
You're right, he's off to the start. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, you come on. Let's hear about, let's see if
smarty Jones can come back and defend his crown. The big, oh, I can't believe he's really that stupid.
Anybody really thinks that as a four-year-old, he's going to run in a triple crown, which is again
that are for three-year-olds. What's wrong with you, Orlando? Are you some kind of a goofball,
some kind of an idiot that you get it? Some kind of a banana boat found? Yeah. Man, he's weak.
And one of the Humper hates him like poison. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and an unpersonal. It's not personal. He's
a good guy. Just business. You know, it's like Tom Jicke. I don't have anything personal against
little Tom. He's a good guy. He's, you know, fun at the track. The business, oh my god, what a disaster.
Master a disaster, buddy Gilmore in the third race at Yonkers is Bob Meyer has to call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. I mentioned what a great job
Brian Sears did here at Mohawk Saturday. Yes. Nice going, Brian. WQA, hello. Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir. I just want to say this weekend was a bunch of crap with all that Reagan stuff. I mean,
I mean, I mean, it's still going on, man. But you know, I don't remember him that way. I remember
high unemployment. He didn't care about no poor people. He didn't, he wasn't for age research.
Right. The rich got richer. The poor middle class got poor. Right. Right. All of those things.
High deficits. Unconnected upstairs. He was a mental midget. I don't remember him being this
great leader that they're making him out. He took a lot of good naps though. Well, I mean, they're
trying to rewrite history. He's not that close. That's right there. And you're absolutely right.
They're trying to make him into the the only thing we keep here is the great communicator. He was
the Teflon president. He could do no wrong. And of course, because of the fact that he was a movie
actor, we had to glib, you know, that style. And he just talked above all of this crap. You know,
Rush Limbaugh's there, but they were talking about how he's the greatest president of the 20th century.
Oh my god. Well, let me expect from a drug induced pill.
Give up. I mean, expect. Neil, any clothes and what are we going to do without the Gipper?
Neil, the Gipper God. Oh, get a grip around yourself, pal.
Or not. Better not. They might be watching. Here's the fact that says I know you've seen the
Michael Moore trailer for the great. Yeah, I've seen it. That's why we keep playing the audio
on here, pal. For the great movie, Fair night 9 11, I keep watching it. It's just great.
Can't wait for it to come out with that now. Watch this drive and let the Eagles or
see what the border it says. We'll be waiting for you. We'll wait in the casino Niagara.
Oh, that's another thing. We got all kinds of casinos here in Ontario.
Do you know, even the racetracks have casinos here. What a concept with slots. Yeah,
we're talking real casinos. I may believe the show here. Here's I don't want to get diverted on
this, but I will anyway. Everybody I talked to tells me the same thing. The hard rock casino in
what is that? Hellen, that's Hollywood. Hollywood. Hollywood. Hollywood. Hollywood.
On the red. That place is packed. They're doing a business man. The likes of which you can't believe.
Why are they doing a business is a great casino? No, no, I mean, I haven't been inside.
I'm talking about the reports I get. They're not even like real regular slot machines,
but they're doing a laid off as business because the public is desperate for some action for
some fun. People want to go someplace where they have a good time. Governor Bush.
Reverend Bush. Are Reverend and thief? Here's the guy that's so pious. He's worried about the
Terry Shivoh's keeping that bitch alive. And the main time he off this brother steel election.
Him and his girlfriend Catherine Harris. How do you like that? Talk about a bunch of
hypocrites. Talk about how much they're freaking liars. Here's another one of those people.
Very quietly sitting back there with his P-neck buddies. Here's another one of the most
dangerous people out of globe today is your governor, Jeb Bush. And let me say it again,
how the people of Florida elected him again. Somebody ought to look in a bad election.
We keep having all these stories about rig voting machines and so on. I think it was kind of like
three for me and one for you. One of those deals, you know what I mean? How could anybody be that stupid
about for this sucker again, huh? From it's past. See, this is good because I can use that for
anything now. It's fantastic. Even like bag. Yeah. Being idiot. Things like that.
How's Muff doing? Seeing her at all today or maybe she's her. Maybe she's on vacation, but of
course he always comes in and gives us a breathless announcement when he's been on vacation.
What's the deal there? Maybe one fact that is. Back home. Recheck that for a rough weekend.
From it, it's past noon at five, 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and
increased labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your
business payroll administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services
and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your
choice, which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to
the folks that Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable
if you'd like a free evaluation with absolutely no obligation. Call them tool free. One, 866
and Oasis. That's one 866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
I'm Alphore. Another game must have chosen sweating.
We'd like to see. Do you John Kerry take Ted Kennedy to be your lawfully-witted husband?
Well he's filthy rich. That meets my criteria. I do. Do you Ted Kennedy take John Kerry to be your
lawfully-witted husband? You may now kiss the rich white liberal.
Hey back, come here, Joe. Bring it on.
1217-560-2M. Here's some good news for Martha Sensing delayed.
Okay. The federal judge overseeing Martha Stewart's legal cases later since
in hearing till July the 8th, your lawyer said, well it's good to do this for you because
it'll give you something to talk about in July. Okay. Well that's right.
She wasn't going to be sent in Stainville in June 17. Well like I said, Stewart has convicted
March 5 of obstructing justice during a government probe into some of her personal stock sales
was due to be sent in June 17. Legal experts have said she faces a year in prison or Moe.
The delayed hearing comes more than two weeks after government prosecutors charge a key witness
with lying while testifying her to trial. And like the inquire nurses, they were out to get her
and make an example of that bitch. How do you like that? Yeah. Now Dave the cop who I told you
don't send any more of faxes but this is a good fax so I got to read it because he signs a
Dave the liberal. We know it's you Dave the cop you're not fooling anybody. Go out and make some
coffee and get some donuts. Hopefully not Dunkin' Donuts. God they suck.
I mean I hate to keep saying that but it's just my opinion. I just don't like Dunkin' Donuts.
I can't eat donuts anyway but the idea that if there was a choice in other words if there
like a dozen crispy cream and doesn't Dunkin' Donuts sitting on that counter out there by a
clearance his desk. I mean is there any choice? Well wait first of all you can leave all the
Dunkin' Donuts for Josh. I'll take them. No but you will and I'll tell you a little later what
you can do with them. But I mean Dunkin' Donuts is just so dry and tasty yeah?
Kind of like Dave Ann boring's hair piece. Anyway I don't want to get you into trouble.
Right winged Tovcho yeah I do. Right winged Tovcho hosts such as Schnitt and Glenn Bex's
that Dave the liberal are already warning and preparing their audience for the release
of Michael Morris movie which I'm glad the next good reason that he sent me this
fax because it reminded me to play that trailer one more time. You can make people do anything
if they're afraid. If they have picked the action clothes all of the airports in the United States.
All commercial airline traffic was grounded. But we have some airplanes that authorize
the highest levels of our government to pick up the sun. We've been live in Spanley
members to transport the motor to Spanley. In the middle of the war corporations
decided to hold the crown to figure out how much money could be made.
One step the oil starts flowing. It's got to be lots of money. Whatever it calls the government would be.
It's going to be good for business, bad for the people.
Charmander's going to get members of the crown. We're going to get the ships from the
Army and go over to Iraq. The USA Patriot Act allows researchers of medical and financial
research. It gets law enforcement almost unlimited power. It went till the middle of the night.
It's printed in the middle of the night how the Congress asked the Patriot Act to
without even reading it. It's a bad night. We don't read most of the bills. No one read it.
Remember the Congress? This is my new war. It was re-tuned to USA Patriot Act.
Some of the co-agorances call it. Madison.
Carrenham.
Tudor Streets of small town America.
Tudor St.
Lions.
It's an impressive crowd to have and to have more of some people call you dearly.
I call you my base.
It comes the true story that will make you a temperature rise.
I call for all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorists' killers.
Thank you. Now watch this drive.
All my guys coming to a theater near you Friday June 25th to weeks from this Friday
Fahrenheit 9.
I'll get back to a day of the cops. I mean, did the Liberals facts?
The right-wingers already are warning and preparing the audience for the release of the movie.
They tell them not. Don't see the movie. But if they do, keep in mind that it's all fake.
Right. It's so pathetic that right-wingers must always be told what to think and what to do
by those they hold in the high regard. That's one of the reasons why I know that liberal talk
radio won't succeed because liberals usually are better informed and better critical thinkers
and don't need to listen to the radio to be told what to think. I try listening to
Merkham at the constantly talk about stuff I already know. So what's the point?
PS tomatoes are not vegetables but the gipper was for the last 12 years. That's bad,
David. That is so insensitive and cruel that I probably shouldn't be that on the air.
What is that? Again, tomatoes are not vegetables but the gipper was for the last 12 years.
No, it wasn't tomatoes. It was ketchup was a vegetable. When I were arguing about the,
you know, school budgets and school lunches and oh well ketchup satisfies the need for a vegetable.
That was Nancy's idea by the way. I'm sure he's cycling toward that.
Kind of like Marie Antoinette and reverse let them eat ketchup.
Only John Provolta said let them eat mayo on their fries like an Amsterdam and let them
smoke a big fat one too. 5670560. Count 560 on the AT&T of the rise of wireless land. We have
a troubling number on this second pool here so far. Out of the first 121 votes it's not looking
too good for W in this crowd. Since 1960s since after the Eisenhower era,
who do you think was our worst president? Bush the tooth George W's got 78 64.4%.
Oh my god. Jimmy Carter 14. Jimmy Carter was a disaster. An absolute disaster. He kind of left
me with a feeling of malaise, you know. In fact, I think they should have sent his ass to a
Malaysia would have been good. Carter 14. Clinton 10. That of course is the staying on a
way on the blue dress crowd. Nixon 6. Reagan 5. JFK 4. We know who those people are. You know what I mean?
Thank you. Yeah, that your people. Ford 2. Bush 1.1. And LBJ 1. See, Bush 1 didn't elicit much
sentiment. Good bad. Just a nothing. You know, and I would agree with that. He was pretty weak.
Pretty lame. A whim. What's being new going in? He'd lie lips. But dangerous. And quite frankly,
I didn't think that this one would be as dangerous as he was, but this one's 10 times more dangerous
because this one's stupid. She at least Bush 1 had an intellect. He had IQ larger than his thumbnail.
He always had Martha Washington, you know, keeping calm when things got really tense.
Anybody with hair like that? In fact, I when she when they used to be together, I used to think
to myself, are you sure that's not his mother? I mean, that's his wife. Yeah, that's disrespect
for me. Oh, no, it's just honest. She's an old bag. She was, I think she was an old bag when she
was a child. Old Barbara Bush. I keep thinking about that quote. Oh, she doesn't want to have to see
all those pictures, all those terrible things of these soldiers and the, yeah, right. Right. Let's
protect us from all the unpleasant things of all the carnage and destruction and devastation that
your son is causing. Oh, it wasn't Dave the cop. Oh, look at that. Oh, thank goodness.
It's somebody else's Dave the liberal because he just factually said it wasn't him. Well, that's
even better and they don't fact as anymore, Dave the cop for a while. Think a couple weeks off.
Fact your adults. Some are long keeping busy. Robin E. Blumner writes, these are on our website.
I think some of these and if not, the most of you aren't going to read them anyways. So I'll read
them anyhow, right? Because what kind of cause are we going to get today? WQAM. Hello? QAM? Yes, sir.
That was a great fit you played there. Was that Calvin, you see, and 10 years after? Yeah.
Like I told you, WQAM. Hello? Not there, see? Now that line, something's going on with that,
isn't there? It might be. That's a weird sound. Yeah, it's a very weird sound. It sounds like Bell
Southigan is poaching around with our phone. WQAM. Hello? Hello, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir.
I'm curious when Nixen was going. Did we have? Spiro didn't screw P Agna.
Then what I said was what I'm told. Wasn't there a good key?
That was outstanding. Like I said, let's take a lot of calls. Oh, man. I was hoping you'd let
that play out. Oh, yeah. I could smell that one, man. I wanted to see where it was going.
I think somebody spiked his Spiro T if he asked me. That was beautiful. See what I mean?
Nothing like these phone calls, man. To make my day every day. You guys are about your faggot.
Okay, Junior. Thanks a lot. Okay. Now go back and put on your jockstrap or just take a
shower with us and make it guys again. Okay. Junior. Get the honey, Junior. Say,
26 past noon, speaking of honey, speaking of fat people. Well, Junior, say, I was, he could
lose an answer to, and he's got a fat ass. That's what Josh told me.
He said he puts pudger on burgers to shame. He's got a big ass doing your sale. Now what you said?
That's what you said. No, what? I never, I haven't seen Junior, say, I've since he played for the
chargers. That's a long time ago, man. I haven't been around, you know. I'm watching the
Patriots. I'm watching Tom Brady. I'm watching the Tampa Bay Lightning. When the Stanley Cup tonight,
Brad Richards with a hat rig. Nice going Brad. Stick it in there, baby in the puck too.
Hey, speaking of like I was starting to say before the honey and be fat, everybody's fat. If
even watching Tom Durkin the other day on a Delmont telecast, I wanted to cry. Tom Durkin's a great guy.
He's a great race caller. Him and along with our buddy Dave Johnson and two best in history.
And he's just huge. He's just enormous. Well, if you're one of those people whose fat is a cow and
don't want to die from it, maybe you're doing balance for life. And of course, the big issue for a
lot of the balance for life is, should you do the five day or seven day plan? People have fist
fights about that. Well, the five day plan does not include the weekends, but what if you just want
a few meals on Saturday and Sunday? The seven day plan has got all the meals, but what if you have
dinner plans for the weekend? It's all or nothing. Well, now balance for life to solve your
day Lima has created a six day plan. On Friday night, you'll get one bag for the entire weekend.
So you can choose which meals you want to eat and when. The best part about this plan is since
balance for life is the only meal delivery service that offers you choices. You can choose meals from
either the Saturday or Sunday menu. What's not to like? And to add to this plan, if you tell the
wonderful people that balance for life where you're going to eat out, they'll tell you which items
on the menu are balance for life approved. They might even stalk you at the restaurant. What a
complete service and balance for life is working exclusively with a few local restaurants,
label menu items, balance for life approved. And when they find out, well, maybe they'll tell us
about which restaurants they are to. Would that be great? Maybe. Be a nice doctor. You're right.
Move over atkins because the zone is the way to go. And by the way, price-trade for you really
screwed up, Pompato. It's a good thing that I got a good memory on Friday. You idiot. Plus, keep an
eye on that website balanceforlife.com for new and exciting changes. Log on down register for
their newsletter. So if you're one of those people tried desperately to get off that extra
poundage with balance for life, here's some new and exciting things for you. Check it on the web at
balanceforlife.com or make that call 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543.
You know when P-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S-O!
Newt Gengrich does the hanky-panky. Newt Gengrich has a stanky-wanky.
Newt Gengrich does the hanky-panky. Newt Gengrich does the hanky-panky.
We thought he always thought his money.
They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time. They call me womanizing low-life slime.
But newt Gengrich is on a round with his shirt. That's why his shirt turns out he's
on a round with his shirt.
All right, here we go on to deck. Let's go.
Oh, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know
how those hanky-wankies sticking out from money to deck.
I see. Okay, they're not...
All the committee sees no improv. They'll be no further destiny.
I saw him working on his pick-up lines.
You come here often, baby. Watch your side.
I'm pretty and Republican and all alone.
Hey, buddy, baby. Can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought I'd ever would have thought that?
Come here, baby. You mean that you should be forever.
Newt Gengrich does the hanky-panky.
No!
Gengrich does the hanky-panky.
Gengrich has his makey-wanky.
That's a looping.
Gengrich does the hanky-panky.
We thought he always thought his money.
Oh, this does Dan Nancy Wring arrives at funeral hall of Santa Monica.
She'll look at the day of the day to 100 and talk.
I actually feel relief for her even though I can't stand it.
Look at her. Are you looking at that on CNN?
No, I'm looking at this.
What? Oh, okay, now I am.
Look at that. She looks like the mascot death is on her face, don't she?
I mean, look at it. I mean, is there with her daughter?
They're all reconciled now.
You mean Maureen? Oh, that's right. She's the dead one.
Yeah. Now, let me figure this out because there's Ron Jr.
The ballet dancer.
What's the deal now?
Who's Jane Wyman was his first wife, Reagan, right?
Okay. Now, who's by whom?
I don't know.
You don't know?
There was Patty Reagan and Maureen Reagan who died of cancer.
And you got Ronnie Jr. that the ballet dancing twit.
And who else?
Is that Patty there?
Patty Davis.
Patty Davis with the Nancy Davis, Reagan.
Well, that's right. So she's an aunt's, he's daughter by another marriage, right?
Okay. And he's somebody's daughter by, I don't know, I don't know,
by hooker by crook, I guess, Ronnie Jr.
I don't follow the American royalty scene.
But you better get with it.
Well, what do you mean the American royalty scene?
It was only one Reagan president until Ron Reagan gets in there.
I don't care about his family.
Although I did look at those naked pictures.
Did you really?
Sure.
All the fear that's fit to print by Robin Blumner,
I threatened to read this before tonight.
I just got a sidetrack talking about the big race on Saturday.
Because I know a lot of our people are big racing fans.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
The case of Brandon Mayfield, the overgone lawyer,
who was a suspect in the March 11th train bombings in Madrid,
because his fingerprint ostensibly matched one found on the bag of explosive detonators,
races a host of troubling questions that someone in Congress should be asking.
How is it possible for a fingerprint match to be inaccurate
after being confirmed as a 100% identification by three FBI experts,
as well as a defense hired expert?
What does that say about the dependability of fingerprint analization?
Why was Mayfield detained under the material witness statue when that law was
designed to address the problem of witnesses, not perpetrators of crimes,
who are a flight risk?
Why did the FBI have Mayfield's army fingerprints on file,
and why could they be searched at will?
Mayfield was detained on May 6th and held for nearly two weeks as a material witness,
and the terrorist attack that killed nearly 200 people injured about 2000.
It was released with an apology from the FBI.
We now know that Mayfield's fingerprint was not the one on the incriminating bag.
Instead, the FBI says the print belongs to Oren,
they doubt an Algerian national, whatever the hell his name is.
Yet according to the FBI, Mayfield fingerprints matched the print lifted by Spanish authorities
at 15 particular ridge points.
Remember, River Ridge?
This is far more than what is often required in criminal court to assert an
absolute match.
In the Washington Post last month, Jennifer Mnuchen,
law professor at the University of Virginia wrote experts have declared positive fingerprint
matches in court even finding after fewer than eight points.
And what have a name is Mnuchen?
What the Mayfield case suggests is that fingerprint matches may not be the gold standard
proof that law enforcement has held it out to be.
Mnuchen said the serious concerns about re-reliability fingerprint analization
have been proudly ignored.
First, she said we really don't know whether each fingerprint is unique
since valid statistics don't exist.
It could be that many people at fingerprints so similar
has to be virtually indistinguishable.
Did you know that?
You do now?
Yep.
You didn't know that?
Yeah, I didn't.
Oh.
Another concern identified by Mnuchen is the growth of databases holding fingerprints.
The FBI's integrated automated fingerprint identification system contains more than 45
million prints.
The more prints, the more likely there'll be false positive matches
implicating someone innocent with what is put forth as unassailable proof.
The FBI's mistake was maybe because of the poor quality of the digital image of the
Madrid fingerprint, but it also appears there was a rush to judgment against
Mnuchen's which match was one of a number spit out by the computer.
Mnuchen became the prime suspect because he'd represent a terrorism defendant
a custody matter and he advertised in a Muslim telephone book that was run by a
former assistant of Osama Yamama Bin Laden, the kind of associations that many
in the Muslim community could easily have.
Here is religious profiling and work that consequences can be highly
destructive to innocent lives, but of course who in this administration cares about that.
Then there's the most distressing aspects of this case, which is the way due process
was bypassed with the use of the material witness statute.
The law was designed to hold witnesses who were likely to leave the country to avoid
testifying, but has been transformed by John Ascroft's Justice Department as a tool of
preventive detention.
Since 9-11, at least 50 individuals have been locked up first investigated later with many
release without being called as witnesses at all.
In Mafield's case, there was insufficient cause to charge him with a crime so the justice
department used what was handy.
It is worth noting that, with prior to Mafield's arrest, Spanish authorities had raised
questions over the accuracy of the FBI fingerprint match, but FBI officials didn't wipe the arrogance
from their eyes until a more logical suspect emerged.
Mafield's prints were available to the FBI because he had been arrested once as a juvenile
and had been in the US Army.
According to Paul Bresson, FBI spokesman, in addition to fingerprints of known criminals and
arrestees, the agency maintains the prints of everyone who's held a federal government job
where has been in the Armed Forces since 1924.
The prints are collected so the FBI may conduct a criminal background check,
but after the check is complete, the prints are not destroyed.
They're kept nearly indefinitely for use when the FBI is looking for suspects.
I bet the men and women of the Armed Forces have little idea that years after they completed
their service, their fingerprints are scanned for any potential criminals and terrorists
among them.
Congresses take some interest in Mafield's case.
Members of the Justice Department let us raise questions and the topics explained to come up
when Ascroft appears before the Senate Judiciary Committee this week.
They should keep on it.
It is up to lawmakers to say limits on how this war on terrorism is fought,
either with respect to due process rights in privacy or not, or not.
I think right at the moment I think not would be the operative term.
And speak of the Patriot Act and getting an eclipse from the Furniture and High 9-11
and the fact that nobody read the bill in Congress, right.
The Broward County Commission registered their opposition and declared it unconstitutional
on whatever the hell data was.
And two minutes till midnight, the Sun sent and put that story on their website
and it never appeared in the next day's newspaper, it vanished.
All of these things continue disappearing mysteriously in the middle of the night.
We're being printed mysteriously in the middle of the night as the case may be.
Just the coincidence, I guess, huh?
Must be.
Sure.
1241 at 560 WQM, Kimba Bo camper for the Mad Dog at 2, the Humper at 4 from Shula State 2.
Then we got the big.
We just can't wait to see um, smarty Jones in the Derby again next year.
And in the bill mod, it probably do better.
Any K at 10 o'clock in an overnight, it's a total loss.
The property is 7 at 560 WQM.
259 votes on pool number two.
First two hours, we asked who was our best president since the 1960
and Clinton wins hands down with over 62% of the vote.
Bubba, all his warts and pimples and uh, growing nose, he still wins hands down over 62%.
But who was our worst president?
259 votes.
Uh, the Bushmeister, the tooth, W 166, 64%.
Oh my god.
Like that.
Yeah.
Clinton 28, Carter 24.
How is that possible?
Well, it's just, it's because of recent history and because of the Clinton basures.
You know, they're just out there salivating.
Ah, you know, I want to send it very worth.
They don't like the fact that he was getting a little uh, head of his time.
Carter 24, Reagan 16, Nixon 9, JFK 5, a Gerald Ford 4, LBJ 4, and Bush 1, 3.
He was kind of like, like that porridge, you know, not too hot, not too cool, just the mediocre.
Just lukewarm.
Not a whole lot of people like him, not a whole people dislike him.
It's just like that.
Come see, come, sah.
Come, how?
Bush 1.
Sa.
Oh my god.
This, here's LL Cool, Jay.
I'm talking about Reagan.
People.
You know, in different ways like, well, you know, if you do this, you can't do that.
And if you do that, you can't do this.
Well, guess what?
It's Murphy right now.
He was a movie star and he became president in the United States.
Well, how do you like that?
You tell him, LL Cool, Jay.
You tell him.
Oh, Tony better.
But when he was governor, he had me sing for the boys that came back from Vietnam.
And it was unforgettable.
It was unforgettable, Tony better.
In the day over 110, there's Syracadishica Barker.
Peter?
He did a long and very rich life.
War's new, Sarah.
There's a lot.
And I think the thing that most of us remember is that he passed away in the loving care of his family,
which so many people in this country who have all time.
Yeah, he showed us what a real vegetable is.
Okay, forget about that ketchup crab, Nancy.
I think it was getting even with her, you know what?
For coming up with that crab that ketchup is a vegetable,
punishing all the children of America go to school and being the
deprived of their real nutrition and health.
That's probably why we got a bunch of running around right now.
It's probably all a Reagan thing.
We have a D-A-D-H-D on him.
We're right.
And HDTV.
Right.
And all the other things too, if you ask me.
Anything evil.
He was always talking about the evil empire.
Now we got the one with his evil doers.
And Ted Kennedy's drinking at evil doers.
5670560, pound 561.
And there's spurs a few of your calls.
Did I get some of your thoughts?
Or not.
Has the case maybe?
WDQA, hello.
It's going to be a new one.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, if I run a quaint book,
when Ronald Reagan was in office and then the the war came down
in Germany and Russia class,
he took over 12 up in Francisco.
The run a green piece of organization.
You know.
And then the top of it off, the guy winds up.
Dead, yeah.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon,
wireless, will you follow on that one there?
Nope.
Something about what Josh Beckett likes to do on his hands,
I think is what he said.
Some were in there.
5670560, WDQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, talk about Ronald Reagan in the 80s.
Yeah, I'm in the medical equipment business.
We used to deal with, you know, when A1 came out,
you do, I don't know.
Many people don't know this.
Like 95% of the hemophilia acts.
We used to deal with children and they were coming out with AIDS.
Then you had all these hate mongers and all these people saying
all these people deserve to die and stuff like that.
And then, you know, you're dealing with kids
and they didn't do anything
and just because of a condition that's...
Yeah, blood transfusion, right?
Because of the bad blood.
Like, right away.
You know, 95% of the...
So it's really in that whole mentality back then.
I had no respect for the guy anyway.
And I kind of...
You can't see the people dying.
I have no compassion for him.
Well said.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Well said.
Oh, it's a fact thing.
You know, he was a heartless right wing fanatic.
And because of the fact he was a movie star,
he talked with a very glibba with that soft toenail.
Therefore, it's the cosmetic appearance
that counts in a rise in millions,
including these jack holes in the immediate now
that are making a big song to dance about this.
He was a non-compassionate right wing fascist.
Kind of just like we got what we got right now,
even though they just changed the name.
Because...
Watch this drive.
Yeah, I've watched this drive.
Oh, brother.
If you have a minute,
go online on michaelmore.com
and just click on where it says,
view the trailer of Fahrenheit 9-11.
You really have to see it.
It'll just take...
It's about two minutes long.
It's really well worth it.
It'll get you salivating for that movie coming up
two weeks from Friday.
He's got the hootspace standing there.
Of course, you really...
When you see that clip,
you don't know where he's standing.
You don't realize he's on a golf course.
He's standing there and he's a t-shirt,
a striped t-shirt,
like going on about,
well, these terrorists,
we have to get him wherever they are in the world.
He's an evil terrorist and they have to be caught
and tracked down.
And then all of a sudden,
the camera backs away a little bit.
You see that he's pulled out a driver,
a golf club,
and he starts...
Now watch this drive.
And there he goes,
whacking the golf ball, man.
Just, you know,
so perfect,
so outstanding.
As you'd expect from michaelmore,
see, this is one guy who's not going to sit back.
He already had this experience before
when he tried to do bowling for colabines
and they tried to bury him deep-sixth before the fact.
And then it was that one school librarian.
Remember that story?
Sure.
And then a whole bunch of school librarians
got together and put up a fuss.
People that won't sit still for censorship,
they don't believe in this crap, okay?
There was it to people that made the stink
and that's eventually why they're booking
in a movie godmade.
But you won't find any guts at Disney.
I'll tell you that.
You won't find any guts at
the most of the big publishers
because they're really busy putting out a problem.
Thank god for the wine-stone brothers there
for buying at the Miramar Miramax
in Miramar, what a hell I was.
Thank god for them.
For those good Jewish boys.
Hey!
See, they're not voting for a bush.
I'll guarantee you that.
We need to find some Jews for carry, okay?
Not just a well-to-do snobbish
of Jews for bush,
which I encountered a few of them during my week down.
And that was disgusting.
That was sickening and nauseating.
Revolting, grotesque.
One thing I found is that all the people that,
all of them that I've encountered
who have associated with a stock market
with finance, with big bucks,
no matter what their religious persuasion,
they're always fit to Republican do'sure,
whichever fascist do'sure is coming down to pike.
They're all for it.
Maybe if Hitler had been good for business.
Hey, listen, I get that some of the Jews
in Germany supported him.
Are you kidding?
I don't...
I saw that in those movies.
Well, there you go.
567-0560, but we're supposed to like,
remember Ronald Reagan,
can he get this crap over with already?
Or what?
Oh boy.
I'm trying to forget him.
I'm trying to develop compartmental Alzheimer's
and just have that one little part of my brain.
Forget him and forget that he was ever around.
Couldn't say the word AIDS couldn't articulate,
it could not enunciate it for a long, long time.
WQA him, hello.
QA him, hello.
Not there, two in a row, can we go for three?
WQA him, hello.
QA him.
He articulating, could not even know if he had...
WQA him, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm on the hill.
Speaking.
Hey, I got a great bit.
I'm going to pull off today.
I'm going to go to a costume shop.
I'm going to get me a Ronald Reagan basket.
I'm going to get this trouble.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
Sounds like a hell of a good idea.
A good way to...
Wait for me.
Right.
A good way to commemorate the passing of our 40th president.
There you go.
Just get bled.
Put on the old Ronnie Reagan mask.
Matter of fact.
Yeah.
Know how we have that bit?
And I think we can still play that hot-killed bit.
Right.
Get your Ronnie Reagan mask and roll you up a big fatty.
Hot-kills.
Judy Garland, Lenny Bruce, Elvis Presley.
They all died while sitting on the toilet.
Remember,
hot-kills.
Stay off the pot.
I remind you from the home safety console.
Just say to that wicked weed, baby,
or not as a case, maybe,
all depending on which Jamaican dealer you're doing business.
But George's got to list some good names.
How come it is that that Jamaican men
tend to be a little bit more?
I guess because they got the good crap.
But they're just, I don't know, a different breed.
But they don't have that imperious attitude that the women do.
I'd like to definitely.
They do?
Although with the exception of Hudson.
Yeah, you don't know any Jamaican men.
Oh, who you can, man?
We seem to have a dead barber shop over there.
You can, me?
Okay.
1256.
Right, right, kidney corner, a Chuck sub-center over there on a corner.
I know where you hang out.
Drop on.
Right by between a barber shop and at the convenience store.
That's where all the good deals go down.
Oh, they got baby.
You're trying to lose weight by following one of his low-carb diets.
The lights away spoke as help thousands of low-carb
diners achieve their weight loss goals.
Today, shopping for the right low-carb products
has become more and more confusing.
Now, most of the so-called low-carb products
under the grocery store shelves
won't even help you lose weight because they're loaded with carbs.
Selecting foods with the right ingredients
as well as the lowest carbs is the key.
That's what it's all about.
The lights focus is on over a thousand of the right low-carb
items and products that you can sample before you buy.
I'm anything the store tried before you buy it.
And they have a staff that knows the dieting inside
and out so if you're on the atkins, sugar busters,
South Beach or any low-carb sugar-free diet
had four delights away spoke.
The number one low-carb store in the universe
and let them help you reach your important weight loss goals
and stay alive, unlike Ronnie Reagan.
Stay alive.
They're open everyone.
He was 93.
That's much more than enough.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
Delights away spoke is on the northeast corner of blades
and 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free, 1-877 low-carb LOW-CARB
or on web it's lowcarb.com with a W.
Don't forget Delights away spoke is your official atkins retail center.
Find a local, this is 560.
The radio's on your side.
I'm the...
...Cue Man.
This is your president speaking.
Yeah, I got so much time nowadays.
I haven't even listened to that.
Neil Rogers won the 2-hour.
It's good.
It's good.
How dare they drag the good name
of the United States of America?
Here's a mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
Abu Dhabi, great.
I'm on CV as my own private lane.
I didn't say well no, and the turt they should chew.
But I start calling it, no baby.
Got that sucks, I suck.
No babies, I don't know, I don't know.
I'm raindsie, I hear that's not 40 soon out of rock.
Right through spring, through the factions, through the party.
I suck, I suck.
Oh, baby, I suck, I suck.
Oh, man.
I'm telling you that was a very moving thing on Saturday
that they had to show us the flag and half-mast on top of the White House.
They couldn't just report to us that the president ordered the flag lowered.
They had to show it to us breathlessly.
Breaking news!
The flag has been lowered to half-mast at the White House.
Aren't you shocked?
Yeah, and it's made.
And then actually see it.
It was just a fly-opener to me.
102-560-WQM Kimbobo Campro Fidamad Dog at 2.
Michelle Kotl of CBS NewsRights team bushes on a religious crusade.
Part of these things.
Yeah.
A mighty army of religious warriors is being assembled on the president's behalf right, Michelle.
She says Carl Roe is no idiot.
I realize this observation sounds obvious.
But it bears repeating.
Often his Democrats and Washington's chattering class
become increasingly excited about conservatives
increasing the public criticism of the Bush administration.
Perhaps more than any other field politics embraces the kicker guy when he's down out.
Look, thus with W. Suffering a popularity slumped
due to his breathtakingly mismanaged direct odyssey,
it's unsurprising that many on the right have begun to grouse about other bush moves
that they see as ideologically impure.
Sure, the tax cuts were great, but what about the massive deficits run up on W.
is watch.
The White House can draw about the cost of fighting terrorism all at once,
but a budget analysis conducted by of all folks, the Heritage Foundation,
indicates that less than half of the new spending under Bush has been related to defense or homeland security.
Conservatives are less than thrilled about the president's big government prescription drug bill,
not to mention his notches, federally intrusive no-child left behind program.
And speaking of intrusive, a colorful mix of right-wingers,
including the leadership of the Eagle Forum, the American Conservative Union,
and the Free Congress Foundation,
think the pay-true debt could use some serious tweaking
before John Ashcroft starts implanting spy cams and everyone's underpants.
Concerns about Bush's conservative credo won't be eased by the fact that members of his own party have launched legislative crusades and conflict within his administration positions.
Georgia, ex-Congressman Bob Barr, in order to womanly be funny little mustache,
is lobbying hard for an overhaul of the pay-true debt by local home of congressman Ernest Ishtook,
keeps pestering majority leader Tom Delay for a vote on a balanced budget amendment.
Realistically, such amendments got about as much chance of victory this year as Dennis Kocinich,
but a vote on the issue, something Delay reportedly promised Ishtook just before the Memorial Day recess,
could prove uncomfortable both for the White House and congressional conservatives
as Democrats begin musing about how that deficit's got so big,
what Dracconian cuts would be needed to achieve a balanced budget,
and why exactly so many Republicans spent so many months arguing that deficits don't matter.
The anti-Bush forces are understandably giddy about W's inter-party blues,
for one thing it must come as a tremendous relief to discover that even this president's
Teflon coating will get sticky if enough mud is splashed on it.
Who could have predicted that Chalabi would turn out to be this big of a sleazeball?
More broadly, Democrats have grown accustomed to being the party of self-destructive,
inter-nesting bloodliding for them the very idea of Republicans publicly savaging one another
as the political equivalent of free porn.
But this brings us back to my original reality, Czech Karl Rove is no idiot.
The dark wizard is well aware of his president's troubles,
and even as the beltway boys and girls obsess over Iraq,
team boosters furiously sucking up to the base on domestic issues.
Just this week, W. Delivert, a Keep the Faith Barnburner,
nearly 2,000 religious leaders and social service workers assembled in Washington
for the White House conference on faith-based and community initiatives.
In his best preacher's voice, Bush spoke of souls lost and found,
the power of the good book, and the need to surrender one's life to a higher being.
But his larger goal, reminding the audience of what a key friend he's been,
stressing his commitment to government funding of religious groups,
Bush noted that when an obstinate Congress tried to block his plans,
he outsmarted them by signing an executive order.
Take that, you godless legislators.
The more illuminating speech however came from Jim Toey,
Bush's faith-based czar, who helpedfully focus the crowd on the fierce culture war,
still raging in this country.
Iraq may be getting all the press these days, he allowed,
but there's also another war that's going on that really gets to the heart of the questions
about what the role of faith is in the public square.
If the anti-boish forces wind up curing the day, Toey reportedly warned,
you could almost wind up creating a godless orthodoxy,
propelling such divisive partisan rhetoric at an official White House event,
Toey most likely earned a cookie and a pat on the back from the dark wizard.
But the faith-based concern of the conference revival,
let me try it again, but the faith-based conference revival was just one stop on team Bush's crusade.
Lastly, to present him with several members of the religious media,
this week during a trip,
Westy was scheduled to swing by Colorado Springs to kiss the ring of evangelical power broker James Dobson.
Finally, and perhaps most impressively on Thursday,
the New York Times broke news that the Bush campaign is working to recruit literally thousands of friendly congregations
to aid its reelection efforts by identifying volunteers wanting to distribute campaign materials,
facilitate voter registration, and pray for a plague of frogs to paralyze Blue State voting on election day,
just kidding about that last part,
in Pennsylvania alone, 1600 churches have been contacted.
This move, at least, captured the attention of Democrats who promptly fired off outraged emails
accusing the Bushes of mixing church and state,
the Democrats are right to be furious and terrified.
Rove has long vowed to make sure evangelical voters turn out to see
in far greater numbers than in 2000,
and every new Iraq failure makes it that much more important for team Bush to remind social conservatives
who was with them on hot button issues like gay marriage and partial birth abortion,
homegrown moral atrocities that inflamed the right far more than anything that went down at...
The Bush campaign is unlikely to spread this particular message via nationwide TV Adlets
since much aggressive moralizing might give swing voters the willies,
but they will spread it through every conservative broadcast of religious publisher
and friendly congregation they can find,
a mighty army of religious warriors is being assembled on the President's behalf.
When this in mind, the Kerry campaign better not get too wrapped up in Iraq or Vietnam,
this is a two-front war,
and team Bush is working hard to convince Americans that as in all battles, God is on its side.
How do you like that?
Damn God!
The Lord wants the Bushmeister.
Yeah.
Oh, there's the aherst...
William Randolph Hearst, there it is with the Ronnie's casket, a Tisket of Tasket,
I think he's in the casket.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, we're gonna see this like around the clock.
This makes the OJ thing peel into one significant thing.
Oh, I just thought white Ford Bronco passed by.
Yeah, there he goes, there's A-C.
V-C.
Guess what is the most popular thing on the Internet?
Porn?
There you go.
Okay.
I thought it was a trick question for a second.
No.
Porn three times more popular than searches.
What if we often get what we got Ursula and Russ gonna address?
They're searching.
Tracking firm finds that 18.8% of U.S. web visits were to adult sites,
5.5% to top search engines.
See, that's why we give you a little of both.
Although there's nothing pornographic, I did just a couple of boobies.
That's hard.
Including the pictures of the president, couple of boobies.
It's an appreciation of beauty and Pat Boone, couple of boobies.
Online porn sites get about three times more than the top web search engines,
including market leader Google Inc. research firm said last week.
Websites categorized as adult accounted for 18.8% of all Internet visits by U.S. users
in the week ending May 29, almost 20%.
Meanwhile, the category that contains search engines dominated by Yahoo,
MSN and Google accounted for just 5.5% greater hit rising,
a California based company that tracks web use.
See, we should be putting more boobies and more porn on there
and less of these bedtime stories that we work so feverishly to find in the inform, etc.
That's quicker.
During that time, Google garnered 2.7% of all web visits
while Yahoo's search and MSN search cut 1.7% and 1.1% respectively,
Bill Tanser, no kin to Bill Tanner, who we don't like anymore,
VP of research at Hit Wise Told Reuters.
Other large hit wise categories included entertainment at 8.0%,
business in finance at 7.4%, and shopping in classified at 7.0%.
Google is moving toward an initial public offering that's expected to be a blockbuster.
The three leading search providers fall into a subcategory hit wise call,
search engines at directories, Yahoo, Yahoo.
Does it go on any more about the 401 here? No.
Well, that's all we cared about.
Hit Wise also found that fast-growing comparison shopping sites
such as shopping.com, next tag and biz rate are getting fewer referrals
from web search providers, meaning that users are either going directly to the niche sites
or finding other routes to them.
Thereby cutting search engines out of lucrative shopping clicks.
The same appears to be true for top travel sites, Tanser said.
But he liked that.
What I'd like to say, that's no bulletin.
And why the hell should it be? Americans are repressed.
Even though they're screwing their brains out 124 times a year, they still want more.
Since 1960, who do you think was our worst president?
That's our second poll of the day.
268 vote.
Bush too. George W. Bush has got 65.7%.
Oh my God.
Oh, there's Cheney.
Playing center.
Wow, wow, he's got to play center for the 49ers this year, Cheney.
Yeah, out there in San Francisco, all in Madakunis.
Well, his daughter, you know, is a dyke.
Let's see, Bush too. 242.
65.7%.
Jimmy Carter 38.
Week. Week, man.
Terrible.
Awful.
Just go in the pick some peanuts.
Jimmy, get out of our push and tell your brother.
Didn't he die?
Billy Carter's dead, but he won't be doing that anymore in Josh Beckett's hands or anybody else.
So that six pack of Billy beer, you've been saving up his worth something.
Oh, I'm right. Crack it out.
And I get your Reagan mask on the staff, known to get out that old Billy beer.
And then go wash your hands.
Carter 38.
Clinton 35.
Reagan 17.
Our worst.
Nixon 10.
See, he did unworse than that, but they're not as insensitive as we are.
You know, don't want to hit a man when he's down.
I mean, he has been dying for 10 years.
He was a vegetable.
But, oh, the shock.
I just don't get it.
Reagan 17.
Nixon 10.
JFK 8.
I bet you know, those people speak of English.
Bush 17.
Nixon 14.
Jerry Ford couldn't walk in to you.
Come at the same time.
Sixth.
And LBJ 5.
For Lyndon Baines Johnson.
Who was the Bain of many people's existence.
Most of them came back in body bags.
See, he was not all bad though.
We had the great society thing.
Civil rights.
Right.
He had some good stuff going.
But he was a hard ass.
He just wouldn't give up on the Vietnam thing.
And he was, wouldn't listen to nobody.
I remember, I remember like it was yesterday.
The night he came on TV, he went out to say he would not accept it.
And would not try to get the nomination of his party out for re-election.
I remember that.
Like it was 10 minutes ago.
Yeah.
You don't.
Because you were like, let's see, that's 68, 32, 36 years ago.
You were like a child.
Yes.
And another country.
Oh, and another country where you were busy voting for a Castro.
Right.
At the tender age of three.
And one of those fixed elections.
We are sports radio 560.
We weigh in.
And another thing.
You don't listen to me.
You're a bit of a big star by now.
You're with that little bit sweet voice.
I didn't expect to get anywhere a little beauty-puked.
Please say, Puked.
And I think it's a bit of a ride.
I don't know what it is.
I was just a 36, a white guy.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
Yeah.
What about?
I like you.
I like you.
What about?
I want to die.
You're a pectorine.
No toenail, cheese, a romaine.
It's being a home-ass.
And points like that.
Why you, why you're gonna smack you?
Thanks, Steve.
I know my smell attracts you.
Thank you.
But unlike Zach, you still can't set your...
I feel just like that you are my dim rudder.
And one year later, another.
That's why you're still not buying.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
119-560.
That's it.
That's it.
Here's another nitpicker and other facts.
Neil, I don't like correcting God.
But what half mast is when the flag is at sea.
Half-staff is when the flag is unlanded.
Now I wouldn't afford a dead along.
But nitpickers such it is.
But I think that you need to go into great detail about flying your flag at half-staff.
Hey, when my flag is at half-mask.
Yeah.
Half-staff is on land.
Half-mask is at sea.
Who gives a fly in?
I'm saying who cares?
I think I heard you want to say half-staff is better than none anyway.
Right.
And half-aloof.
That's what though.
And speaking of that, all these spots we got about constipation.
Yeah.
Well, what's going on in this radio station?
My God, I know it's the dog.
There's a summer coming up here.
Last couple weeks we had the painful defecation spots with mufflinzy.
Now we got the Tommy there to win a constipation spots.
We should like to feel relaxed once again.
Oh my God, we're obsessed with...
Reckon!
...ass on this station.
I wouldn't be surprised if George starts talking to summertime about sniffing Chinese ass again.
Or whatever it was that you were talking about.
Eating.
Ah!
Chinese meals at Emmer Post.
You won't like this news.
Okay.
A statement very al-Qaeda's name warned today that Western airliners will be the terror group's next target.
Oh my God.
What airliners?
Western airliners, you know, like from the West?
Yeah.
The statement appeared on an Islamist website known for posting messages from militants including the video,
which a terror group with al-Qaeda links executed Nick Berg.
The statement's authenticity could not immediately be verifying, but it was signed al-Qaeda on the Arabian peninsula.
Oh, hi Al.
Al-Qaeda.
Like, you know, as in the collective kind of signature.
The statement referred Crusaders and warned all that is affiliated with these Crusaders from compounds,
bases, and means of transport, especially Western and American airliners, will be direct targets of our next operations with God's help it says.
The statement begins by warning all Muslims to avoid contact with the American and Western Crusaders and all non-believers in the Arabian peninsula.
It urges Muslims to ignore Americans and Westerners in their homes, compounds, movements, and means of transport in all shapes and forms.
The statement says the purpose of this warning is to spare Muslim blood.
Well, I've never considered about that before when they made those attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere in that part of the world.
Those are the bad ones.
Huh?
Oh, that's right. They were supposed to be a blood of the good Muslims.
If they will please stand up so we can identify it.
There is that look at that.
There's that white-forward Bronco.
I mean, they have black hers on a freeway.
Oh, we're silly.
Yeah.
Do you want to refer to this?
She's in the little, oh, now we got her off the screen.
Now we got the big picture there.
The hers.
This is mind blowing to me.
I still hate her.
I can't stand her.
Religious bitch.
Let's see.
Oh, and now look at this.
The president was escorted into the chamber where members of the upper and lower houses of parliament had come to hear him outline.
They're talking about India, India on the BBC.
Of course, that's part of the old empire in all those people living in a pan.
Inhumulation with India's economic expansion.
Right, now let's see what they're talking about on the BBC.
The BBC ain't doing Reagan at the moment.
I mean, they've done plenty already with the BBC.
We'll be celebrating because we'll need that adrenaline.
The Canadian Task Force in Kabul, Afghanistan, they're talking to them.
So it's only the American networks that are just fixated nonstop virtually.
Once in a while we get a little something else about the G8 summit coming up, but back to this.
Government.
They might have agreed with it in...
Oh, brother.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And Nuria, negative words, she'll be heard, okay?
Because it's just disrespectful, as the mad dog would say.
Disrespectful.
Like saying the bad word about Dan Marina, you know, disrespectful.
No, my med.
No, that would be Italian.
I don't know no French.
No.
Well, my med.
The mayor of Beagles in the Southwest of France, which I'm sure pronounced in that wrong too, I could care less.
Studos frog.
It has presided over the country's first game marriage.
Mr. my med, a former television presenter.
What do you know about them?
Perform the marriage of a shop worker, Bertrand Chaplin, G831, and a male nurse.
You know about them.
Stephon Chapin, 34 on Saturday, because he said he wanted to fight discrimination in France.
Why had police surrounded...
I don't want to say they're getting a little worked up over there, but just calm down please.
Why had police surrounded the town hall where the ceremony took place because of protest by conservative groups?
Well, we're not alone, isn't that pleasant here?
We got a few of them here in Canada, a few of them right-wingers.
Fought third, a man.
The happy couple arrived in a brown-roles-roise and were applauded by gay-wice activists.
Mr. my med said he was proud of having officiated at the wedding and said, I don't consider myself an outlaw.
The marriage, which was recorded and shown on French news bulletin, has ignited a fierce debate in France about the legality and morality of gay marriage.
The interior ministry Dominique Duvelpan said he'd begun disciplinary proceedings against Mr. my med,
and accused him of contributing the French civil code.
I intend to make sure the law of the Republican, the authority of the state, or respect that he said,
if convicted Mr. my med, could face a suspension and a fine of 1,500 euros, which is close to 2 grand.
French law allowed civil unions for homosexual couples, but denies them full tax and inheritance rights.
The Prime Minister has said that French law specifies that marriage can only be between a man and a woman,
is indicated he believes the wedding to be invalid, or is that invalid, isn't Robert Reagan.
You're just insensitive man, just a bastard.
Yeah.
How?
Too bad.
I'm not going to feign sympathy or anything like that because I don't feel it.
I'm not going to come on here and tell her.
Yeah, I feel it.
No, seriously, I don't feel any sympathy about this thing, even if I liked Reagan, which I didn't at all,
but even if I would have thought he was a hell of a great president, a good guy, never still afraid to train,
he's been dying for 10 years.
This has been an unbelievable burden on the whole family, a special little pinhead Nancy, with her little red dress.
She don't even wear the red dress anymore.
She's so far blundered from this.
So why aren't people saying, oh, what?
No, seriously, why don't they say, oh, it's a relief.
It's a blessing already.
Oh, what?
America has got this obsession about dying.
They just can't handle it.
It's always a morbid thing.
Sometimes it's a blessing.
It would seem to me that once you get to about 90, you know, you start thinking very seriously about that kind of thing, right?
For blundered?
What's wrong with that?
Is that how you say it?
For blundered.
You never heard that before?
No.
Confused like messed up in the head like for blundered.
Yeah, come on.
Are you reverting to your old Goyezha ways again?
For blundered.
For blundered.
You heard that.
Even a Goyem know that for blundered.
Come on.
They do know.
Yeah, it's Josh likes it.
In fact, don't isn't he pitching him off for the marlins?
I'm going to use that every day.
You're going to have a blundered.
Yeah.
Have any rate?
Oh, man.
Like Alan Finkelson, my late great friend from Pompa Department of Park used to say there's only one trouble in the world.
Too many Goyem.
Well said, Alan.
27 after 1 at 560 WDQAM.
For years you've been here at about Alayzer Recharge, the toner and recharge cartridge specialist.
When you call Alayzer Recharge at 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just Bob, the sole owner who supplies businesses with a complete lot of printing and office equipment.
Alayzer Recharge has got ink jets, thermocarbons, paper, supplies, and other provide service support and maintenance for most mixing models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
Call 1-800-287-9212 right now.
In most cases, you can have what you need within 24 hours.
Alayzer Recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges compared to depot pricing.
All the cartridges sold by Alayzer Recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Anybody can send you a cheap refilled cartridge, but you get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only way to go.
Alayzer carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers, and faxes along with brother and Xerox drums.
Alayzer Recharge is part of their individualized service offers a no questions act satisfaction guarantee to.
So if you're the toner, cartridges, anything else, pick up the phone and call just Bob from Alayzer Recharge at 1-800-287-9212.
Log out of the website if you like it, AlayzerRecharge.com or call 1-800-287-9212.
I have no idea what you're saying.
This is Port 20 on FICE-IT.
2 AM.
The Guilier is an ambassador.
It's my grandma's birthday and I have no idea what you get her.
You need a gift as you meet at the first of the season?
I get to send you the Bob, give them a Pimp name from the International Pimp Name with the stamp.
Happy birthday grandma, look what I got you.
Oh, what's this?
It says, Ednaburg, myster, you now be...
Playbub, fresh, tasty, ee, oh, I always watch it on Pimp Name.
Only 4995, the International Pimp Name with the stamp.
We're gonna give you this Christmas and a special somebody in your life.
Be the old, or be the old.
Happy birthday, clearly.
We got you a Pimp name.
Yay, now I'm little kid, dog.
Now back up off my grill, yo.
Oh, that's so sweet.
Everybody on your Pimp Name give me.
You can't receive a certificate.
It's a great birthday new Pimp name.
And they get a fur hat and go to it too.
Grandma already had the Cadillac.
Now she's got the name to go along with it.
Thanks to the National Pimp Name Registry.
My Jesus, my Pimp Candid Drone, my Desert Team!
Well, that's for Sizzles, 131 and 560.
I got mine, you got yours.
That's your Fizzles, 472 votes on the pool.
They're whipped up about this, but they'll present it.
I changed it.
Huh?
I changed it.
Change what?
The Office CNN, off of the live coverage of the Hurst Rule.
Oh, well, let's go over to MSNBC.
They must be talking about something else, right?
1820s and 19s.
Oh, Pat, you can, oh my God.
Holy cow, Pat, you can and your favorite.
It's alive, I am not, but not see.
You never know how much he sounds like Rick Shaw every once in a while.
At any rate.
472 votes.
How you doing, Ricky Tiki?
40 years on the year in South Florida.
Still ain't watched that camp.
Since 1960, who do you think is our worst president?
Bush, George W. Bush the tooth, 318.
67.3, two turns, you turn.
This audience says the worst in the last 40 years.
44.
Jimmy Carter, 46.
Bill Clinton, 45.
Got a good house rights going on there.
Arkansas, Georgia.
Reagan 18, that would be disrespectful.
I have a lot of votes on their worst.
That would be bad.
That's right.
They're still doing this.
What's the BBC doing now?
Maybe like something exciting like the weather?
A world business.
Let's see a big shake up in the industry.
What's likely to happen is some of the smaller low-clothed airlines will go bankrupt.
Oh, I just can't stand that accident.
Reagan 18, Nixon 14, Bush the one that's got nine.
JFK 9, four, we know all those people most speaking in English.
Four days, four days, seven and LBJ6 out of 472 votes.
Now, wait to hear this.
Good news and bad news.
The good news is that they carry people of narrow down their choice for running made for John.
Carry to three people.
That's the good news.
Okay.
The bad news is the name of the leader.
Oh no.
If I gave you, in fact, if I took 6,000 calls between now and two o'clock and gave you a guess
as to who the name of the leader would be, you'd never guess it.
Do you want to know why?
Because we never heard of them.
You never heard of them.
There you go.
Even I, Mr. Politically, has still wasted a lot of my time reading this crap.
Even I never heard of this guy.
I was going to say Lyndon LaRouche, but now I better rethink it.
Worst.
All right.
Well, John, John Edward is one of the three, but he's not the top of the list.
The other, the third, we don't know.
We don't know the third.
You turn.
But the leading choice right at the moment, Iowa Governor Tom Hilsack.
I.O. has a governor.
I guess.
Well, maybe he figures they can deliver those key electoral votes from Iowa.
And that might swing it.
You think?
No.
Or maybe he figures that we already got these preconceived notions about some of the other possible
former runners and he doesn't want to taint the, or maybe.
Yeah.
Tom Vilsack.
I'd never heard of that.
I'm sure I was got a governor.
I'm sure I was not as bad as you think it might be.
I didn't see the record.
No matter what.
He needs somebody bright and cheery and famous.
Well, maybe Tom Vilsack is bright, cheery and famous.
And doesn't look like he has the mask of death all over his face.
Huh?
Well, this will cheer you up.
Here's a little bit better story.
Hillsborough, North Carolina.
Your neck of the woods.
Now where's Hillsborough?
Oh, we're younger.
You're not near where you hang out?
Ain't nothing near where I hang out.
Hillsborough, North Carolina.
Police are searching for a man who was naked when he picked up his fast food order this weekend
and drives through window.
The custom-read boat jangles restaurant was described as hairy, big, billyed man about
the top third man with short, curly black hair that was receiving at the top of the head.
And if he was naked, I guess they know.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Short, curly black hair.
He picked up an order at the window Monday morning at boat jangles.
Maybe it was Mr. Bojangles.
I could have been at the boat jangles in Jefferson.
He conducted his business at the drive-through while wearing no clothing and he had to open his door to receive whatever...
Whatever they were passing out to the drive-through windows had kept in Ross Frederick of the Hillsborough Police Department.
This is the first time police have been called about him, but the man has patronized the restaurant before on those occasions.
He will only as underwear or perhaps shorts that may resemble underwear Frederick said.
I guess he was getting brazen enough.
Maybe it was one of them hot days or something north Carolina.
It didn't real tough since the Cerely Planship day.
Oh, how do you like that?
Or maybe an accident on his way over there.
You know I had to remove the shorts because they might have been a little on the stain side.
I don't know how to get too graphic there.
Well, it's hot because it's in the back of the room.
Some of our constipation spots and painful defecation spots.
This station is going to...
This station is going to...
Gassaline costs $0.5 a gallon in Iraq thanks to you as taxpayers.
I bet you're real pleased about that.
Thank you.
$0.5.
Well, Americans are showing out record prices for gas.
Or Mackey's pay only about a nickel or gallon for gasoline and a benefit of hundreds of millions of dollars in subsidies.
Bank rolled by you, the American taxpayer.
Aren't you proud?
Before the war forecast is predicted that by invading Iraq and hosting Sodom,
Usain, America would benefit from increased exports of oil from Iraq,
which has the world's second largest petroleum reserves.
That would mean cheap gas for American motorists and a boost for the oil dependent American economy.
More than a year after the invasion, it logic has been flipped on its head.
Now the average price of for gasoline in the U.S. is running at $0.205 a gallon,
$0.50 more than the pre-invasion price.
Instead, the only people getting cheap gas is the result of the invasion of the Iraqis.
Well, that's the least we can do for like killing all their people like that and butchering up all their kids.
Filming a $22 tank and bag dead with low-grade fuel cost $1.10 plus a 50 cent tip for the attendant.
A tank full of high-test costs $2.75.
Thanks a lot.
In Britain by contrast, gas prices at $5.79 a gallon last week.
A hundred and twenty-seven dollars for a tank full in Britain.
All the Iran's?
No, a hundred and dollars they translated for us down Americans.
You better hope it ain't in pounds.
Pound is like a buck seventy.
Although Iraq is the major petroleum producer of the country,
has little capacity to refine its own gasoline,
so the U.S. government pays a buck and a half a gallon to buy fuel in neighboring countries
and deliver it to Iraqi stations.
A three-month supply cost American taxpayers more than $500 million,
not including the cost of military escorts to fed off attacks by Iraqi insurgents.
The arrangement keeps afloat to $4,200 tanks cost constantly on the move-firing fuel to Iraq.
We thank the Americans bag dead taxi driver Osama Hashim said,
they risk their lives to liberate us and now they're improving our lives,
you said, how seem 26 topping up the tank on his beat up 83 Volkswagen.
Iraq's fuel subsidies, which are intended to modify drivers used to low-price fuel under Sodom,
have coupled with the opening of the borders to create an anarchic car culture in Baghdad.
Cheap used cars, shipping in from Europe and Asia,
are flooding into Iraq, a 10-year-old BMW in food condition cost just 5 grand
and because gas is so cheap, anybody with a car can become a taxi driver.
Drivers jam the streets offering rise for the little 250 denars about 17 cents.
These say he'll take about the first 200 denars and rumors say he'll take the rest.
Analysts say the U.S. gas subsidies can't last forever in Iraq.
He's maybe in for an unpleasant shock one day,
and in the meantime, the American taxpayer continues to foot the huge bill.
The U.S. taxpayer has the right to be indignant.
Iraqis have to be worried about the long run damages to this,
said Anthony Corgesman on Iraqi analyst with the Washington-based Center for Strategic International Studies.
The minute the aid goes out, the party's over.
There's going to be a hell of a hangover.
How do you like that?
I don't.
The U.S. government paid even more last year for Iraqis gasoline between $1.59 and $1.70 a gallon.
When the imports were contracted to Halibut and the Texas oil services giant formally handed by Vice President Dick Cheney.
God.
$5670.560 on the AT&T Infraurizing Wireless Line.
Life is just one big gigantic ripoff.
So this smile, you know.
Just sit back and smile, relax and eat nothing you can do about it.
Just have one big party.
Yeah.
Yeah, just get out your best rubber Ronnie Reagan happy face and have a great day.
Let me tell you right now about your health.
You know, everybody talks about it, but we don't want to talk out loud about it.
We think about it.
And out loud.
Cancer, heart disease, all these terrible things.
We think it can always happen to somebody else but never to us.
Well, guess what?
It can.
And it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you detected early.
If you wait too long, forget about it.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to offer you their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less intrusive than the traditional one.
Coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams that are like miracles.
It's like a virtual trip right through the inside of your body that can detect cancer out the life threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late.
Doctors before was never needed.
I had the test the coronary heart scoring full body screening a few weeks ago.
It's like a major miracle.
For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostics at 9.5.4.966-3600 for the test that can give you and your family real peace of mind.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI, high speed, cat scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostics has been serving South Florida for over 20 years.
And if a facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need.
So call Hollywood Diagnostics Center, it could be a life saving call.
Maybe one of the most important you'll ever make for those imaging exams today call 9.5.4.966-3600.
That's 9.5.4.966-3600.
My name is Locke.
Here's sports video 560.
You and you and you and you and you.
560.2.2.2.
Thank you.
Don't lie.
All the heartburn.
Don't don't ever.
Every time I see.
Don't don't know.
That three-card is in which.
Absolutely.
Don't don't know.
My TV.
Oh, he's president of the f**k door.
Republican muscle is in an archaic religious.
I don't know why they want this y'all.
But now he's here.
Just wrote a leg for you.
With president of the f**k door.
Oh, what I did too.
Don't go both on small.
And get to we all voted for.
If you want this.
Don't don't know.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't don't know.
And this drum in which kid.
Don't don't know.
He's even lumber than me.
He is president of the f**k door.
You don't care what it's up.
You got him here by hook or cross.
The Christian.
Oh, I know what best you and I have a health home future.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of the f**k door.
President of the f**k door.
President of the f**k door.
President of the f**k door.
How dare they drag the good things of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
Anyway, the hurts is still going up and down the freeway.
In case you're lost, personally.
I know you want to.
Thanks again to the f**kers out there because sometimes they alert me to something that I can't that didn't find or should have found.
This is the second one.
I didn't know where to find the one.
I probably should have gone just to GreatPolice.com.
Especially since we have a link to it.
Working for a change.com.
You can find it there too.
And of course, George and Josh can really do that.
Working for a change.
Anyway, GreatPolice writes today about Reagan.
The headline says, killer, coward, con man, good riddance gipper, more proof only the good die young.
He says, you're not going to like this.
You shouldn't speak ill of the dead.
In this case, someone's got to.
Ronald Reagan was a con man. Reagan was a coward. Reagan was a killer.
In 1987, I found myself stuck in a crappy little town in Nicaragua named Chagwitio.
The people were kind enough though hungry except for one surly young man, his wife had just died of tuberculosis.
People don't die of TB if they get some antibiotics, but Ronald Reagan, big-hearted guy that he was,
had put a lockdown in Vargo on medicine to Nicaragua because he didn't like the government that the people there had elected.
Ronnie Grin and Crack jokes while the young woman's lungs filled up and she stopped breathing.
Ronnie flashed a B movie grin while they buried the mother of three.
And when his beloved terrorist struck and murdered hundreds of American Marines in their sleep in Lebanon,
the TV warrior ran away like a whipped dog, then turned around and invaded Grenada.
That little club med war was like a murderous PR stunt Serrani could hold parades for gunning down Cubans building an airport.
I remember Nancy a skull and crossbones, prancing around and designed her dresses, some of the gifts that flowed to the Reagan's from hats to million dollar homes,
from cronies well compensated with government loot. It used to be called bribery.
And all the while, Grenada, grandpa, grand father who believed that on about family values,
but didn't bother to seize on grandchildren.
The New York Times today and it's canned obed, wrote that Reagan projected faith in small town American old time values.
Values my ass. It was union busting and a declaration of war on the poor and anyone who couldn't buy designer dresses.
It was the new meanness bringing starvation back to America so that every millionaire could get another million.
Small town values, from the movie star of the Pacific Palisades, the Malibu mogul, I want to throw up.
And all the while in the White House basement as his brain boiled away, his last conscious act was to ca donna coup d'etat against the elected Congress.
Reagan's secretary defends Casper the Ghost Wineburger with a crazed colonel Olly North plotted to give guns to the monster of the Minist Iatola Cammany.
Reagan's voice calls him a murderer, a wiener and a voice although Carter wouldn't give an inch to the Iatola,
Reagan with that film fantasy tough guy con in front of the cameras, went begging like a coward cockroach to Cammany,
pleading on vended knee for the release of the blood.
Weirdly was that third great gangster movie brother rats starring Ronald Reagan.
Well my friends you can rest easier tonight the rat is dead killer coward con man Ronald Reagan goodbye and good riddance.
How do you like that? I like as a closing shot from Great Palais you can read it on Great Palais.com we got a link on our website.
You know what else we ought to have a link to? I don't want to start getting air call kinds of work over there.
How's there a coming with Josh on getting that stuff handed over to Josh so coming along pretty good?
Well we probably ought to have a link to a Michael Moore.com when you think I don't think we got one on her.
Do we? He's working on a link to the trailer as well to the trailer right.
Just go to the right now. He's going to be in the trailer.
Is she going to be out to sign autographs? I got a date with her so she bet. Yeah, she's your kind of slut.
151 they all are. Yeah, I know.
Well when you live in North Carolina you're going to be too picky.
151 at 560 WQ I'm speaking to somebody who they all are. How about Jeff Cohen? He don't they too particular.
In fact if there's anybody I don't want to go into that.
Now what an only pizza lot in Davey man are still going strong. Now of course they had that other little mistake.
I tried to tell me wouldn't listen to me but you know this guy. No BS coupons at the pizza lot like the other joints because pizza lot every Thursday
are for the special where you buy one on three and the second was half price every Tuesday when you buy one I climbed into the second one is only five bucks again.
No special coupon. They did it's just a regular deal and every Monday like today you buy one was on the dinner and the second one is only five bucks and guess what?
No coupon necessary bring your own poop on but don't bring no coupon and the formula for success at the pizza lot is consistency and believe me speaking of
the poop on well no microwave in fact it's the only restaurant in the that has no microwave up and everything is either break their
soft taste. They cook it all fresh for you they give you gigantic portions the food is delicious every pasta dish under the
sun the best garlic rules you ever had in your life all of these things and so much more almost 200 seats at the
lofts in every way to the long lines Friday or Saturday night and they deliver the same full menu approximate delivery areas
for Western flamingo road north to sunrise South of Pine Boulevard east of prestigious 441.
So if you want to go out for lunch dinner late night snack this is always the place you can really enjoy us in a pizza lot
plaza right beyond pure one imports beyond university drive between 595 here's that telephone number for catering for
delivery for all of these things maybe for a hot date with Jeff Cohen 954 91688 that's 954 91688 still going strong
after all these years the world famous pizza loft in Davy my life and look all this is for trail by city.
We are in way.
Program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Oh what's the problem officer?
The floor from the vehicle.
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot officers don't like doing this they are only following orders.
It's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Purpose and fighting but be anoint you others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that the law the law the law the law the law the law the law the law the law.
I'm going to tell you a very disturbing story as a matter of fact yesterday I go in my little neighborhood 7-11 here.
If it's not Pakistanis it's a Chinese okay is very nice well I guess maybe not so nice.
There's a family that runs the convenience store and I go in there get my sodas my newspapers and whatever nothing edible of course got for bit.
But I go in there to get my newspapers and I put the newspapers on a counter the sun and the star and I put them on a counter and there of course was Reagan's picture was on a front cover.
Reagan did 93 what have a headline said and the proprietor the Chinese guy looks at me and he said who I go in there all the time.
I mean they know me very well they love me because I spent a lot of money there. He looks at me says all right and they.
I said yeah he died yesterday.
Oh my goodness I'm so sorry I had gravy spent.
And boy that was the wrong thing to say to me.
Yeah got you golden did it.
Not not a whole lot I wasn't in like a fist fight although I could have taken this guy.
I'm limpia Chinese but but seriously I mean the wrong thing to say I mean I come in here and I spend all that money.
Don't don't start talking politics with your customers okay that's my best suggestion for all you business people out there.
Especially you laundry head the people are trying these people are convenience stores just take it a money and give it a tiki and then that's it.
And I just proceeded to go on and I'm probably a little bit too long and he just looked at me like like oh jeez you still going to paper the paper.
Yeah today yes maybe not tomorrow Mr. I can buy papers anywhere hey.
Cut the crap although in his defense what is he know being Canadian and everything.
In other words he never had to endure a Canadian may ask this guy just came off on a Chinese banana vote is probably got started.
Yeah since 1960 who do you think was our worst president that's our second poll best president we had Clinton wins by a landslide earlier today.
This one is the worst Bush to George W. Form today vote 68.1% they hate him Carter 57.
Clinton 52 Reagan 21 would have been very disrespectful to have a higher number than that okay so just go easy on old Ronnie okay.
On old jelly bean Nixon 17 L.V.J. 13 Bush won the Wimp Meister George Herbert Walker 12 JFK 10 and Jerry Ford who's going to be on Larry Keedomar and I'd be sure to miss that Jerry Ford had 9.
Bye bye bye.
