Oh blows and sound of a bill!
Ooooooh!
Yeah.
This is Joey Butterfoolco.
Butterfoolco is a complete auto body.
With reminds of the olden that I'm still open for business.
And ready to serve issue in many different ways.
We'll pay your car while you wait.
And why not a body shop can laugh you at that.
Not to mention you can wait upstairs in my mostly appointed bedroom.
Now you see why it's called complete auto body.
I guarantee remember that I still have the Joey Coco Pops sweet 16 special.
Just bring your daughters down to the shop for anybody where they may need.
And I'll treat them to a free pizza and a ride in my boat.
And for those of you that are concerned about their fish of it.
Here's a few comforting words from my loving wife Mary Jo.
Kelly didn't do not eat the bitch at me.
So if you want me to smoke a damage estimate on your car just call 1-800-1.
I didn't do nothing.
That's 1-800-1.
I didn't do nothing.
Hey!
Stance of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Absolutely.
Wish you just played at the whole three and a half hours you know what?
Alright.
It'll do.
It'll do up till two o'clock.
Well, Karen's was in there this morning.
B.C.C.C. me.
Oh, come on.
Just once for us to a dolphin show, do a basted dolphin show for four out three and a half
whatever you're on.
Go for it.
No.
Why do we want to do that?
I could say that.
He just doesn't get it.
He just don't get it.
Just like they don't get the fact that not all of me arrived as audience listens to the
Stern Show unfortunately which we wish they did.
But also not all we got a very large percentage of our audience who number one are dolphins
including me.
And number two we also have a bunch of people that don't care about football or the NFL
or sports in general all of these things.
How do you like that?
Those are not no meaning.
Oh, I see that's right because they have nothing to do with sports.
I forgot that.
Yeah, Clarence is just a sports nerd.
He's just a hurricane nerd.
That's all he'll ever be.
It's very sad.
And he's kind of like slipped this last week without a great performance on my check last
week.
He kind of slipped several notches down the ladder this.
So you got a lot of work to do.
Bad news right off the bat.
We don't want to start on a bad note.
In fact, how about those dolphins?
That's a better note.
We will take all and any calls today,
bashing that off and so to make Clarence happy and they'll make me happy too because
that was my favorite moment of the game was what I still I still can't believe it.
I have it on tape.
I better go in the other one.
Watch it again when feeler put the ball on ground when he ladder.
Well, now you got to feel feel for a feeling and feeler, right?
Because the offensive lines about as offensive as a kid.
They got no protection.
That's kind of like, okay, guys, come on in or just nail the rash.
You know, it's a quarter of an amazing nine points.
Yeah, that's pretty heavy duty for them.
Four games, I believe it's 29 points.
Am I right?
Is that the correct total 29 points in four games?
That's a touchdown a game, baby.
Oh, it's not to like doing great.
But when he tried to ladder or whatever he was trying to do just his last
bubble, they're just kind of put it on the ground.
That was a beautiful thing.
What do I tell you about feeler and feely and all that crap?
I don't understand how come nobody got fired yet.
Is that possible?
And I'm out of touch out of the loop?
Yes.
Aren't you shocked that if the wants that era continues, something we don't know.
There must be something going on.
It hasn't gotten announced yet, but it's got to be.
What was all that that we're back to that crap again?
Was that on your end or mine?
To talk about it.
No, it's on my end.
That's the phone thing.
Anyway, here's the bad news.
Psycho star Janet Lee dies at 77.
Oh my god.
Nobody don't like Janet Lee, right?
What you call her a psycho?
Because she's dead and she can't fight back.
Hollywood movie star Janet Lee, the best known as the slasher victim in the 60 Alfred
Hitchcock thriller cycle, has died.
A spokesman for a daughter actress Jamie Lee Curtis said yesterday.
Today Jamie Lee died peacefully in her home Sunday afternoon.
Jamie Lee.
So what I said, Jamie Lee is dead.
Boy, they're dropping like flies.
It's a great lead into our pool today.
Janet Lee, that's what I said.
I saw that gaslight.
I don't know Charles Boya either peacefully died in her home Sunday afternoon.
So the spokeswoman Heidi Schaefer, Lee 77 died in her Beverly Hills home surrounded
by daughters Jamie Lee and Kelly Curtis.
And her fourth husband Robert Branch Schaefer said Lee had been battling vasculitis and
inflammation of the blood vessels for a year.
What the hell is vasculitis?
Didn't you just say it?
I love inflammation of the blood vessels.
I never heard of that.
Lee Murray, Brent 1962, actor, love the emerged, director Tony Curtis.
Better than actress J.
Sorry.
Boy, you are just out of control.
That copy.
That's the top day following the year long battle.
Man, oh man.
Just hit him out of that baseball bat in the corner.
There we go, please, John.
God.
In fact, I just lay back and let you do it today.
You sound like you're all wound up.
Yeah, I'm all bound up.
Yeah, I don't know anymore.
In addition to psycho, Lee appeared in other films such as The Manchurian Candidate,
Bye Bye, Birdie, Little Women, Toward a Touch of Evil.
More recently, she appeared in Halloween age 20, 20 years later.
Well, that's right.
That was the one with the what's his name?
John Schuh Hartnett.
Okay.
With daughter Jamie Lee.
Lee had requested that all donations are named be made of the Motion Picture Intelligence Foundation
with which she had been actively involved.
Lee's publicist, John Fraser, said the actress served on the board and directors for the
fund which provides healthcare medical treatment of those who work in the entertainment industry.
She was not only a legendary actress, but she was also an author and a humanitarian Fraser
said.
Nobody didn't like Janet Lee, especially what she got slashed there.
She was very famous for that.
We'll be in she was in it for about how many minutes?
How many seconds?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah.
She went to the Bates Motel and that was the end of her.
Anyway, so Janet Lee is dead.
We're not going to put her on our poll list today because she's going to get lots and lots
who's just there on CNN just now.
We're going to talk about it every day just to make sure you don't forget.
Okay, here's the poll results from on Friday.
What's your take on the first presidential debate?
Three thousand and fifty votes.
Carry one big, nineteen hundred and seventy eight, sixty four point eight percent.
Carry one by a bit, three hundred and sixteen.
You put that's ten point three.
You put those two together, got over seventy five percent.
And actually that's not one of the, but CNN did another instant poll online.
We'll flip this creek yesterday or over the weekend.
You know what the result was?
I give up.
Carry ninety three percent, book seven.
Callies.
You see the bandwagon effect of it works.
Good.
In other words, the people are too stupid to figure out who really one who is coherent
and who is actually articulate.
They owe everybody else's carry ones so they must be right, which of course they are.
But I mean, it's amazing.
Anyway, I didn't watch hundred seventy nine, five point eight percent.
The format made it useless, hundred and sixty five, five point four percent, which is
totally wrong.
They both sucked hundred and twenty six, four point one percent of sour, sour negative,
that those people.
Bush won big ninety five, three point one percent of people who are on heavy hallucinogens.
I don't give a shmit eighty seven, two point eight percent.
Bush won by a bit.
Sure he did fifty four, one point seven percent.
So you add the carry numbers together, you got more than seventy five percent.
And you got the Bush numbers together, you got four point eight percent.
Pretty close.
Just kind of like the Adolf and Patriot game will be next Sunday.
And it was a draw, only fifty one point six percent.
We're stupid enough to say it was a draw.
They probably couldn't even draw a picture of it.
Now, let's see, we can actually do things in order today.
Honey, like that, we're not like so stressed and pressed for time.
Right.
Like we usually are.
In fact, look at that schedule we got today.
Mad Dog at two, the Humper is back at four.
From his ex-boyfriend in New York with a horse racing and plunging his guts out.
Gildy, who's on the payroll, so he might as well make him do something.
He's doing a show at Smokey Bones at seven tonight.
You'll gild my son.
I'll obey any kid ten.
So I guess we got the big some days, certain days, and then we got the on other days.
And that's seven o'clock slot as they try to like make, make him work for a supper.
Jacqueline Lavel is on our B Decurten today.
Where's it level?
I have no idea, really.
Really?
So you're getting.
I think it's level.
Jacqueline, I'll level with it.
I'll level with it level with me.
She was born December, 1974, which makes her.
In December, in Beverly Hills, let's see, she's been in the Pink Panther 2005 post-production
of Miss Congeniality.
Also it still hasn't come out.
She was in Rod Steel, 0014.
You only live until you die.
Click the body beautiful.
Women are the night.
A lot of freaky distance from beyond.
Channel Island Girls, Wild Desire, The Killer Eye, The Black Sea.
She's also a known as Sarasaint James and also known as Andy McPherson.
She goes by a lot of names.
If she does a lot of things.
The Killer Sea, Black Sea 213, The Keta Sex, The Plank, Playscall Truth, Freshman Class,
Captured on Camera, Click, Ramswood, Bick, Girls of Surrender Cinema.
Hidious, I'm watching you, a lowly to 2000, Sex Lives in Politics.
I just so many in here.
It's just exotic house of wax.
Huh?
Yeah, she's waxing.
She was in the nude bowling party.
And then there's actually one here that I can't read the name of on the ear.
Oh no, she was a football fan and forced dumped.
Did you know that?
No.
How do you like that?
You learn something every day.
So she was all over the place.
There she is.
Jacqueline Lava was pretty nice picture.
They're pretty amazing.
Yes, she's bowling your kiss.
Yes, she really is.
At any rate, just moving right along.
Here's all and more bad news from Iraq.
I just mentioned this in passing.
We got to do both breaks, right?
This half hour, yes.
Please say yes.
Yes.
OK, are you eating already?
Yes.
What?
Cuban sandwich from Howie's.
Thanks to Howie's.
You love Howie's profusely darn 441 there.
Somewhere there.
What's the address?
We're 2430 South State Road 7.
Howie's is great.
The best bacon in town, the best stuff, all kinds of good stuff.
Bomb blast, leave more dead and Baghdad.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Two bomb blasts, your central Baghdad today already killing at least 14 people of wounding
90 more.
Why do you ask that Iraqi forces pursue their offensive against rebel stronghold elsewhere
in the country?
I'll be damned.
Thought that President take hold of things are going just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
In Iraq, everything was under control.
They're going to have those wonderful free democratic elections in January.
It's going to be great.
18 to 11 at 560 WDQM, guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all
your financing needs.
If you're a first time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out, they're
your best choice by far.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service.
It's not only their promise, it is their guaranteed to you.
Call them today, toll free at 1-800-734-6616.
Because if guaranteed mortgage bankers, they're goal is to build a lifelong relationship
with their customers, which is exactly what they did with a couple of moved here from
New Jersey, hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they fell in love with.
Now the couple hadn't been in South Florida more than a week.
They had very little money to put down, wanted to close in just 10 days and guess what?
Guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close on time.
They were able to give them 95% financing at the unbelievable rate of 5.95%.
And listen to this, guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of their clients on a fabulous
seven-night cruise, which is their way of saying thank you for choosing them.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers, no loans are too big or too small, whether you have bad credit
or credit or the worst, whatever.
The work with it, it gets you the loan you need.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers column 2-day 1-800-734-6616.
That's 1-800-734-6616.
The house, church, meal Rogers, mornings and medics, and,
for some round of clock, for five-six, two-year.
Oh.
No, Fendini is a duck.
Oh!
Welcome to another hilarious episode of George Bush Theatre.
I think you're like rain without the mask in.
George plays rain man.
Rain, what were you doing in my room?
I, I, I believe.
Rain, what were you doing in my room?
I don't know.
You don't know what you were doing in my room.
And, uh, and, uh, for noises.
Well, those noises are none of your business.
You understand that?
I understand now.
Huh?
Uh, put the phone back down, stop back like an idiot.
Go to sleep.
Um, go to sleep!
Stay tuned for the next George Bush Theatre where George plays forest gum.
Go to lunch, George.
1048 at 560 WQM.
Here's our poll today.
We need some help with this one, because I only put three names under the star.
But just, uh, to get the thing going.
Who best fits this description?
A celebrity whose death was least noted.
Okay.
We got Carol O'Connor.
Let's see what we got.
We got some votes on there already.
Eight for Carol O'Connor, five from Arlon Brando, and one for Celia Cruz.
Thank you, Eibler.
Huh?
I mean, wouldn't you have thought that there would be a national day of morning for Celia Cruz?
Practically was.
And Carol O'Connor.
I mean, he just, uh, I'm sorry, but there used to be when somebody famous died, it was
like, uh, you know, they went on and on day after day, and it was like a big deal.
At least, you honored the memory of what they did, you know?
It depends on who it is, like Bob Hope.
I think they're still carrying on.
Well, he sure ain't going to qualify for this poll.
Yeah, exactly.
God, talk about much you do about nothing.
Uh, huh?
At any rate.
So that's the poll question.
Plus, like I said, if you want to like vent about the dolphins, uh, you know, Clarence
will make him happy.
If you want a bitch in Billy.
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Pretty sad.
Anyway, uh, that debate victory by John Kerry has really turned the old ass around.
Correct them.
Right.
With the solid majority of voters concluding that John Kerry outperformed W in the first
presidential debate on Thursday, the president lead the race for the White House as he
evaporated.
According to the latest newsweek pool, Kerry has got 47% 45 for Bush.
I noticed now it's 49 46 as they did more of polling over the weekend.
Now he's three points ahead.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Mm-hmm.
There goes the spaceship.
Now, why do we care about that?
It's a, it's a, it's a money thing.
It's a contest, right?
That's why.
Well, what the hell is that all about?
I thought this was like more exploration of space for good, altruistic purposes.
This is a freaking contest.
Do you see how this guy can get some millions of dollars?
Right.
What kind of baloney is that?
Well, then we can all take a ride on it.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, you, you first.
Okay.
And even.
Yeah, you really need some doggy downers.
Get the whole to your pill, man.
Wait a minute, please.
You are just out of control, man.
And what, what was the coffee from you drinking all from the, uh,
the pee right here in the corner?
VP on a corner, man.
They put the pee and VP.
Re-coffee this morning.
I just stopped there for gas.
They had free coffee.
Yeah.
Guy was walking around saying, Hey,
we'd like some free coffee.
Here's it and they give you the big cup.
Oh, we did.
Boy, did I get some.
President Bush and John Kerry are about even in the latest pool by the right wing.
CNN USA Gallup pool released yesterday.
The pool shows Kerry and Bush tied at 49% each among likely voters among registered voters.
Bush 49, Kerry 47 and Ralph Nader's down to like less than 1%.
Because nobody with the IQ larger than three is.
And today's the last day to register to vote by the way.
We should mention that should we?
Yes, you should.
And the good news is that in the swing states, including Florida,
there's been a last minute surge.
I mean, Ziggians of people are registering to vote because they realize that they better
get with it, right?
Right.
It's interesting.
And the Gallup pool taken before the debate.
He was a Bush was eight points ahead.
Eight points ahead.
And all of a sudden it's even Stephen because America finally had a chance to look at
movement like that.
And that was supposed to be on a strong suit on foreign policy.
Right.
Fighting terrorism and the war in Iraq and all of these other things.
All of these things.
Now this Friday when they have the debate on domestic issues like the economy and
stem cell research and the movements right to choose all these things.
It's really going to be this broad.
I want to course tomorrow night.
John Kerry.
I mean, John Edwards, whatever.
His name is so you got me doing it.
John Edwards is going to slice up Dick Taney tomorrow.
He's just going to always going to do a say halibut in the whole time.
Just going to keep repeating it over and over again.
OK, let's get some more names for this pool.
Plus, as I said, oh, yeah, here's the ideal.
A record surge of potential new voters has swamped
boards of election from Pennsylvania to Oregon.
As the biggest of the crucial swing states reach registration deadlines today.
And a Michael Moore DVD Fahrenheit and 11 comes out tomorrow.
Yeah, October 5th is tomorrow, Robin.
Elections officials have to have added to add staff and equipment,
push well beyond budgets and work around the clock to process the registration.
Remember that song by Bill Haley in the comments, work around the clock.
No.
In Montgomery County, Pennsylvania,
the election staff has been working nice and weekend since the week before Labor Day
to process the crush of registrations.
Today's the deadline for registering new voters in Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Michigan, Florida and 12 other states as election workers will go on mandatory
overtime to chip away at the thousand deforms that they're arriving daily.
They're pouring in the vote was so close four years ago.
People are now thinking, hey, maybe my vote like counts.
I'd Joseph Pasarella, director of voter services in Montgomery County,
I'll grow one Pennsylvania by 205,000 votes in 2000.
And officials across the country report similar patterns.
Everything we're seeing is that there's been a tremendous increase in voter
registration.
So K Maxwell, president of the league of women voters and the reason being
that there's a tremendous disenchantment in the land if he kits my grip.
People are fired up and pissed off.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, I'm in West Palm.
I've been getting a Spanish language station in the background with you guys
for the last few days.
You know anything about it?
No, I don't.
You mean, Fidel is cranked up one of those stations to interview with us now?
Is that it?
I don't know.
I mean, it sounds like a commie pinco plot to me.
Yeah, but heard that from anybody else?
Not yet.
I noticed it like Thursday or Friday during Hank's show.
Right.
And I thought it was a temporary little situation and then it's still doing it.
Oh, well.
I mean, you're here Spanish music.
Well, it makes it kind of tough to listen because it's really good.
Probably a cheap channel cranked up something on our frequency.
Well, thanks for the bad news.
All right, sorry.
And take it by the Teresa LaPore for us.
Okay, we will.
Thanks.
So how do you like that?
There you go again.
Just when we think we got everything going right,
could help crank up one of those stations.
Remember when I was at WNWS 100 years ago,
we had the same problem.
And he cranked up one of those 80s, Zidian, what?
You know, that's pretty interesting.
Did not just have a story on the,
the electricity shortage on the island down there?
Yes, indeed.
Although you know joke about clear channel,
but you know, they've got a lot of Spanish language stations now as you know.
Yeah, that could be.
Maybe they're interfering intentionally to try to like a knockers down.
Ain't going to work.
Okay.
David Ross,
PD Bolger, Rada Wolf, Fink.
I thought that they would do anything like that.
No, they sure wouldn't.
They're two ethical as we know.
W and QA and Hello.
What?
What?
What?
What was it?
Sorry.
Oh, I thought you were going to tell me.
I thought you were going to interpret for me.
Maybe it was an espinoid.
Maybe he's the guy that's got cranked it up.
Maybe he's the crank.
WQA and Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Something that I actually don't think anybody has raised in the debate,
if I may, was Bush's insistence on multi-lateral talks with Korea.
And I was wondering that if that was such a failure with Iraq,
why was it so important to do that with Korea?
And why was it such a stupid idea to do one-on-one?
Like, you know, is it completely inconsistent with one part of the world versus another?
And listen, he's a lot of pressure, man.
Just to rely, just leave kind of some slack.
He's under a lot of stress.
Now that New Yorker's going to lose.
Anybody comments on that?
Because it was really a hallmark of his Korea policy to pursue multi-lateral.
And he's completely rejected that elsewhere in the world.
Well, he's feeling a little eel these days.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
We don't want to like your light bulb radio here today, please.
5.6705.60,
pound 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you do.
What do you think?
WQA and Hello.
And the dolphin, they're in the lost column.
Thanks, Joe.
WQA and Hello.
Always like that, Joe Angel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
All right.
Aren't these dolphins at Joe's, man?
Is this something the laugh of thought?
I got one request from you.
Do you think you could play the dolphin song for me?
No problem.
Thanks a lot.
But you know that was coming anyway.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, you knew that was coming.
I just don't understand these people.
Which dolphin song?
The dolphin.
There's the only one that we, uh,
oh, I got to do it.
Let's play the real one.
What do you say?
Yeah, there you go.
That ought to be good for some laughs.
Here we go.
Miami has to go.
The greatest football team.
We take the ball from goal to goal.
Yeah, that's enough of that crap.
They're an embarrassment.
They're humiliating.
They're degrading.
Their pathetic would be an understatement.
And yet, they seem to be like frozen.
You know what I mean?
Like they're in Wayne is in suspended animation.
You don't know what it is.
Schmidt read 40 bananas.
You don't know what to do.
And even a, even a casual observer,
even George that despises the whole deal.
Could have told you before the season that they got no quarter back.
That they were going to stink like crazy.
That the coach was a joke.
The once that era was a nightmare.
Even you could have told him that.
That's right.
Had hundreds of ways like that.
You know, there's Wayne like picking the pock marks out of his puts
or whatever he's doing.
Man, it is sad.
10, 56 at 5, 60.
Well, of course, some people think it's sad.
Some of us think it's okay when he comes right down to it.
I've been telling you for a long time why you need to shop at 1-800-Matris
when the old mattress is worn out.
And I want to tell you even more.
The Outer mattress is proud to carry right now.
Seely Poster-Petix, the number one branded mattresses,
call 1-800-Matris today and you get factory direct prices on all
Seely Poster-Petix.
When you call 1-800-Matris, you get same data delivery all across town.
By calling 1-800-Matris, you're choosing the deepest and
widest selection Seely betting all available for same data delivery.
And as always, you still get to pick the date and time that
you have to go to our window for delivery to fit your schedule.
And don't forget that Outer mattress shows up on time.
99.7% of the time.
Outer mattress, their rank number one customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau
Local Torts of Excellence Award.
All the smart folks and even the mediocre ones are making that call
because they know they can waste a lot of gas time and effort
slumping the betting and apartments doors to get ripped off.
Or the other alternative is just to sit there on their fat ass
and make the one easy call.
The smartest piece of shopping you'll ever do,
just call 1-800-Matris.
They'll be knocking on your door no time at all.
Check them on the web if you like mattress.com.
But please make that phone call.
You'll never go venture shopping again in those betting and
apartments doors.
1-800-Matris, 1-800-MATTRES.
You want to sit there and eat a little Roger Chris?
It's lucidly on 560-M-M.
Roger, God.
Oh my God.
I'm fine, I know the answer.
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They flop the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami,
you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put them day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster.
And even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000.
Oh sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so.
And rich and there the Miami dolphins.
Oh Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Third man.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I will never win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised.
And there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Daddy two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
Are you sure?
The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than park marks on high zingas.
A good place.
And there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Number.
Oh, what the hell?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Oh,
level 04, 560 WQM.
Happy Monday to it.
Don't get all bed out of shape.
OK, get used to it.
What's wrong with the perfect season?
Now everybody can do that.
Right?
I'm thinking it's 16.
I thought myself that Arizona might be the choice
down their schedule.
Some of they might be able to beat.
And there was on a whip New Orleans.
What was the 3410?
By the way, I made a mistake.
And Josh Corridor should have corrected me.
The dolphins, the elephant field rollout.
They've scored 32 points out 29.
It was 32.
Is what they've scored in four games.
So that's eight points a game on average.
Well, that's the big time.
Right.
That's a touchdown.
And there really is no way to get the other point.
But the touchdown and another extra point.
Well, they could go like for two.
Right?
Right every game.
A touchdown and two point every game.
Just because they know that they're not going to get no more chances.
That's really pathetic.
Though once proud and mighty franchise has been turned
to pure instant kaka.
How once that is still there just beats the hell out of me.
He's just hopeless.
Put together a real dog of a team.
But nevertheless, I don't want to dwell on that.
It'll make clearance happy, though.
We've got to get some other names for this poll for this list.
These people are not going to like do dolphins for four hours
like Clarence wanted that little sports nerd.
Who best fits this description?
A celebrity whose death was least noted.
We did the least trying and crying when they died.
So far, we got as a three names that I put on here
because all these other people want to talk about you know what?
70 votes, Carol O'Connor 44, Marlon Brando 15,
and Celia Cruz only 11 for poor Celia.
Well, let's put that out of the poor.
Spaceship once succeeds in second ex-price flight.
Aren't you excited about that or what?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, big deal.
Line nine QAM.
Hello.
Phil Hartman.
Phil Hartman.
That's a good one.
Good choice.
Thank you.
Have you.
Okay.
No, that's a good choice.
That's a good choice.
I want to change my vote.
We love Phil Hartman.
We did.
And he, uh, you know,
damn.
Crazy pitch.
Yeah, too bad that she didn't let us do it.
Crazy Coke that poor.
I'm sure that we got, uh, yeah we do.
Goodbye Phil Hartman.
Brinded you in and you were a real good guy
that had so much more to give.
But you found me the psychotic bitch.
The drink of finger coffee.
It's.
But the good news is that cheap blue herself away
cause everybody knows that in LA
they let murderers walk every day.
Another last there has died.
Thanks to your psychopitch wife
who had a stupid thing like
Brinded.
And news radio
was a main show except that you were there.
And some characters from the sins and laws
there was in front of that
that your life would have lasted long.
But she left you no choice.
Good thy joy, the floor
that you may know from such films as
the night that the next murder
of a man has a gun
and honey I just blew your head off.
Now Lionel Huts can't get rid off.
She's dead anyway.
Saturday night has fallen further
in the case instead of the reason
you let's anyway.
And it sucks that you die
cause of your psychotic wife
with that stupid name like Brinded.
And the sins will never be the same again.
And assholes like your pastor
preach your thoughts on rides.
It's a good thing she said
cause now they can't defend that bitch
you have for a while.
You know we really have to do something
about all these words that we have to keep deleting here.
It's unacceptable is what it is.
You know it is acceptable.
Every bit that I play it's
you know we got to dump something in there
because some cool comes in there
or like a damn or you know
and now we play these things for how many years now.
About third man.
Oh yeah well Joyce says you can't do this
and you can't say that.
We're peeing in our pants.
That's why we put on Howard Stern
because we're so scared.
I just somewhere there's like
inconsistency in there you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I just don't get it.
But moving right along.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Did you discuss what just Scalia said last week?
About.
He was at a speech.
Yeah but you're talking about orgies?
Yeah.
You had the story out thanks.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How about Bon Eimes?
Very good.
That was the best.
I miss his suboring.
What's better than a live radio show
every morning on TV?
Well just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped him as NBC
from teening up with radio's original bad boy
who now looks like an SD old lady.
Listen Bernie.
I miss.
Hell that intern is coffee sucks.
Yes every morning see I miss
listen to a tape of other people's county bits.
Five on the air.
I did a hammer to bite into this muffin.
Just somebody best press one blade like you.
See his wild behind the scenes addicts.
I also made stupid tie in the eye man.
You are the wallers cook and chew.
Now get me some fresh coffee or you're fired.
I miss.
He's irreverent.
So I want to deal with the poem.
He's topical.
So I want to deal with this water game.
He's in coherent.
I'll tell you why that's a number of
pensions.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
He's I miss.
And he's only on MSNBC.
I cable channel nobody watches
and a bunch of AM radio stations.
Nobody listens to.
And then somebody gets some fresh jingles.
It's Irish.
A dead man the chair man.
He the best.
And I'll tell you I don't know who's the most
annoying whether it's a brother Fred
on the ranch or whether it's a boat diddly
dodly.
Same crap.
Over and over again.
It's just when you think that but all
the and what's your name?
Burn it at Castro.
Oh president pushes go to win.
President Bush is going to win.
President Bush is going to win.
Over your dead body,
Burn it at how do you like that?
Bitch.
Hater WQ and hello.
You know what I hope John Edwards does
in the debates with Chaney.
The key point is that they've been
attacking Kerry for intelligence cuts
and defense cuts during the early
mid 90s.
Dick Chaney when he was secretary of
defense was calling for a 30% spending
in defense.
Third man.
Yeah, by 1996 because of the peace
dividend and the cold war was over.
And Chaney was saying when the
Democrat control congress when he was
secretary of defense,
he was complaining about all the military
spending and the F-14s and the B-2
bombers they didn't need.
And now the same clown is
Chrome dome clown is attacking
Kerry for cutting defense and he was
calling for even bigger cuts than
John Kerry.
Just wait Pallies.
Edwards is going to slice him
to Smitha Reigns tomorrow.
He has to man because Kerry kind of
left he didn't go after Bush on
certain things most notably that 87
billion when Kerry did vote for the
first bill and all the Republicans
in the Senate except one voted
against the first bill for the 87
billion.
Yeah, but don't worry.
You know, when you only have a
30 second rebuttal how much you're
going to say you know he I thought
he gave a really good answer about
how he may have may have misbroken
about his vote.
He made a mistake on how he spoke
about the war but Bush is the one
who started and invaded Iraq.
What's worse?
That was never a good line.
He invaded yeah he into the I mean Bush
rushing the war is for the proof that
he sent them there without the body
armor to begin with.
Well, he covered that he did a good
job on it.
All right now.
Have a great day Pallie.
Calm down a little bit a little bit
too hyper for a Monday now.
I realize the dolphins lost in an
addition which Kerry I mean look at
all the ground he made up with the
one debate just in the one debate.
It was a complete turnaround.
Backed him in just a couple of days.
So it goes to Shoe.
There are a few people out there that
got an IQ larger than their toenail.
Things are starting to turn a little
bit as the warms squirms.
This got one ten million dollars for
this the ex prize after a second
flight.
Well, whoopsy do aren't you excited
about that?
Yeah.
I am.
Did he cure cancer?
No.
Did he cure like leukemia?
No.
All right.
All these things.
No.
More important than that.
Oh I see.
I sway off this berg.
He went up real high and real fast.
Uh huh.
Well if you want to get up real high
and get real high real fast just go
to the BP I guess get some of the
free coffee.
1113 at 560 QA.
Do you want to know more about
following a low carb diet?
You want the best tasting
largest selection of delicious
low carb foods at the best price?
Then here's the story.
You're going to fall in love with
the lights of Westboker.
Whether you're starting or restarting
any of the low carb diets, the
Actkins, the Sugar Busters,
the South Beach, any of these.
The lights of Westboker
continues to be the number one
low carb store in the entire
South Florida area.
We know that you can shop
your local grocery store but if you
want a better selection.
If you want to be able to try
sample anything in the store
before you buy it.
And if you want to do business
with people that understand
low carb dieting inside and out.
This is the place you're going to
love shopping like I said.
The lights of Westboker
your low carb headquarters.
You'll find over 1200
great products like
Carbohlite ice cream,
breads, pasta,
chocolates, brownies,
cookies and lots more.
The lights is open every day.
Seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the
northeast corner of Glades in
441 right next to Boston Market.
Our column tool free at 1-877-
low carb-LOW-W-C-A-R-B
around weblocarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one
but what a story it is.
The lights of Westboker
are official at
Ken's retail center.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
And exclusive
on 560-50-
Q-A-M
A
stench of palminor
covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Then the yellow hearted yellow gas
six takes that cute roll.
You can lag time attack
this and next lower middle one.
Then the shonda
makes it
clarity for my cut
extreme
now
then
chlorosypic
capacity
oval key
Germany
Benz
Aboshima
DJ
Chelsea
My doll
Hick
with Queen
and
Hester
Louis
Let's recall
the
past
burp
drum
and abuse
of
Hedema
and
Barry
Yuck
Momm
O
B
L
Shok
and
L
L
L
L
L
L
K
Can
O
W
N
D
D
D
E
Z
R
K
K
G
G
G
G
G
G
G
G
G
G
G
Don't
Does he
Entire
Don't
What
With the
N
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
You've
Or
The
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
Sens....
S
X
D
D
D
S
D
Go
Think it's all afroa
Ha ha ha ha
For names at the drugstore
Yo yo yo yo yo
Why do they think it's black?
You give the kids those dumb names
With all the names that they'll find me
At the corner of Walgreens
I love you, I understand
I love you, I understand
My favorite
We need looking for something fancy
My favorite one of Walgreens
Well I didn't want to step on it
It was Plexico Burris, the Pittsburgh Steelers
Plexico
Plexico
Yeah
You know where he gets his gas?
No
Plexico
I mean what is that? Plexico Burris
What kind of a name is that?
I mean I am hip or x-ray hip or I be a hip or whatever that one
That was pretty good
Mm-hmm
But Plexico, I mean
Give me a break, cracker please
567, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the Verizon's singular wireless line
See Phil Hartman, that was exactly right
That was perfect, that was so good it was scary
Indeed
Because that is the definitive kind of answer for the poll we're asking
Who best fits this description?
The celebrity who's death was least noted
In other words they died and like you know nobody even paid any attention
They didn't give a big saw in the dance like Bob Freak and Hope
WQA and hello
Jan Dary and Freaky Lyman, put them both on there
Hahaha
Wow
I guess that is
We're not putting no Frankie Lyman, Jan Berry is a good one though from Jan and Dean
They say off key real well for a long time, all of them surfing songs
Mm-hmm
Ripped off all of Brian Wilson's music
Jan Berry, I like that
Now wasn't he, see I get them confused
Wasn't he the one that was like kind of a vegetable after that Corvette wreck years ago
I don't know
Yeah he was
You better get your Jan and Dean straight now, I'm sure the number is gonna come near your ass
WQA and hello
Hello
Yes sir
The olive oil John Candy
There's another excellent one perfect, thanks pali
You're on candy
Too much candy for John
Nobody, you know he was Canadian, eh
That's right, I did that
Did you know that?
Of course, that's the TV, all the SCTV guys are
I think we're gonna do that tomorrow, I like that poll
Your favorite Canadian celebrity of all time
Performer celebrity any kind?
Right, anybody
Singer, musician, right besides Ann Marie and the Soviet Union
Hey, listen, nobody's perfect, eh?
Look, we got under a lot of stress, we got no hockey going on
Sam, it
Leafs TV's got a lot of fishing shows on there now
And by the way, I can mention now, it's just odd on me because I see that the Denise Pothan
is hosting on the Fox Sports or whatever it all is
Instead of the Panther games, which there aren't any
He's hosting this thing with a show on the greatest games of Panther history
Denise Pothan
Well now that Rimmers in Columbus and safely escaped from it
Denise, I want the whole world to know how much Rimmers hated him like poison
And wishes something evil would happen to a Pothan, I just, just passing that along
Couldn't say it all these years, you know
But now I can safely say that, hey, D-
Hello
Hey there
How you doing?
Just fine
I want to put the real Mohaward on the pole
Oh, the real Mohaward
The real one
Okay, as opposed to
D-
D-
D-
D-
Exactly
And also, we're in the Redlands and we're getting the Spanish Radio feedback
on our Radio 2
Oh no, I'm 560, huh?
Yes, sir
And how bad is it?
Pretty bad
Really?
Yeah
Well, how come our student engineering staff hasn't been aware of this year?
Well, I don't know why your student engineering staff hasn't been aware of it
But I want to make them aware of it
On freaking believable, thanks for the bad news
Okay, and get rid of how to do it and get carry in there
All right, working on it feverishly
Don't forget today's last day to register, don't be screwing around
Okay, get with it
Drag a few dark folks with you while you're at it
So that's the bad news now
This is like dizzy all over again
How about Lucille Ball?
There you go, well they made a big deal out of her
Did they?
Yeah, they did
For a long time, they were all living this for a long time
They've been deserved it by you, but
No, no, but you're right
I'm just checking, what about Desi Arnez?
Now there's one that they did not
The inventor of the sitcom
Right
That three-stage set that he designed, the Babaloo
One is that my phone in the other room is ringing off the hook
I picked during the break I went out there and there's a message from a place that wanted to cater
Thanksgiving dinner which I'm not the least but interested
You do understand, thanks, give me this next Monday
Canadian Thanksgiving
Y'all
And it just, it's starting to get just like Florida now
With all these unsolicited calls and all this other crap going on
The facts is I finally stopped because you have to
It took about 15 different times. What's that?
Did you hear that?
No
There are just all kinds of phones
Speaking of the facts is
Yeah, from the facts machine
We got Alex Guinness
That's a good one and Ray Charles from John and South Dakota
Oh and Ray Charles, my god, they gave that a look at a Schmier pull Ray Charls
I mean, what I say
Joja
Ray Charles was so great for so long
Not a way and
An honor for that. See we got something in honor of just about anybody. We got
A
And they got no butterball you pick the white one baby
You
Wait
You know when it's wide you just got the face
You got the white one baby
You got the white
You
You
One
Uh
You're a sneaker
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
We're about ten years too late
Yeah, that's when things were great
When thing was present then
Okay, what's innocent
But we can still see friends
And keep us in but it
Really had an internet
And there was no
They heard about
Once we was always in the black
We still care about Madonna
And not about sneaker tags
And all that great music
Yeah, you could take your pick
Like a wizard from God
No cell phones
No ringtone
No
I thought this play Oasis
Or hoody
That brandy was a cutie
There was the land
It's for a set
And Julius went from love
And the functions
Were smashing the field
Stratio cash in
But nothing
White feels right since
1919
1994
1994
You know, we're riots
And with deep
They beat the pants up printing
We still had some easers
But also, there was
Weasering weed
And so beaten
Be hoggins
And she was good for dogging
I wonder if she's her
My past
1919
1995
No
It's 1130 at 560 WDQN
Which used to be able to hear
And Dave and Broward
And know evidently
And even in Palm Beach
And that kind of like
Disconcerting news
Because I've been through this before
And when he cranks up those
Monsters man
We're like a half a million watts
It's just
You know, we're not
That we don't have enough
Signal problems already
So anybody
Huh?
What do you can do?
So does anybody come rushing in there saying
Oh gee, we got a single problem
What's it all about?
No
I'm sorry.
I thought that was a rhetorical question
And fix it hasn't come back in here to fix the facts
Machine has been broken down here on your end
And the full line for days and days and days
No
Oh brother
What a freaking placement
Let's have some more meetings
What do you say?
Okay, we don't want to get anything fixed
Or get things going
Or get people their money on time
But let's just have some more meetings
Alex says
How about John Ritter?
John Ritter is a good choice
Even though I couldn't stand John Ritter
But I that's that's right up your alley
I don't know
I thought they made kind of a big simmiss about that
But it's okay
It's okay
But it's innocent
It's never the last
Okay, they shouldn't add like a John Ritter week
Everybody should have had a week off from work
Including the dolphins
They've taken four weeks off
And are they going to start
Okay, 158 votes
Poll question
Who bets bet bet's fits this description
Celebrity whose death was least noted
Carol O'Connor 72
Marlon Brando 22
Cilla Cruz 18
Phil Hartman 17
Moe Howard the real one 11
Not any of you I'm an idiot
Absolutely
John Candy 7
Alliguin is five
Jan Berry 5
Rachel's one and Desiree Nes
He's got the big
Come on now
Babaloo
Babaloo
What's wrong with you people
And Ken O'Rachmanus
Speaking of that
Yeah
F***
Yeah, why do people call me in the middle of my show
And they know that I'm on the year
I mean how is it possible to be so stupid
Maybe they don't know
No, they do know they should know
I'm talking about like my financial advisor guide
On there who like oh brother
Well, what is wrong with with these people
I'm on the air doing a show okay Bill
I'm on till two o'clock like every day just about
Now that the summer is over you silly goose you
What is I just don't understand people
I don't know
Flock's news polls reporter's item
With fake carry quotes
See this is Fox News for you
Unfair unbalanced
Absolutely
Unfeelable
Fox News Apologize Friday for posting
Fony quotes from Democratic presidential candidate
John Kerry on its website
Carl Cameron
A Fox reporter who covers the Kerry campaign
wrote an item that looked like a news story
With made up carry quotes at Paul Shure
A Fox spokesman
The item was not intended to be posted on the site
Right
Carl made a stupid mistake
Which he regrets sure said Friday night
And he's been reprimanded for his laps in judgment
Was a poor-tented humor
The Fony item posted early Friday read in part
Rallying supporters in Tampa Friday
Kerry played up his performance in 30 nights debate in which many observers agreed
The message who's its senator outperformed the president
Didn't my nails and cuticles look great what a good debate
Kerry said Friday
With a foreign policy debate in the history books
Kerry hopes to keep the pressure on in the sense of traction going
All these are made up
Aides A Hill step up attacks on the president the next few days
And pivots somewhat to the domestic agenda
With a focus on women and abortion rights
It's about the Supreme Court women should like me
I do manicures Kerry said
The item also quoted Kerry as saying of himself and president Bush
I'm metro-sexual he's a cowboy
After withdrawing the item Fox posted a statement on its website
Apologizing for the error it said
The item was based on a reporter's partial script
That have been written in jest and should not have been posted or broadcast
We regret the error which occurred because of fatigue and bad judgment
Not malice
Oh certainly there'd be no malice from Fox news
No, no
Cameron has been a political reporter for Fox since 1996
Asked about the incident
Kerry spokesman David Wade said
America would be strong with only George Bush could have missed his mistakes as easily
Oh how do you like that
Here's the thing from move on.org
Did you get this?
I get everything
Move on pack members and sunrise plantation and Tamarack
Are I invited tomorrow night to cheer on John
In words as he takes on dick cheney
Well, there's a lot of flab there to slice into about 280 pounds of it I bet
In the vice presidential debate and learn what we can do on the ground to help beat the Bush cheney ticket
Tomorrow night 8 p.m. at Scott Hodges House
I don't know if I want to give this out on the air do I?
Well, I don't know why not
It's Scott Hodges House
I mean I don't know
I don't know either
Well if you're move on.org person
Right
I mean you're going to get this anyway
Don't go
No, no, I just don't feel comfortable giving up to addresses and phone numbers
I mean even though it's on the web you know it's on the move on.org
They're very reputable. You know to go to move on.org and read all about it
Like Johnny in the filip more spots you say read all about it
Why did you say that? I'm not really sure. I know what was the news tape boy. No
Well, he was like holding up a thing in filip moris. It tastes great and lucky strike means fine to back all
All those other things back when we had cigarette commercials on here. They really were great really
I got book a bride and gave me a DVD of some
All the Salem and Newport spots with a beautiful young couples. You know
You're gonna be glamorous and get laid a lot if you just smoke Newport and Salem
Right
And don't forget pop his vitamins too. Watch your two with that coffee from BP
I'm really over there. That that thing with it the signal problem again
I'm not prepared to go through all of that over again. Oh please
Oh, please what? I think you're gonna have to like pay us for just laying on just let the Spanish thing go
Hey, probably get a 30-year in Miami
WQA and hello not there on line three shame on you you have to be a little bit patient
Okay, we got a lot of fish to fry here baby and if you talk real nice to us
We won't let you have some might send you some in a bag. We're like an avest like look a broughtseys
WQA and hello
Okay
Okay, good. Thanks for the good news. I got a bigger ass WQA and hello
Neil yes sir. Hey
EZ
What is it easy?
EZE is a rapper from the west coast we should write with Dr. Drain
Dr. Drain, yeah, after the start typing Josh. Okay, get with it easy. E
Yeah, what's wrong with you man? Yo, yeah, yo, yo, yeah, get with it
It's wrong with you
God almighty we got some dollars or what
Ah
Exactly
567 05 60 pound
60 on the horizon and singular wireless line. They're under a lot of pressure there
Don't you understand the dolphins are cave it in?
Yeah, Orleans didn't make them playoffs the Panthers aren't playing at all. Well, let's be a pressure all on hockey fans then yeah
God almighty
Wife and of course right on the heels of all that hurricane stuff, man
It just it's just never let's up does it?
The crack just keeps on coming
Dominic Q.A. him. Hello some of us. Yeah, I want the dolphins tickets for an occasion. You want them back?
All right, that's bad
Yeah, wait wait till we have the next stop and ticket giveaway thing, okay
The only thing that's gonna get scalped is the guy whoever's given it away
That is a joke anybody want to and look to me like a whole bunch like thousands of people disguised as empty orange seats in the
P.P. Park yesterday
I watch most of that game I got a chance. We're in team colored punches
So you want to think about the Patriots? I mean we didn't play very good yesterday
Play where off our feed for Darren sure even Tommy Brady was a little bit off his game
But never less still kicks and Buffalo ash down there in orchard park
So when you're not playing your best, you can still escape with a pretty convincing victory
And when Drew blood bread a blood so is doing his best J.Feedler imitation from Linda ball putting it on the ground
Oh, you know, we're okay
And then you watch that dolphin game afterward
You think holy cow. This is unbelievable
Freaking honest unacceptable is what it is and I fully expected to check on a website this morning
Sun sentle Miami-Herald they've once that fired Wayne promises total reorganization. I think we just need to bring Danny boy back. Oh
Yeah
Just making the figurehead. Oh, look at that a book about judge or clearance token Thomas. Do you see that?
Yeah, both surprise at the issue of who would be the next president isn't coming oh man. Yeah
I don't understand why they're not talking about that
That's a good point finally that you made after all these years is that
The next president's gonna pick up probably three supreme court justices and the whole balance of what's gonna happen on these
Supremes if they got bushing there again another four years
You're not gonna have any more row versus Wade nobody's gonna have any rights except rich or fundamentalist white folks
And that's gonna be the end of America's used to know it. That'll be it
Not that I want to get you nervous. Don't forget today's last day to register to vote
WDQA and hello
You know, yes sir two comments yes
On the pole credits Farley and it would be great to see the dolphins wearing some pink two-toes because they play like a bunch of panties
Okay, thank you. Thank you so much
Goodbye Chris Farley
You great big fatty always acting like a great big fat dumb retard
In every film you've ever made
Too bad for David's fate
His career could fade cause
All he has left is that label TV show he won't be making bloody movies no more
And she wants it to be just like John Belushi and have John who has these truths
Finally made it
But we're not too careful what you wish
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night
But you were way too young to die to commit that man suicide
I'm tired of here
Good bye Chris Farley
What did you eat to
Blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certain
The farmers are upset
And all you left was some cable movies and a few pairs of your pants that will fail to make community pools
And you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have John have these truths
You finally made it
But we're not too careful what you wish
Your basket can hold a piano that sticks to your white
Now you reach the pizza in the sky
You got so fat you die
I'm tired of here
You're listening to Neil Roger exclusive lady on 516
Yankee baby
Okay
Oh
Hey there we go
Hey y'all my name is Lance from Eugene Thomas
Friends of bushes nominee for this supreme court
And you know there's lots of people's that daddy think just cause
I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college
And it wasn't nothing but a pinjoy
Yeah maybe a cigar sander I know remember y'all
Didn't they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme court
Yeah I got to much let's do this quick and get out of here
I want to sit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law
I don't just review the law
Here y'all I'll be talking
And I talk it to the east and I talk it to the west
And I talk it why I look up sandal kind of as best
Oh dry I'll be talking
Let's go bird one y'all
1145 at 560 WQM I must be so psychic that I'd be doing my own
Shoe Griffin show yeah we wasn't just talking about a few minutes ago about telemarketers
And about these pan and he has calls and it's getting as bad you know
And I'm turns out wasn't a telemarker at any rate with somebody shouldn't know better
And just in only moments ago during the break
The US supreme court seems on there that actually makes some sense
See what I'm saying I didn't know other people would catch you on to what I was talking about
Would call in and say well how about the Albert Einstein you know stuff like that
Who best fits the description celebrity whose death was least noted
Carol O'Connor 88 that was my vote
Very unfair should have had like a week of uh Carol O'Connor crying and gnashing of teeth right
All in the family reruns what we already got those
Carol O'Connor 88 Moe Howard the real
Oh he died
29 I'm telling you one thing with those games that he's got to call this year
He's gonna be done. He was probably rooting for the jets anyway. Yes they don't so think
We know it in Marlon Brando 26. We know his family was Marlon Brando 26 Phil Harman 23
Celia cruises got 20
Come on just a little tiny bit of Celia
Uh Jan Berry 13 of Jan and Dean fame Alliguinus 10 and the bridge on the river Kwa
What else did Alex and Aguinus do he's best remember for that but he was a great actor
Star Wars baby. Oh yeah, oh man am I losing under what yeah, well I didn't have the coffee like you did
Ray Charles nine
Well, it's you know that that shows a generation gap right there
That's probably the echo boomers that are thinking Star Wars but I watched both of them so there you go
Right Ray Charles nine John Candy nine easy E all right three three for easy E
Busy on S's got three and Chris Farley and John Ritter both have so far the big
Yeah, I mean John Ritter I think they and went overboard. I don't even know why I let that go on there, but that's okay
233 vote. I didn't like him either but apparently he was a very nice guy
Was he really what did everybody said everybody that were oh I've got one for you. Yeah
Even though you're not gonna agree. Yeah
Just having watched his biography again the other night on the biography channel
Dave Thomas
Why would I agree? I don't know because there was a big there was a big hoopla about that for like an hour after we died
You know Tony cigarette oh said this and a lot of people in self-fotus have great things because he was a great guy yes he was but
I mean Dave Thomas was
An institution he wasn't just a wendy spokesman. He was like one of the biggest commercial us spokesman
They'll argue it for me right
Dave Thomas and he can put Wendy's in parentheses so they know who we're talking about because a lot of people
You know they would recognize his fat face there on TV you see that quadruple bypass
That was probably the beginning of the end for Dave unfortunately
Now well should have been hit too many of those fatty burgers man. I love Wendy's don't get me wrong
I would never knock Wendy's at all
Especially when they give you the right order at the window, which is not becoming a certain parts of town boy
My love Wendy's their food is juicy and delicious and fresh like I said when it has been sitting around
Did I mention Rick Christian today?
I will say not on the air I told you before the show I had last night Ruth Chris and they helped him hotel downtown
Toronto probably the best meal I've ever had in my life and I've eaten a
Ruth Chris how many times?
3rd man a lot more than that
That's just the times I've paid for the rumors. Oh by the way, they're not here. What a shame
But anyway head Ruth Chris and I had the best steak of ribeye without the butter see if you want
Of those people it's got like a sensitive stomach like I do with certain things the irritable bowel all that and don't want to go running to the magic room
You just I'm hold the butter because they brought the station butter and this one didn't need the butter was so juicy and so tasty and so tender. Oh
man
That piece of meat was so unbelievable
Ed boycock doesn't they to Texas editor who endorsed Kerry
The editor of the Crawford Texas weekly that builds itself as president bushes hometown newspaper says
He has no regrets about endorsing Bush's democratic opponents John Kerry even after dozen
Doesn't businesses pull their ads from public the publication see that's the way they do it right they use their advertising money to like you know pressure people politically
Which is a polygraph I do it again
I do it again Leon Smith publisher the Lone Star iconoclast told a wake-o-tribune hero the near-states evisitions
The iconoclast which endorsed Bush in 2000 said it now supports the Democrat because of this illusion with the war and bushes actions on social security
The economy and other issues and editorial dated September 29th accuses the president having a smoke screened agenda and leading the west into a
Kragmari in Iraq on flimsy pretense is when it's pretty perspicuous on their part. He's got a summarize on it
The newspaper with a circulation of 425 has become a scarce and copies have shown up on the eBay online auction site
Business leaders and bushes adopted hometown of 725 residents about 20 miles west of wake-o-say
They support the president their critical of the upstart newspaper. I think what's his name Leon Smith is entitled was on opinion said to Kimarton
Employee at the coffee station convenience store in cafe where but sometimes stops during stasis at his ranch
Unfortunately is opinion heard a lot of feelings around here bushes are neighbor y'all
And they're pissed off and fired up down here and Crawford
How many dreary that's what they're saying like in wake-o
Cuba policies have some rethinking their support for presidents as today's son sentinel. How do you like that? Oh my god
Like many Cuban-Americans Alex Pezone
Another peasant of ontano doubt
Alex Pezone has been a star for the public in most of his adult life
Pezone of Lake worth has voted to put George Herbert Walker Bush Bob Dull and George W. Bush in the White House this time
Pezone is committed voting for democratic nominee John Kerry because he blames both for keeping him separated from his wife
Madel who's in Cuba waiting to come to the US of a
Although president Bush has expected to win a majority of South Florida's Cuban-American vote many Cuban-Americans have increasingly criticized his administration
That could be a problem for Bush who by some estimates one about 80% of the Cuban vote in 2000
Any erosion of that support could be significant since allegedly he won the Florida by 537 in 2000
Once they re-agigred it
The turning point for Pezone who met his wife about three years ago in Cuba married her last year
Was the recent policy that restricts Cuban-Americans to one family visit every three years before the change
Cuban school year once a year without a treasury license and each year
Pezone received permission for additional visits because he thinks the Bush administration's policy is too harsh
Pezone is pinning his hopes on Kerry's promises to allow principled travel to the island
If your mom is in Cuba she's dying of some illness you can't go
Pezone said suppose your wife is having a child you can't go
Life isn't black and white but the law now is like that
The Bush administration's unveiled a series of measures in May following months of pressure from some Cuban-American Republicans who decried what they perceived as a lack of action in
Cuba policy by the Bush administration the new policies designed to cut the flow of US dollars to Cuba's government included
The regulations cutting down on family visits while many Cuban exiles praised the move others in the community protested the action saying they would divide families
Now wait to hear the quotes from the obnoxious Iliana Ross Rosanna-Dana-Latin
We've got to fire up the troops and get them out safe to American US Republican the representative
Iliana Ross the Rosanna-Dana
She got another quote in here too goes on about this poll said that and Sergio Bendixin said this and where's it?
Oh, yeah, here's what she says
Ross Laiton said many Cuban-Americans agree that the new Cuba measures are the right move you see she wouldn't disagree with Bush if he if he
had fought in her face
The challenges for Republicans on election day involving making sure Cuban-Americans votes
You said including logistics such as having it elderly voters to the polls she expects a positive turnout
I wait to hear this this paragraph
I think President Bush is going to be receiving a good wonderful half-e-percentage of the Cuban Exile vote
I think the president's done very well in fulfilling his promises to be exile community huh? What's one?
I
Not a bunch of crap the exile community people like her bitches like Iliana Rosanna-Dana keep perpetuating that whole crap about
You know, all we're just here waiting like a hotel for a few years
Go back when you know what get on your banana boat and go back this exile crap stuff it baby
Stuff away to moon don't try that's right and Iliana even stuff it too crazy idiotic bitch
Dumber than a boxer rocks
I
Thought I want to get worked up about on a Monday. Don't forget today's the last day to register to vote. I just mentioned that in passing
And
I am frail Iliana
Ladies and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe hey
I'm gonna eat the outer
Now in front of this and we've got candid videos of George Bush on front of the mirror preparing for the debate
Sitchani can be president and a faithful Muslim and uh and
The country has had no finer vice president than Saddam Hussein and
They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and other people and either do we
Ha
Abu Abu Gharrab Abu Gharrab
Abu Gharram and uh admitted the dick chaining was an al-Kaeda associate
Stay tuned. There's more inside addition to come and don't forget you left out Abu Gharrab
Known at 560 wq and we got the mad dog Jim Madditch who's gonna be man. He's gonna be scathing today all that
Can you even begin to imagine after yesterday after fork? Okay each week seems to be getting a little bit worse
Oh
Anyway, I hope you're on it too. We got the Humper at 4 Hank Goldberg and Gellie's making a little bit of appearance this week
Having out in m Steve Goldstein at smoky bones at 7 o'clock tonight at a k-10. That's what most said about Kelti thought he had smoky bones
Charles Pete Conrad astronaut America didn't even blink much less shed a tear system factor
Were these coming from uh the other room that just took me the whole break to fax them
Well, why are you doing that? Why can't you just uh you could read these? Well of course you're all hooked up from that damn coffee
Yeah, Edden for a lot of the else says oh, yes
This is a good one julie child
You used to put about a quart of jack Daniels and everything that she cooked she was like uh
A petrified. I'm not talking about scared. I mean like as in the petrified forest pickled pickled is the word all of us watch julie
Child at one time rather not much fanfare when she passed. Please add her to list. Although I think she was like 90 something
Something like that somebody suggests Frank is apple and we concur. Oh
Frank Zappa right how come he was not there already that was my bad
Because we got
But that's enough of that
I don't want you to enjoy sort of upset on a Monday
Here's the facts from the Palm Beach trouble maker which is I've listened to you forever as a good oil two emlister
I'm trying to just believe listen as a new listener to stir and can anyone explain to me what the cracking noise
He keeps playing is and why do they all think it's so funny the number is playing it. I don't know because I don't listen
It says gun anything else Neil anything else see knocking the Howard again. Don't be doing that
Don't be knocking the Stremise during the robin and the Baba Buie and Arnie and all of these people okay
See I'm thinking that maybe it's a cheap channel just thinking out loud. I have no evidence
I'm not accusing although I've been thinking the thing with a Spanish language stuff coming on in the background
Not interfering with five sixty they know that they're gonna take it really deep into the
colon now that we got this award reading lineup
I'm talking about Stern and yours truly and the mad dog in the Humper my god. That's just
Awesome is what that is you know I'm saying absolutely yeah
And not only is that awesome, but of course what also helps is yeah
That can't hurt it
That's what everybody's thinking but don't want to say because it's
Dursing so they probably are like peeing in their pants
So it's wouldn't surprise me if some shenanigans are going on there because castor just got through cutting back on electricity last week
They're cutting back maybe they had to cut that kind of electric to
To funnel all that juice to the 500,000-month station. He's cranked up there on five sixty
They're having rolling browned outs we've been and you may think I'm exaggerating
But when I was on WS news in that episode I'm telling you years ago when he interfered with our signal
They cranked up a half a million watt station because naturally they don't abide by international broadcasper
regulation so there's no limit on 50,000 watts on AM so they you know whenever they feel like it
They want to put some of their propaganda on they crank up half a million watts and you would think if he had any brains
Which he doesn't but you think of all the stations to one interfere with this would be the last one
The anti-boosh voice. I mean didn't it doesn't he hate bush like poison?
Yeah, well he just hates
Not about you. I'm serious. He hates bush the bush mustard like poison
You think they wonder if you go ahead and do it on 940 for crime now that's the wrong one too. Oh, nobody's listen
Although I'll tell you I'm really impressed by Al and that lovely. What's her name again?
Oh, are they gonna make a big impact or what? Are they gonna kick acid this market and the Randy tape?
What's happening before what they once that's the question
That what we want that for
They fire his ass or something like that happens. We'll put it on immediately if not sooner
That's the only kind of dolphin broadcast I'm putting on a year
I mean what one more needs to be said it's just it's a humiliating degrading embarrassment
The fact that he's actually out there bull crap and stonewalling
I mean, what can he say we suck?
We're pathetic when embarrassment where the worst team in the league
We've taken a once mighty franchise and we've turned it just upside down
And of course, you know that crap living in the past how many years ago
With a perfect season in the back-to-back super bowls all of these things
And what are they got now now that got a perfect season that could be like oh and 16
Which is not what the fans head in mind. Oh, I say fans very loosely because like I said, it's a lot of
MTC. I didn't see any rain yesterday
I didn't even see any pigeons in the sky. Look to me like it was a beautiful day
I didn't see too many people there. I mean, yeah, I was a sell-out, but a lot of people that stayed home
And kind of played doing more interesting things like maybe suicide the dolphin fans
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
Which who best fits this description a celebrity whose death was least noted
Carol O'Connor 100 and he's got it wrapped up. I think we got 287 votes
From the bottom junior child of Frank Zappett just went on no votes. Chris Farley's got one
John Readers got two Dave Townes of Wendy's has got a pair. Love Dave Thomas. He was good
Uh Desi Arnes 5 easy e 5 John Candy 9 Rachel's 12 allocator 17 Celia Cruz 21 Jan Berry 22
I'm surprised Jan Berry from Jan and Dean's doing real well
Aren't you surprised? I'm surprised Phil Harman 26 Marlon Brando 28
Yeah, he got hyped up pretty big, but not not not enough though
Not enough clips from the Godfather. You know that's what we needed a lot more
Right
A lot more from that
Probably the attendant American foundation made him stop
Moe Howard the real 137 as in motlery curly and uh
Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh
Him and like I said, Curl O'Connor's got 100
WQM hello
Hey, Dale, how about Bob Keaton
Bob Keaton Captain Kangaroo
Absolutely everybody grew up with Captain Kangaroo
Everybody threw up with Captain Kangaroo and also that guy asked about the duck sound on Howard. Yeah, that's a porn star
That uh he lifted that from one of her movies. He's doing something to somebody. I see making that sound. I see she's ducking
Something like that. I can't really say because Joyce maybe listening right he's ducking or something. It sounds like he's your mediation
Okay, now you having any signal any signal issues on QAM? No, I'm not in Cooper City and I can
fairly hear something in the background, but it doesn't interfere with this show. Oh thank
We're gonna be giant in Cooper City. Thanks. We don't
Okay, sure everything
Bob Keaton, Captain Kangaroo. Do we want to put that in parentheses?
I don't know do whatever you want Josh, you know, it's one of those deals. Okay. I mean they should know who to tell Bob Keaton
Is shouldn't they should
But they might not so just to be on the safe side put Captain Kangaroo on there
Well, I already just put his name. Well, like I said just put Bob Keaton out would be good coming to QAM. Hello
Oh, yeah, I need help please. Yes sir speaking. Oh, hey Neil
Fred Rogers
You don't think they made a big Timothy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right. It was pretty about on a part with the Bob Keaton
I would say about the same. Yeah, I mean then he raised you know half of our listeners, you know that I mean
I certainly remember you know growing up watching
And more so than Sesame Street. Okay, Polly. Thanks. Thank you
On tonight's action news. It's the reason Mr. Rogers had to retire. It's Mr. Rogers the lost episode
Let's have some necklace. I want to show you this tour that I brought. Yeah, it's just a toy, you know
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Put it back in right in there
And Bob it comes
Oh
And what a good feeling
That was fun wasn't
Isn't it fun to pretend things like that?
You can use your fingers on tonight's action news, but I guess you can see it's no secret what a good feeling they gave me
Oh, you're coming and Mr. McKeely's coming
The Abiti was an old pervert, you know, I mean, we'll ever know, but no, we'd ever will
Any guy that dresses up with sneakers and a sweater like that
Hard to get a band right
Wait at 560 WDQM things are gonna look up folks forget about the dolphins. Okay, we got the bigger fish to fry
The Panthers will not lose again this season
prediction
Bet you QA not that anybody would care anyway QAM hello
Okay, I need like I'm gonna make your day. Okay. Okay. I did the TV show on I don't know
CBS maybe fear NBC
And the lovely and delicious Miguel from passions is on it. I don't know if anybody just I don't know if anybody did tell you no
No, it's called desperate housewife. Yeah, in other words, he's
It's a new show. They's got a recurring part in his what you're saying? Well, it's a new show
It's an alo on show on Sunday nights at 9 o'clock. Yeah, I don't remember while I was flipping it then and the TV
I happen to see him like having a little fun with some woman
Bad chested I'll be damn
So I figured that maybe that he probably bailed on the show because he has been on there in a long time
Passing is losing all of the regular characters. We got all these phony baloney people in there and he probably is the off of that show
Well, he went to go chase charity to New York
There you go and then and then what's his name? Alice?
This is not the same Alice it's a different voice right and not just different voice having you seen him
It's a different parts of different actor. We got the which he got shot by
What's your name? Mrs. Walker. Well Mrs. Zalena her name was it's great. It is like so
You know you can you know
They can't find each other in a symbol
You know Louise dies and share it and dies and come back to life. That's right nobody ever dies
And they're support to me. Okay, thanks for the good news paly will set our sights on Miguel
I'm the lovely McGill five six seven oh five sixty. Yeah, the show is really a sucking big time
And nobody has fact me or called I've been asking for days if this guy that played Alistair now
Alistair crane on passions it was the original one before which is why we didn't see the face or the
Any of that for all those for like three years since I've been watching it
That's the only thing that I can think I'm why they're showing the face now again
Maybe this was the original one, but who the hell knows okay? They got bigger fish to fry like the like the fish the dolphins
WQ and hello
Very white nobody even farted when he died. You know, sorry. Okay. Thanks. All right. It was very white
No, I wasn't a big very white fan, but then again all the people out there all the who were in the slush people
I used to listen to the coast
Rest in peace is the coast along what is the coast now? Or is the coast party?
Well, what station coast is still on the coast is still coasting long right how's Johnny dark doing anybody heard from Johnny dark?
Not lately. I'll be damned. That's probably good news. Maybe Johnny
Van Mooston went off to Europe. He was so impressed with it. We just have a deal. We don't play about it. Huh? No, we better not we used to have
Yeah, now that you mention it. There's another one that we can't play anymore. And that's that really breaks my heart
Can I play just a little just a tiny bit?
Johnny dark
Not see that was what that was okay. That's team effort there. No, wait a minute
Okay, oh that was that was great
See I can do these live. I got so much practice now although there was a little bit of the essay of the ass. Yeah
Sorry Joyce. Okay. We'll try to do it a little bit cleaner next time. So to speak rectum nothing like a clean S
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the of a Ryzen and singular wireless lines WQA. I'm hello
Speaking
I beg your pardon?
Is this Leo? Yeah
Leo how are you? Okay
Yeah
Yeah, go ahead Al
I'm sorry. I want you to go to Rau, Julia
Who is it? Rau, Julia. Who's that? Who's that? It's good at us. What was he in? What did he do? He was in
Uh, give me one second. He was in
Yeah, he must have been big. Come on. Yeah, was he doing the part of the door? I think he was a spider one
Orange, Julia says no, I forget about that. Okay
Rau, Julia, get out of here. Speaking of orange, Julia, so I haven't had that in a long time
And they still know they still have orange, Julia surrounded the malls because they got it here. Yeah
They never had it. Of course. I like the strawberry orange, Julia is my favorite. Mm-hmm
I agree
Just like it's like taking a needle and injecting just a pure sugar in your veins sugar water
Fantastic
1213 at 560 WDQM guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs
If you're a first time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out they are your best choice
Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service
It's not only their promise to you. It's their guarantee
So calm today 1 800 734
6616 and guaranteed mortgage bankers their goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers
Which is precisely what they did with a couple of move down to Florida from New Jersey
They hadn't started their new jobs yet, but they didn't find a house that they fell in love with
Cap couple haven't lived in town for more than a week
They had very little money to put down. They wanted to close desperately in 10 days
And the good news is that guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyers needs in order to close on time
And they were able to give them 95% financing at the unbelievable rate
Believe them of just 5.95% and listen to this guaranteed mortgage broker since all of its clients and a fabulous
Seven-night cruise it's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and giving them your business
Guaranteed mortgage bankers no loans are too big or too small and no credit is too bad
Of course, if you have good credit that helps no work with it. It gets you the loan you need guaranteed mortgage bankers
Call them today toll free 1 800 734 6616. That's 1 800 734
66 16
Exclusively
You
Goodbye
You
That's a lot
So don't hey
That is
That's
You're not still alive
That's a cover
I'm gonna make them an offering
Yeah, too late 1218 at 560. You know who else is Canadian Jim Kerry? Yeah, and William Shatner. Yes indeed
I'm compiling the list for him. All right. It's gonna be good pool
560 560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines on a mediocre Monday
It's okay a lot of depression haven't had too many calls. I mean really you know what clerks is
Well, why don't you just do a dolphin show just for us just for once, you know like uh
Thank God he ain't programming this show or have anything to do with the show. He is such a mucklehead
That's all he knows anyway. You know some days he pretends to be like a program director
You know program director junior but then he revert to that crap and that's it
That's his the sum of his entire existence is strictly
man
The sports nerd fraternity we can't stand it. We can't handle it
Go away clearance and get my check on time next time or else
WQAM hello
Nice talking to you WQAM. Hello
QAM
Hey, I got somebody for your poll. Okay Gregory Heinz
Gregory Heinz. I love this ketchup though. Thanks a lot
See yeah
Hianne yes, I guess you know that already we did function from the facts. Why know you do huh? Yes
Are we ahead of facts on it? No, no, uh facts on some other people like Jack Levin
Jack Levin and Rick James
Jack Levin was great especially when he says
That was my favorite yes, that was Jack Levin by the way
I heard it was Jack Lemone is what I heard
You know my favorite Jack Levin movie I give up and that's because of my anti-religious
fanaticism. I was mass appeal very good. Yeah, I hated you was Slavia
That Charles Durning was great in there too. You know Charles Durning thus fat people we got like the fat actors
You know like William Conrad Charles Durning he's great when a stranger calls very underrated movie
You know in that genre wasn't a great movie but of the horror scary thriller kind of movies it was damn good
Have you checked that children what and the other one was Rick James
Rick James. Oh, yeah, well, he just died right
And then we thought out about the how many drugs in his blood?
Okay, Rick James well
He's a little on the freaky side
I'm dying on the hands
WQA and hello Neil yes sir what's up Neil buddy
Listen to me. I got him for your poll all right and I've got a request. Yes
Hanks the anger to us and can I call myself a douchebag?
I was really uh perfect running all the way around by at least yeah
At least you're consistent maybe not good man, but at least consistent Jimmy Carter says still seeking a fair vote in Florida
This is an article he wrote yesterday as a matter of fact
He says after the debacle in Florida four years ago former president Gerald Ford and I were asked to lead a blue ribbon commission to recommend changes
In the American electoral process after months of concerted effort by a dedicated bipartisan group of experts
We presented unanimous recommendations to the president and congress the government responded with the help America vote act of October
2002 unfortunately
Many of the acts keep provisions have not been implemented because of inadequate funding or political disputes
The disturbing fact Jimmy writes is that a repetition of the problems of two thousand now seems likely
Even as many other nations are conducting elections that are internationally certified to be transparent honest and fair
The Carter Center has monitored more than 30 elections all of them held under contentious trouble or dangerous conditions
When I describe these activities either in the U.S. or in foreign forums the almost inevitable questions are
Why don't you observe the election in Florida and how do you explain the serious problems with elections there
The answer to the first question is that we can monitor only about five elections each year and meeting crucial needs and other nations
Our top priority our most recent ones were in Venezuela and Indonesia and that will be in Mozambique a partial answer to the other question is that some basic international requirements for a fair election are missing in Florida
Can I read that sentence again good to place a partial answer the other questions
It's some basic international requirements for a fair election are missing in Florida the most significant of these requirements are a non-partisan
Electrical commission or a trusted and non-partisan official who will be responsible for organizing and conducting the electoral process before
During and after the actual voting takes place although rarely perfect in their objectivity such top administrators are at least subject to public scrutiny and
Responsible for the integrity of their decisions
Florida voting officials approve it to be highly partisan
Brazially violating a basic need for an unbiased and universally trusted authority to manage all elements of the electoral process
He couldn't be thinking of Catherine Harris and Donna in the hood and fat ass governor Jeb Bush could he huh
Uniformity and voting procedures is essential Jimmy says so that all citizens regardless of their social or financial status
Have equal assurance that their votes are cast in the same way and will be tabulated with equal accuracy
Modern technologies already used to make electronic voting possible with accurate almost immediate tabulation and with paper ballot
Print out so that all voters can have confidence in the integrity of the process
There is no reason these proven techniques used over season some US states could not be used in Florida
It was obvious that in 2000 these basic standards were not met in Florida
And there are disturbing signs that once again as we prepare for a presidential election
Some of the states leading officials hold strong political biases that prevent necessary reforms
Four years ago top election official Florida Secretary of State Catherine Harris was also the coach here of the Bush Cheney State campaign committee
The same strong biases become evident in her successor Glenda Hood
I keep calling her what I call her Donna Glenda Hood who was a highly partisan elector for George W. Bush in 2000
Several thousand ballots of African Americans were thrown out in technicalities in 2000
And a fumbling attempt has been made recently to disqualify 22,000 African Americans likely Democrats
But only 61 Hispanics likely Republicans as the legs fell ins
The top election officials also played a leading role in qualifying Ralph Nader as a candidate
Knowing that two thirds of his votes in the previous election came into expensive Al Gore
She's ordered Nader's name be included on absentee ballots even before the state supreme court had ruled on the controversial issue
Florida governor fat ass jab Bush normally a strong supporter of his brother has taken no steps
To correct these departures from principles of fair and equal treatment or to prevent them in the future
It is unconscionable. Let me say it again. It is unconscionable to perpetuate fraudulent or biased electoral practices in any nation
It is especially objectionable among us Americans who prided ourselves on setting a global example for pure democracy
With reforms unlikely at this late stage of the election perhaps the only recourse will be to focus maximum public scrutiny on the suspicious process
In Florida writes Jimmy Carter the suspicious process in Florida. You know what he is he is
Absolutely correct. There's some right on it the old peanut farmer what the whole is he uh, you know
When accounted back when yeah exactly now he's you know
He's learning from his mistakes. I guess so I reckon
In fact, we got more and other story thousands in Florida. Maybe we rejected the polls which we'll get to
All kinds of stuff it lasts that on 60 minutes
They have one of the most insipid idiotic stories. I got some crap on it later about the echo boomers
Those of you people out there especially young people don't don't let them label you run around with screaming don't label me
Don't label me. There are a lot of stories on 60 minutes last night. It seems like they were just doing a bunch of puff crap
Yeah, well, I'm out there a little scared now. Yeah, they're a little bit they're running a scared. It's tragic
So we saw had an interview with Bill Parcell's which is about a much more business on 60 minutes is you know a farting contest on
The today show
Although I might be more entertaining than what's his name with his chemo haircut
26 past noon at five sixty wq. I've been telling you for a very long time
Why if you want to get you a new mattress in a great night sleep for a long time shop at one 800 mattress like I do
Well now I want to take even more
Dialometrist is proud to carry seely posture pt. The number one branded mattresses
Call one 800 mattress today and you get factory direct prices on all seely posture pt.
When you call one 800 mattress you get same data delivery all across south Florida
And by calling that number you'll choose from the deepest and widest selectness
Seely betting all available for same data delivery
And as always you pick the date and time for delivery that to our window when it's convenient for you and your schedule and
Dialometrist shows up on time
99.7% of the time
Dialometrist is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the
Better business bureau local towards an excellent reward
Everybody with a brain even a half of what is called one 800 mattress for the vetting you ought to be doing the same
Don't put a new bed today just pick up that phone make the one easy call if you want to check them on the web
You can do that too macrus.com
But if you call right now you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight
1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES
You're listening to Neil Roger's exclusive lady on 516
Hey
Hey
Stench of power manure covers over this performance by the golf team
For the mother who can you turn to
To make a weapon from an old T-School
I know you're not
I'm tight but you're gonna make me
You have to use an open toilet to feed
Father you got your number
They're gonna slam the doors
Father just wear your numbers
5157155
Oh
517155
Oh
517155
517155
Mother mother your career is screwed
Here you don't know it's gonna get traded
For a cart in the small spanner gang tattoo
You tried your litigation but the judge said you lose
Father you got your number
They're gonna slam the doors
Oh
You don't
517155
Oh
517155
517155
And
517155
So 33 27 1 0 5 60 G in cool springs faction says the cracking sound and how it turns radio show is supposed to
A parody of the time duck quack and Don I miss his radio show as well as an inside Pornostar radio joke
If you're a stoner file, this is supposed to be hilarious as it is a dirty joke and at the same time
A slam at I miss who's certain hates with a passion great radio huh?
Right G cool spring well if I say you know
We just don't get it. We're not sophisticated enough to get it. Maybe we're just not echo files, you know?
No, I mean echo boomers or whatever the hell that thing is and maybe we don't have our iPods yet
Speak for yourself. You got your iPod I said do I bet you Josh's got his iPod. I do not you know
Yeah, they say as a similar product though
I bet you he's more like a ball boomer than a echo boomer
During Vanita Springs is I owe the what well we can't make the sound joke there. Yeah, I can't make the sound
From the Cremutation contest. We can't make those farting sounds can we oh sorry just checking
stop
And they have a coffee
Gery and Vanita Springs is I'd like to suggest Roy Orbison for today's poll that's a very good one Roy the boy
Roy the boy and of course only fags would refer to him is Roy the boy since you're having fact problems
I would also like to submit a name for tomorrow's Canadian entertainer pull please consider Neil Young is Neil Young
No, he's all like me all Neil's and that's a good one
I have to like work on that. Oh, who's that little trophy comedian guy
Ha
No, that's what I meant. Oh, there's so many of them well they have these spots
When they carry American shows like the soap operas. They don't have like real spots to fill because they get to
It's a real scan they get to put their own Canadian spots in there and those shows from the American network said they carry
Like passions for example, so they had these Canadian
You know it's a sob the Canadian ego problem, which is very serious. Oh, we did not just good hockey players
We've got all these great look how great we are
You know, we got Mike Myers and Jim Carrey and all these people. What about Steve Martin? Is he Canadian? I don't know
I'm not sure that look it up. Look at up. Please in the a thing there
Josh Steve Martin. I kind of think so
A lot of great Canadian comedians. Yes, there of course. There was always winning Schuster
Don't put that in the martin short with the Torpee comedian. That's what I was thinking of Martin short
Very good. How did you get that? I was just going through the list of Torpee comedians in my head now
Can I ask you a question? All right is Martin sure? Yes, it is a matter of fact
Okay, no Randy Newman and don't be putting Randy Newman on their tomorrow. He had a Canadian. I don't think I hope not
He's like good enough problems with Celine Dion
Oh, anyway follow up on it stravajimi Carter thousands in Florida. Maybe rejected a poll
Thousands of Floridians who think their register devote could be turned away at the polls November 2nd
Oh my god
Because their voter registration forms were not completely filled out official said Friday and especially if they intend on voting for Kerry
There's a real good chance that when in doubt they'll throw them out
Secretary as they glenda in the hood said some groups registering voters are turning in application forms with information missing
Such as uncheck boxes asking whether the applicants are citizens mentally incompetent or felons
Glenda in the hood speaking of mentally incompetent or felons
A group that's been seeking copies of incomplete applications in an effort to help people complete them
Said hoods off as sending state law has begun blocking them. Oh, here we go again
Clearly way over the number that could determine the election won't be able to vote said Judith Brown and attorney with a Washington based advancement project which promotes
Multiracial participation in voting she was referring to President Bush's dispute in 537 vote victory in Florida that gave him the presidency in 2000
During that election state local election officials were criticized on a host of issues from people mistakenly removed from voter rolls to the infamous
Butterfly ballot in Palm Beach County that was put on there by that obnoxious departed bitch to racial a poor that may have let out
Course a port is to vote for third-party I can't a pap you can't instead
While the advancement project is not registering voters itself
It assists groups that are including American families united which tries to register voters in poor and minority communities
New who voters in poor minority communities generally vote for it, don't you?
Democrats. Oh, I was gonna say native
We can't have that happening
I just saw go cardinals on here son. Oh, this facts you send me some Dave the cop or he just get a life where you please
Mighty what I tested this machine with that facts and it worked and apparently you started to do that
It must have been a phone line thing in a back probably fixed it fixed it in the bag. You know what I mean?
Anyway
American families united is suing the new well county election supervisor to get copies of 1441 rejected applications
Their brown set a judge ruled against it Friday
Previously the advancement project received copies of forms from date or in jailsbrod other counties and date and brown
At a loan brown said 12,000 incomplete ballots were turned in
Acting do election supervisor Richard Carlberg said his office is trying to call the
1441 applicants left to know they won't be able to vote unless the forms are completed
But said many of the phone numbers on the forms aren't working numbers
Probably like you know phones at gas stations convenience stores pay phones
Hood center office is only trying to help election supervisors follow the law that incomplete forms must be rejected
Hood recommended that people who were registered by a group instead of at their county elections office
Should make sure they are really registered to vote and if they are a little bit less like if they're like more than two shades darker than white
Forget about it. Just stay home
If you also said anyone registering to vote outside of county office should also double check to make sure that all information is accurate
Forms are completely filled out and that the group plans to turn the applications in before midnight tonight
Of course, that's the end of that's the deadline
It's the deadline which means if you don't register and you don't go ahead and vote for Kerry
We're all gonna be dead is what I'm dying on that's what you call it the deadline. You got it you idiots
Dave the cop who's chronic and has no life. I have no life
I recall one person should have gotten some notoriety when she did oh get out of here
You're crazy get out of here with mother Teresa who died when princess Diana mother Teresa who was going around the world
peddling all of that archaic bull crap like their partner in crime there with his uh schmoth on his head
Who the hell is he kidding Dave the cop
Not job
By the way Steve Martin is from Texas. What I tell you
Also, he says on another note if Bush was really 11 points in the polls
You think there's no yeah, well the LA Times pool. I was just reading about it before the debate carried they had nationwide pool
He was one point ahead now. He's two points ahead after the debate. So something's really rotten in Denmark. You know besides the fish
Something is really rotten in Copenhagen. Never been in typically gardens
No forget about it
It says I think there were a lot of people just waiting for Kerry to do something that would make him just look presidential
And yada a la and coach cardinals he puts her on a bottom day the copy or so when to take that mother Teresa
Man that wrinkle up old bitch that prune face and hope you have a great life together. Okay in the afterlife
In the Netherlands and the whatever the hell they call it never land never another the ether
God i'm starting to get the same thing you've got from the coffee owner. I didn't have it what a buzz a rush
If I drink coffee boy, I'm gonna tell you I have to make a run like I would leave oh man
You you think that that uh
Butter on the steak
That's that small potatoes compared to coffee right
At anyway, but let's move along because that'll lead us that'll lead us into uncharted territory and
Joyce will start rattling her spirit over there and move along anyway, so yeah, yeah, right
20 before one well, that's always a good sign
Hey, we've talked about dry concepts on the show for over 20 years
I've used them in my homes for over 20 years. Nothing has changed when it comes to having your carpet your furniture drape
Clean the only thing you ought to be thinking about is dry concepts and let's face it your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to a collector
Adjurms all that schmutz and crap and garbage gets down there deep into your carpet so called dry concepts today and sanitize your home
They've got certified technicians who you can trust in your home. They'll dry clean your carpet the same way that the
Dry cleaners clear dry clean your clothing the stains go away and they don't come back
Beware of those 595-per-room scams. You'll never get that with dry concepts because they give you a guaranteed written price
Before they start the job and dry concepts uses a rapid dry technique
So your carpets are dry just an hour and a half you're ready to rock and roll again
You really can clean today and entertain tonight if they're good enough for me and for everybody
I know they ought to be good enough for you
You'd never use anybody else have to use them the first time
Indeed, brown into Palm Beach is called tool-free
1-800-248-Fascense
1979
Howard David's a bitch
Well, good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
And again welcome on board united airlines flight
919 bound for Dallas international airport the movie on today's flight will be 13 going on 30 a
Delightful comedy starring Jennifer Garner for mail yes, but a crappy movie this is Johnny. Thanks to line. What's up?
Speaking
Actually, it's a wonderful movie that I think you really enjoy Jennifer Garner is just a delightful young actress
You know she didn't show anything in this movie still on
What is it tell me you've got to push the button again or playing
To get it. Okay. What got a problem got a problem get a problem
Big problem
How many times do I have to tell you don't say problem when I'm on the p8s?
Why is it for you to hit that button? I'm the captain don't talk back. Don't say problem when I'm on the p8
We got a big problem one of the passengers. What's the matter with the passenger?
Apparently he's not supposed to fly anywhere in the world
What remember that's all peace train. No, I don't love he's train. No, I don't
Cat Stevens and Stevens. Yeah, although he's not cats Stevens anymore. He's something like who's the use of
Ladies, I'm from the cockpit that you're captain. Can I ask you just to stand by for one second, but there is no problem
Okay, thank you. So what's the problem? He's not supposed to fly anywhere. He's on the list where you're not
I'm on the
So you know what it's not my fault
It's
All right now what did you do with cat Stevens? He's not supposed to fly how do you get on but never mind
Don't tell me how we got on board. I don't want to know what you do with him
You only did we could do we locked him in the bathroom. You what you locked cat Stevens in the bathroom the guy's saying peace train
Please tell me from the cockpit. This is your captain
You may hear some banging on the aircraft during today's flight
I just wanted to like you know that that is nothing to be worried about
It's cat Stevens who we had to lock in the bathroom apparently he's not
Anywhere in the United States. Let me write back with an update for you
So what the hell is going on? What are you going to do with him? I don't know
I cannot wait till we lay down and tell us because I'm gonna take my button
He's still on yet the button fixed. I'm the captain out of fixed buttons
Will you put it on the list again fix?
Lation gentlemen from the cockpit. This is your captain
We're gonna have to land in Maine and dump off cat Stevens who apparently is not allowed to fly anywhere in the
United States. So we appreciate your patience. This might be the most screwed up
Ridiculous flight I've ever been on
But
The fight is on
Oh, this is Albert Kaita from Tony band records of fighting you American infidel to buy latest cat Stevens collection
How
I'm so including this classic
As I can
Come on in from your purchase does not go to funds terrorism really it's not time to get off the plane
Just relax and take it easy
You're just done that's your fault
It wouldn't happen if I were a Jew
Find dark skin and a rag if you want
Hey detainee I know the variation on the classic
Which American should
Tell me
I'm gonna see you never look I'm coming through the neck of a woman
She
Let her fail and expose herself so buy new cat Stevens collection today for
1995 all you can play with b some mastercard or weapons of master
Well 49 we don't have Osama yet or Alza Wahiri or
Mullabala Omar or all these glam, but we got the cat Stevens all right. We're making some progress, baby
427 votes on a poll who best fits this description celebrity whose death was least noted the least saw in a dance the least bit of
gnashing of teeth the least bit of respect and then what we all that they should get
Little bit respect and thanks the next for the memories
Carol Conner 109
More Howard the real one not the effect one absolutely real 154
Phil Hartman 37
Marlon Brando 34 Jan Berry of Janine Dean fame 28. What why's that why's he doing so good
Got me probably didn't even know he was dead
Cedar cruise 27 Frank's apple 25 let's play Bobby Brown come on you can do all put that license on the ground
Let's hear the whole thing Bobby Brown and that's exactly what we do
Hey there people on Bobby Brown well good for you
Yeah
That was joy sitting in the floor
Frank's apple 25 Allakin is 21 Ray Charles 19 John candy 12 easy 11
Dave Thomas of Wendy's 10 come on have one more burger Dave before it's too late Desi Arne is seven Lucy
Rick James six
Gregory Heinz five Bob Keeschen Captain Kangaroo five Jack lemon four Julia Child four
Chris Farley three John Ritter three very white two and Fred no relation to
Mr. Rogers had only one only one
I guess they did a whole song dance about him when he croaked in they
They did day after day after day. Hi there boys and girls with a green with the sweaters the very the multi colored sweaters
The sneakers the whole bunch of crap
The mailman what the was the mailman's name? I
Didn't really watch that show. Sorry. I didn't either but oh come on. I didn't like it mr.
And then
Yeah
Speaking of bits that we can't play
Please don't tell me I've forgotten already I'll find it one moment please
There there it is. No, that's not it
Now what I was thinking more like was
Oh, I love that playing bagpipes
You can even say that I'm sure to do that's all it is joy still can all bet out of shape
This is a Scottish thing right you can't say either one of those two words anymore. Oh
playing
Pipes mail-hope suspects theories revealed. I love this story. This is one of my all-time favorites
A Tennessee man accused of sending powder lace down balloons to Broward County cities was convinced for a lot of
Daily police transplanted mine control devices in gaze to help authorities find drug dealers according to the man's weekly newsletter
Dean Swindell 46 also claimed in his new newsletter that for Lauderdale police chief Bruce Roberts illegally arrested gaze to give Mayor Jim
Noggle and Broward Sheriff Ken Jenny the impression that he was cracking down on crime
They descended on the gay community like flies on sugar wrote Swindell in the September 9th edition of the
Orwellian chain letter. I don't know if you didn't say that the first time though
FBI agents arrested Swindell as Memphis Tennessee home Friday and charged him with sending bomb threat letters to eight for Lauderdale
Area elementary schools in August and in September of the schools open election polling places
Jenny said Friday that Swindell admitted sending letters and 25 envelopes containing white flower to Broward City halls
Swindell has not been charged with sending the envelopes over a prosecutor said they were considering more charges against him
Because of the widespread mailings which wrap Thursday and Friday and prompted fears of another anthrax attack
Oh, it's been so long since I've had a chance to play a wait a minute where else is it anthrax attack
Like the one on October 2000 one the killed American media ink photo editor Bob Stevens in beautiful bokeh
The newsletter's reviewed Saturday by the Sun sent will do not mention the 25 powder lace down below or the bomb for it
Letters to the schools it was unclear how long Swindell and public list newsletters which also
Listed the names and work phone numbers of other prominent state and brow officials in his newsletters
Swindell claimed he was the victim of any legal conspiracy hatched by Jenny Roberts and Noggle in the conspiracy for Lauderdale
Police would plant brain transmitters through the ear canals and into the brains of gay jail inmates
The
Not totally is my favorite
The inmates whom he called the sting team were then sent to the streets and someone inside for Lauderdale police headquarters
Would give them instructions through the transmitter
And if they don't do as they say they make noise all my long until you go mad trying to get some rest a
September coalition of the newsletters said
You're objective for them is very broad but also specifically one names of drug dealers in the orwellian
Swindell Pendi was outfitted with a transmit around October
2002 and that police were trying to drive me crazy for last 18 months. Oh looks like they did a good job
However record shows Swindell has never been arrested in honor. Has a criminal background
Swindell was also determined to find the device of corned with newsletters. I've had oh you're you're gonna just
Love this
I've had three doctors one cat scan one MRI and yet no luck finding this little bugs
Wendell wrote now it is time to go deeper and find exactly the people they're doing the talking and where they're permitting this activity to occur
During a news conference Friday Jenny called Swindell an eccentric personality
That can Jenny what a kid her
The sheriff said Swindell is never undergoing a psychiatric evaluation
Jenny also showed a copy of a letter Swindell sent him and other county officials in January in the letters
Swindell claimed the thirties were encouraging Broward Jalen mates to harass and threaten him and that the malicious behavior caused him to have heart attacks and bicycle accidents
Swindell also said the actions prompted his former landlord and for Lauderdale Greg Sidel to cheat him out of his rental deposit
Sidel's wife Murry and Sidel declined comment Saturday
Tom Devine a for Lauderdale became acquainted with Swindell several years ago
When Swindell a self-employed architect offered to design some furniture for him
He said Swindell never performed the work and sometime mentioned his anger toward Broward County administrators
He was a drug addict and was strictly not normal divine said
J.M. Evans a Hollywood private investigator who briefly ran for sheriff this year
Said Swindell called him shortly after Evans announces candidacy and that's when they'll regularly send him the newsletter
You really feel like you're talking to a straight-up and lucid guy said Evans referring to his conversation with Swindell
Then he listened to the content of what he's saying just let out know that he's way out and left field
You know there are mental issues when talking to him
Oh, I know some people like that who seem to be very lucid and very articulate and then you find out when he listened to the
Essence of what they're saying and watch their behavior over a period of time
They're crazy in a bed bug. You know what I mean?
Because my grip. No, he talking about nobody in particular
5670560 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
Don't pretty good on that pull. I thought this mic over like halivine Siberia, but it's it's okay. It's good. It is good
So WQA him hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You forgot one that's very near and dear to your heart for the pull. Okay
Don Cox
Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, well, you know, he's got a good fit and that guy Swindell the one that's going on
Yeah, that's him go ahead. Yeah, well that guy has been posting stuff before you got bus to you's posting stuff in news groups
And he was sitting there and in his tagline on his emails was always
Uh, that Bush didn't put this thing in his head in 2000 and depth to the Trudin Christian
Police state
You'd find his stuff in the weirdest news group. Yeah, and he was mentioned
He were a wellie and and all this stuff and everything had all these little or wellie and quote the end about
six pages this stuff from
1984 and the rest of the crap that were well wrote and he's preaching it's like a Bible
The stuff would just make you pee your pants
Well, I'm gonna look it up. I could use a pee in my pants. Oh, and speak of that
There's steam rising above Mount St. Helens right now and the CNN's making a big go just in there
It is steam rising about the 10,000 feet above the crater's lip
How do you like that?
Aren't you excited? They have made such a do you care about this? No, I mean we were there
I was pretty close to when it blew up the first time and dumped ash all over all of us
Yeah, it doesn't seem like it's going to be doing anything
I'm trying to write that yeah, I did
So uh, it's just gonna push a little bit. Yeah, it's pushing a little smoke above the lip
Two sets of rips
Meal Rogers mornings in midday and
For the round of clock through fights
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
No, celebrity fragrances have reached dazzling new heights
Elizabeth Taylor has white diamonds Jennifer Lopez has glow
And now Courtney love has
Flamedia
Flamedia the enticing new aroma from Courtney loves hole surprise the one you love by giving them
Flamedia
The contagious fragrance from Courtney love look for the bottle shape like a
We just just look for the bottle for the media available at smears right a jcpu and all gangrene's locations
It's a 101 at 560. I like that bottle of shape like a uh-oh
How'd you hear that right there at the ass end of that?
Let me just uh
We just just look for the bottle for the media available at smears right a jcpu and all gangrene's locations
I
Didn't do it that time me this good thing you dropped it in it. Maybe it was just our imagination
Maybe we're just hallucinating. Yeah, that's it
Anyway, activists hold anti-nator hunger strike don't forget mad dog at till he's gonna be ripping the dolphins and ask for a two solid hours
And then when he gets done the hopper's gonna come in and clean up and just the third day wants that apart cheek by cheek
Brack them
Now I'm curious are we still doing the a coach's show?
You know that is a very good question
I don't think so whatever happened of that well of course that would be pretty embarrassing
No, I guess that this appeared just like kind of the Brian Murray coaches show that kind of answers to probably for the same exact reason the embarrassment factor
No, I'm just curious because I hope the humpard doesn't have to go interview
Wants that every week that would be a fate worse than death
A fate worse than having to watch a dolphin game in person see at least when you're watching it on TV
You can be very amused and you don't miss let me also just say this to you and I know that this is gonna sound
Because a lot of you people are easily manipulated by the media
And you love your football. Well if you I enjoy my NFL football too, especially the Patriots
18 and roll by the way, but
I and I do have the package so I can slip back and forth between one game and the other get every game on there
But the problem is there are no games in other words the games start and then they all go into commercial like a conspiracy now
How is it possible that all that there are times when every game is in commercial at the same time?
Yeah, you have the ticker, right? Yeah, yeah
And it's all the pre game is all the same also it drives you great
Well, I'm a left because it's just the the two networks fox and cbs understand that but I'm talking about what's the game starts
I mean, you know, there's injury timeouts or there are different things that happen
Maybe there are a lot of passes in one game that makes the game faster than games with like all running plays
Uh
Or the other way around with a lot of passes if they're incomplete makes the game slower but the point being
That how is it possible that there are no there's no play and then of course if you take the commercials out
And then you take the time when you're turning on and they're watching some guy riding around on the ground other injury that goes on for three or four minutes
Oh, now we got to go to another commercial because we got to get that in there while we got the injury timeout
It's so damn frustrating where I keep of screaming at the set where is a play where is there any game even
Even freaking Washington Cleveland, which I could care less about any game
Where is there something where there's actually a play going on
And that's not exaggeration. It's reached the point now where I bet you if you condensed
If you if somebody took the time to convince down and I'm not talking about
Just taking the commercials out. I'm talking about just the actual amount of time that the plays go on
You know, I mean yeah from the time the quarterback takes the snap until the time the whistle blows when the play is over
If you just took all of the plays in the game, I bet you could watch it in entire game in 20 minutes or less less
Less maybe 10 minutes
Well, what does that say you know about this marathon that goes on for like three three and a half hour some of these games
Give us some action baby give us some something to watch some of the sick art teeth into Tom Brady
Activist holds anti-native hunger strike
Santa Monica, California a peace activist who once fasted for 63 days to protest movie violence and war toys
Is launching another hunger strike to persuade Ralph native to abandon his presidential bid
See when you heard the first part you think boy, this is some real wacko
Love now you hear this part you think and this is a great American
Oh, look who it is
Jerry Rubin I
Didn't know that I don't even know he was still around. I thought maybe he was dead
Oh, I got another one for our poll by the way David Brinkley
Okay
Don't you think absolutely? I mean just because his eyes were falling out of the sockets on that Sunday morning show
Doesn't mean that we shouldn't have disrespect David Brinkley
He was out with Chad Huntley on Huntley Brinkley for how many years?
And then on that Sunday morning abortion air with Sam Donaldson in that bad hair piece
And George will have the Nazi and then training in a high and drag
Jerry Rubin 60 city plans to consume only liquids from saturday until November the second
If native doesn't take a meeting with him that was this past saturday
I know Ralph native. I don't think he's doing the right thing Rubin said
He said a consumer advocates campaign is dividing the progressive political movement many believe the votes
Nader received in florida and two thousand would have gone to al Gore had native sat out the election
Gore lost the states and posted it by 537 and
Matter-fact right there forget about the butterfly ballot forget about teresia la por forget about Catherine Harris
Forget about fat ass governor jabboosh forget about all these things all you need to know is one person Ralph Nader
I think they have to stuff his ass in the 65 core fair and put it in the ocean okay for a few months then let him come back
What a piece of crap
Rubin is often oh, it's not the same guy see and he is dead. I was right
Rubin is often confused with now deceased Chicago seven defended Jerry Rubin
He legally changed his name to Jerry peace activist Rubin to avoid confusion with the 60s radical
Yeah
The peace activist is no stranger to hunger strikes in 1988 he broke it two months fast with a bite from a giant pizza
Top with a pepperoni peace on that he then left her
Rambo stars Sylvester Stallone he again fasted in 1997 a persuade movie production company dreamworks SKG to abandon plants to relocate
Relocated headquarters to wetlands he collapsed after 26 days
But dreamworks abandoned the ideas and cannot reach a satisfactory financial agreement. So let's hear it for Jerry Rubin
What is still live Jerry? What is it again? What's that name Rubin sandwich?
No seriously Jerry peace activist Rubin
Jerry P.A Rubin what it's like a money python name right Raymond luxury yacht
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line haven't had too many people knocking the dolphins here today
It's gonna disappoint clearance. He thought that's all people were on the talk about we got an election coming up four weeks from tomorrow
And our program director here at your sports nerd station WQM
That's all he knows about is the dolphin game yesterday
Which most of you are probably trying to forget about I would think when you think absolutely you bet already have
I mean what's there to rehash huh crap garbage pathetic embarrassing even little school kids are humiliating them
They're probably burning their dolphin paraphernalia right now, wouldn't you think
Exactly
70 QA and hello and Neil yes sir that dolphin stuff old news no one wants to talk about it anymore anyway
Exactly tell that clearance to get a life get his own show
Well, I missed part of the show today, but what was the Canadian pull on?
And we're gonna do a tomorrow your favorite Canadian celebrity. Oh, okay, but you're not taking calls on that now
I mean if you want to give me one for the list I can stick it on you got you got Lauren green yet
Lauren green all right
Good one in that
So you told me why don't know why did you see what a sure off? I don't know how that happened
He's just a very hairy guy. Oh, God
Had a pretty face but from the neck down toss it out when it doubts his toss it on anyway
He well, I'm a generation exer and you know he used to talk in those journals all the time
And I never really encountered anybody before who's seriously refer to themselves as a baby boomer a generation exer wires
Any of those
Because this is the way they brainwash people in the way as a because the government and the media being part of a
Plan of that they don't want you to be like individuals. They want you to be part of a group
They want to like lump you all in together so they can sell you crap so they can tell you what you're supposed to be wearing and eating and driving
All of these things so they can go step in line. Right. That's right and with your group exactly
It says according to CBS if you've ever wondered why corporate America Hollywood Madison Avenue in the media
All seem obsessed with the youth culture the answer is simple the latest generation of young people since the 1960s is beginning to come of age
It's called echo boomers because they're the genetic offspring and demographic echo of their parents the baby boomers
The echo boomers you see are you following this now? I want to I want to make sure you followed the
Connected that followed the bouncing ball
Their parents were the baby boomers and now they're like an echo image. They are
The baby the echo the Paul boomers
Which means they fart a lot
Born between 82 and 95 they're nearly 80 million of them. They're already having a huge impact on the entire segment of the
An entire segments of the economy and as the population ages they'll become the next dominant generation of Americans
Who are they?
Well Steve Crawford report on 60 minutes last night, which you obviously didn't see in your other acoustic round you didn't
I am
And whether you call them echo boomers generation why or millennials they already make up nearly a 30 US population
Already spend 170 billion year of their own and their parents money
Oh, and their parents money. That's it
Like you said generation why or echo boomers. I mean that has got to be the most stupid-ass crap
Almost none of that money is spent on boring things like mortgages and medication
And the world is falling all over itself trying to sell them things what brands do they love Sony
Patagonia gap Gillette and a vita
What's what's the big deal with Gillette? What's the big deal with a vita
Perone
No, that's seriously. I mean why would they put what what I mean? I haven't shabin with Gillette with those
Whatever those razors for for us in years now. What's the big deal with it?
Would you use like Gillette after shave? What do they call that the Gillette makes that crap? Oh, man
It's the worst thing using old spice like trick shave or whatever. Oh god. Oh, that's menon
That's man. Yeah, you're right. I don't know what it is only a small percentage are eligible to vote yet
They're already now. How do you like that only a small percentage are eligible to vote yet?
They're already one of the most study generations in history by sociologist demographer is marketing consultants like Jane
Buckingham of the intelligence group
Remember the book he hands yes
Susan Buckingham uses focus groups to gather information for clients such as NBC Chanel Nike and Levi Strouse
Equal boomers are a reflection of the sweeping changes in American life over the past 20 years
They're the first to grow up with computers at home in a 500 channel TV universe
They are multitaskers with cell phones music downloads instant messaging on the internet
They're totally plugged in citizens of a worldwide community. I'm gonna tell you something remember I had my two dogs
Yes, even the two of them on a day when they both had a bad bowl of grits and we're in a backyard like really cut and look like you did this morning
Even the two of them never only such a crack a crap as is this no wonder CVS is gonna be put off the
I'm listening
Here's an hoy
Today
Who is the best no one's right should
And what's the pretty face
And teeny hearts get your peace
And nothing but a peace
Why a war?
Oi!
Once 17 at 560, Deputy Quim
That's another one for the Port of Mar, Ovar Levine
Indeed
Ain't nobody known like Ovar Levine
I hope
So far
Am I right?
I've found anybody yet?
560, 705, 60
Pound 560, only Verizon and Singular Wireless Line
Who best fits this description
Celebrity whose death was least noted
And so far my churse
Carol O'Connor, winning by a landslide
Carol O'Connor 119
Moe Howard, the real one
All the other things that's what they're voting for
63
They hate you Mo
Phil Hartman 42, Marlon Brando 36, Frank Zappa 32
Jan Berry 32
Cee La Cruz 27
Alliguinness 22, Ray Charles 22
John and his candy 17
Dave Thomas Wendy's 15
And EZ-E 13
Bob Keaton Desiara's 10-Everybody-All-Single-Digit
Small Potatoes
WQAM, hello
Hi, we're going to talk to Neil
Yes, ma'am, speaking
Hi, Neil
I forgot about that right at the link
Question for you
I moved here a year ago from Texas
Where we had the same stupid
Sheet's Noir song as the Miami dolphin song
Right
But here's a serious question
Because I want my Chad to matter
What better?
Astonty voting or early voting
I will not be here for the election
What do you mean what's better?
What has the better chance of really being counted?
Oh, early voting I would think
Astonty ballots they can just toss them out
Okay, well I didn't know if I could trust early voting either
So I thought
Well, I mean you can't trust any of it
But I think that would be better
And you might have a chance
All right, well I figured you'd been around a while
You could guide me
We'll guide you right to the poll
Thank you sir
Good luck, thanks
Bye
Don't forget today is the last day to register to vote
All you masses out there
All you people that are sick and tired of the lies that are exception to BS
The Born Again Fundamentalist lunatics
The Neocons
The tragic death all he unwanted
Misery and suffering
Tax cuts for the rich
Riposte for Halibut
And I'm going to tell you dig chainy
I hope he gets sliced by Edwards to a
Pulp tomorrow in that debate
Because he is one of the biggest crooks to ever come down to pike
He makes Nixon look like a
Boy scout
It's unbelievable
There is no week that goes by that there's none of the story about how
In fact, we got one on the website either today or tomorrow
How he rains all these backdoor deals
123 million to here and 17 billion over there
And Kellogg Brown and Root and Halibut and this
Hey, it's just never ends
That's why we don't see him
He doesn't have time to be seen
Because he's too busy making backdoor deals
Can I say backdoor?
Backdoor?
So, more a choice
Not anymore we can
WQAM, hello
Hello Neil, how are we going to take you to the next level?
The dolphin just can't believe you
Are you sure?
Yeah
How are we going to take it to the next level?
Let me level with you, okay?
Butt plug
WQAM, hello
WQAM, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, I was calling to talk about the election
Go right ahead
Okay, well, I just thought George Will in the airport
Which is what reminded me
When you guys brought him up, yeah, I just saw him 30 minutes ago
And I wondered what he was doing here
If you were still left here from the debate or what
Uh-huh
But what I wanted to
From you guys actually have to do with the debates
The next debate is where you think that's going to go
And where the emphasis is going to go
As far as the candidates
You know, preparations or whatever for the next debate
The preparations, I think Bush is using a lot of preparation Hs
The preparation he's using
Yeah
Yeah, he's the-
The next debate is supposed to be on domestic issues
You know, like tax cuts for the rich
Right, and the economy, you know, like-
Some sell research
And uh, women's rights to choose
Things like that
Okay
Unemployment, all the 1.7 million jobs that Bush lost
Things like that
Okay, just uh, I just wonder what you guys thought it was going to take for one of the candidates to really um
Rise above the other
I thought you saw that last Thursday didn't you?
Well, yeah
One of them to stand up and speak and the other one to show what a doop is he is never a great thing
Wow
Welcome to light bulb radio boys and girls
Now what do you think? They're right against the left and the
How about death and death penalty? Should we talk about that?
No, no
Borschtley
Haha
Code hangers or a point?
Oh boy
It's so hard to find and so to ride that fine line, you know, you get
chafed
All around the room
Right all around the room room
Sorry Joyce, it was just a slip of the uh, tongue
That's a QAAM, hello
No, that's not good, not good
WQAM, hello
WQAM, hello, now we've reached that point of the show where they've run dry out of material
I knew that was coming
QAM
Neil, I saw a bumper sticker up
An anti-bush bumper sticker was rather funny and girl-hatted on her car
It said it said clean shaving
Read my lips no more
Great, okay, cute
Okay, so there's like what 75 and a row something like that but we'll press on
I like to get about four or five hundred calls in between now and two o'clock when you
But once two o'clock comes it's going to be that the stuff that Clarence is waiting for the Nash
You go oh how do we get it to the next level?
What are we going to do?
Why is one step still in the one step era blows, you know
I still still can't believe he's still there
WQAM, hello
I would have thought right after the game yesterday they put him on a bus WQAM, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
I would like to touch Neil Rogers please
Speaking Neil Rogers right here speaking
Neil, I profusely apologize about not calling to send my condolences for your mom
I did not know that she passed
And second thing
What does that mean? Did you know my mother?
No, I did not know but I heard every
All-time listener know every time I know
Tuesday you used to go and have lunch
Yeah, well that's ancient history my friend plus your tool to talk to on issue
56705 oh god, all my what and all of a sudden we took a wrong turn in the road man
First we got light bulb colors that want us to analyze the next debate next Friday
And then we got this guy who's older than mothuzla who's apologizing that my he didn't call about my mother dying
Which he's been dead for what 80 months now something like that a long time she didn't even look warm anymore
God
WQAM hello
Hey Neil yes sir
WQAM hello
Yeah, Neil yes sir
Hey, I got through good. Did you see the 2020 piece on Neil Bush?
No, oh my god
Not about the Silverado banking and loan scandal was it?
No, no, no, it's about screwing the horse in Hong Kong
That his wife found out about him screwing horse in Hong Kong free right and they were taking the videotape
testimony for her divorce
And she told about how after 23 years of marriage all she got was $30,000 a year for four years and the black man
Yeah, they cut her off now. She's her son and non grata right and then she went and wrote there
gave all info for our kitty Kelly book. Yeah, and
He was on there and he was saying they said how many hoors came to the door and he said oh, I don't know
Did
That did three come he said yeah, I think there was three did they have clothes on he says I don't know
He said they said you know you mean to tell me you don't know they were new to they had clothes on he said yeah, they were naked
It's a classy family man. Don't be knocking the bushes. Okay. Don't be beaten on the bush
classy family
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line not to mention of course that abortion in Texas that nobody wants to talk about
Go on get the kitty Kelly book go register the vote first then go get the kitty Kelly book the family
As a matter of fact why do you reading the book?
You can play the music in the background
So you don't have to be a tagging to have a family oh and guess what else oh what
Last night
I saw what is probably the worst show in the history of television
Last night yeah on a.m.E
Okay, the gaudy. What are they was the name of that oh?
Grown up gaudy oh my god, that is the worst
I mean the fact that a.m.E. Which is usually a pretty damn good network. They got really great shows. I like the
Cold case files. They they've got
Biographies under they get it's a great channel what in hell somebody might have must have made them an offer
They couldn't refuse. I'm thinking most obnoxious human
You know I had her on my show years ago. She was a guest back in the day when I was just boring guests
She was a pain in the ass then and now she's an even bigger pain in the ass with her ugly kids and
What was that what was
Yeah, but it's a reality show that's reality. All right sure somebody's fantasy
Some of these lunacy that that's gonna stay on there more than like five minutes
26 after one but Motsang hellens has got the big cloud up there. There's a plume
There's very very little ash in the plume is what it says La plume de baton. That's what Linda Blair is saying
Right now armstrong for the homes that wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4s
Here just some of the great deals waiting on you and O4 F-150 pickup just a dollar over invoice
New O4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice rangers crown vix tors is focuses all waiting for you
Access the buckover invoice only at armstrong for the homestead plus armstrong ford offers more value to its loyal customers
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for like program
That's right tires and batteries for life and the value of get it armstrong ford doesn't stop right there because right now
You can get you a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy if you're pressed for time armstrong ford knows your time is valuable
So just shop over the phone by calling them at 305 247
5112 305 24751 12 they'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you armstrong ford a homestead
They're locally owned and operated. They'll treat you like family no games no BS just the best deals in town no bait and switch no
Fony deals armstrong ford of homestead you'll find them at 307 25
South Dixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 check them on the web at armstrong cars.com and then drive a little and save a ton on that
New Ford only from our friends at armstrong ford of homestead
You're listening to new Roger
As our troops defend America in the war on terror they must have what it takes to win
Yet John Kerry has repeatedly opposed weapons vital to winning the war on terror
I don't have a clue who said that or what they said
Kerry even voted against body armor for our troops on the front line of the war on terror that clearly wasn't true
John Kerry's record on national security
Trouble this has been a crooked line good
I'm George W. Bush and I approve this message well there you go
You're both automatically
I
The
The
That's
Like the grave
That
Now, let's go, come on...
Thank you, good luck with that swing!
Excellent!
I'm like a rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
come on.. log it into the dead Gospel for chapters andoonfeeds 27.02, Mb2, silent into the 
for the Zeit, for 8 years, from 37.22 to 10 with a large number of people.
Shakti will have written this number today.
If you read it, you'll be able to read it.
Eld drowski won the birthday bell.
Bhagavad Ji!
At Menyan Brothers Hussein's birthday,
I don't know what you're talking about.
Homophobia and the Republican Party.
Where's your mic open during that last commercial, by the way?
I thought I heard you like, uh,
clearing your throat or something.
It's possible.
You know what your mic was open like that?
I like the work.
Oh, that's right.
The House and the Senate in a rare moment of common sense,
Sank President George W. Bush is homophobic constitutional
amendment that would have defined marriage
as a union only between men and women.
That kills the issue for this year,
but will be forced to visit again as long as right wing
whack jobs dominate the Republican Party.
Of all the extreme positions that eminate from the rabid
conservatives that control the GOP and there are many,
none are more despicable than their outright hatred of homosexuals.
They may scream loudly that gay bashing actions like
they proposed constitutional amendments are not homophobic,
but they are.
Such hatred emerges easily from the same intolerance,
bigotry, and racism that still infect the roots of the grand
old party.
Yet they look the other way and practice a don't-ass don't-
tell policy when one of their own is gay.
Back in the early 1980s, Terry Dolan's National Conservative
Political Action Committee was the toast of the right wing
when Dolan's homosexuality dominated Washington's whispers
and people snickered at the anti-gay stances of the organization.
When Dolan died of AIDS, many Republicans publicly professed
shock and privately sied with the relief that he was gone.
Nowadays, the rabid right wing idolizes openly conservative
and pro-Republican internet gossip monger mad drudge,
who bashes gays on his website, but who was out at his gay
by Jeanette Walls of MSNBC in 2000 in her book Dish.
Walls interviewed a number of drudges gay friends,
including ex-lover David Cohen, drudge's response,
my youth to me is a blurr.
Vice President Dick Cheney's daughter is gay,
and he is split with the administration over the marriage amendment,
saying such a decision should be left up to states,
a position more consistent with claimed GOP policies of states' rights.
Cheney's stand brought vicious attacks from the party's right wing.
Such hypocrisy is typical of the GOP, they preach less government
while increasing the size, power, and breadth of the federal bureaucracy,
the espouse fiscal restraint while spreading the federal budget
into the largest deficits in history.
They claim love of country while trampling on the Constitution,
the foundation of the nation with rights arriving laws
like the USA Patriot Act.
And they talk of compassion while producing homophobia and bigotry.
They claim gays are out to destroy the American way of life,
which are the conservatives who like to toss in anyone
who doesn't agree with their near-oval of the world,
and a Republican's eyes if you question the actions
of their president, your anti-American.
If you question his war in Iraq, you're unpatriotic.
And if you dare suggest that people of the same sex
should be able to love one another and live together as a married couple,
your guilty of crimes against God, country, and humanity.
Like most bigotry, homophobies driven by hate and fear,
bigot sphere what they don't understand,
and they don't understand a lot of things.
Fear and hate appeal to the lowest parts of humanity,
the simple minds that, in their own ignorance,
claimed outdated concepts that a belief,
one of you lifestyle or philosophy, must be superior to another.
These hate-mongers accuse others of hate
while spreading their own vileness and name of God, country, and party,
and all they accomplish with their bladder and bluster
is to prove their own hate, bigotry, and homophobia.
In the end, their sad, pathetic people
who should be pity, ignored, and treated
with the same disrespect the US Congress showed
in rejecting George W. Bush's homophobic constitutional
lemon on marriage.
Right, Doug Thompson, the rant.
He's ranting and raving over here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
I think that's going to come up in the debate tomorrow.
We can only hope it.
Probably not.
Probably not.
Probably the Democrats alike run away from that
when it was won't bring it up.
Just keep saying halibut and Johnny Boy, that's all, over and over again.
And of course, the energy task force.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
WQAM, hello.
Bring that stuff out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I love it when they run out.
You know, when it's like somebody pulled a plug
and went like when you run out gas, like steely-damp it.
Because it's so obvious.
I've never seen talk about people go stepping in.
I've never seen South Florida's a place where everybody just acts
like in concert, like together.
Here is South Florida and concert.
No ice for charge.
They all run out of material for the same time.
And it's like, movement, which is a lot of fun for them.
WQAM, hello.
The God he's had huge ratings.
WQAM, hello.
The worst show in the history of television.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Fred, calling from Hollywood.
Oh, let's go to Fred and Hollywood, hello.
Yeah, but I'm on my stuff.
I'm trying to get me on there quick.
You're on there right now, Fred.
I'm talking to you.
This is what you missed.
Can't be any quicker than that.
This ain't just any real, Roger.
But sure as hell is.
What did you say?
What can I do for your Fred?
I'm Fred.
Yeah, the nod to God is important.
When he when he when he when he dep
you know, okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you see you wanted me to hang up.
It was important that we got that.
That was something about bucket and something that
arrives with bucket, which is what I'm thinking right now.
Oh, man.
I told you they're special.
You know, you're going to be way ahead of you.
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Okay.
This is Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're talking about the gotties when you're,
you're talking about passions on the air and you got the gotties.
Right.
What's wrong with that?
The gotties are good show.
The gotties is a crap show, man.
It's garbage.
Joe Lollay did was showing her what her designer and what
the rest she's going to bring it out of get a life.
You silly as queen.
It's a good show.
My ass.
God, passions is at least funny.
It's a spoof.
It's a sat there, but it's probably a little bit over your head.
You don't understand it.
The fact that it's a sat there is probably not in your, I mean,
oh, it's a reality show and airs this body and that gotty and she's got a
schlepper around it.
Get to the graduation.
Oh my God.
This, he must have been an echo boomer.
At least the subreddo is a parody of the quitos.
Right.
I mean, he was either an echo boomer or a problem or one of the other echo.
I think I am.
In fact, probably a problem because I can smell it.
What best fits who best fits this description?
Celebrity whose death was least noted.
Carol O'Connor 120.
Moe Howard, the real 170.
Phil Harman 44, Marlon Brando 39.
Chan Berry 34.
You think that's for realers that like are they playing with us?
I don't know.
Well, we never will find out.
Frank Zappert 33, Cedar Cruz 28, Alliguinus 24, Ray Charles 22, John and his candy 18, Dave
Thomas from Wendy's 17.
Come on.
Put the burger down Dave.
On the biography thing is real.
Don't forget easy ease about 16.
On the biography thing on Dave Thomas because it was, it was done.
It's, it's a couple of years old.
It's before he died.
And they showed that the way he would test out every time he thought that maybe the
Wendy's format was getting a little stale or a little bit, it wasn't up to snuff.
What he would do is he'd find a Wendy's anywhere he happened to be.
And he'd go through the drive through and he would get his double cheese burger with
pickles, mustard and whatever the hell you like.
And he would go out and sit there and they actually filmed, they showed him a sit in
there eating it.
Basically saying what's not to like?
How could there possibly be anything wrong with this?
And there was one.
And there was one.
Huh?
It was a merch.
It was a good guy.
20 till 2 at 5, 60 WQM when you shop for quality footwear, take those feet to a place
that can't be beat, which rhymes with seat.
At Brandy's man, you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best
service and prices in time period.
What a combination that is.
It is unbeatable.
And they've got all the top names that you know would love.
And usually at prices that nobody else even comes close to.
Rock ports, floor shim, SAS spirit, timberland, naturalizer and lots more.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, you can just about bec clearance his life on it
that you'll never hear, sorry, we don't have that style in your size.
It's on the shelf.
Ready to slap on your fat feet right now.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5.
And you'll find Brandy's shoes at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
It's always worth a trip.
And again, this week, it's a great time to buy rock ports at Brandy's because all great
men's and women's rock ports styles are 20% off again this week.
It's an offer you better not refuse.
So be sure to get into Brandy's this week or visit them on the web at BrandyShoes.com.
Hi, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Boobies, boobies, boobies, shut the mail regulars at back that's new hooter restaurant located
right in the heart of the one prosperous financial district.
I am loving the boobies.
That is right, Taknead.
And you will even love more than Hooter's Yacht case at DS.
It is a favorite of mine.
These spied some customers may say that the cheese tastes a bit dirty, but in 95 cents,
who's going to complain?
I am not just as long as the rate is as huge as Mookka.
You have that one much right.
This new hooter is recently converted from a destroyed elementary school on Akbar Avenue.
Just minutes away from any bummed out neighborhood.
Well, my neighborhood is so bummed.
We are at the time, Ahmed.
So if you're creating some hot camel wings, make tracks to Hooters back that.
It's Hooterific.
145 at 560 WQM.
Add to the poll Charles Bronson.
That's a good one.
You said it was a beak.
Why?
Yeah, you have a good idea.
Even though it's late in your poll, somebody says Paul Walsh don't want.
We'd like to put him on there, but it's his celebrity.
He wasn't a celebrity.
He was a politician.
And yeah, too bad about that mysterious plane crash.
Wasn't that too bad?
That's fine.
Right before the Ostrich Range.
Anyway, here's one that says, how about George Harrison?
I go, I second that emotion.
Love George Harrison.
Right.
What's not to like him else is his go-ed words.
Don't forget tomorrow night's the big vice presidential debate.
Anybody care?
No.
It's going to be good.
Yes, it will.
And here's one from Lynn, who says one for the poll, Phil Hartman.
Six years later, still makes me a well.
Phil Hartman's doing very well.
He's in third place right now.
Lynn, with 44 votes.
Also she says, more importantly, my dog almost died from bloat over the weekend.
He survived emergency surgery, thankfully.
But all I could think about driving him to the Penn Emergency Center was the Michael Jackson
Tommy Motola bit where Michael says, I hope you get bloat.
Could you please play it for me?
Hello.
Hello.
Tommy Motola residents.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is the wife, Talia.
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia.
Hello, Tommy Motola residents.
Brrrr.
What's going on?
No, no, no, Talia.
Talia.
Let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Mommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
What is this?
You got the phone.
Phone.
Hello.
Tommy, Motolia.
Speaking, this is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort
of face you do it, but you lost your job.
You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Can you hear that?
That's my Mexican wife.
Let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day, but if I got to stay home with her every day I'm going to go crazy.
You know I have to show you.
You're getting your justy search.
Tommy, Motolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, toastitos.
I got more gas than exonced.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey.
We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy's, it's T-Cheese.
If it's not T-Cheese, it's...
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to beret you.
And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy chained up.
Oh, oh, oh.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Ah, oh, oh.
I was the living America.
I was the living America.
You're the living America.
All right.
Hey look, Mikey.
I gotta go.
Okay, I gotta take over the taco bell.
Chevy!
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
Oh, oh, oh.
All right, all right, all right.
All right, I gotta go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to front right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
Stop.
Goodbye.
Yeah.
149 at 5.60 QAM.
I guess we're just out of test.
I mean, I'm sure that we'll probably get a call someday this week.
Plexico Burris is a very, is a, is a wonderful name, right?
Plexico.
Right.
And the same with the Gadi show.
It's a great show.
What's not the like?
And it's got big ratings.
And it's a, you really, I want you to watch it once.
I once.
I watched 10 minutes of it.
It was all I could think.
I have never seen anything so grotesque, so pathetic.
So there's just no reason for it.
Other than somebody's got to make some money, I guess.
I had to screech and throw a fit.
Maybe the old man didn't leave her enough cash or something like that.
I don't know what the deal is, but it's just.
Anyway, but don't forget the Donald's got big numbers too.
The Donald.
Uh-huh.
This one, these must be the echo boomers.
Boomers.
I'm telling you, these are the echo boomers, man.
It's a reality show.
It's Jessica and Nick.
Rumors about them splitting up, by the way.
Anybody care?
No.
Who cares?
He's probably going.
He's probably, as she turned him around, he's going the other way.
I'll take some casual sex off of her.
Man, I'll take some casual sex off of him.
So there you go.
Right in there.
Low to little.
Right.
Just walk away.
Another Florida pirate find, 17 grand.
The FCC handed the penalty to Fort Myers Florida resident Alexander Pierre Abelard.
After he was linked to an unlicensed radio station operating from a least facility in his name.
Abelard told FCC inspectors that he runs the Haitian radio network and operates the radioindependence.com website.
We claim that the transmitter belonged to somebody else who we only identified as John Luis and for whom we had no contact information.
While Abelard said he wasn't liable for the fine since he had provided the name of the station's owner.
The FCC noted that the information Abelard provided was insufficient that he was indeed liable for the fine since he had the ability to shut off the part of the transmitter.
Abelard acquiesced that the request of the FCC inspectors shut that dancing off you for the bastard before he puts you on a banana boat back.
You are listening to me, you go neo-roger's ex-glutively on 5.60.
C-A-M.
Stenship palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
We're the way down the race you play.
The old train was on different terrain.
The roads like us we had in rain.
Thousand of days.
And you knew who you were then.
There were no black people again.
Mr. We've been using black clouds and starry again.
The old guys, you knew were straight.
Why do you want to think so?
I'm kidding, I'm the Ronald Ren Gray.
The old man, the day!
The old man, the day!
The cheesy and the videos, the head of the gimme-nos,
The breaking their own videos, the godly family.
He wears expensive attires, you cross him, you'll expire,
You ride with the spedire, the godly family, standing the wall.
L-E-S-A-T-R-N-E-The-nos, teddy, the drugs, tummy, the lip.
Black!
So if you think you're hard to, there's people that you know stuff.
You won't find things that serve up in the godly family.
156.5.60.
I guess it's a fad, it's like everything else.
Oh, the godly family, you gotta watch that, it's great.
Right, it blows hard.
It's pathetic.
And I encourage everybody listening if you haven't seen it on A&E,
by all means get it.
If you don't have A&E, if you don't have cable, if you're a slipper like that,
then invade somebody's house that's got the cable and watching you will be running out.
Leave everything behind.
It is unacceptable.
5.6.7, let's get a few more of these calls because they were really sizzling as we got through the end of the show today.
And we don't have more time.
5.6.7.5.60.
On A&E Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WMQAM, hello.
Uncle Nelson.
Yes?
Uncle Nelson over.
Okay, great. WMQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing there, sir?
I'm doing okay. How are you doing?
I'm doing, can be better.
Neil, I got a little bit of a spot.
How did you get the ticket by Kelly Kelly, the family?
Yes, I have been reading some excerpts from it on the show.
What do you think?
I think it's great.
I got an idea.
It's great. I'll tell you.
I'm a 27 year old who was born in this country.
I'm of a wheelie of descent, actually.
And this is the first year that I'll be voting.
Right.
I just saved my registration.
We could go and I got to tell you that I never followed public as close as I do now.
And it's just amazing how important it is that everybody be heard.
You don't want it if you don't care then guess what?
You've got another thing coming.
And it's just been incredible.
My experience is that all of you have been able to put together.
I encourage everybody to participate.
And we are here.
Okay, and there he goes.
I was going to ask when he was voting for her.
I think I know, but I'm not positive.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe he's afraid they recognize his voice.
You don't want to say it out loud.
Okay.
Now who now is this on the bad line?
Hello.
Hey, hello.
Is this Norma Kent?
Why are you calling on the air?
I don't want to speak to you on the air.
I wanted to speak to George Rodriguez for a second off the air.
What do you want to talk to him for?
He's not answering the phone.
You know, for a guy that's supposed to be my agent, you haven't got any idea how this works.
Of course I know how it works.
That's why I was calling on the private secret hit in line that no one knows about.
I've got your secret, all right.
There is no private secret.
There's only one.
I thought you were going to say it.
What do you want?
I wanted to send George some dirty pictures.
Get out of here.
Wait a minute.
No.
He's gone.
You deal with him off the air on your dirty pictures.
See, this is the deal.
Over the weekend he's been emailing me all these stories that he wants me to read, all these political stories that I want to send you dirty pictures.
Go find a life norm, I can't okay?
Maybe David Cohen, Matt Rodriguez, former boyfriend will turn a little number four or something.
Get out of here.
Watch this end George dirty pictures.
This is my agent.
It's supposed to be feverily working on important things.
What's he working on?
He's working on programming the show with a bunch of stupid ass stories that I probably already see them all anyway.
And he's working on sending a bunch of stupid ass dirty pictures to George.
I hope the picture that I would be interested in that.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I think the pictures of Norma and Miss Fudge naked is what they are.
Well, Ellie, we can put them on our website.
I'll be at the compromising position.
There you go.
Anyway, who best fits the description?
Celebrity whose death was least noted,
we'll just give you a few here,
because we're almost out of time.
Thanks to Norma Kent calling it on a bat line
in the middle of the show.
What a jackass man.
Now you understand what I got to deal with?
Carol O'Connor, 124.
Moe Howard, the real 173.
Phil Hartman, 50.
Marlon Brando, 41.
Frank Zappa and Janberry, 35.
And after that, fairly small potatoes.
Bye, bye, bye.
Our special, we'll rush us in.
We'll go to the store.
Run on the cross.
We'll be free.
Miami Fort Lardado.
I might have to?
Sorry, I got that stuff.
