I'm
You
As no shame starting this Monday. It's the OJ Simpson Glen Hill and
Super Dave the pre-tashe
60 10 am Monday through Friday only on sports Fag Radio
WQ
A
Yeah
Get a towel
For Michael power the psych of Janet's teach
Take some power
So I'm thinking to see that now the FCC
The safest hall for unity on the TV
If it was not for his daddy he would not be there
So now it has to care about what's on the air
Keep it in the stone age put your burger on the day
And what TV the study packs American way in a tower
For Michael power the site of Janet's teach
Takes a power
So the fighting is positioned that he got through
That the taste of what is spoiled and confident squirting
Absolutely it's 1001 at 560 WQ
I noticed Joe Rose sounded like a little scratch
Did you hear that yeah he sounded like a little horse
A pony
And I got like a little scratch again I just got over this other thing and I'm getting like a little scratch again
Maybe just to go in around
Maybe you just choked up overall these current events like day
Or and or on the other hand it could be
Antracks you know or no
It could be right
And with me I don't get any mail here
Anyway horrible story this boy was killed in school at Southwood Middle School in Palmetto Bay
A quiet 14 year old honor student was killed in a bathroom at his Palmetto Bay Middle School
Yesterday morning his throat
Apparently cut by a classmate in a shocking attack that paralyzed hundreds of families and terrified parents across Dave County
Jamie Rodrigo Gough was found bleeding to death in a second floor restroom at Southwood Middle School around 830
Yesterday morning by another student who saw pool of blood in a pair of legs sticking out from a stall
He ran to get help but paramedics were unable to save Jamie
With an hours police focused on a fellow eighth grader who was identified as 14 year old Michael Hernandez
He was charged late last night with first degree murder such a serious charge indicates
Police believe the killing may have been planned first degree murder investigators found a cut against him
Believed to be the murder weapon horrible story
Interesting thing is that it says if there's ever been a homicide in Dave this is in a hero
In a Dave public school even long time veterans can't recall it
School board member Solomon Stinson has worked for the district since 1960
And city can't remember a single precedent
But of course nobody's going to be talking about that very much today except the people involved because between the Janet and Justin flap
The loose flap oh there he goes again yankin and off
And the Danny boy I mean what's what's first on the agenda really I mean what do we do
Hey what do we do what do we get it to
The thing of hand ringing yeah
And be over right
Right well guess what
I don't care how many day go get you what grease ball gun bars come out of the one where yeah
That's what we have to say to you Danny boy okay you turn code you
You plan he's he turned it around you we did he turned around and farted right in Wayne's face this will teach you baldy
I guess that's not much gratitude for Wayne selling them all that cheap stock at the beginning him and Shula
Yeah way back when republic first came out and they got to buy it's not called insider trading
But it's the next worst thing in fact maybe they can be sitting right there holding Martha's towards gland
Right because I'm sure she's got a good one
They got a what he got careful what you say now right we have very careful articulate very carefully if you say tip
Take sure you
Pop up the piece if you say T that's another story
Marino resigned. I saw this story. I was sitting on the throne this morning
We am I a national post and they're in the sports section buried in the bottom right hand corner
Was just a little bit of blurb because that let's face it nobody here really cares about this
Thank God for that they care a lot more about the fact that the Leafs lost to a girl seem to black hocks for one last night
But that's okay. Oh, you should have seen the local news last night. Oh, I can only I can't even begin to imagine that see
This is what Danny boy he knows how to do it if there was anybody who could upstage Janet and Justin and that flap
Then Danny's the boy
Dan marinos 10 years a dolphins top football executive ended before really started
There's the Sun Sentinel. I mean a whole idea was just another it was just another publicity stunt to like try to pacify the angry fans
Everybody knew that maybe Danny finally caught on or maybe finally got smart for once in his life and realized that he's got that
Cush job on TV. He's got those two gigs going for over two million bucks a year
He can sit back have all the rest of the time to
Dittle around with his family and diddle around with anybody else he wants eat lots of pasta and just enjoy life
As opposed to being the next scapegoat for Wayne and all of the assholes call on this radio station
Oh, there's no question about it. He's gonna be the new owner
You know, maybe only a couple years five years down the line Danny figures to be the next owner
Right God. How can there be so many stupid people in one place, you know? Jesus K Christ
Anyway marina who accepted a job as senior vice president of football operations three weeks ago and was beginning
To begin next week surprise team owner H Wayne high zingga yesterday by telling him he would not rejoin the organization
He let his quarterback for 17 season. Oh my god. He surprised the Wayne moisture which we say excellent job
Nice going Danny boy if it pissed off Wayne. We're pretty excited about
You know statement released by the team marina said he wasn't prepared to make the significant lifestyle change
That the position would require for him and his family
In other words, he couldn't afford the pay cut oh
That kind of lifestyle which includes six children
So we backed out creating an embarrassing situation for the dolphins and embarrassing oh right bad enough that they pay for
It's just one that trilling gain there was a game Sunday, you know
Not enough that the pay for its one their second super bowl and three seasons which really pisses off to all fans
But now the fact that they thought they had their savior was back. There was gonna wave his magic wand
I make that
Changing his lifestyle. Maybe he's gonna shower with Tom Brady
Anyway for the dolphins who decision to hire marina was met with skepticism anyway by the media the NFL and many fans
Including yours truly because let's face it. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to see through that thick pain in the ass glass
I mean Jesus
I can't worry about perceptive the states of this game hyzenger said all we've got to do is put our best foot forward and see what happens
Don't trip now
Ha man he is one survey some bitch. I'd say that that way in always
blowing off at the media on this one. I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it
Okay, if Howard Conny would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here
They're liar because I will not have you guys
Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else
Hey, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else and then left everybody with a team that lost in San Jose late last night
Three nothing by the way in case you were working sleeping in
Wayne says I've got all the confidence in the world and the guys that are here. We're gonna be fine. Oh, where fly
That's what Wayne said anybody buying it. No, don't have a quarterback. Don't have any offensive line don't have any receivers
Don't have a coach other than that. We're fine. Oh, we're fine nobody's buying it Wayne man. You are really
so well
Speaking of that. Oh, let's I don't know how we're gonna get all this stuff in today
Plus I think I'm gonna be losing my voice around on what's the Lord and his shoehorn
Seriously, I don't know how to how I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna this rast is back and that pisses me off
Probably this damn weather all of sunny and beautiful today. It's like minus seven
Whatever the hell that translates to about about what 20
I 18 something like that scale here anyway a 2215 votes on the poll yesterday now. I got the story about
uh, like hosts
Yes, and the fact that this this thing with this flat
Has generated more response than anything in history on the internet
I mean people are just falling all over each other to see Janet Jackson's team, okay?
So all of this fainting outrage by the NFL and by CBS and by MTV and by Paul Tagli of Boob and everybody else involved
Uh, give us the rest okay give it a give us give us a break
Because it's the most talked about thing which proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that what I've been saying for years is true
America is so desperate so repressed
So sexually constipated almost as much as the brits which I got a great stir in that in a minute
They want to see something please please let us see a little nipple or something anything just a little one
And of course we got the nipple Nazis no chance Michael Powell. He's got he's putting the thick thumb of the FCC down on it
I waited to see what happens quartz Quirk
2217 votes. What's your take on boob gate the big flap
at the Super Bowl 38 and the are there articles
I mean I probably have to spend at least another two hours on this today right in between all the discussion of the
primaries last night carries in man. I'll tell you that right now
And in words he talks a good game about how he won't take the second spot
Carrying Edwards would be unbeatable that ticket that was
Has already done about that. I really love your buddy. Howardine who's going out about whoa
You know weren't disappointed things came out
Things came out just as we expected
We got our ask kicked in every one of the seven states
That's what he said
And of course your buddy Jew Lieberman
And have dasta they said they're not so tearful goodbye. Is that that centrist?
Yeah, that's centrist Jew Lieberman that's centrist orthodox purpose and uh
2217 votes. What's your take on boob gate
Grow up America you boob's 1158 of you said that 52.2% I mean we're getting response on this website
If we actually had that many people listening we have an 80 share right now. It's just the phenomenal
We don't but we wish we did
Uh, it was totally contrived. I loved it 328
I loved it. When can I see more 321 just go to neo-roger's.com and you'll see lots more including a democratic slogan
Read my lips no more bush
Uh, it was totally contrived. I hated it
2019 9.8% of this audience my deconies obviously my deconies boorones
It was shameful the FCC should stick it to a
135.8% stick it to a Michael Powell stick it. I would say to Michael Powell just stick it
You know I'm saying Mike
All right, that's my message to you and the FCC
You've produced what was the line in that article yesterday overwrought proved and oh I got it right here
The overwrought proves is the national post about Michael Powell and overwrought proved and they are
Absolute incorrect. I think it really wasn't accident 31 silly people said that they couldn't really believe it was yeah, it's just it's just uh
Put out
You know
And I haven't seen it you know how many said that
30 still haven't seen it 1.3% I guarantee you by the time that we're reading this poll result now
They seen it how can they say that it's on it's on the same website that they go to vote on it's on it's on every website
It's on if you it's on every TV channel
It's on your pop-up toaster if you look at your watch there it is
I can write out protruding grab it you can wind it like the stem on your watch I'm twisting it now
I'll bet you are
Park eats out of wind in Oklahoma by just less than two thousand votes against Edwards and Kerry came a strong third there in Oklahoma
How many Jews are there in Oklahoma?
How many black people?
Although I don't know are there black folks in Oklahoma? I guess we could tell by the um Alaska in Oklahoma when I meet one
Almost seriously here's the Oklahoma Sharpton got 3938 votes now
You know no white people voted for Al maybe one or two. So there's a few thousand scattered around on the old ranch
12 minutes after 10 at 560 W. Creme got a heavy heavy duty schedule got a good polling in today
How many choices on their two four six eight ten got a lot of pressure say better uh beat near Wheaties. Okay better be ready for it
Speaking of that last time you looked at it
Maybe decided that it is just too small it doesn't impress women
It definitely doesn't last as long as it used to and of course Todd Wreck is talking about your paycheck
So call fast train to name do something about it get yourself some real skills and a real career that goes along with having them skills and a real big fat
Paycheck that goes along with having them career
That's right call fast train today at one eight six six fast train to start that new high paying computer career in just four short easy
Painless months fast train can up he gets yourself a new high paying computer career in the demand
For computer professionals continues growing like crazy just like that growth on
Mo's head so pick up the phone and call fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train with seven locations
They got campus bound to be nearby you fast train office you job placement financial assistance for people to qualify
And with day night in weekend classes. There's no excuses to stay in that dead end job another day
And if you register now you can have that new high paying career. Let's see its February March April May by Hunio
Right
See
So call fast train today after you check them out of the web is fast train dot com because now you can have a big impressive paycheck to call one eight six six fast trains
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
Absolutely
Oh
Bill's the garden Monica's vagina
She lets out a gig oh
When he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Well
He don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion
Between humor door and humid horror
And then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked stars
Can lead to go in blind
Not missing he was working hard late nights in the overy office
Working on a practical joke
He took him back a new though put an explode in
Loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke
Bill's the garden Monica's a China
She lets out a gig oh
Every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Oh
Feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband
Feel that Hillary was wrong
Up in the Lincoln bedroom
She was
And now door was doing her with bills old bomb
Brackum
Bill's the garden Monica's vagina
She lets out a gig oh
Every brigand time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Four-candle-they take the leach
yeah
Oh
Take the
10-20 what lead in to our pool for today?
Which of these do you think was the most obscene around Rages?
Clinton Monica sex scandal aka penis gate.
Justin Janet Superbowl flap.
Pfft!
GW Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies.
GW Bush steals the 2000 presidential election.
Enron rips off investors for millions.
Michael Jackson molests Cancer Stricken kid alleged.
Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee alleged so lies as the Christian Brando done.
And if that doesn't work he says how about the dog but dog doesn't?
Martha Stewart insider trading alleged WQM fire Scott for rail or WQM
Hiras Mohawar David a pretty good list there of ten which is the most obscene or outrageous.
Where is that thing is that in here under Clinton?
Out Rages.
Out Rages.
Out Rages.
One more time.
Out Rages.
Out Rages.
Out Rages.
Out is a Pinguie plate here Sample Road in 441 radar and unmarked cars use caution.
Thank you very much for your facts.
Of course by not it's probably a whole bunch of cars pulled off.
So no bridge not to be out done by us they're acting up.
28 years ago a 4 oops.
This is from the a guardian.
28 years ago, a four-letter outburst from sex pistol John
who, a lightened on primetime TV, was enough to cause a national scandal in Britain.
But last night, he called an audience of up to 12 million people,
fuking CU next times.
I can't, you can't see the words.
So that's as we have to play this little game, you know?
It's the effort in a C word, fuking CU next times,
and mirrored it only 73 complaints.
How do you like that?
The singer's outburst came during ITV's smash hit,
I'm a celebrity, give me out of here's live eviction program,
where lightened was told by presenters, ant and deck,
that he hadn't been voted off the show by the viewing public.
Oh, fuking CU next time,
he claimed adding that he had hoped to be voted off
so we could go trucking in the country.
That's trucking.
ITV today apologized for lightened's outburst
and said it was looking into ways that delaying the broadcast of the daily live eviction show
to edit out any offensive language.
Art and deck rush to say sorry,
I'll be in their trademark ironic style, ant and deck.
I'm sorry, ant saying, oh, come on, John and deck adding,
we have to apologize, we're incredibly sorry about that,
but it is a live show.
ITV's been hosted to Fortune ever since it decided
that the final section of the show in which the celebrity's team
learned who's going to be evicted goes out live.
The rest of the show in a continuous coverage on ITV 2 is recorded
or goes out with a 15 minute libel delay.
And of course, not to be outdone by the brits,
CBS is going to put in a delay.
That's how we're going to handle it.
That's how we're going to solve the problem.
And of course, it's obvious by the fact that they're putting the delay on there
and they're not booting them off the Grammy telecast,
it's pretty obvious that they're really very concerned
and very apologetic, I'm ziled.
That's right.
It's just like Bury yet.
No, they're just going to put on a delay
because can you imagine the tune in audience for that?
Now just to see if somehow they try to pull it off again, you know?
Some stunt or pull anything else off.
The music star is Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell
will be allowed to appear at the Grammy Awards
despite Jackson's televised flash.
But the broadcast will be delayed to weed out any more surprises
official said.
Just like this show, just like talk shows in general.
There's a little delay.
I think it's about a 20 hour delay.
Delay, delay, delay.
Jackson, whose breast was beard when Tinkerbell ripped off her bodice
in front of almost a hundred million TV viewers
at Sunday's football Super Bowl causing a national scandal
will present an award in next Sunday's Grammy's
while Tinkerbell will perform.
Both these artists will appear at the Grammy's
on Sunday's scheduled Ron Roker of the recording
anime which organizes music's highest-word-told AFP.
But CBS television's not told us they will add an enhanced delay
to the telecast, he said.
The boosted time delay will give the CBS TV network
which also broadcasts the Super Bowl time to delete
both an appropriate audio and video footage from the broadcast.
CBS said.
The new procedures to be put in place to safeguard against
any unexpected or inappropriate content being broadcast
during the awards ceremony because we're peeing in our pants.
Now, how come all those phones are ringing like that?
WDQM, hello.
Yes, how about adding to the poll about most of us
were outrageous Russian-Limboz drug use.
Good one.
Thank you.
That is an excellent choice.
Well, we can do it.
Okay, just when I passed along I thought it was a good choice
and figured I'd think about it and pass it along to you.
It's a fabulous choice and thank you so much.
By the way, Wilma says the shipping will be in at noon.
Oh, Bob.
Thanks, Pally.
Yeah, how about that?
Let's put that on there.
Rush drug.
How do we want to word it?
Rush Limboz and junkie.
Yeah, that's good.
Rush Limboz turns out to be a junkie.
Or how about finger pointing?
Rush Limboz turns out to be a junkie.
That hypocrite is a crack.
He's a finger pointing Nazi.
We can also put on there as long as we're adding.
I didn't want to put a burden on Eric because I don't want to.
He's done such a fabulous job these last couple of days.
Ericans were being inundated with billions of hits.
It's amazing.
But I was also thinking about how about Danny Boy?
Oh, that's right.
It's fresh.
It is fresh, man.
It's almost like a slap in the push.
It's fresh.
So Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick it.
How's that?
Okay.
Well, I like wording it that way.
Hey, Wayne.
Nice going, Danny Boy.
I always said it was on your side.
I mean, really?
How stupid can you be?
I know he's not a rocket scientist.
After all, he went to pit.
But really?
I mean, why didn't you think about this in the first place?
Although, you know, the good part of it is it just
embraces Wayne and the organization.
That's the part I like a lot.
And it also gives this radio station just lots to have the people
call it.
Well, what are we going to do?
The Dolphans ringing their hands even more than usual.
So let's add that one on there too.
Now, you're passing these on to Eric.
I'm assuming we are.
Although Eric is so on top of stuff right now, you don't have to
really worry about it.
He is whatever you said to him the other day, it really got him off his
fat ass boy.
He is just so he's so efficient that it's frightening.
In fact, he's so efficient that what I'm thinking is that during the show
every day, I'm going to like keep giving him updates and all of the stories.
It's just a joke, Eric.
There was just that one.
Okay.
Just don't get all panicking now.
Just a joke.
You know, he's under a lot of pressure up there.
1027.
Oh, Tom Brady did go to Disney World.
Did you see the pictures right on the front page?
A lot of newspapers?
No.
In fact, Tom's a pus was right under Janet's exposed breast.
It was a lovely thing.
Hey, I'll tell you who we'll talk to about Janet Jackson and her teeth all day long.
And that's Jeff Cohen, man.
You'll have to travel long, far and wide to find a pervert like Jeff at the
pizza lot.
He's a real wild and crazy kind of guy.
Our kind of guy.
And the food is your kind of food.
It's fresh.
It's delicious.
It's great.
Every kind of pasta dish under the sun.
They got chicken and veal and seafood, three different kinds of fabulous pizza.
Calzone, super subs.
The best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your purse.
I'll bet you George's life on it.
Every Monday at the loft is LaZone United.
Two days egg plant night by one of these dinners.
These nights get the second one for only five bucks.
Wednesdays like tonight.
Kids eat free with adults and they can see Jeff's famous magic show.
Wait till you see what he whips out.
Thursday is bite night at the loft.
Come on a motorcycle by one dinner.
Get the second one for half price.
If you want great Italian goodies at very, very modest prices.
Big fresh portions.
This is always the place.
You can take it home.
You can have it delivered.
Whatever.
Either there you have it even for free.
If you know the rimmers.
Call a 954 916-8880 for takeout or delivery.
954 916-8880.
You'll find a pizza loft in the original Broward location.
Right there on university.
Drive between Griffith and 595 and a pizza loft.
Plasma beyond Pier 1 imports with loads and loads of free parking.
Pizza loft.
Not the fastest.
Not the cheapest, but the best in the universe.
Live and local.
Here's Sports Radio 560-CUA-CUA-M.
Here's your show.
You can find a few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
A few.
Ab icy.
Is a storm last year.
Is a storm last year.
Is a storm last year.
Is a storm last year.
Is a storm last year.
Now this fact you just sent me, this is special.
They even misspelled their own name I think.
Well there is no name, and I don't blame them.
It says Neil, I'm tired of everyone making such a big deal of this Janet Jackson thing.
And KNOW, now one has mentioned the performance of Beyonce Knowles,
who's a hell of a lot harder than Janet Jackson will ever be by the way, even I know that.
But beside that, and can also sing, but beside that.
Yeah, it says doesn't the NFL promote the team's cheerleaders?
No, don't confuse us for the facts.
Okay, don't say what that Debbie does Dallas crap again.
I mentioned that the other day, and everybody, whoa, don't say that.
No, of course not. The NFL is upstanding and very pure, man.
They're like, I've reached a soap.
Right. Clean and pristine.
What's in your history? You love this?
Just in from the Sun, this is talk about.
Just in. Hey, Justin. Yeah, I can't get it again, man.
He makes me nauseous. Yeah.
It's amazing that the whole world, at least all of America is talking about
two of the least talented people on the face of the globe.
That's the only way they can get the publicity.
Just and we've been trying to tell you for years now.
Bye, bye, bye. Don't go away angry. Just go away. Just go away.
Bye, bye, bye.
Two of the same men who tried to sell a converted truck to the US last year
were aboard a floating vintage car caught chugging its way across the Florida
streets toward the Keys from Cuba relative said, this is just the best.
If you don't succeed the first time, Marciale Bassante Lopez and Luis Gras Rodriguez,
who were brought back to Cuba after they failed to reach Florida and they converted
51 Chevy pickup in July were allegedly at the home of the newest vehicle boat conversion.
You got to hand it to him, and they're creative.
The US Coast Guard wouldn't confirm today the status of the TillFend 1950s car.
Yeah, I wonder who was like a Henry, a Henry J. You know, they sunk that truck.
I hope they didn't sink this car. Oh, no, I wanted vintage.
It says TillFend 50s car, which means it was even an old Cadillac or maybe a Henry J or a Disoto.
TillFend 50s car or the origin of photos broadcast on TV yesterday,
US policy prevents the disclosure of information to the cases resolved,
such as by repatriation petty officer Sandra Bartlett said,
relatives told Bassante's cousin, Keri out Lopez, Keri out Lopez, who lives in like worth it,
they knew that they were planning a second escape attempt.
My cousin isn't crazy. He wants to be free. Lopez said, that's how crazy he is.
Whatever that may be. Or maybe maybe what he made is he wants to live here.
That's how crazy he is. In the Havana neighborhood of San Miguel de Patron,
Grosses sister said she was awaiting news. They are very brave Valentina Gras said,
when you're so sure of what you have to do, you cannot be afraid.
That's what she said. I know what you're thinking. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Right. See, I'll be to to it for once. For once in my life, nice going, Neil.
You all mandated it. In a previous attempt, the truck boat was kept afloat by Mt 55 gallon drums attached to the bottom as pontoons.
A propeller attached to the drive shaft was pushing it along at eight miles an hour.
On the craft for nine men, two women, one small child, a partridge and a pair of three,
and one of each variety of mammal on the face of the globe.
The truck was sunk by the Coast Guard as a hazardous to ocean navigation.
After being returned to Cuba, several of the people on board applied for political asylum.
But all but grosses were rejected. Gras's application was still being processed,
but he'd become frustrated with the weight. Lopez said, under US immigration policies,
as we know that wet foot, wet back, dry foot, dry back, humans are reaching away,
and the shore is over a lot of the stay while those caught at sea are usually sent back for serious punishment.
See, maybe you can do like any auto repair business back in Cuba.
Maybe you can fix up some of the old gelapis we always see.
And if you come to Canada, you can hop out of playing, go right to the van, I should mention it.
We need the economy, air Canada can use the help.
So come to Toronto and hop out another plane to fly right to Cuba.
I love these cartoons, you see, but they lose something in the translation,
are we putting any of these on the website?
They add them printed them up, so it's not like they were emailed to us.
I guess one could research where they came from.
It's kind of cute. This is the one in Punxatoni, where they're from the Orlando Sentinel's cartoon.
They're all these silly people behind us.
The Groundhog saw Janet Jackson's breast six more weeks of winter.
That's cute. And the Groundhog's got kind of like a default look on its face.
My guess the Groundhog has anyway.
What are you putting me out, pulling me out of this thing for?
Then another one, which boob should be investigated?
It's got two drawings here. This is what's this from from the L.A. Weekly.
Lalo Alcarez is the cartoonist, L.A. Weekly.
And so which boob should be investigated?
Got a picture of Janet Jackson with an arrow pointing to her exposed breast.
And then on the right or, and it's got a caricature of GW.
Which boob should be investigated?
I think it goes without saying if he acts me.
I just one more note on that delay on the Grammys.
The length of the delay, increased from the usual five seconds, is yet to be determined.
I think about a 10-hour delay would be safe.
Right. So that we can pass it by Michael Powell and Jerry Fallwell and all the other goody two shoes.
Right. They can call it live-ish.
Yeah.
The move by CBS came after the powerful FCC on Monday launched an inquiry into the Nipplegate scandal
that stunned American audiences.
Man, their growth is stunted and they are stunned by just a little teeny tiny bit of flesh.
I got the lowdown and the blowdown on that thing she had on.
Yeah. You were wrong. And so was everybody else.
I got it right here in the Toronto star.
Huh? I know exactly what it is. I see it quite clearly.
What do you call it? It's a piercing.
It's a elaborate piercing. It's a brooch like they said.
Metal disc. Metal disc. Okay. It's a metal disc.
It's circular.
And I got all the blowdown on it here in a minute from the Toronto star.
They're going to be selling these like hotcake like halva in Jerusalem.
Already says that's what it says here.
It's going to be some like a paella in Mexico City.
Twenty to eleven at five sixty WQM.
How many let's take a look at the poll before we do the break.
Let's take quick peeks of anything's going on.
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous?
Hundred eighty four votes.
See things are coming down a little bit.
GW Bush and thousands of us troops to war based on lies.
Seventy seven GW Bush deals the two thousand presidential election 56 as in Q 56.
So I can't believe that Moe is competing on this.
WQM hires Moe Howard David in nineteen.
You haven't lost it Moe.
Inron rips off investors for millions ten nine Michael Jackson everything else single digits so far.
Just getting going.
Danny and the telewayne to stick it doesn't have any and what about rush?
Is rush got anything on there?
Finger pointing rush limbo turns out to be a junky only one.
So they're just getting into it.
And of course most of it doesn't have to do with nipple gate so you're not too excited about the other choices.
Hey inter-ex diabetics is a good choice to make because it tastes great.
A good the meal replacement drink that anybody can drink and enjoy because it tastes good for you.
And for p a diabetics as well.
Inter-ex diabetics sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar so there's no nasty aftertaste.
Like you get with almost all the other drinks which contain aspartane and saccharine.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they've been a big freak and hurry.
Inter-ex diabetics is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus.
It's got fiber and antioxidants at its low and saturated fat and cholesterol.
Inter-ex diabetics is also gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can can provide 237 calories of easy digest nutrition.
You said that trying to rest diabetics once you'll never go back to whatever you're drinking before.
You can pick it up all over town at publics, Walgreens, records, Navarro's, Sedano's, Noah, Anglesa, CBS, not the local pharmacies too.
In fact the makers are so sure you're going to love their product that they're giving away some free.
That's right you get a two pack you can get you a free two pack with one sample of vanilla and one in chocolate full size samples by calling their tool free number.
1866-368-3739. You can order on their website at inter-ex diabetics.com.
Just click on what it says for your samples.
Be sure to mention the needle cinchabife and the delicious one that gives you some additional special gift.
Here's that tool free number again for your free two pack of inter-ex diabetics.
Call 1866-368-3739.
My, my, and local, this is 43560.
You ain't way, you ain't way.
You ain't way.
You ain't way.
You ain't way.
I've only one big dick to the neck.
No point in doubt, so down.
We got it.
That way we'll put me in shape.
You got it.
We go the toughest of all.
We got it.
Where is the first one?
Here's the first.
You say line 11 is what they got you to do me.
Can't get any rubber, but a one-party car to me.
You believe what they say, like they're going to pull a hole,
as they unite.
As they unite, as they escape the cruel.
With two of the election laws we've got it.
Who's she's got in game with we've got it.
They're telling our needs we've got it.
Oh, show it.
Oh, show it.
1048, 12 to 11 at 560 WQM.
We got a few entries to trickle in for a couple of contests.
You can submit your entries from now through the 13th,
which is a week from Sookas, a week from Friday, right?
The email those pictures go out there with your digital camera,
or your old Brownie-Hound camera, whatever you got.
Take a picture, you can do it like at the hockey game like that one couple did.
Or like in your bedroom.
Or like wherever you want on the ceiling on the floor.
And email them to contestednearroggers.com.
And we'll put them up for voting the week of February 16th, the following week.
Couple of the most votes wins their choice of either one of these prizes.
Trip for two to Heedonism and Jamaica,
or Trip for two to the World Oasis casino in the Bahamas.
And the second place to run our pips, whichever one of those fine trips is left over.
Third place, prize dinner for two with the pizza love.
Now when we say dinner for trip for two,
are we saying what we're including in that or not?
I don't want to start getting Miguel all nervous and jerky, but you know.
We'll get a clarification if it is like it was last year or the next one.
I don't know which one goes with which.
One included airfare, then one did not.
Yeah, that would be kind of nice to know.
I don't want to get Miguel nervous like I said.
But be sure and send in personal messages of that website too.
Contest at nearroggers.com.
And I will mention that many, many times today,
if we don't get like a clarification on exactly what these include.
And don't include, okay?
Just so we can be like up and up on the up and up.
We don't need any grief about phony contest like cheap channels doing every now and then.
Mostly now and not just then.
Anyway, here's today's daily not so notable death report.
Thanks to one of our regular fangsus out there who's obsessed with this.
And it's good.
Except for them, I guess.
Eleanor Holm Olympic swimming, swimming gold medal winner and world record holder became the first thing we
else were going to be chosen for three American Olympic teams was booted off the 30, 60 minute scandal
when she was caught drinking and playing dice on the ship on for Berlin.
Oh my god.
She went on to appear in several films including a stirring role in 38's Tarzan's Revenge.
She died January 31st of kidney failure in a home in Miami.
At the age of 91.
Oh, that's old enough.
91. I think 90's old enough.
George Tauok, original investor in Titanic Ventures Limited Partnership,
the group that mounted the first Titanic Savage Expedition in 1987.
In recent years, became involved in a project to try to locate the legendary velocity of Atlantis.
Die January 31st in Bridgeport, Connecticut, of on-stated causes.
He was only 59.
Not maybe now we can find Atlantis.
And Dennis O'Brien, military reporter for the Virginian pilot newspaper, was one of the first embedded journalists in Iraq.
He traveled with Charlie Company, the US Marine, Second Light, armor reconnaissance, but said in from January 2003 to June 2003
before returning to the US and was said to be somewhat traumatized by his experiences in Iraq.
Die January 31st in an apparent suicide at his Northrop Virginia Home at the age of only 35.
Suicide.
Well, there you go.
Let's talk up another casualty from W's War on Iraq.
Is Danny Boy doing anything on a poor nod?
None.
249 votes and nobody.
Well, that's because it's our crowd, you know.
If it was on the sports show, of course they wouldn't have 249 votes all week, but nevertheless.
Danny Boy probably have all of them.
All how many votes would they get?
In a week, that figures for QM.com.
Oh, sorry, Josh.
By the way, if anybody wants to take that turkey off Josh's hands, he'd like to hand it right over to you.
Just like the turkey that W handed the soldiers at the bag that airport.
Here you go. You take it.
No, we don't want it.
But Mikey tried it.
Nobody wants to be involved with at QM.com.
It is a real turdburger, man.
Anyway, here's the inside story on the Janet Sonip.
It says they didn't shield their eyes.
Janet wore a metal disc, not pasty.
And the popularity of item likely to increase.
What exactly was that thing on Janet Jackson's nickel and more importantly, where can you get one?
It asks, when Justin Tinkerbell accidentally, of course, ripped the leather breast cup off.
Jackson's, of Jackson's neo-Gothic courses during Sunday's Super Bowl halftime performance.
The world caught an eye full of breast and little something else.
Close inspection of photographs of the incident reveals that attached to Jackson's right nipple was a silver starburst ornament.
Was it a pasty? Some kind of clip on nipple ring? Neither, neither.
It was a nipple shield according to Tarantonians who are in the know and it works like this.
The ring fits around the protruding part of the nipple and the piercing or barbell skewers it holding the shield in place.
Right, like that drawing, Andrew.
Their decorations says Erica Day who works at the new tribe on Queen Street West.
The shop which specializes in piercing and tattoo arts has several models in stock ranging in price from about 30 bucks to 80 bucks.
Some are playing others more detailed like Jackson's.
We don't sell many. He says a lot of people in the SNM crowd use them and some in the gay community use them.
Generally, nipple shields will be worn only briefly.
God says when you want to spice things up a little bit.
Sasha Von Bon Bon sex columnist and burlesque dancer has seen a handful of people wearing the items at fetish parties and expects to see a lot more in the wake of Jackson's performance.
This occasion will certainly increase their popularity. She said nothing like TV to make people do things.
Oh, perceptive she is Sasha Von Bon Bon.
God, he agrees he says he dealt with countless queries about lab rats.
Steel piercings use primarily around the mouth and lips similar to those worn by David Draman of the band disturbed.
Celebrity trans definitely affect the sales of certain items he said.
Lebretz.
I thought that was a beer. Lebretz.
As for the comfort factor, the heavier they are, the less comfortable for some people says Sasha that's obviously the point.
And if you were wondering whether or not the metal was a touch nippy, so to speak, Sasha points out that like any jewelry, the metal would be warmed by the body.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Got a good article here too.
I'm not going to, we got just too many of them. I'll probably read just a few.
Not third man.
Take me to midnight.
I mean, this thing just, it has no, it has a life of its own. It never ends, you know?
It's a, and of course, now that it's segue into the Grammys with its 45 year delay.
The name Minnan who writes in the Toronto star wrote yesterday, dropped the outrage.
Bra, play was blase.
Blase is what he said.
I'm not going to read the first 90% of it.
He says, you as president George W. Bush, you in a pregame interview, said he planned to watch the Super Bowl with family and friends.
Bowed out of the nipple controversy.
I don't want to admit it, but because this White House starts early, I missed it again, Bush told reporters.
Saw the first half did not see the halftime. I was preparing for the day in fellow sleep.
Right. It says other high ranking Americans were not as disingenuous or diplomatic.
Michael Powell, the chairman of the FCC, blasted MTV and CBS, both owned by Viacom and said the federal regulator
were launched a swift and immediate investigation.
He called the incident a classless crash and deplorable stunt.
All this shock and horror and moral outrage were tough to understand.
Doesn't Powell watch American TV? Sexes everywhere, sex sells, especially in the music business,
whether it's little Kim exposing your breast on the red carpet or Britney French kissing Madonna or Nelly imploring your young woman to take off all her clothes.
And the Super Bowl, the most watched event of the year, symbolizes the nexus between commerce and spectacle.
For 1999, viewers could have even purchased that halftime package including the lingerie bowl, a tackle football game between two models of scatally clad female models.
There were commercial Sunday night featuring lesbian kisses, farting horses and spots for erection enhancing the drugs,
pure phrase of a tagline warning, and erection that lasts more than four hours is not normal and you should seek immediate medical attention.
Daddy, what's the erection?
I doubt that anybody under the age of 35 was shocked by the fleeting side of Jackson's pierced nipple.
Was this planned? Was it a hemorrhoid malfunction? Doesn't matter because to an entire generation it was about a shocking as a cup of hot chocolate.
Ironically, one of the bands that played during the pregame show is Durand Durand, a group that earned some controversy more than 20 years ago for its risque girls on film video.
Today, that 1982 video, when he listed mostly Yawns from board toddlers, and that's the interesting thing about the nipple controversy.
Grown ups are either willfully blind or hopelessly naive when it comes to what the kids are watching these days and you are absolutely correct.
Right, just like the language saying, oh my god, their kids are going to hear those words.
Right, please, as George would say, white man, please.
Yeah, ten fifths, and that what you always say, crack a please.
Ten fifty six at five. No, what Paulie used to say, Paulie, want to crack her please.
Ten fifty six at five sixty WQM. Let me tell you about your mattress, man. If it's had it, it'll tell you your back will feel it the morning and you won't do worth a crap all day long.
If you got a good mattress, one that's really brand new and outstanding and brand name from Valor mattress, you get a great night sleep every night.
So that's the way you want to go because if you're not getting a good night sleep, you feel like crap.
Don't get ripped off now because presidents say it's less than two weeks away, which means the mall stores and showrooms are going to be running their annual phony sales in which they double up the price.
And then they say, hey, look at this. We're giving you half off. Forget about that.
If you want real rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going all year long every day, even on circus, call 1-800 mattress.
That's the number for dial amatrist. No bait and switch. No phony sales. They got all the top names that rock bottom prices.
Seely and service Simmons, King Coral, temper pita can now even stir and Zanvanana's foster choose from dozens of models at low every day discount prices.
And I give you that two hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day seven days a week when it's convenient for you between eight and a.m. and 10 to p.m.
dial amatrist is mighty proud of their overall customer satisfaction and I guarantee you when you call them the first time you never think of calling anybody else again.
I've been using them for years and even George and Bokobrian, Miguel and Fatboy are calling dial amatrist now.
If you want a great night sleep, if the old mattress is headed, call them right now. They'll be there before the end of the day.
Call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at macrors.com.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your blame. Any questions?
It's 11-1 at 560 WQM. Your desperate station for the new millennium. We got to we got many, many great stories on our website if I say so myself.
One headline, Hutzbler, that name is Pearl.
Does he have a lot of Kutzbler?
Richard Pearl, it is fabulous. It's much too long for me to read on the air but take a peek at it.
If you can't read, have somebody read it to you. Love it.
Richard Pearl, you're like this story. I'm stalling because I got these 80 million Justin and Janet stories including the records.
The internet may collapse under the weight of the tremendous demand for pictures and slow mo and freeze frame and stories and inside addition and outside innings and outies. It's phenomenal. It's amazing.
Like I said before, it goes to show that America is so dead. I thought that only the Brits were emotionally constipated.
No.
Just a matter of degree. And of course, keep in mind that they were our forefathers.
Just remember the Puritans left Britain because they didn't like it there.
Right. Exactly. And so that's why they brought it all here.
Anyway, photos lead to charges and alleged gang rape. It's always a good idea when you have a gang rape to photograph it and take it to like, you know, one hour photo.
Well, what would you do?
That's, we take it right down to Walmart. Gang rape is funny.
Well, anyway, prosecutors in Salt Lake City, no less. Oh, man.
Have charged resuspected gang members with sexual assault and other counts after pictures taken of alleged gang rape surfaced today. One hour photo shot gang rape is funny.
Get out of here.
An employee at the photo shop discovered pictures of several men engaged in sex acts with an apparently unconscious 13 year old girl.
The 30 city attack is reposing for the camera and flashing gang signs. I wonder what else they were flashing.
Investigators said they traced the license plate shown in the photos of a West Valley city residents in Salt Lake City.
The owner of that house directed them to another house. He owned that was vacant because of remodeling investigators recognized that house is the one depicted in the photos.
At the scene, they found earrings later determined to be belonged to the alleged victim and vomit. They found puke.
They found two of the suspects at a different house. They also found gang paraphernalia and a Kodak,
an advanced camera, the same kind used to take these sexual explicit photos. A Kodak, an advanced camera.
Anybody buys Kodak? That's the one thing I'll agree with I'm a son, you know.
Even though I'm from Rochester and I love Eastman Kodak, at least a hundred years ago, but forget about it.
Absolutely. The obsolete is a compliment, to be honest with.
In fact, that's the first thing that comes to my mind besides Rochester, I think the Eastman Kodak obsolete. That was a long time ago.
Before them little slidy hijab started moving in on their business. Oh, don't say that.
Don't be picking on them Fuji people. Like host 50 daily report Janet makes history.
All right. It is shocking. Man, that's just our website. I like to think it was just us, but of course we already knew that it wasn't.
Everybody, anybody's got a website, even like weekly reader dot com. I mean, everybody is just bombarded.
Oh, where can we see it again? Oh, Jesus.
I need to break the bad news to you, but it wasn't really her breast. It was a stump breast.
Right. This body double. I don't say that.
Don't say that. We're burst there. Bubble Janet Jackson exposing her breast during the Super Bowl halftime show on Sunday night has proved to be the most searched event in the history of the Internet.
You don't have to search. Just go on the orages dot com. Right. I think we got the best photos. We got the close up.
We got we got Justin just yanking at baby right off of there. Ripping it in a slow mo freeze frame.
We do because I searched hundreds of pages to make sure that we got the best most detailed one.
On Monday, Janet Jackson and they have time sure received 60 times as many searches as the Paris Hilton sex tapes and any time 80 times.
I'm tongue-cut. I can't even say it. 80 times as many searches as Britney Spears. Well, when you top Britney man, then you're in heaven.
Yeah. Jackson was searched 50 times for every request for the topic that normally dominates on the day after the game. Super Bowl commercials.
Let me say it again. Jackson was searched 50 times for every request for the topic that normally dominates on the day after the game. Super Bowl commercials.
She also received 270 times as many searches as the streaker ran on the field before the second half.
Well, and this is what really depresses me and 350 times as many searches as Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady, who I guarantee is a hell of a lot prettier than Janet Jackson any day of the week.
Janet probably has a better nip.
Janet Jackson wasn't the only person involved in the stuff. Of course, Justin Tinkerbell received 40 times as many searches as he does on a normal day.
How many does he get on a normal day? Probably.
Prior to this week, the most searched event in the history of like host 50 over a one day period was the 911 attack on America, although it's very difficult compare searches for the two events.
It looks like the Super Bowl halftime show was the equal of 911 comes to internet attention. That is to put it bluntly mind blowing. I'm glad they said that.
Are you ready for that? Yeah. Are you ready for this? Locked in. Just goes to show you, man.
Why is it difficult compare it says the Super Bowl halftime show was a single event searches revolve almost entirely around two phrases either Super Bowl halftime or Janet Jackson.
Everybody knew exactly what they were looking for.
On 911, however, nobody really knew what they were looking for. Confused about what had happened not to mention multiple attacks caused like host users to search for a huge number of different terms from the places attack world trade center Pentagon New York City to those attacking us or some of the modern Taliban to a hoax about prediction of the attack, no stood on us.
Remember that crap. Oh, no stood on us predicted. This was going to happen. Just like everything else you predict. Nostral, Thomas.
When's the last time I played that?
Tonight on the Discovery Channel. It's coming up. See how we need a little bit of incentive to take back into the files and resurrect some of these golden goodies.
Anyway, now it says when you had all those different terms together get less than oh Jesus.
When you add all those different terms together, you still get less than half as many search request as we received on Monday for Janet Jackson, the Super Bowl halftime show.
However, you also have to consider the massive rise in searches for terms like breaking news and latest news on 911 and searches for news organizations from CNN and Fox. You should pardon the expression.
There was no similar rise in searches for news organizations on Monday with one exception, the anxious Fudge report which posted pictures of the exposed breath and by the way, Ms. Fudge did a pretty crappy job. We got to meet sideways to hell.
Received 30 times the searches. It gets on a normal day and the increase in new searches on 911 to the all specific searches for 911 related topics you end together and the total is roughly equivalent to the number of searches for Janet Jackson, the halftime show still.
The fact that a single breast received as much attention as the first attack on US soil in 60 years, it says here is beyond belief using their words beyond belief.
Beyonce belief. Right. Oh boy, it's a good thing I just looked down here again. Why? Why? I just had a malfunction there at the junction. I looked down real quick. Didn't poop your pants again. No, not yet.
Well, not until I get to these other 500 stories on the flat. How many more days can we continue talking about that?
Third man. Jesus Christ almighty and probably the Grammys. You have any idea what kind of a two-year audience is going to be for that? Not now that they've announced that delay. What's the perk?
People want to see us are going to really work. Are they going to try to do something? Will we be able to see if they really bleep something out? You know, you know how that goes?
They'll have a standing ovation when she goes up there to present that award. You think I know so. They'll be there be howling. Right.
They'll be hooding and screaming and howling like the letterman audience. I mean, making those like the art city audience. That's the art city audience. I mean, who who who like that? Like a bunch of orangutan like prudence on passions or whatever it means. Patience prudence.
346 votes on the pool, which is shocking in itself. It's only like 10 after 11. I mean, where does this stop? You know what I'm saying?
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous? GW Bush and thousands of US troops to war based on lies 141 GW Bush deals the 2000 presidential election 100 and everything else compared to those two is way, way behind WQM,
Harris Moe Howard, David, 26. That was obscene. And Ron Ripsoff, investors for millions, 22 Clinton, Lewinsky, sex scandal, penis gate 17, Michael Jackson, molest cancer, stricken kid alleged 13 WQM, fire Scott, Phorella, doesn't finger pointing, rush limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 11. Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick it three. Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee alleged one and none yet for Martha Stewart insider trading alleged or just in Janet's super no votes.
Zero for the Justin Janet Super Bowl flap. Well, thank God for this audience. You know what? After all these years, they finally be disturbed by a faith in him. Nobody finds it obscene, shocking, outrageous, unacceptable. They just want to see it over and over again. That's all.
WQM, hello. I love my oxy cousin. Thank you. Thanks, rush. Have a good night. I went on another station. WQM, hello.
You miss him up there. Oh, haven't heard from her in a long time. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pond five hasn't been able to get through with them. So whipped up there. That must be the first sign of things that I comment down a little bit.
Oh, and yes, oh, I got attended this. You will just die. All right. When I attended this, you know how they have ready to go. These little tiny focus groups, seven people here. You know, when the, when the elections are on. Right.
So last night, MSNBC, they had one of their fat reporters out there in, was it Arizona? That's making a difference. I guess it was on a. Somewhere. No, there were seven dark folks. They don't have any Oklahoma. So anyway, they're sitting around in some room and they're thinking about who they're going to vote for, who they support, yoddy, audio. So the after the voting goes on, we come back to them later on. Here's a bald headed black guy like, like, like, complex, like, like, Troy Stratford, bigger head, though. Okay. And he's sitting there. And the guy goes to him.
First, he says, and Reverend Jones, what are your thoughts on the, and I thought to myself, he's everywhere. He is. I can't get away from him. No matter where I go. Yeah, Reverend Jones, I just about peed my pants. I hear John Dean just about. I mean, how are Dean? I made the same state. They're always made. How are Dean just about peed his pants to that is when he started results. All we're doing just fine. Oh, we're fine. We got like 7% here. 5% over there 11% over here.
Pretty weak, man. Pretty lame Howard. Of course, we all knew that Howard was lame. Absolutely. That's not the more we're talking about. Well, he, you know, he deserves credit. He did some exciting things. But now he has to make way for the real contenders, not just be the pretender. No, mold.
Kind of like Julie Brimman did last night. You know that they were talking about having John Edwards as the running mate. He was what he was on the short list for Gores running mate four years ago. Okay. Now, he goes to show you. That's why everybody's running away.
If Al Gore endorses you, of course, to show you what a bad choice Al Gore made bad advice. That would have sent him. If he would have picked John Edwards as opposed to Orthodox.
He to one by a glance. I never even been able to fix the election. What got all those fence sitting goober. Oh, man. What a, what a shame. Now you're such a loser. 1113 at 560 WQ. I'm welcome in the Chinese New Year with the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet from now through February 8, which means another four days.
Joining Emerald coast for their traditional Chinese New Year specialties. How have they specials include roasted duck suckling pig sweet and sour fish and an assortment of Chinese dumplings served every day during the New Year celebration with their Vimeel every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm. And of course, as usual, they got the regular fatalites as well. A whole cramplode them start out with any of six different soups. Try them all if you like dozens of succulent on trays. The likes of which is seldom have seen anywhere. New York strip made a word on their sizzling Asian grill. Their new seafood say Jacques oysters on the ham.
Half show Alaskan stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampi. They have hand carved prime rib their new Thai specialties to a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail as well. And don't forget no MSG no cornstarch, no crap into cooking. They cook everything only with cholesterol for your own to.
And if you have some room left at the end of this incredible pig I just pace yourself save room for dessert because the dessert station is worth it featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well.
Three locations for the Emil coach Chinese buffet in sunrise pine island of 44th Street on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street North Miami Beach in the intersection of flamingo and pepper crows in Pembroke pies take the entire family or book your next business lunch and right now and let the good folks at Emil coast cook up a storm for you.
Take out and delivery available to call 954 5723822 9545723822. It is an amazing feast at the Emil coast Chinese buffet.
Five local this is five sixty three years on your.
You.
Tonight on the Discovery Channel now thrilled honest.
What did he really say?
In the year nineteen ninety nine two great silver winged mechanical birds will crash into a building now two buildings.
That is going to buy this two giant torreted it all will fly to the great city blending into mountains.
No, no, there's the mountains in the city. Well some good maps some I guess wait wait here we are in nineteen sixty one it will be the only here that will be read the same way upside down.
No, no, no.
All right, there we come in the year twenty five twenty five if man is still alive.
Oh, this pinching which they'd hurry up an event on the well lost old honest tonight only on the Discovery Channel.
I didn't know he knew Zagrin Evans did you?
No.
Eleven nineteen and five sixty I just reaching back for something here off the of facts.
Oh, off the copier up the copier facts scanner or whatever it is.
It's back to business as usual at the main branch of the US Postal Service in Manhattan after test of a powder acceptance discovered inside of enrolled non toxic.
The powder was said to have fallen from a standard size envelope inside the facility but after testing inspectors found no cause for alarm.
Hasmat crews were called out after two reports of white powder discovered in two Manhattan postal facilities at the main post office at eighth and thirty thirds read into Morgan postal facility nearby.
A white powder fella one of your former friends by the way showed up to an investigation.
A postal service spokesman said the substance found that the Morgan postal facility turned out to be dust from some sheet rock.
Ready for that now so first they thought it was like maybe anthrax or rice and the turned out to be nothing more than a pile of sheet rock.
The investigation continues in the white powder found at the farly post office and powder found it non below but a mail processing center where anthrax was discovered in 2001 and walling for Connecticut is turned out to be.
Yeah, wood ash.
Oh, that yeah, you told me.
Tested negative for rice and it turns out to be just wood ash.
The race and the powder was found Monday night leaking out of an envelope address to the Republican National Committee.
Oh, now it's their turn.
Remember was all Democrats with the anthrax so they're I guess they're testing out the rice and on the Republicans.
Now let's see one, two, three, four, five.
You'll be pleased though we have only like another half a dozen stories on Justin and Jan and then we can like put the flat to rest for a few minutes.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, we should all over one over do it to share milk it for all we came and that's my comment about that.
Breast thing milk it for all you can squeeze it manipulated and go with it run with it.
Justin riffs booby trap everybody has got this in the daily news today now even just in his mad at Janet.
Justin Tinkerbell was telling friends that Janet Jackson blindsided him with the last second breast bearing addition to their super bowl act sources say.
The pop stars tip over Sunday's bosom bombshell came as the head of MTV which produced a halftime show for CBS.
Blame Jackson for the peep show seen by an audience of 89 million.
Janet Jackson engineered it MTV chief executive Tom Preston said we were pumped by Janet Jackson.
Oh, you know who was on the biography last night?
I give up Salminio.
Yeah.
You remember Salminio?
No.
You don't remember Salminio with the James Dean?
I've heard the name and yeah.
Salminio he's still dead by the way.
And he was gay.
She lied to him at Timberlake pal told the daily news just and had no prior knowledge of the shenanigans.
He thought there was going to be a red bodice when he ripped off her top and low and behold.
There was a nipple.
Oh, God, there's a nipple there.
Well, he doesn't know much about that stuff.
Yeah.
Even I would have known that.
Another friend of Tinkerbell said Jackson begged him for days to team with her for the Super Bowl which they performed his song, Rock Your Body.
She took advantage of him the French said she's a 37 year old singer who's using a hot young star to keep her career alive.
He's about as hot as the Arctic Circle.
Jackson apologized money admitted she gave the show's producers no warning that she was planning any bodice bust out.
It was not my intention for it to go as far as it did she said.
Meanwhile, don't expect to replay the dirty dancing act that Sunday's Grammy CBS which is also televised in the award show said it will use a video tape delay during the broadcast.
Jackson is still scheduled to be a presenter and Tinkerbell is still scheduled to perform.
Wouldn't that be something if he like whipped it out or he tried to whip it out and it turned out was like nothing air.
And told he's a small smoothie.
Now, MTV points finger a blame at Jackson.
See everybody's point in the finger now.
Time Warner seeks refund of advertising money.
This is great.
Singer Janet Jackson masterminded the Super Bowl half time stunt that left to her right breast exposed and prompted a federal probe into TV and decency the head of MTV said yesterday.
Janet Jackson, engineer, we just got through we met the blame on Jackson comes on a second day of fall out after pop idol Justin thinker bell,
Toroff half of Jackson's black leather boost the while the pair were singing to do it.
Where the hell is this guy's name and how to see where the hell he comes from?
The guy who produced a half time show for CBS said Tinkerbell was informed of the stunt just moment before we took the stage with Jackson.
Now, wait a minute.
He was informed of the stunt just moments before he took the stage with Jackson.
The stunt which Tinkerbell said was due to a wardrobe malfunction sparked widespread spread viewer complaints.
Frank's the first and said neither CBS nor the NFL is rescinded or demanded refund of MTV's production fees but sources familiar with the situation said the incident could possibly cause CBS to NFL millions of dollars, millions and millions and millions and millions in fact the sources told Reuters the time order ink.
What was this from?
This particular starts from the Reuters.
No, it's from MSNBC and I wonder nobody watches them. It's a piece of crap. I should just move down to something credible.
In fact, I'm going to go to the other one.
After paying for a half time showing instead getting a peep show, AOL may demand some of its money back.
The Super Bowl was supposed to be AOL's chance to shine the first salvo when it's new $200 million advertising came in and of course on the show we hate AOL like poison.
We despise AOL.
They're the devil.
In fact, I've said to this George even hates AOL more than he hates Bell.
No, I mean, no, let me try it again. More than he hates South.
No, almost as much.
No, well close.
No.
The, instead it's $10 million sponsorship at the halftime showing numerous commercial spots turned it away disaster because the Janet Jackson inability keeper closed on.
What disaster?
The whole world is talking about this now.
This is the only thing anybody cares about.
There are people dying.
All kinds of crap going on. There's rice in the mail.
Nobody cares about these things.
We had seven elections last night.
Anybody care?
No.
Even the candidates.
As soon as the primaries as soon as the numbers were in, where do we go back and see that replay again?
Her stone prevented AOL from streaming the halftime show online, which was part of its original deal.
Aha.
Well, why couldn't they have like bleep that out?
Are they that inept? Are they that incompetent?
That's why we hate him.
AOL spent yesterday disting itself from the controversy while AOL was the sponsor of the Super Bowl halftime show.
We did not produce it.
The company said in the statement like the NFL we were surprised and disappointed with certain elements of the show.
AOL has doubled its advertising budget this year hoping to attract more users.
Last year the company lost 2.2 million subscribers and anybody with a brain will say one thing to AOL.
Bye bye bye!
Immediately if not sooner.
I'm banging the butt honey.
Okay.
Hey guys, you want a cheer up? Have Britney sit on your face?
Alright.
Make that old acne clear off when Britney sits on your face.
Yeah.
Forget about your wife, a girl for now.
Neal and St. Grace.
Better shave off that beard and stash their eights pick up the paste.
You're really gonna love it when Britney sits on your face.
Imagine the view of Bob and when Britney sits on your face.
Ben's over, it looks like a frown.
When Britney starts sitting down.
Britney sits on your face.
Yeah.
Britney sits on your face.
Imagine Britney's fierce leaving her clothes all over your floor.
Knowing it just a minute or two we are gonna score.
Oh!
Wipe off that ditty beast too before Britney sits on your face.
Careful not to bite or chew when Britney sits on your face.
Stop dreaming and clean up your place.
Cause she wants a brand new face.
In your dreams.
Number 32 at 560 WQM.
This just in the Massachusetts High Court today ruled that only full equal marriage rights for gay couples,
rather than civil unions, would meet the edict of its November decision erasing any doubts
that the nation's first same sex marriages would take place in the state beginning in mid-May.
The court issued the opinion and response to request from the state senator about whether a month style civil unions,
which conveyed the benefits but not the title of marriage, would meet constitutional muster.
The much anticipated opinion sets the state for next Wednesday's constitutional convention
where the legislature will consider an amendment that would legally define marriage as a union between one man and one woman,
without the opinion Senate President Robert Tavillini said this vote would be delayed.
The Supreme Court, the Supreme Judicial Court ruled in November that same sex couples have a constitutional right to marry
and gave the legislature six months to change state laws to make it happen or else.
But almost immediately the vague wording of the ruling left lawmakers and advocates on both side of the issue,
uncertain if her monstile civil unions would satisfy the court's decision and they said, uh-uh.
So there you go.
So there's another big flap in Massachusetts.
Look at how many votes we've got man, in an hour and ten minutes.
Yeah.
451 votes.
What is going on here man?
Thank you again Janet.
I'm not going to say thank you Justin because he makes my skin crawl plus he's blaming her for.
He's put it on her ass.
And she took the responsibility even though she's lying.
That's right.
What does she care?
Her family's got so much other heavy duty crap going on with how does she care about this?
She just said, yeah I planted that way.
What'd you think?
Right.
Give her all the credit for it.
Right on.
Go out and buy Janet Jackson's new album.
Okay.
Go out and buy her new singular new album and a whole bunch of stuff.
I want to know his mind and just one of those metal discs too.
Damn straight.
451 votes.
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous?
Let's start at the bottom.
Okay.
Let's start right down there at the bottom.
Correct them.
400 like I said.
452 votes.
Robert Blake kills Bonnily alleged only one.
Justin Janet's Super Bowl flap only one.
How do you like that Michael Powell?
You asshole.
You prude.
You idiot.
You what is it again?
Overrock prude.
One from Arthur Stewart insider trading alleged.
Eight Dan Moreno tells Wayne to stick it.
WQM fire Scott Furell 13.
Michael Jackson, Melissa Cancer Stricken, Kid Alerts 14.
Finger pointing Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 14.
Clinton Lewinsky, sex scandal 22.
And Ron Ripsoff investors for millions.
Stop third man.
QM hires Mohawar, David and 32.
He's in third place.
But a week third way way behind W.
He can't hold a candle to him.
GW Steele's the 2000 presidential election 130.
And George W. Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies 186.
41.1%.
Out of nearly 500 votes.
Damn.
Chocking in it.
WQM hello.
Any news on the hurricane signing Willie Williams?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
I heard they hired they signed Walt No Neck Williams.
Is that they signed?
Neck or American Joyce can verify that.
Walt No Neck Williams just signed with the hurricanes.
A 20 year deal.
WQM hello.
Pstatic apple.
And you know, you wonder why we don't take a lot of calls.
We just dropped in one here and one there.
Hey, only once a day you idiot.
You moron.
You schmuck.
WQM hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to say that the only people who should be getting upset over Janus Bruster's
National Geographic magazine.
I think it's because she plays your eyes from a 1965 issue.
Keny is got game, you know, right down to the starburst cluster.
Who was it?
What were you saying?
Jordy?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, kill.
He sounded like Hank Hill, a cartoon character from TV.
Oh, that was Hank Hill.
5 6 7 0 5 60 on speaking of that.
I'm glad he brought that up.
Even with that fake voice.
Let me just say this to you.
Okay.
National Geographic.
There are TV shows.
Right.
How about PBS when they do those documentaries and they show those like, huh?
That's not brilliant.
I see.
Okay.
But I thought that that nipple and the breast was dangerous.
And with these shows that I'm talking about or within that family viewing time.
Right.
Before like everybody on the age of 100 is asleep.
You don't get it.
The breasts of underdeveloped people are not dangerous.
I see.
Well, thank God I just discovered that.
It's kind of like their animals.
Anyway, Bob says did anyone ever think that Justin Tinkerbell was right when he talked about a wardrobe malfunction.
After all, it probably was designed for both breasts to be exposed.
No, Justin couldn't finish his usual.
That was my joke on the day.
Excellent point, Bob.
As far as the Grammys go, don't worry.
The next step will be to have the nightly network news on a tape delay.
So the FCC can improve or edit all stories before they aired.
It says Carrie or Canada in 04.
Very good.
That may be one of the best factions of all time.
Thank you, Bob.
I'll make way for it to border.
I will have you clear to come on in.
Justin Janet and weapons of mass distraction rights.
My good friend Katrina Vanden Hoover in the nation.
I never used to read anything until our our suit listeners.
Well, I guess I'm paying a lot more attention to the nation website now, which is great.
Plus, it's a lot cheaper than going out and buy the magazine.
Anyway, Katrina writes.
Justin Janet and weapons of mass distraction.
The investigation will be thorough and swift.
Paul said yesterday our nation's children, parents and citizens deserve deserve better.
That would be Michael not colon.
Paul and this is not about that investigation.
And those pesky missing WMDs.
It's that high level probe into who knew what and when about how Janet Jackson's breast.
Adorned with a silver nipple guard was exposed by pop idol Justin Tinkerbell before millions of upstanding Americans during a super bowl half time show.
Surfing Tuesday morning shows.
I bluerly counted more time devoted to heated discussion about one Tinkerbell called a wardrobe malfunction.
Then to debate about the administration's hyping and cherry picking excuse the word of intelligence in order to mislead the nation into war.
But I'm not shocked that our TV culture cares more for weapons of mass distraction nor my shocked at Michael Powell's shock.
As executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy Jeff Chester points out,
Powell is trying to distract the public and press from any of the impact of his decision last June changing the media rules and making CBS among
of this far more powerful.
Powell's rule changes have done more than anything to support the rude,
rude business model of the big networks of fact he's hoping his investigation will obscure.
And let's not forget as Chester reminds us that CBS is now lobbying the Bush and the White House and the GOP leadership for more favors after the administration learned
leaned on Congress to cut a special deal two weeks ago on TV ownership allowing via common fox to keep extra stations over the previously legal limit.
How about an FCC investigation into that kind of a decent seas she asked could feed a van to the whole elimination.
Anybody care about that? No, they don't. They only care about a city, baby. A little bit. He's a city. I can't imagine when I'm playing after the break.
I give up. I need 400 guesses. My first 25 don't come. I like that. But a lot more than you do. I don't know why. I like it. I like it.
It just reminds me of something. Frank Zappa.
Did I run you a little Frank Zappa? Ask.
Titty little Bobby Brownish. Nothing like having a little Bobby Brownish.
We got the mad dog at two. The hopper is in the studio. Like I said bring your oxygen and gas mask. Can't be in the studio.
4 to 7. I were wind him in the four to five hour. Hurricane. I don't want to go through the stuff. Okay.
If you like the hurricanes basket. Vulture on Waxie. Okay. You hear the beginning of it on our station. But after we're after when it gets to the good part. Turn over to Waxie.
If you're a Panther fan, we got the Panther preview a thirty nine. And then the Panthers at the coyotes. The finished coyotes. Not a midnight. Oh boy.
I can't even begin to imagine how many people will be there for that. Eddie K. Follows the hockey game and Joe and Mark overnight.
2 to 5 in the A.M.
I am. This is sports waiting on bicycle. You way.
Dr Howard Dean governor. Physician. Searching for a way to pack into the American voters consciousness.
Then in accidental overdose of embarrassment. All through his body chemistry. And now.
With our Dean Rosangri or outraged. A startling metamorphosis occurs. With the creatures driven by rage. And pursued by a nation of reporters.
In California. In Texas. In New York. We're going to South Dakota. And we should get. And then we're going to watch it. He's seen it. Take back the White House.
The creature is one of the Tyraid and Iowa. Howard Dean's political future is believed to be dead. And he must let the world think that it is dead until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him.
It will take a herculean effort by a busload of spin doctors to change the public perception of the governor.
The only living creature in his life who still believes in him is blind death mute dog. Lucky. The creature must run to protect himself. But where will we go?
We're going to California. In Texas. In New York. We're going to South Dakota. And Michigan. And then we're going to watch it. You see it.
Dr Howard Dean is. The incredible Joe.
14 till noon at 560 W. We got a late minute lineup change. Be sure and get your eraser out. Always with a QM lineup. Have a pencil and eraser. Do not ever write in in Delabling.
Boops. They're in for the Humper this afternoon and probably Hank was listening took my advice rather than chance it.
Because he just came back from Vegas. And then I see tomorrow is going to be doing it. The world by him. So rather than take a chance. That's a world by him. We're all Caribbean. Same difference.
We're going to take a chance in that studio take his life in his hands and his health. It's a good choice. I mean, the book is young and strong. He can handle it.
So Boops. Shamby who's a great play by play guy. Great on a Marlowe games ought to be doing the entire Marlowe games by himself and Schmidt can't boring terminal of Pandora's Dave and boring. But anyway, Boog will be on four to seven. I'm assuming. Still would I win them four to five.
I'm assuming why not? He can handle it. We have over 500 votes and it's not even new yet. I mean, this is just something is going on out there. And like I said, thank you, Janet. Thank you. Thank you.
Which is gracias. Gratis me.
Protecting the purity of American or also the belief. Not what is it? How you say? Thank you.
Thank you. Well, I got my eight words. That's written on my armpit protecting the purity of American children or what exactly is obscene. Now this is written by Bridget Shone.
Shane Shone, who's an international conference interpreter of Austrian National and lives in Vienna, Austria. Okay. This is how some of the rest of the world is looking upon America now with his tiddy incident. Okay.
They would his big flat over a little booby. Bridget says last night, February 2nd, the German public TV channel, ZDF, edited its primetime news program at 7.15 p.m. with the report about the Super Bowl game the night before.
At first viewers retreated to the display of nationalist fervor flags flying American virtues extoll, which is not only highly unusual in today's Europe, but also leaves Europeans rather uncomfortable.
It reminds them of the times when such exhibitions of Jingle was a more common in Europe as well, and it really reminds them of what followed from that. In short, it reminds them of a lot of dictatorships in Europe during the last century, and they often find such pictures obscene.
Oh, he's already off to a bad start as far as the bush people are concerned, right? You bet.
Oh, then ZDF treated the audience to the sequence where Janet Jackson's breast is briefly exposed, the commentator added that in Puritan America, this is considered a scandal.
We can assume that many Americans felt rather uncomfortable about it and considered such pictures of scene.
As American friends assure me the going argument is there were children watching this ever since that I've been pondering about the innocence and purity of American children.
One thing that struck me was that a naked female breast is considered obscene in America while it is at the same time considered an outrage that Muslim men view the entire female body as something indecent and don't want to exposed in public.
I'm not quite sure why the fact that a naked breast is obscene in one culture is okay while it's considered ridiculous in the sign of oppression if other cultures find the entire body of women from here to two obscene if you'd naked.
Or the other way around, why is any part of a female body so obscene that it's not to be seen by children?
On the other hand, it is obviously not considered obscene if American children can watch the bombing of towns by their own people on prime time TV and actually watch people die live from CNN.
It is not considered obscene if American children watch other children without limbs amidst rubble, without any relatives in Middle Eastern, or in relation to countries.
It is not considered obscene to watch children on TV who are starving.
It is not considered obscene to be shard with violence on TV or to play violent computer games.
It is not considered obscene to hear about minors on death row in certain US states.
None of the above seem to be viewed as something that might deeply disturb American children.
But if American children can get a glimpse of a naked breast, they're bound to be damaged for the rest of their lives to judge from the reactions in America.
European children do after birth see a lot of naked female breast for quite a while.
Apart from that, they see a lot of naked female breast on films, on TV, on billboards, and on public beaches while they grow up.
So seeing naked breast is no big deal. Are European children as a result more violent than American children? Are they more prone to becoming criminals for that reason? Are they more disturbed? Not that I know of, she says.
Many European parents think on the other hand that their children might get damaged by violence on TV or in computer games.
They might get damaged growing up in a world full of aggression and injustice.
They might get damaged in a world where the poor are left to die.
So right now, a lot of us are somewhat bewildered.
What do American adults expect to happen when a child sees a naked breast? What kind of terrible damage are they afraid of?
What incredible unspeakable trauma will occur when surely must outdo everything else an American child is subjected to in his or her life?
That they might one day find a female breast more interesting than waving their flag maybe?
Written by Bridget Sean.
Who is an Austrian interpreter of lives in Vienna, Austria?
In the name of the German people.
Isn't that great? It is great.
I like that first part there where the announcer on CDF showing the Janet Jackson thing he says, in Puritan America this is considered a scandal.
Just like the penis gay thing with Bubba and the Vodja of same thing, rest of the world was like laughing or ass laughing at all my God.
And they did.
Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and the rest of the world is not.
Let's jam in a whole bunch of calls here while I take a rest of the mold is reading.
I want to get off on this reading jag again.
Sport a good thing while it's just starting again.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You know it's a drag now and I find it up seen I have no idea the titsy shadow because I had no idea what punched the county filled it.
Did on Groundhog Day.
And what's it odd that who was it?
Willie Nelson and what's another country singer was singing together when one is from one extreme with the extract from the other.
Toby Keith?
Toby Keith.
Yeah.
Once.
And you know what's the scene?
Yeah.
You know what's the scene?
He said this call.
Yes.
Yeah, absolutely.
Mr. Wexler.
Yeah.
He's talking about that they got the approval to put the perners on these voting machines.
Yeah.
They're holding up the money so that we could do anything.
We have a problem.
We can't recount anything.
And you know what I mean?
What are you talking about?
He's one of the ones that is demanding the right.
Exactly.
He did and he got it and and and in Palm Beach they voted seven seven nothing for it and yet bush and everybody else is against it and give him a hard time and trying to say his bushes have seen while I would agree with that.
In fact, look at our website.
Democratic slogan.
Right.
No more read my lips.
No more bush.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Are they not going to be looking at that too?
See they'll be looking at those pictures of Janet and Justin and then to be looking at that other thing on there that's a thing.
A clut.
They'll be thinking that song.
Was that what it is?
It's a camel toe.
Right on.
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous?
Look at the votes 536.
It's not even noon yet for Christ's sake.
Do I can't say that?
What?
Do a thousand again easy.
We can do a thousand votes a day like during the show is a regular course.
This is amazing.
You'd almost think somebody was listening.
I don't know.
I don't know what to make of this phenomenal because when you read that thing about light coasts and these first of all,
where would anybody who isn't listening to this show know about our website anyway?
Right.
Right.
Unless you think that if you did a search for Janet Jackson, I don't think so.
Would it?
Let's find out.
Yeah, do a search for Janet Jackson and see if it likes links everybody up with our website.
Wouldn't that be great?
I would be sensational Eric.
I would be like make 15, 20 cents before the end of the day.
Wow.
That would be fabulous.
Then he wouldn't have to be going, whoa, like that all the time.
Right?
So do that search.
Of course, what do you do the search?
How about you, Martin?
I want to do a Google.
Do an Google, Google, Google and Google that pressed 560, 560.
I like that last caller.
He was my kind of call.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Pretty good, sir.
How you doing?
Excellent.
Excellent.
The nice article you just read.
Is that anyway a chance going to be posted on your site today?
It's all right.
It's already there.
Great.
And the other thing, you're trying to talk about how many hits are coming from people that are listening.
If you found out how many hits came from when the show was on until it stopped, that would be a pretty good thing.
But people also check it out at night as well.
Right.
Now, but what I'm talking about is compared to our usual response on there.
I mean, granted that there are probably a lot of people who listen to don't pay attention to our website because they don't find anything interesting.
But I'm saying that some of this has to be coming from people who ordinarily didn't even know about this show.
Oh, yeah.
And that's a good idea to have that, Janet Jackson, Google search link.
The year site.
Absolutely.
You bet.
All right.
Take care, sir.
Thank you.
Yes.
I don't have the time to look at all the 21.
I'm sure you don't.
That'd be 85 million, right?
I'm sure it's in there.
It's one of those 21,000 plus.
21,000 plus results.
I put in I put in Janet Jackson.
Holy moly, man.
Played America like a fiddle.
Nice going, Janet.
You go, girl.
Never liked her before until until this moment.
I never really liked her.
Now I love her.
She's got to cry her brothers asked and we'll put her in that after we give her the glove.
We can give her all of his money.
Whatever he's got left.
And I guarantee she won't be molesting them little boys.
Although I don't know what her is.
Is it her or Latoya that's supposed to be a dyke?
Both.
I don't know.
I think what I'm trying to say is like a slightly dysfunctional family.
Look away, socially dysfunctional.
So infer what you will.
Yeah.
But well, but she was the Latoya was the one that was being oppressed and suppressed by the group all out in Vegas.
That damn fact that I can't stand up.
Now that different one.
Janet is a notorious hose beast.
Really?
A hose beast?
Sure.
I'll be damned.
Well, maybe she can put out just inspired.
She likes a big and black and hard.
I didn't say what.
I really don't need to say anything now.
Do I?
For me, I could just leave you hanging or so to speak.
For me, it's till until noon 560 Q.A.M.
Why?
And local.
Your stars really don't 560 Q.A.M.
This is damn a little bit.
I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back up out of my nose.
And that's when I listen to the Neoratures 12 to 1 hour.
In an episode of track, younger viewers, C-SPAN now offers a brand new reality show,
Skydiving with Howard Dean.
Join Howard Dean as he gents across the United States, jumping out over some of his favorite states.
California.
Texas.
New York.
California.
Florida.
Michigan.
And that was gonna watch it in this field and take that away.
And coming soon to Washington DC.
Toronto.
Is Skydiving with Howard Dean.
premiering this week on C-SPAN.
From noon at 560 WQA.
I'm the breast and the brightest.
This is the last one I promise for today.
Okay.
Unless I find some more about that.
Well, you know, it's getting the points a little bit ponderous.
The rest of the world is laughing and pointing at us.
Silly.
But see what some people don't understand is.
I mean, the silly part is the reaction by Michael Moore and all the goody two shoes.
The reaction by the American public is because number one, they're oppressed.
They're, you know, they're tied to being like a censored and all of the other crap.
And number two, they look at it.
You want to know why because it's there.
Because they can.
That's all.
Right?
Right.
They're frantic to see it.
Everybody else to see it.
I want to see it.
I want to take a look at it.
Touch it.
Is it real?
Is it mammary?
It's a real mammarax twisted.
Right.
Yanket and pull it.
And that's what they're doing.
They're looking and pulling and yanket.
And so what's not to like?
At any rate, the breast and the brightest.
This is written by Richard Blow.
Can I say that?
No.
I'm sorry.
He's executive editor at George magazine author of American son of portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr.
And writing a book about Harvard University.
His columns are very often in Tompaine.com, which is a great website.
And on our website as well.
The breast and the brightest.
It has come to this.
The Federal Communications Commission announced that it plans an investigation in the exposure of Janet Jackson's right breast during the Super Bowl halftime show.
That celebration was tainted by a classless crash and deplorable stunt commissioner Michael Powell said he wasn't referring to Josh Groban's freakiest tribute to the Columbia astronauts, which featured a man in a space suit standing goofily on a fake moon surface.
Not that the Columbia astronauts actually walked on the moon, but whatever.
Our nation's children, parents and citizens deserve better policy.
If you've been living in a cave since Sunday morning, a quick recap.
The Super Bowl halftime show featured a medley of performances, including Janet Jackson, P. Diddy, Nelly, Kid Rock, and Justin Tinkerbell.
Technically, Jessica Simpson was part of it, but she actually didn't see anything.
Then again, it didn't look like any of the other performers actually saying anything either.
Lip-snicking was the order of the day.
Anyway, Justin and Janet danced to duet and at the end of it, Justin grabbed the leather cup covering Janet's right breast and...
...ripped it off if you believe Tinkerbell.
A red liner was supposed to cover Jackson's skin, but he ripped that off too.
For about a half a second, if you looked really hard, you'd kinda sorta see Jackson's breast.
But even then, not really, as the drudge report later showed in a great close-up, not like ours though.
Jackson was wearing what I can only describe as a throwing star nipple ring, which suggests either that she had wisely prepared for the incident or that Janet Jackson wears some really funky jewelry.
The outrage came fast and furious.
The NFL announced that MTV wouldn't be producing another halftime show any time soon.
Typically, offended newspaper columnist wrote articles like the Boston Globes Jackson and Company seemed to new low, which would in fact be an interesting thesis to debate.
And inevitably, cultural conservatives saw a prime opportunity to engage in little fundraising.
Both the Family Research Council and the Parents Television Council, headed by right-wing media critic, i.e. nut, Brent Bozel, cranked out high-minded criticisms,
predictably CBS deeply regretted the incident and Tinkerbell apologized too.
In my vision of heaven, I dream of having to apologize for ripping off Janet Jackson's breastplate and half-time of the Super Bowl.
This is what some of this grab is a dense cultural moment, so let us unpack some of its ironies.
First, CBS and MTV are both owned by Viacom, which obviously saw a chance to exploit corporate synergy by hiring MTV to produce the halftime show.
I don't know about you, but it warms my heart when massive media corporations try to force corporate synergy on the unsuspecting public and wind up being investigated by the FCC.
Second, CBS is the company that wouldn't air an anti-bush ad by moveon.org because it didn't want to offend the White House and Conservatives, just as it spiked your Ronald Reagan miniseries to avoid defending the White House and Conservatives.
And then it runs a halftime show which offends the White House and Conservatives, how quickly all the previous sucking up is forgotten.
Third, let us not forget that this outrage is all about a half-second of partially nipple-arranged covered breast.
This is an hour-long game of brutal violence, CBS certainly didn't hesitate to show blood spilling from one player's nose in the first quarter.
In a sport with a steroid problem, many of whose players have taken to owning unregistered guns, while other players have encouraged to become so obese that they risk dying on the field, yes, it's definitely the breast that we should have worked up about.
At least there wasn't any other female flesh to attempt the Godfaring Man of America, no scantily clad artificially enhanced cheerleaders whom CBS kept using as a segue into and out of commercials, for example.
And I'm sure that Visa used the bikini-waring women's volleyball team to promote the summer Olympics simply because of its athleticism.
What's really going on here? While American hypocrisy about sex, of course, we run ads for drugs that help men get erections without ever mentioning the word sex.
We grow irate and expose breastamens and orgy of capitalist decadence. We nurse from the breast of children, but we fetishize it as adults, make it an object of lust and taboo so that showing a breast the source of human life becomes worthy of government investigation.
It is literally a clash of human nature versus corporate culture. The Super Bowl has become the first American corporate holiday, a nationwide celebration of capitalism. We watch it for the ads. Any element of spontaneity threatens the corporate control of people's minds and yes bodies.
That's why I love the rebellious symbolism of the guy who streaked across the field, which of course CBS wouldn't show. That's also why the corporate producers didn't mind the lip-syncing, mouthing the approved words as the perfect metaphor for this synthetic event, actually preferable to the authentic but imperfect human voice.
The Super Bowl is capitalism's equivalent of the Soviets may day parade, or North Korea's beautiful but robotic domestic demonstrations featuring tens of thousands of thoroughly indoctrinated pawns.
In contrast, Justin Tinkerbell's Burring of Janet Jackson's Breast Reminds, we have the American soldiers who broadcast hidden hand signals as their Iraqi captors were videotaping them, a clandestine attempt to subvert monolithic propaganda.
For the individuals involved, the stakes are very different, of course, but the ideological conflict man versus machine is much the same. So of course there'll be an investigation with so much at stake, how could there not be?
I have just one suggestion. While they're at it, couldn't they investigate Led Zeppelin for selling its songs so Cadillac can hawk SUVs? Now that's one musical travesty that's got to be stopped. Right for Richard Blow.
You go and dick low, you go dick. And if that isn't good enough, that's the end of the flap for right now. Okay. Okay. I promise. Well, unless I find something really juicy.
But US military blames lat dances for declining military discipline. Oh my god. You like that? Yeah. So that coming. I wouldn't be surprised if John Ascroff now these finished coming up them breast on them statues.
When he finishes every last breast and every last penis on a statue, at that point, sex will be out. Well, that's going to be Patriot Act number 69. No more sex in America, only for procreation purposes period and they'll be checking to make sure.
The US military is as South Korea to ban lat dancing and other loot acts at local nightclubs near its bases, saying they negatively impact military discipline.
The official said the military was taking similar steps at other bases in the US and overseas against lat dancing. Oh god.
The US Army's second infantry division, which has 15,000 troops near the border with North Korea, recently sent letters to the South Korean Special Tourist Association and local mayors urging a crackdown on lat dancing clubs near barracks.
Describe inclined focused exotic dancing is the principal cause of worsening military discipline. The military letter called for local club owners to prohibit any physical contact between dancers and US customers. South Korean lat dancing clubs are totally dependent on American customers because they're not allowed to take local clients.
US officials declined to specify what they meant by worsening military discipline. We're following trends in the US within a Colonel Chris Bailey, the second infantry division's assistant chief of staff hold a stars and straps newspaper. The US forces in Korea has maintained as consulted mainland laws banning lat dancing.
The more than 90 American installations throughout South Korea have long been a source of friction between residents living near the US facilities who complain of pollution, noise and traffic in the US spaces and occasional crimes by American troops.
Many crimes committed by US service men involved nightclubs near their barracks amid an increasing number of American troops accused of crimes, their illegal protectors become a sensitive issue before the two governments.
The USF cable route out any practices that go contrary to a positive environment for US soldiers, Korean residents and people of all nationalities said, Che Guevara, no Che a Yangtou, a spokesman for the second infantry division. The US maintains 37,000 troops in South Korea to help defend it for I have a guide. Why don't they just fix him before they send him over there?
Well, snippet, snippet and clip it, they didn't have to worry about all these things, then they can really be like auto-matens if somebody wants to.
Now let's see, here's the facts that say, oh, we just can't get away from this can we? I promise we wouldn't talk about this no more until the next facts or the next call.
Says I'm not sure what the problem is that Janet showed her boob just turned to any national geographic magazine or discovery channel. Yeah, but see that's on a cable discovery channel.
You'll see hundreds of African women exposing their jugs. Don't get me wrong. I would lay the Alaskan pipeline on Janet, but if you really think about her boob they're just like any African boobs. Oh, I don't think so.
I've seen some of them African boobs in the jungle. You know, they all bumble a long hole in the jungle.
Oh, man, and real saggy ones, you know, well, they put weights on them. They're called babies. No, no, seriously, they put till I kind of drag them down, you know, don't bring me down.
566705, that's the end of all of that perversion. Now we got to import stuff later on plus a zidian great calls. How are those entries coming for a couple's contest?
I just sent you another one or two. I can't remember. Yeah, well during the break, I'll take a puke at it. You don't forget you got to well, you got plenty of time, 2 February 13th, they'll week from Friday to get in your entries. Just email them to contestatnearrojers.com. Please, pretty please.
And also like I said, if you want to tell me anything else, did he ever come in and tell you what the ideal is on those trips? No, no.
Like I said, if you want to give any crank messages to Miguel, just go to that website contestatnearrojers.com and just lay on all the crap. Tell me the story of your life.
Ask him any silly question you want. 612 votes, George. It's 10 past noon. If you don't worry, children are. Oh, I don't want to talk about that kid in Sarasota because it's too aggravating. And then you get all whipped up about it. Yeah, I do. Well, I see I happen to think in this case, you're a little bit carried away. Sorry. How old was she? 11?
Yeah, she looked more than 11 to me. I clutched him more like 13 or 14. Right. Nevertheless. Well, no, you can't look. You're not going to say 13 or 14 year old kids. You're going to know where they are at every minute of every day.
Those are the way things ought to be and the way things are. Right. And what is the way that they ought to be, Mr.? They ought to be your children should be able to walk from one place to another without getting abducted and kidnapped. But that's what they can. They can't. Right. They can't.
So in other words, so what are you suggesting that you have like a bodyguard, the street unattended that you drive your child from one place to another or your child can't go there?
So what if your kid goes to the mall with their friends? Who's driving them there? Maybe they walk. Maybe they have maybe there's a shopping mall like a half a block from. Huh? Sorry.
Not my. And what if your kids are walking home from school? It doesn't happen. I'm not talking about you, but anybody in other words, nobody walks to school. When I was in school, of course, when I was in school, people weren't getting the handcuffs to speak.
Likewise, likewise, I was running the streets since I was five, but that's not. Well, that's your explains a lot. Don't forget a two 15 this afternoon, George will be running up and down. I was very rude. She's got some good crap. Yeah.
You can't let your kids out anymore. Now they're saying that NASA is going to help find that girl. Did you see that? They're going to digitize. They're going to like digitize and analyze and satellite eyes and get everybody's eyes and see if they can find it.
I'm going to go to 11 year ago and sorry, soda. I've seen that thing. Not nearly as many times as the big flat, but you're seeing that enough. And you want to know why? Nobody got naked because they have it. No, they've got it. So we'll see it over and over again.
It was 617 votes on our poll on neo rogers.com. This is so staggering that even muffin clearance. You got their finger up each others as trying to figure out, gee, what is it?
Stuff had to explain that clearance was just a roid. Asteroids. Six in asteroid.
617 votes. Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous?
George W. Bush and thousands of US troops to war based on lies on a pack of lies. 258.
GW Bush deals the 2000 presidential election right there and broad daylight. 174.
Let us in. Let us in. In Ron Riftoff investors for millions. 44 W.
Q. M. Harris Mohauer David at 42 more. You're slipping a little bit. Sweetheart. You're down to four. Absolutely.
Clinton Lewinsky sex scandal old penis gate. 26. So in America, we had penis game. Now we got nipple gate. Wait until we get back home gate.
Michael Jackson, the less cancer stricken kid alleged 24 finger pointing rush limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 18.
W. Q. M. Fire Scott for L 16 Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick it.
10 Martha Stewart insider trading alleged to just in Janet Super Bowl flap only a pair man. We got to see one, but only a pair and Robert Blake Hills body Lee alleged only one because everybody knows the bitch had a comment.
I think we're making some progress, you know, right? 12 13 at 5 60 W. Kim. If you want to make some progress in your life, if you got a really crappy job, you're not getting paid Schmidt and you like to get yourself a real paycheck every couple of times a month.
Here's the answer to call our friends at fast train. That's the way to do it. You can start a brand new high paying computer career, no time at all. And have you a big fat, impressive paycheck in no time like I said. And just four short months fast trinkered up. You get a new high paying computer career in the demand for computer professionals.
Like we've been telling you for a long time is grown at an ever increasing rate fast. In other words, so call fast train today at one 866 fast train with seven locations fast trains by to have a campus close by where you are fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people who qualify with day night and weekend classes. No excuse no more to stay in the day and job.
And if you register now, you can have that new high paying career in just four short months by June, no less. So call them today and have a big, big, impressive one as well. A big fat, useful paycheck and a real career.
Check them out on the web if you'd like a fast train dot com. And when you do make the call, please be sure and tell that Todd direct to call one 866 fast train.
And look all this is for trail by city.
Way to a man.
Is that help?
I do, I do, I do.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
I think I'm single again. It's hard to believe. I'm married a friend.
Do you know me? My name seems like a play and it wouldn't be.
It was to blame.
Was to marry a no one that's with me. I will never set me not with me.
I'm single again.
But so what we know my legs and no fun. No baby, baby.
Look at that. We hold. We had it enough. I'm not at any.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Arizona.
Carrie wins hands down your pants 43% Clark 2017 14 Edward 7.
Delaware.
Carrie 50% Lieberman Edwards 11% Dean 10 Clark 10.
Missouri.
Carrie wins big.
You won five of the seven last night.
Winds huge in Missouri 51%.
Edwards said pretty good there though.
I thought 25%.
Yeah.
Dean, can you believe in Missouri?
Dean had only 3%?
Clark only 4.
Do Lieberman who's dropped out 4?
And even Al Sharpe.
See, one interesting thing about this election,
and they had tripled the turn out in Oklahoma,
that they had the last time in 2000.
Just about every state was reporting record breaking turn outs
except in North Dakota where the weather is so bad
and there's only eight people there anyway.
Because people are pissed off and fired up.
And a lot of the black folks,
rather than wasting their interview with some of those black folks,
including Reverend Jones.
And they said that rather than wasting their vote
by voting for Al Sharpe,
and just as they symbolic vote for the black candidate,
they were voting for the candidate that they thought
could lick bush.
New Mexico, Carrie 42% Clark 21, Dean 16, Edwards 11.
North Dakota, Carrie wins again.
50% Clark 24, Dean 12, Edwards 10.
Oklahoma, that was pretty insane to watch.
You notice it was a...
30 men, 30 men.
30 30.
Clark had just a handful, just a tiny,
he had like 1,300 more votes than Edwards.
So these had 30, Carrie had 27.
It was pretty good 30.
And Oklahoma for Carrie to get 27% is pretty good, I thought.
Lieberman only 6, Dean only 4%.
Wow.
Give it up, Howard.
You're going to give it up?
Absolutely.
South Carolina, Edwards 45, Carrie 30,
Sharpe 10, Clark 7, Dean 5.
That's the breakout of that crack.
Got it?
Got it.
Good.
How about that Danny Boy, huh?
How is he doing on our pool?
Just looking at them.
Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick it only 11.
He's in double digits, but he's running an ass end of the double digit ones.
It's just not our crowd.
I'm not saying our crowd don't care about Danny Boy, but they just figure it isn't quite as important as all those people die in Iraq for no good reason and being lied to.
And I think they may have a point.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, me, how are you doing?
Okay.
All right.
How do you send links to your web page there?
How do you send them?
Yeah, how can I send you a link to your, you know, if you guys can check something out.
There was an article in the book.
You can email it.
You can email it.
Okay.
There was an article in the Village Boys' yesterday about one of these Republican tricksters.
I think it's going to stone.
Working with that, Sharpe 10.
Yeah.
I saw that.
I'm not all that carried.
I'm not blown away by that.
I saw it.
We had a fact about that this morning.
We had several.
Yeah.
Lots of paranoia.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm dirty tricks.
You know.
Well, I see how Al Sharpe and his making about as much impact as the frogs fart.
I wouldn't really get all that whipped up about it.
Well, I'm not getting whipped, but I'm just like it's just one of them.
One more interesting fact that that's all to this election year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we got a long way to go.
I'm not going to see nothing yet.
Thanks a lot, Paulie.
Have a great time.
Hi, Daily.
Take care.
Don't anybody else faxist that story about Al Sharpe and then the Fudgy Ports says this and the Fudgy Ports.
You know, take about 80% of what you see on a Fudgy Ports with several grains of salt.
And then stick them up and colders ass.
Why?
We're going to cook up a decoy, a Trojan horse.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be somebody that had like Joe Lieberman at a real chance?
I'm not looking for any of that crap.
Okay.
Wait till the real campaign.
So it's in you'll see your detour.
It's a yinging man.
Let's begin the Fudgy Ports.
You're a good friend, Matt.
You're close personal bunk bug buddy.
Matt says in tomorrow's New York observer, author Gail Sheehy talks with former Nebraska Senator and 9-11 Commission President Bob Kerry sources tell the Fudgy Ports.
Senator Kerry tells Ms. Sheehy that the Commission is scheduled to meet privately with Condoleezza Rice this Saturday, February the 7th with Condoleezza with Dr. Rice.
Her testimony will not be sworn or made public, but the Commission has not yet decided whether to use its subpoena part to compel public sworn testimony from either Dr. Rice or the President.
Bob Kerry declares himself in favor of requesting sworn public testimony from Condoleezza.
Senator Kerry calls the President's new Commission to investigate a racquetelge and favors a political maneuver.
The 9-11 Commission already has the racquetelge in its purview.
Kerry tells Sheehy that Senator Republicans light up the increasingly high profile of the 9-11 Commission are no longer insisting the Commission will plead its work by its original deadline.
With the heat increasing, the Administration realizes that the Commission must not be allowed to release its report before the election.
Suddenly that made deadline originally meant to curtail the scope of their investigation, isn't looking so beneficial to them.
They want to give the Commission six months just enough time to get them past this year's presidential election.
The Commission only hopes the Commission has of doing a thorough investigation. This from Ms. Fudge.
Do you remember that article we had several weeks ago? Many weeks ago about how the right wing has already determined that W is not going to win in re-election?
Remember that right?
It's already written, and here is a pawn of the ultra-right Ms. Fudge, who now is starting to pin things like this.
This is not an article that he linked from someplace else.
This is own rambling here about Condoleezza and about the 9-11 Commission at all of these things. Wow!
How do you like that trigger in the wood pile, huh?
I'm talking about Ms. Fudge, not Condoleezza, that would be bad.
27 past noon at 560 WQM. Hey, if your carpets look like hell, here's the way to get them looking just like brand new and call our good friends at dry concepts.
They simply are to make it very easy for you the best in the business, follow the bouncing balls.
To make your carpets come back to life and look just like brand new.
I've been using them in my homes, and I was going to say my house several homes for over 20 years now.
Dry concepts, certified train technicians know their stuff, they know how to dry clean your carpets, which means they suck out, not with their mouth, but with their machine, a...
All the dirt deep down in your carpet, believes in looking brand new smelling lemony fresh and vibrant in color as well.
They're drying a couple of hours, it'll be like a miracle right on your floor.
They also have an unbeatable job on your upholster, your area rugs, your furniture, your draper, all of these things.
And you can also save some extra cash off the regular low price.
Don't forget these folks give you a written guarantee price before they start the job, but now you can see even more by having them put you under stand by list when you call and save an extra 15% on the already unbeatable job of their superior work.
So call today and say, hey, put me on that stand by list so I can save even more money on my next carpet cleaning.
Call them today, your carpets look brand new, you'll be amazed. Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071. And in between checking out Janet's nips, check out dryconcepts.com.
My life and look, this is 4205-60.
Way to go, yeah.
Entertain the television.
Michael, the tabloids reported that your kids aren't genetically yours.
I used to say, good-mother, I'm my own sperm cells.
How did you get the sperm cells?
I never thought about it, I did it and it came out.
Really?
I heard that when you were, you know, you hurt your arm.
She disowned his father like a YouTube.
Wow, my shoulder is dislocated literally.
Did you do it a lot as a kid?
I've been at mini-time.
Yes, part of boyhood, you just got to do it.
Did you ever get caught?
Yes, my mother caught me.
Tonight on Eve.
Michael, not in the studio!
Hey, son, if you're going to do that, shut the door.
Company 2 at 560, WDQ, you know the hot couple contest pictures you just sent me?
Yes.
From whatever their phone names were.
That picture was in New York.
Which one?
The one where they're sitting like passed out by the poll there.
I see.
Which is either 42nd Street subway sign.
And it says in the bottom there, if you look very carefully.
And it's just the ta-mos.
See?
How do you like that?
Well, I haven't looked.
Anyway, so Eric Fax's very emails me something really amazing.
Which I never even looked at.
Some of these components of his fantastic stats page.
Is that can actually check out.
We can take a look and see where these hits are coming from.
Yes, apparently.
Did you know that?
He just told me.
I see.
102th time now.
I'm not sure what the data I'm on.
I better recheck this.
A lot of them are coming from Google.com searches.
Tons of them.
Tons.
Here's one.
Extra.Newsguy.com.
Etc.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Is there a full-on audience or can I flags the Primary jersey?
No.
No.
Does this line 1 though?
Oh.
Is there a full-on audience or can I flags the Primaryo, who?
One simple guy in the passenger seat with 2 teenagers, sometimes 2.
No, it doesn't work.
You hear anything?
Yeah.
The radio.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
How are you going?
OK.
I'm one of those guys that has been living to you for years and never checked out your
website and I checked it out for the NIVI.
Good website.
I'm not saying that picture of George Bush that they compare his reaction to monkeys.
Yes.
It's a little blurred out.
I'm trying to print it out because it's the most hilarious thing I've seen.
Well, we'll try and clear it up for you, man.
That air is no about that.
And your complexion, too, but it won't work if you keep looking at that Janet Jackson
booby.
OK, good luck to crack.
See, he's working on it.
Find something with this whole thing here, with his phone.
It's not in your...
Oh, see, I knew it.
It wasn't just me.
What happened?
The dots went out for a second air.
Oh, boy.
Holy moly.
Oh, they're ringing here.
They're ringing here now again, but the dots went out for just a millisecond or something
really messed up with the phone.
I think it's the God damn US government.
Absolutely.
WQA and our lines are tapped.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Get your audience.
What do you say?
Oh, please, please, spare us the pain.
OK, come up with some original crack material.
Now when I hit the off thing, it all screwed up.
Again, George Corso strikes again.
Right here at this, you see, we're doing too well now.
We're doing too well.
So obviously, George Corso is back there sticking it in and pulling it out, sticking
it in and pulling it out, probably back there with Bob Vermuth.
WQA, I'm hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Line check.
You're a line, too.
Well, you calm down.
He's just trying to help us out, OK?
He's the most exciting thing that's happened to him in a month.
WQA and hello.
This is beautiful.
This is even better.
Was it, yeah, yeah, yesterday, time flies when you have fun.
And those first two hours yesterday, sure, when everything was all screwed up.
That's going to be the second two hours today.
Well, and then we're alternating, keep you off your toes, keep you off balance.
In fact, wait until you see on our website, it's going to be Janet's luck brush that's
going to be popping out tomorrow.
You'll see for balance.
And then Justin's going to have something else popping out, but not that big.
What?
Line nine, WQA, his thumb.
QAM.
Now, line nine is always there.
You know that.
WQA, hello.
And see this?
I think this thing is fouled up my thing here.
Try, try punching up line seven on your button.
Thank you.
QA.
QA.
QA.
Yes, sir.
Are you there?
I'm here.
I'm right here.
Yeah, you're there too.
I'm here.
Neil, where was OJ when that kid got his throat slash yesterday?
Good boy.
WQA, hello.
Cockroach.
That's what he's smoking or what he's got his tongue on.
WQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I told you Richard Pro was on the air.
Yeah.
Remember?
Yes.
And congratulations on your Patriots, Neil.
Thanks so much.
Thank you.
You told me Richard Pearl was on the air.
He's going to start with that again with Richard Pearl.
I nobody ever heard of.
Don't forget that great article on Richard, the real Richard Pearl at his
hood spot, our website today.
Boy, does he have a lot of hood spot?
You bet.
I mean, not the Potsky around with his phones too much more today.
You know what?
Because I still have plenty of crap here to talk about.
Oh, but we're having so much fun.
So much fun.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
You know, you know, it gets me.
It's the first.
Well, the first time that they had the interact situation, the all the stuff got into the
building.
Now, how come it's time?
Yeah.
It got into the building again.
Why wouldn't it use an offsite mail opening location?
Does that make sense?
Well, I mean, the interact thing was like almost, it was two and a half years ago.
Right.
But the thing is, is that if the supposed alkyd or whoever it is doing this stuff, wouldn't
you have a safeguard and put it in the cell?
Well, first of all, first of all, I don't believe that alkyd is doing rice and okay.
Rice did a great poor choice.
I'm sure that they know that.
I don't think they have anything to do with it.
They've even already said that it's only domestic nuts that use things like rice and
the trotosphere crap out of people.
Right.
But the point is, is that wouldn't you think that you would have it offsite for this way
you don't believe the building again?
No.
And especially when you consider the fabulous job they're doing on tracking down the
anthrax people.
Yeah, right.
Is it looking real hard like O.J. is on top of the line?
You know, in fact, you know something, it wouldn't surprise me if they discover both the
murderer of Nicole and Ron on the same day that we find out who sent the anthrax, probably on the same day and day.
In fact, you know what?
Probably like two days before the election.
Right.
Exactly.
Good luck to us, Pali.
All right, buddy.
Have a great day.
It makes a good point.
But, you know, we don't want to do all these things because it requires a lot of money.
We got to give those rich, the tax cuts again.
Are we more and more?
Lots and more.
Oh, and look at this sun, young moon, the Washington Times coming out there for conservatives.
This kind of a cute thing.
Again, from the Fudge Report.
Yeah, I'm going to use all your stuff, Miss Fudge, and put it on there.
Put the word out.
Droidreport.com.
Go on there.
Okay.
Make that twerk a little money so we can go out and buy and sell some boyfriends.
Twenty till noon until one at five sixty WQM.
How many votes we got?
This is really shocking.
Thanks again, Eric.
You're the best some days.
726 votes.
And it's not even close to one o'clock.
We're not going to make 1,000 or today.
We're not?
No.
It's almost one o'clock.
That's 731.
No, I got 20 to one.
No.
We got 732 votes, like I said, on the pool.
Which of these do you find the most obscene or outrageous?
I don't want to read the whole list again.
We'll do it a little bit later.
We'll get down there and vote as long as you're poaching your model.
Look at the Janet's, Janet's tinny and all this other stuff.
Might as well vote on our pool.
Have a good time with it.
Hey, I'll tell you if your current giving it too good of a time.
If you got problems, take it to the EF Terranauta Repair because they're the best.
They're at 5083 North Federal Highway.
Just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompeville Beach.
At EF Terranauta Repair, you'll experience the difference that experience makes.
Because to make a long story short, they know their stuff.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, current with all their technology.
And most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years, the EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience.
No job is too big or too small of the EF either, whether it's a blown fuse or a blown engine from a 73 Toyota to a No4 Bentley.
EF Terranauta Repair, do it all for you.
All jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman.
And your car will be cleaned upon completion of the work and looked just like Brand Spank and New.
EF honors most extended warranties and they offer you wide-awaited service on most repairs too.
Ask about their 90-day savings cash to interest credit card when you call EF Terranauta Repair at 954-426-9926.
That's 954-426-9926.
You'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway in Pompeville Beach.
EF Terranauta Repair are nationally recognized as one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the entire U.S. of A.
EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that has a lot of money and the EF Terranauta Repair is a company that
has a lot of money and the EF went to America and stepped over the
Cile Dann
What do they have to do with Janet's breast and with us?
Maybe they talked about it.
Here, type this in, do the search now.
Miami.ribles.com.
Okay.
You want to search or that's the one that's...
No, not sure. I'm talking about the address type in the URL.
Okay.
Slash.
Show MSG.
Okay.
And see what it comes up.
One word show MSG?
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot more after that.
We only got a little to a clock.
Unless this is something wrong, I got no, no can't find.
Like I said, 566, 505, 60, pound 5, 60.
It's pretty interesting, but like in my spirit time when I'm like
Twitter with my thumbs and invite my fingernails, then I'll look on there and check that out.
WDQA and hello.
Yes, sir.
I've got a couple of things for Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Neil, I'm sorry.
Don't be sure.
First of all, you realize that whole Janet thing is probably going to be the most expensive
room job in history because Powell probably spent about $10 million investigating that one.
Right.
But you guys could research this a lot better than I, but I seem to remember.
I think it should be looked at.
Surely after the president's visit for Thanksgiving, there was a news article released about the deplorable
conditions that Halliburton was maintaining in these cafeterias in a way.
And charging us like $38 and change a day to feed our soldiers to meals.
Correct.
Okay.
And now, I noticed last week on MSNBC, they'll get a piece on how many of our soldiers are ill equipped
with that their parents here in the States are buying stuff and semi-attirum.
And it's like minor stuff.
It's like fact deaths and soldiers that are locating out are leaving them behind for the troops because we don't have enough form.
Right.
Does anybody want to spend some money investigating that?
No.
No.
What does that tell you about America, man?
They're much more interested in investigating Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell.
That's what's important.
We got our priorities right side up.
It's extraordinary that I administer.
See if they have an investigation like that.
It's like shining the spotlight on it and bringing to attention what you just got through describing.
I don't think that the administration could afford the embarrassment.
You're absolutely right.
It's going to end up being Kerry or Canada.
I mean, just like that thing about the article I read about the meeting with Condra Lisa, but Bob Kerry on Saturday.
The fact that they're desperate now to stall off this 9-11 commission report to the election.
I mean, when you're talking about plain politics and you'll see once Kerry or Edwards whoever's going to win it, I think it's going to be Kerry.
But once we get the Democratic Convention finished and the real election campaign starts for serious, they're going to bring all of these things out and the people are going to be crappin' in their pants.
God, I hope so.
The sheep has got to wake up.
Is that going to happen, man?
That's what the public is doing for the last election.
Just a notion for a sheep.
We've got to wake up.
And the sad part of it is the Democrats waited four years to really take off the gloves.
Just like the thing with the AWOL president now in a White House is acting with this righteous indignation about how dare he say something like this and Bob Dole was on their last night saying the same thing.
They're saying it because it happens to be true.
Of course, it's true.
And the sad part about it is you're right.
It took us a long time as Democrats to wake up and take the gloves off and say, hey, wait a minute. How about becoming accountable?
Okay, forget this crap standing with the lectern saying, well, I'm not going to comment on that.
I don't call you an answer on that.
You're not accountable.
You want to be in the public eye.
You want to be responsive to the public.
Be accountable to the public.
Well, I just I've entered thank you for the time.
It's going to happen, man.
I hope so.
I'm pulling for it.
Hang in there.
Hold your breath.
Have a great day.
He said he's pulling for it.
There you go.
There's a guy's got his own party straight enough.
That's right.
He's pulling it.
Now anyway, get back to this thing while I will do in a second.
Now what's Bobby and I do it on air again?
And Dean Smith.
What's this all about?
Bob Knight and they graduate anyone that spent before I Dean Smith.
He looks like he just turned about 90.
Holy count.
His schnauz keeps getting bigger and bigger.
WQAM.
Hello.
Can I take a ball?
Thank you people.
WQAM.
Hello.
Way too political, man.
Yeah, way too political for you.
I know.
Jackson's breast is way too political.
It's too far to the right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Like I said, well, balance it out the rest of the week.
We'll check out the left one, okay?
To make you happy.
The mouth breather.
WQAM.
Hello.
You know, the interesting thing is if we had like everybody in South Florida tune to the show,
if we had 101 share, it still would make any difference on the call.
Right.
None.
But we love it.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
That was great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If you missed it by the way, it was sounded a little bit more.
Not exactly, but yeah, just something like that.
Like that.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Bobby Knight.
He just had a big fight with the Dean and Salad Bar yesterday.
And he went on a different gun.
No, not with Howard Dean.
With the guy that administered of his college, wherever the hell he is.
Dean Smith.
Yeah, with Dean Smith, they had a big fight because Dean Smith was going to congratulate him on his behavior.
And he went ballistic and went on a rampage with him.
Dean Smith is on CNN right now.
His nose just went other inch and a half during the middle of his whatever he's talking about.
Yeah, that's all for sure.
Anyway, did you, you know the Dave Chappelle show?
Have you seen it?
No.
It is awesome.
Yesterday they had a guy named Negro Domus.
Yeah.
They were playing skits and then one day to get something to have Negro Domus.
Why is Bush so convinced that there's weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?
And his response was because he has a receipt.
I think that was pretty funny.
Yeah, it was about 10 years ago when it came out with the first time.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Got it.
That's St. Louis last year's MOTSA Bri.
Never have any of that?
Still MOTSA Bri?
Don't.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Professor?
Pretty good.
Listen, it's a blow on no more blows.
I think you're putting?
Like a pull and not having more pulls.
No.
Well, what's your problem with the pull?
You don't want to vote on it?
What's that?
What's your problem with the pull?
You don't have one?
No, it's just, I mean, it's just things that I love you.
I'm not.
I'm rather here.
You battle.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you how many times did I make?
How many times did I make references?
Sir, let me say it again.
Okay.
Oh, I should be more creative.
Yeah, you should be more creative.
I have sold with your material nice time to call.
Like in about two, three years when I retire.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Like the pull, how many times did I mention it this hour?
Maybe twice?
Maybe?
You want to vote on it?
Fine.
If you don't, that's okay, too.
It's just there.
Okay.
It's just there.
All this other stuff that I've talked about that I've read all these great calls that we had today.
And I should be more creative.
You should be so creative.
Sir, it's to come up with an interesting, fascinating, fabulous pull.
Something different.
Every goddamn day.
Five days a week.
At least 10, 15.
We see you're whatever I'm working now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10.
So what's the pull result?
Glad you asked.
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or the most outrageous?
And the answers are out of 770.
It's you and I are going to make it to 800 by one o'clock.
No chance of the thousand today.
Things are like coming down a little bit.
Come on, get off the, we got off the titty flap a little bit early.
Thank God.
I see the pie.
One says Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee.
A leds one, only one Martha Stewart insider trading a leds three.
Janet Justin Superbowl flap only four were out found that obscene or outrageous.
Dan Marino tells Wayne to stick at 16.
QA and fire Scott for rail 21.
Finger pointing, Rush Limbaugh turns out to be a junkie 25.
31 say Michael Jackson, Melissa Cancer Stricken kid alleged.
36 say the Clinton Lewinsky penis gate sex scandal.
WQM hires Mohawar David at 47.
N. Rob rips off investors for millions 51 George W. Bush deals 2000 presidential election 213.
And George W. Bush sends thousands of US troops to war based on lies 300 and about 30.
Oh, speaking of that.
The guardian, the Brit guardian says intelligence chiefs ignored warnings from their own leading experts that they could not be certain Iraq had chemical and biological weapons.
A former intelligence official gave crucial evidence to the hunting inquiry claim today.
In comments likely to increase pressure on the government over the issue of weapons of mass destruction.
Dr. Brian Jones, a former branch head of the defense intelligence staff said that the most senior intelligence officials may have misinterpreted key evidence on Iraq's weapons programs.
Dr. Jones, no kin to Reverend Jones laid out his claims in the independent newspaper which said he suggested that not a single defense intelligence expert back Tony Blair's most contentious claims on WMD.
Although there's no unequivocal proof of this.
The expert claimed that a large part of the D.I.S. was unhappy with the way raw WMD intelligence would be used without careful caveats.
In the article, Dr. Jones said he and a D.I.S. colleague formally complained about the Raktosye because they feared that they would be made scapegoats after the war when no weapons were found.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
Anybody here?
No.
No.
You know, it's interesting when we had that when we had the thing on from the CBC about the whole Iraq war and about the whole scandal behind it and about the PNAC and all of these things.
And we put the conspiracy theory thing on our website was anybody like making links to our website from that.
Anybody checking it out from like no.
No.
Wasn't listening.
Of course not.
In fact, most of the people who were listening didn't look at either.
1256 at 560 WQM if you're thinking of buying a new car truck you want to save yourself a whole lot of cash and who the hell doesn't.
And I invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead located on US one just 20 easy minutes south of the E36.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive for to save thousands of dollars on that new Toyota no matter where you are.
Check out these great unbeatable prices.
And O4 Carolla loaded including year that you own for just 12 990 and O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990.
Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota Tundra?
The safest truck in America from just 14 990.
And when you buy a new vehicle that Armstrong's Toyota Homestead you get a free sun pass.
This was the first either in the entire area offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich in the staff will do whatever in the universe it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally owned and operated they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction which is why they've been around so long.
The service department is open week nights to late to make sure your service work is done.
Convenient to get to the run US one and two 93rds feet in homestead just 20 minutes south of the E36.
So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who overpromise and under deliver them called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead at 305 242 3247.
305 242 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
Grab a little and save a whole lot and that great new Toyota.
Here's the course video 5cc.
2 a.m.
Stavant to 2 hour.
Hi, V.
Get a towel or Michael Powell.
I'm the site of Janik's team.
Thanks for power.
So in thing with his he that now the FCC.
His name is all for unity on the TV.
If it was not for his daddy he would not be there.
So now he has to care about what's on the air.
He bit in the stone age.
Put your burger on the day and watch TV the Saudi packs American way.
Get a towel or Michael Powell.
The site of Janik's team.
Make some power.
Close the fire. His position.
That he got food and Buddhism.
What a spoiled and competent square.
One o'clock at 560 WQM.
The mad dogs he managed to to the book in for the Humper at 4.
And then you got all that sports stuff.
It's much too complicated for us to go into any cafe for the Panther hockey game in Phoenix and enjoy Mark overnight 2 to 5.
820 votes.
We might actually make a thousand again.
I think maybe I sold a little bit short.
Come on. They can do it.
Like Martha Stewart. Maybe I sold a little bit short.
Coming out there for conservatives.
This is from Irvin Sun, Mung Moons, Washington Times, right wing rank.
This is really amusing to some of us.
A few years ago, Jeff O'Halloran said he began to realize that he was different from the other boys he knew.
And this is from Miss Fudge's website.
By the way, speaking of being different from the other boys, he knew.
I started having certain thoughts at Mr. O'Halloran 19, a student at the University of Colorado.
I would go out into my mom's car, turn it on our auxiliary and listen to Rush Limbaugh.
How do you like that?
A Clyde.
At what age?
College students coming out of the closet. How do you like that?
Yesterday he said it was time to come out of the closet.
In the middle of a crowded university dining area.
He took to the podium and asked, I'm Jeff and I'm a conservative.
Oh.
And everybody in the crowd covered their head and went like that.
His tongue and cheek revelation came during yesterday's conservative coming out there.
An event sponsored by the Collins Republicans that combined a mischievous sense of humor
with a serious message on academic bias.
We have some of the best professors in the world here at CU.
But some of them are here to indoctrinate us at Brad Jones College Republicans' chairman.
What we're talking about is diversity of thought.
And a lot of professors don't believe in that.
The event kicked off the club's conservative coming out month, which will feature conservative speakers,
and intense to fuel a statewide conservative assault on liberal bias in academia.
Oh my god. Wow.
From urban sun mung moons ultra conservative Washington Times and from Miss Fudge's all over the place website.
Oh my god.
Exactly.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well they liberals give heavily and bid to us.
Bush.
All right.
We'll get to that all the way.
We want to get in a lot of these really good calls today.
You know what?
Hasn't today been one of the better days?
That's tougher.
WQA and hell.
How are you to jump?
Well you got a job.
Maybe maybe Greg Reed to pay you for calling the show every day.
This is like two days in a row.
How much do we want to pay him?
About 30, man.
About 30 set of call.
Who's paying me?
You are.
WQA, hello.
Oh, male.
This is the king.
I'll.
And sign up more like the queen to me.
WQA.
QA.
Hello.
Who are you reading to?
You're reading even eight boring.
You shmuck.
Find yourself a life, okay?
Shmuck.
Final life.
Find a boyfriend, okay?
A new one.
God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a 18t.
Go out there and bathe the moon.
Okay.
See if it'll go away.
Bathe the cockamoon, shmuck.
WQA, hello.
WQA, I'm Ola.
When is this?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A meal.
These people think a nibble is a big deal.
What would they do if they were walking down the damper rack?
And all of a sudden a Dutch person or a German person,
whip it out and took a pee there with the kids walking by.
What would they do then?
Never seen anybody whip it out on the dam rack and take a pee to be honest with you.
I see lots of them on the dam rack.
Plenty of people peeing that stream there.
Peeing the stream.
You know the river.
What they call the river.
The river.
The river in Jones.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Suzy said what they call.
You know, he's got certain lines.
Yep.
But it's amazing isn't it that Reverend Jones actually maybe we can send him an Amsterdam.
Okay, maybe we can barbeque.
Maybe when you go on that tour of the glass bottle, you'll see Reverend Jones down there.
That would be sight.
At the bottom of that stream, you know that canal.
That river thing.
Right, that water we think.
I think he's talking about the tubin and that water we think.
I saw Reverend Jones, you're okay in my book, in spite of what George says.
That thing last night on MSNBC.
I'm funny.
Looked right at that guy and said now Reverend Jones, what do you think?
And of course, I'm the only person in the world thinking holy cow, it's Reverend Jones.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I tell you what, I'm ready to split my wrist.
This country is absolutely pathetic.
Yeah, we got nothing better to talk about than this poor woman.
Janet Jackson, by the way, terrible food job.
But he's 37 years old.
What do you want?
They're getting a little saggy, man.
That's the phone start sagging a little bit.
Probably, but anyway, and that's not what I want to say.
What I want to say is, you don't want to say.
I don't know.
We got nothing better to talk about.
I mean, when you come up with something better and call me and talk about it.
I love those people say, well, why don't you do something like what?
I mean, we don't really play that game anymore to that for many years.
Anything else, whatever you're saying now, whatever you're doing now, we don't like it.
Well, what would you like?
I don't know, but anything else would be like going into a restaurant and looking at the menu and saying,
well, gee, is this all you got?
Well, what would you like?
I don't know, but anything is not on here.
Yeah.
That's the South Florida fukin' way, baby.
Let me tell you right now.
Well, I sure hope that nobody who found us on the website on some other websites is listening to the show
and thinking, oh my god, what are these calls from South Florida?
That's another public service we perform on this program.
It's to keep all your pain in the ass tours the way you're going to have to subject yourself to this sewer,
this toilet, this outdoor insane asylum.
Oh, there's that thing again from Sarasota.
You see, if they can get a better enhancement of the image of the man so that they can get a picture or composite, something out.
You see, every day we have to have something now in the media, we've taken it to an extreme and it started with a super bowl flat gate.
So that now every single day there has to be some new picture, some new image that they show over it, over it, over it.
Like how many times a minute?
About 30 minutes.
At least every two seconds.
5, 6, 7, oh and see the mother's got a cat.
That's why that little girl ran away from home.
She's got a pussycat there.
I hate people with cats.
Can't seem out, I hate the people.
I just don't like the cats.
Although it was a sign these, wasn't it?
It's not, I don't know.
You weren't watching that?
I'm watching the take now.
You better get with it, Mr.
and this is NBC.
No, I know what you're watching.
You're probably watching something sick and disgusting and perverted like on what?
It's not like it doesn't work here as you know.
Even though we're paying you.
What is it?
Are you keeping your finger on that button now?
Because every time I punch this up.
I don't know what he said.
It was like a half a word.
That's all.
See, see this?
See that?
See?
5, 6, 7, oh, maybe she's speaking less on the oil or Italian?
I don't know.
Somebody cue him.
Hello?
Hey, you look good.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Hey, tell me where the growth is.
I'm so bad.
So what?
The growth.
The growth?
Yeah, I'm stuck here.
Any directions to get out?
No.
Yeah, just going north, okay?
If you go south, you're going to be really sorry, man.
I'll tear that right now.
Unless you're going to go to buy a new Toyota.
5, 6, 7, oh, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
See, always thinking.
Always thinking.
Always keeping the out.
All right, let's see if you're going to go down and pick some grapes down here in the
Ranger.
Come to QA and Hello.
QA and Hello.
Hello, just near Rogers.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
George, how you doing?
All right, listen, no, I'm just wondering, was there a Super Bowl Sunday?
Was there a game that Sunday?
No.
No, the Patriots only thought they won the game.
It was the greatest Super Bowl in history, and there is nobody talking about the game.
I have a favorite stand that I am.
I just, it just grinds my ass.
I'm really starting to hear that, Neil.
Listen, I'm pulling for you, though, man.
We can get past it.
I know we can.
I bet you we can.
All right, gentlemen.
I'm pulling on a right now.
I got my Tom Brady naked picture over here.
Got my blow up down.
I'm all set.
I'm in.
And now I'm out.
Yeah, you've been up for a while.
5, 6, 7, oh 5, 60.
That thing about coming out as a conservative on a college campus is so assin' on.
So stupid.
So idiot.
So pathetic.
And so typical, man.
I'm a spoiled little rich brat.
I'm surprised that he's in Colorado, not the U of M.
University of Miami spoiled little rich brats.
Of course, they're kind of like not all that political over there, because they're too busy trying to get their finger out of each other's butt in Colorado.
Correct them.
No, it U of M.
Oh, hey, none of that in Colorado.
No way Jose.
Old rich brat.
Are you kidding me?
5, 6, 7, that's why I said it.
5, 6, 7, oh 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 team for rising line.
Are we going to make it to 1,000 a day?
Because if not, I think we just 845, very unlikely.
155 in 51 minutes.
They can do it.
We can do it.
Now, what kind of a threat can we hold over their heads today?
We'll take all of those naked pictures and we'll never put any on our website again if we don't make it to 1,000 votes by 2 o'clock.
We could put another one on there.
We could put a naked picture of Jeff High, a fat boy on there instead of, instead of, instead of the one of Janet Jackson, he'll be the other one with joy.
We'll put a white on there and if we do, we'll put a hot babe on there.
Like whom?
The other one.
They won.
They can do it.
We'll find them.
How about John Cameron Swasey?
5, 6, 7, oh 5, 60, 849, 151 to go.
That's a tall order.
That's a pretty tall order.
We'll see.
We'll put the pedal to the metal, see if we can do it.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, hey, me?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what of Janet Jackson was white and the guy was black?
Wouldn't he be a girl right now?
That is outstanding if it had been in South Carolina.
Certainly.
You betcha.
Or Jojo.
Yeah.
Or Kansas.
Louisiana.
Excellent point, amigo.
If she would have been white and the guy would have been like, if it would have been puff daddy, puff daddy.
Right.
And JLo, of course it would have been JLo that had like shaved the hair off of the nipples first.
What a thought.
5, 6, 7, oh 5, 60, pop.
Top 5, 60, audio, AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
See, there wasn't any game on Sunday.
That'll make the dolphin fans feel a little bit better.
There was no Super Bowl game.
That was all a bunch of BS.
There was nothing but a pre-for play and a half time and in between all the way around.
Show that you went on forever.
You just missed the best parts.
That'll make them feel better while they're looking.
They're wounds about poor Danny Boy.
That's why I see it never dawned on me.
That's why they're really in a real extra sour move today.
More psychotic than usual.
Because if Danny Boy told Wayne, yeah, Danny had to change a fart.
Maybe eatin' too much in his own restaurant.
That could be.
Arena resigns as Dolphin senior VP of football operations before he ever really even got started.
He said, I don't think so.
You know, I don't think this is gonna pan out.
And Wayne, and Wayne of course got indignant again.
Well, don't you tell me that this, don't you tell me we got problems.
Everything is fine.
Man, what a heart as I cannot stand multi-millionaire billionaire types.
The Steinbenders, the Donald Trumps, the Wayne High Pingers.
But all of that big money.
Always like bitching everybody else out.
You know?
I don't care if you got 50 billion Wayne.
You're still an asshole with a bad complexion and a big bald spot.
1-13 at 5-60.
Or speaking of problems, there's Howard Dean.
Who couldn't even carry his home state of Tennessee in 2000?
Yeah, see, Howard, there's a guy couldn't carry his home state in the heat back.
You notice how Dean started going south, so to speak as soon as he grew back to him.
That's an excellent point.
It is.
Kiss the guy.
They were staying last night.
If the phone rang, in fact, they were telling Kerry and Edwards, if your phone rang in the morning,
it's Al Gore.
Don't and don't answer it.
Good choice.
1-13 at 5-60.
WQM.
He listened to this.
Oh, this is some still a little copy, by the way, but across.
But we want to thank all the people that came out Monday night at Pompey Park for the free-spirated dinner.
That was this past Monday, by the way.
We'll let you know what the next one is.
Don't be showing up there at night and saying, I want free spaghetti, they'll kick your ass out.
But anyway, coming up this Friday, it's a big night at Pompey Park because they not only feature great night time harness racing action.
I'm a casting there.
I got to tell you a very sick story.
I had a dream last night.
This is true.
Okay.
Fat Rich and I are at the track.
Oh, man.
And for some reason, rather than sitting at our table, we're standing down by the window in the clubhouse watching the races.
And I farted.
Like real bad.
And Rich was just aweswooning and making all kinds of comments.
And I thought to myself, boy, you're a good one to talk.
You know, he's had a couple of health issues the last couple of years.
And once in a while, you know, and I never say a word.
You know, I just kind of like, I just put my head over the rail and start breathing real heavy.
You think they were seepage?
If you only knew.
This Friday, February 6th, Pompey Park, Don't Know What You Featured.
Great Night Time Harness Racing Action.
Cycle Casting their fabulous poker card room.
But it's the track 40th anniversary night.
Maybe that's why I was farting up a storm, huh?
Could they have live music, including Chris McDonald's tribute to Elvis show Shane Lamar Entertainment's triple shot band Giveaways,
Free Prize Drawings Family, Fun Night at T-Card display and lots more crap going on.
It all starts at 7 p.m. this Friday, just a half mile from both on on the 5th and the floor to turn.
Pike Pompey Park is easy to get to.
And best of all, they offer you free admission and free general parking every day.
You got your live harness racing in poker room every Monday, Wednesday, like tonight, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
If you Wednesday is a dollar night with dollar hot dogs draft beer and sodas, poker starts at New Nile Midnight Live Racing gets under way at 705.
And don't forget every day, seven days a week, we got cymbal casting from all across North America, starting at noon for you to plunge your guts out.
Pompey Park, Call them for the schedule at 9.5, 4.972, 2000, or go on their website at pompeytopark.com.
Don't forget this Friday, February 6th, the big 40th anniversary night at Pompey Park.
And once more, white love can know, white love can know what freedom you perform.
Postal white and tasty from the fact that it is.
They're failing back to fact the roadie and cheese.
And those in the mid-cheek, just a case they reproduce.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
That's a bonus.
White love can know, white love can know, white love can know.
Do they get us rolling putt while feeding out their guns?
White love can know, white love can know what freedom you perform.
Do they polish up the fish?
My tailgate of their truck, whoa, white love can know, white love can know what freedom you perform.
Seed and standing eat and sit back down again in you.
And watch it all down with its twelve-hack of fruit.
With a life of boredom up the heaven you go.
That only smile upon pouring that gold.
I look to know, white love can know, white love can know.
Baby, I look to know, white love can know, white love can know.
All right, that's what I'm doing.
Eight eighty three we need a hundred and seventeen more votes on our poll today.
See if we didn't have the poll then we couldn't threaten the audience.
Right.
So what they'll fund with that be would that be any fun at all?
No, of course not.
Eight eighty three we need another hundred and seventeen votes to get to a thousand by two o'clock.
Otherwise George is going to come in and make guttable sounds for four hours tomorrow.
Newt and I'm taking several days off.
Wealthy liberals give heavily and bid to ask Bush.
Faced with a new ban on unlimited donations to political parties,
some of America's wealthiest liberals have given large sums to help finance independent organizations
that wanted to feed President Bush in November according to records released by the IRS.
Major contributors to the groups include philanthropist George Soros,
our hero who gave five million dollars and Cleveland based insurance billionaire Peter Lewis
who donated three million.
Hollywood producers Stephen Bing gave two million and Rob Glazer,
chief executive of real networks, the software maker, gave seven hundred and forty five thousand.
Even George kicked in.
About third man sent right on.
But the groups known as five twenty sevens for the section of the tax code that applies to them
have raised nowhere near the hundreds of millions their organizers predicted to be poor.
So such predictions have led to speculation that the groups will take advantage of
loopholes and campaign finance law to become a shadow democratic money machine.
There have been a lot of exaggerated numbers floating around how much groups related Democrats
would raise and spend the big two thousand four election said Fred Worthheimer.
I wonder if he's going to stand Worthheimer.
Don't bet on it.
President of democracy twenty one of campaign finance watchdog group in Washington.
The two biggest groups announced plans to spend a total of $190 million to defeat President Bush.
What these reports are was that today they've raised just eight percent of that hundred ninety
million. Let's go. Let's stay down deep and a cop it up.
Okay. Talk is cheap. Let's cough it up George Soros.
Eight hundred. Now I remember both the Monday and yesterday.
Both days we reached the point where it was eight eight eight remember that.
Yep. It was the anti-Crisis would like twenty four five percent bonus for good behavior.
And we got right now.
Eight eight eight. Oh, I can't believe I did that. I'm leaving.
I'm leaving. I see you must have thought I looked at that before I refreshed.
I didn't. What do you look? What do you see it on there?
Pornography. No seriously. Well, you're you're.
Eight eight three. No, I'm ahead of you.
Yeah, and you're real fast computer there. You got from the Stone Age.
No, this one's a good one. What does it say?
Eight ninety two. Ah, damn it. You're ahead of me.
It actually might have stopped right now on eight eight eight.
My hand today. I'll put it right on the bottom and tell you we're going to do it again.
What over a thousand. I'm not talking about that.
I think there's something ominous there about that eight eight eight.
Yeah. That's why I'm as fat as a cow eight eight.
Not today though. No ice cream today.
No bit in Jerry's. Till later. No nestle. No, I can't.
I cannot do it. Don't do it. If I break through that 200 barrier,
that's it. I jump right out the window. I'm going to pay the concierge to lock you in from the outside.
Test. But if you lock me and I got a lot of stuff in the freezer.
Protests follows denial of morning after pill.
This is one of the reasons why we hate records. See, there's certain things on the show.
We hate Walmart and we despise efforts. I mean, just I would rather croak.
If I if there was the only pharmacy in the world that I could get my prescription drugs,
I would just die. You know, who's up and coming?
Very good pharmacy down here. CBS. Yeah.
I know. Clean. Let's see the sick. Even though I'm out of touch and they're open 24 hours.
Yeah, they are. But I'll take my Walgreens open 24 hours there.
I know. I know. I know. I know. I'll put them up against anybody, man.
You don't like Walgreens. I do like Walgreens. I go there often. I went to the world.
Well, for what's not to like, but you're right. CBS is coming up.
Not to be confused with CBS, which the B stands for bear breast. We know that.
About this is Denton, Texas. These people are pissed off.
About 40 people gathered outside an Eckerd pharmacy Monday protesting what they said was the decision to deny a rape victim,
a prescription for the morning after pill.
A spokesman for the Florida based company confirmed that Eckerd has taken disciplinary action in response to an incident at the store.
You people of Eckerd's man, you ought to burn in hell. They will.
Apparently, there was a request for a prescription to be filled and the prescription was denied based on a moral or ethical decision made by the pharmacist.
And that's not an accordance with our corporate policies that Joan Gallagher vice president of communications for a log or Florida based Eckerd group.
Remember Jack Eckerd? Did he die yet? I don't know. We can only pray.
A perennial candidate, a perennial loser, Jack Eckerd right away, even before it was fashionable to be a right-wing fanatic. He was one.
Gallagher told the Denton record chronicles she can provide other details. The protestors carried signs, some stood silently others chanted slogans.
In fact, this is on our website, I do believe, I think we did.
Here's a woman holding up a sign that says, got raped, questioned, Mark, let someone else help you. Eckerd's won't.
Wow. Nice.
Morning after pills have been sold under the brand name's plan B and preven since 1998, taken within 72 hours of sexual intercourse, the hormone pills are released, 75% effective at preventing pregnancy,
and unidentified friend of the woman seeking the prescription told the newspaper she got the drug from a neighboring pharmacy.
Gay Dodson, executive director of the Texas State Board of Pharmacy said state law allows pharmacists to decline filling prescriptions if the medication could harm the patient.
The law doesn't say the pharmacy can decline because of moral grounds. See, this is in Denton, Texas, and it's the morning after, oh, we're not going to do that. That's killing the fetus, man. That's an abortion thing, but I just got raped.
Yeah, but that, the Bible says, you know, man, what have I told you, we need, we need the Civil War was bad.
Not just because all those people, but Civil War was a bad idea, right? I still say the North and the South divided into because never the Twain shall meet.
There's no connection.
All these Bible thup and Yahoo's man in Georgia and Louisiana and Alabama, Mississippi, and they didn't look at Florida.
Here were those of us who were screaming every time we tried to get casino gambling passed in Florida. How about the session North Florida and South Florida?
It's good enough for the code is good enough for the Carolinas. Why not good enough for us? All right, North Florida, which would be everybody outside of Dave Brown Palm Beach and Monroe counties and all the rest.
Right? We'll take it. We can have casino as we can have a great time and we can like legalize aboard Delos and strip clubs and swing clubs and whatever. Have a good time.
We could spruce up the hotels here. Of course, a lot of your people are going to have to move to two. But that's okay. There's a lot of land up there. Right on.
A lot of them old, uh, no, have no fun. Kubanos. Well, that's okay. Christad, I'll be gone by then anyway. Right. They're going back and they sure they are. Maybe they'll go back in at 57 Chevy.
Let's hope they didn't sink it. Oh God. I want to take a look at it. I bet it was a Henry J. You never saw Henry J did you? No.
Look, do a search on the website. I'm serious. That was one of the neatest, most fabulous looking cars. It had hylphins like a Cadillac, you know.
But that's where it goes in the past. You got your new event yet? The sixth edition. Yeah. Right. The 60 generation. Don't forget. Start for act the 60 generation Corvette is coming up tonight at eight o'clock on Fox.
26 past one. You think we're going to make that thousand. I'm just buying my time to see if we can do it again. I'm just Joe. Buying my time on nine ten. Wow.
Boy, we went from nowhere. It's to nine ten. That's because they were afraid I'm going to put your ass on there again tomorrow and Friday. I'm taking two days off if we don't make a thousand.
That's not so much a testament to me. Is it is how much they hate you like point? No, they don't hate you. They just find you like a little on the mumbly side. You know.
Not as mumbly is Don I miss. And certainly not nearly as mumbly as Tom Broca. There's another one Tom Broca. Barbara Walters Don I miss. Are we anybody out?
That I could pick up the mumbling crowd. We're like that. We're traveling to I miss this morning on MSNBC and he's like, I have no idea what he was saying. He just.
A dead man in a chair maker all that money. I saw my ten gallon head. I tip it to you. I miss. God.
Bokeh Brian says Jackson Byron Eckerd is still alive at 90. Oh no. Jack Eckerd is still 90's old enough. I keep saying that.
Hey, let me tell you if you'd like to live another couple of days in your fact. You're probably on one of those low carb diets.
You know, the atkins, the sugar bar. The South Beach Diet God forbid the Susanne Summers. Everybody in their brothers counting carbs. In fact, now you'll notice that all the.
All the people I want to pet of the products are on onto that. Everything is low carb. This low carb. That there's one story. You can do. We can find all those good things in one location. That's the lights of Westboker.
The store that South Americans have made number one low carb store in the entire country. And for good reason, because they have not just a few not just a small handful like Justin.
They've got over a thousand low carb products to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and lots more.
A Schmidt load of great stuff. They offer you the widest selection. They open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. And you can try anything. The store before you buy it.
Their staff really knows their craft inside and out. And they carry the most complete line of atkins, brands products that run sale today. Next, sookas a week from poor. Every day.
So we know that the low carb diet has been talked about every once so every where by every once. So head to the number one low carb store in the world.
The lights of Westboker on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or call 1 877 low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B.
1 877 low carb. Check them out on the web at lowcarb.com. There's only 1 D lights of Westboker by any account. It's your official atkins retail center.
This is my local sports radio 560. She went to a.m.
First golden gasser. Wonderful WQ am.
This is my local sports radio.
This is my local sports radio.
This is my local sports radio.
My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My
anus. My anus. My anus. My anus, my anus, my anus. My anus, my anus. My anus,
my anusinek. With anus. With anus. This sounds like a
. predicted at the age to be more or less worried. And did I look advantageous?adten's
a mistake date but ajj esport is way worse than achieved with the same 83 seconds. A
rough year sleeps in a very last two or any of the nine minutes in a row. A rough year sleeping
for 1990 or 40 seconds. A rough year sleeping for 1990 or 45 seconds. A rough year sleeping for
I'm the world of
Minus
Minus
Minus
Minus
Minus
Minus
He's the one of me kicked out back in junior high
Said the problem was something
Proled up my ass and died
I shot him in the face with my vapor
The worst happened later
When I covered his desk with used toilet paper
The box in the strip club
My chest was filled up
Moved the bartender took a dump in a tip club
Went over to a dancer had a fucking cigar
She lifted a leg up
And I knew she was a fodder
99% of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about strange noises
Made on the trampoline
You know you will endure when the women rush to leave
You try to hold it back
But she wasn't even relieved
The sky of white castle
Settle is pretty cool
But I had to go
Go drop the kids off
And the boom
My anus
My anus
My anus
My anus
My anus
My anus
My anus
My anus
26-2-5-60-2
I wonder what Michael Powell think of your anus
As a whole
Police dogs suspended after biting second black child in 19 months
This is a scary, you know what, McKee's rocks, Pennsylvania
I know it well
A police dog has been suspended while the investigators tried to determine whether the animal has something against black children
This is the true story
It must be us from the Tampa Tribune, they will make stuff up, do they?
The dog of German Shepherd, or see German Shepherd's don't like black people
Off
And either the golden retrievers
Minpins
Terriers
Afghan Hounds
The dog of German Shepherd named Dolfo was cleared two years ago
The attacking a child because he was black
But Dolfo was removed from duty on Monday after biting another black child
I thought dogs were color blind
I don't know
Dolfo attacked a 14-year-old black girl on January, well I guess you don't have to be able to see color
You don't like dark from white, that's it
It attacked a 14-year-old black girl on January 28th during her crime prevention demonstration of the school but didn't break the youngster's skin
The girls parents said a white student penned the dog without incident before we attacked their daughter
Well maybe it wasn't her color, maybe just didn't like her, is that possible?
Or maybe he was a homo dog, maybe he liked the guy, you know
In 2002, Tana Fissel asserted a two-month investigation to determine if Dolfo was singling out black swallowing patrol
After the dog escaped from police vehicle and put a nine-year-old black boy playing nearby
The dog was taken off duty refrained for retrained for too much of return of the force
City councilwoman Wanda Jones-Dixon, who is black, complained about the dog in 2002
And renewed a request that the enemy will be retired from the police force or be put to sleep
Well how about putting you to sleep, honey? That's what I say
Don't be put in no German shepherd to sleep, you bitch, disgusting
And that tragic? Yeah, maybe just don't like dark folks, so put them like in an all white neighborhood
This is what I say
5670560, pound 560, I saw the Henry J by the way, that's a beautiful thing only
You need to see it from the ass end
It's like J-Load, I really appreciate the scope and width and the tail fins, the breadth, the breast
And the other one you sent me with a 14, whatever that is
That email was blocked because it's determined to be from one of those dangerous websites
So Hotmail has blocked that one to protect me from all those
It's just the website that has been out of full of me, you're just trying to send a bunch of worms into my computer
Kitty porn, VSTLity Kitty porn
That's it, 958 posts we got 42 to go in 23 minutes
It's not a tall order but we got a little pressure on today, it's not going to be a walk in a park like yesterday
958, in fact we don't really even care all that much what the votes are or what's on or even what the question is
It's just a total man, that's all we care about anymore, right? Start in this week
And that's what some of the people in South Florida are so psychotic about
Oh Jesus, see what they want to do is they want to show all the rest of you folks there
Your ass, which is why I just played that, they'd like to show it to the entire universe
Oh there might be somebody listening to McKee's Rocks Pennsylvania right now, let me just show them my
Rack of Mass
W.A.C.A.M. Ass line, hello
I work for food
W.A.C.A.M. Hello
Hello, is Georgia bottom or top?
Middle
W.A.C.A.M. Hello
Hi, I wanted to leave a message for Neil Rogers
Yes, if it's Neil?
Sounds like me, why do you want to leave a message? Why don't you want to tell me to my face? Is it that devastating?
Can I handle it? Yeah, you can handle it
Oh, listen, my name is Jerry Boone, I'm from your history from Brighton, up in Rochester, New York
Oh my God, yeah, and I just, anyway, I was talking to this guy, long story short
But I plan a band, I graduated from Brighton 68
Well nobody's perfect
And that's right, and we have a band called the Sky Coasters and we're going to be
We're in Tampa, tomorrow night, but we're going to be at Mangoes at Fort Lauderdale on Friday night
So one of my guys is, oh you ought to tell me, you know, because he might do a shoutout for it or whatever
A bunch of Brighton people are going to be there anyway, but you know, Mangoes is a great place, so we're looking forward to playing there
When is it again? It's this Friday night
What time?
I think 930 to 130 is the typical, you know, right after they eat dinner there
Okay
I'm not so much
Well there you go, you got your shout man
Oh thanks a lot
No I'm sure, I have a great time, and George says he'll see you there
Okay, thanks
Okay, thanks
Where's the guy from Brighton High, baby Rochester, New York?
That's a great, great school, make no mistake about it
I didn't go there, I went to Brighton Elementary though, right next door
Well I'm Don and Bob's with there, and then as soon as I found out that Don and Bob's ain't there, no more
I said, oh I don't know nothing about that place
Whatever happened to our friends at Vick and Irv's, huh?
I just mentioned that in passing, just in case anybody in sales might have listened
Well you know how it goes
Sales departments that revolving door downstairs at the bottom of the thing
Just keep, just keep spinning around like a cradle
Spinning around spinning around but then again who could put up with screw in that long more than 30 seconds
She said that's all it takes
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line
The booster coming in for Hank at 4
Jim managed to mad dog at 2
And he might actually tell you that there was a game on Sunday night but I doubt it
What about Danny Boyman?
That's all
Hello, where the food goes? All songs represent foods, lovers everywhere
Food, foods, how are they?
Even you and everything that costs lives in food, we love food
The Spood Girls in their only area performance
If you don't see this show then you don't know Spood
I hear there gonna be a mangoes for it in it with those guys from Brighton
144, then we got 990, piece of cake now right?
990 but just 10 to go to make sure that George doesn't rear his ugly head tomorrow and Friday
But then the next several weeks
And look at that phone man
See this guy to call before about the polls and taking a poll
If we didn't have those building poll shows, we wouldn't have squad
And this isn't something brand new, this isn't this show, this is Florida
How about Danny Boy? Come on, let's start the cost for the mad dog
Now what are we gonna do about Danny Boy? And all the BS that was spewed on this radio station
I don't want to mention any names
How's that right?
Because I want to protect the guilty
About Danny Boy is gonna do this and he's not just gonna be a figurehead
And he's not just gonna be in there to pacify the fans
He's gonna be a hands-on guy, we have a rifle crab
Go figure
Yeah, go
Who the hell are you kidding?
Go figure rhymes with Roy and Tigger
How is there what's his name doing?
Roy! And not only him but how about Roy?
5667-0560, pound 560 on the 18 and T
Let's start the gnashing of teeth and the ringing of hands now
Because you just know that that's like for days to come
Thank you very much Danny Boy
Because you get, he probably was, did that in Cohoots was yo in the mad dog?
Because this is the typical, more or more, this is the post-superbowl time
And they can't even talk about the football games Sunday
Because there wasn't any, it was just a titty bearing
Gifts
Beware of titty's bearing gifts
And so as a result of that, I mean you talk about having nothing to talk about till maybe Marlins
So here you go, it's Danny Boy, Danny and this and Danny of that
And Davey and Danny and Danny and Davey and Wayne
WQA and Hello
Definitely, sir
Yes sir, good afternoon to you
That was me on the...
I know it was
WQA and Hello
Hey, you're getting so good now
It's the first word I know it's him, yes sir
Listen, people information, Eckers is going to be taken over by CVS
And they're going to announce it on Friday
You mean Nationwide?
No, just Florida
Alright, that's excellent news
That's the best news I've heard in a co-dead, thank you, Pallee
And have a great day
How do you like that, huh?
I like it a lot
If that's true, which I've known out, he's got like kind of a legit guy
Some lucky he had his thumb right on it
Well, won't that be a breath of fresh air because Eckers, oh geez
And I'm sure that there are some nice people working at Eckers
Everybody's got to make a living
But good, Golly Miss Molly, it's just the whole ambiance of that place
It's just something about you feel like unclean, unclean
Oh, you know, I like the timely service you get when you go there
You know what it reminds me of?
Jack Eckert, who's long since retired from the drugstore chain
He is to Eckers, what Wayne is to blockbuster
Even though Wayne's got nothing with blockbuster, no more
Still, when you think of blockbuster, you think of the bald head of geek
And when you think of Eckers, at least those of us who've been around a hundred years or at least...
Fuck, third minute!
You think of Jack Eckert?
miserable, nasty, hostile
In fact, Jack Eckert was one of those people with the anti-gambling crowd back in the 70s
First time we could try to get casino gambling back in South Florida
He was one of those goody-two shoes, and also the people at Bird Eins were in on that
I just mentioned that in passing
And, you know what else we never even mentioned?
What?
You see what two departments store since there's only going to be about five businesses in a whole world pretty soon?
Verdines and Macy's
Are merging
Well good for them
You see it? Well that's because you don't shop any of the one of me shop at Target
For that kind of stuff
And I shop at... I shop at... whatever, I put dillards
Somebody's got to
It depends on what you're... you're not going to go by bath method dillards
No
And you sure you're not going to go to Walmart and get them and then let us find out about it
So to Target for general purpose things
What did I go to?
I went to Walmart for toilet stuff and I think that's perfect
I think there's something symbolic about that
If I want to buy something nice dillards is nice
See I would... I only wish that the Kimart was still out there by me by the sawgrass
Because even though Kimart was a... it was a crappy ass store
It was a junk shop
But like you said if you wanted a bath mat
But then again they had Martha Stewart bath mats
So like I said Walmart needs so bad always
Target rules
Okay
Dillards good stuff man
A little overpriced
You'll get service man they'll attack you indoors
They'll chase you rash down
You want to go to the toilet?
Oh can we help you today sir
Can I ring up some of that merchandise please please
My kids need to eat please
Now I like dillards
What that means of course that means they go out of business
I like Jordan Marsh too
Out of business
I'm the kisser that if I come in you read the hell of status
You say oh sorry and you know we're just closing up now
Even if it's like the middle of the day if it's noon
Just go into lunch
I got a thousand one
Do you?
Yeah
Dalmatians
I
Sure hope that they are like black people
Well, they probably would because they got black spots
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous
And we got a thousand now quite a George a thousand and two I got
Roooh
Trombones
At the bottom of the list Robert Blake kills Bonnie Lee allegedly too
Martha Stewart insider trading alleged three
Janet Justin Super Bowl fat only six
SACE
Only six people say that that was obscene or outrageous
Release the most small potatoes no big deal
If you don't like it tough to the Dan marino tells way into stick it 20
WQM fire Scott for well 24 finger pointing rush turns out to be a junky 34
Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged 37
Clinton Lewinsky penis gate scandal 39
WQM hires Mo Howard David it that was obscene 58
And boy do they regret it or what just
Enron rips off investors for millions 70 and now the two biggies
George W. Bush deals the 2000 presidential election 261
And G W Bush sends thousands and thousands of US troops to war
Some of whom may never come back
Bishon lies in Iraq
452 and just climbing like crazy
They hate you W don't just don't forget what I said to that
I don't want to like you know because it sounds like one of those conspiratorial kind of things
I think the die is already cast as they say a die-bowd
See the dies cash W is going bye-bye
I like want to be great like on January 20th or whatever inauguration is next year when John Curious warning
Justin can be there to say to W
Bye bye bye
And we'll even give just a little pet on the fanny
You can do it
Bye bye
And look all this is you go boy you'll buy 60
You way you way
Yeah
Over and over into our hit
That Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
3000 people killed
Are not forgotten
Let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be caught in going after satan to play kato summa
There's no longer mention of the name been laudit
But no one seems concerned all
Come be in complacence
Believe in every word of this cartel of administration
That controls us by fear through the day
I'm manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over
And over and over into our hits
That Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide
Table talkers all are saying
But I know that you can't hold on
Any reservation
Out of provoked
Babylon world and annihilation
Old regime must fall in halivert and installed
With no objection at all
And the crap don't have the ball and the right wing is drilling it over
And over and over into our parade was paid
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction
Only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction
And whom would you look at?
Okay 157 at 560 WQM
Don't forget about our hot couple scum test
They're starting to trickle in now
We got about a half a dozen
About three four five six
Something like that
You got through February 13th through a week from Friday to get your entries in
Email your pictures to contestatneilrogers.com
It can be any kind of a couple
Any kind of a pair
Oh and speaking of pair
I'm thinking what we ought to do is have like the nude
I don't know what we ought to do every day or once a week
The nude one
On our website
The naked celebrity
The naked celebrity of the day or of the week or of not of the month
That's of the week
You decide
Of the minute
How many a day
Of the day would be good
Is there like an unlimited
Oh sure there are
You can search for the guys
Huh?
You can search for the guys
And that's what I'm doing every day
Seriously
Who says we're going to find any guys
First of all most of our audience are heterosexual males
Who are desperate
Just dying to see a booby, a cheek
Anything
Right?
So if we happen to find some guys
I think if there was a naked picture of Tom Weyling on there
If we put Tom Weyling, if you guys might be
Swelling including me
But we'll see we'll work on it
But in the meantime
I think that you can get started today
Find one for tomorrow
That's your assignment
That's your assignment
A labor
A labor of love
Oh no
A thousand
Don't be picking on Eric again
I'm not sure if he's picking on you man
He's picking on you man
Watch out for them Rodriguez people man
They're always picking on you
We're everywhere
1040 I noticed including murderers and things like that
1042 votes
Which we don't have time to go through
It's pretty obvious I've seen an outrageous W
In fact just him is obscene
I hope that some of the people looking at the naked boobies and naked pictures on our website will also
Look at the GW obnoxious liar stuff too
We'll let her spurs them
Yeah well they're punching the road buttons
Maybe they can punch some of them buttons
Now
The moment you've been waiting for because after I'm sure his kin there today can maldune
I don't know
Our good close personal friend I sure hope so
After kin does the sports update
Mad dog is gonna come and tell you the real story
The ins, huh?
What?
The story behind the story about Danny Boy
Bye bye bye
Danny Roger Show
I'm classic
He'll be a fan of Miami for learning
Oh
Absolutely
