Oh
They're doing welcome back yo back to this man just saying no there's a big oh
Quite that band backed up people plus one where you shouldn't know ah
Jesus not even we're gonna find that thing I was just playing well. We don't have time anyway, so you just heard a little bit of it
I always I think I'm losing my mind
Well, because my first inclination is I'm looking around like what what am I doing here? What it must be my bad
It couldn't possibly be on that end
But it could be on that end. Oh no must be somehow function at the junction here
I was a lot of funny bit because they need to drive the Sarasota for doughnuts this morning. I see I'm not talking about that whole morning thing
All right, I'm up getting involved now. I just glad that Joe roses back today
What a breath of fresh air after you're having to follow that bowzo the big oh yesterday good guy
It's not personal man. You just suck on the air. You're an idiot. I mean on the air and off the right
I don't know if you think is the an idiot off the air or not
Isn't nice guy haven't talked to him all that much so like I said it's business definitely not personal
But boy he blows anyway now let me ask you another question since we got a lot of fish to fry him
We only got two and a half hours to do it
Well, we really only have two hours, but I've been on tell the audience that wish I'll give her that for noon to 12 30 hour
Anyway, where is Todd direct with my fast train copy that he was gonna bring in how that quizzing that little simple then
That it's in the very first break coming up in just a few minutes here. Where is Todd direct?
Where is the evidence that this man is doing some work at WQ a M?
Do we have any evidence whatsoever? No, not yet
All eyes are focused on that door. I'm sure waiting for that little quizzling become maybe he'll just slip it under the door and
the copy too
Mary McGurray's dead who
I don't say that you know who Mary McGurray was
She died legendary newswoman covered a half century of Washington columnist Mary McGurray
a major figure in the 20th century American journalism a writer of lasting influence
Exquisite technique liberal convictions a contempt for phonies and a love of orphans and delphiniums
died last night at George Washington University hospital a hospital spokeswoman declined to give the cause of death wow
some
Wonderful. Yes, and I never heard of it. Well, let's see she was born August 20, 1918 so that made her 82 85
Well, it says right here. She was 85 but I guess the most luminous writer and clearist anchor in the business New York Times
Communist Marine Dow declared a migraines attribute to her career several years ago and this goes on a great life
Mary McGurray is dead at 85
If you know who that was then you're like a left American probably
Let's take a look we got lots of fish to fry here today. We got two pulls for the price of one
Yesterday's pull the most important athlete of the 20th century was as much as they hated that pool
We still had 18 everyone though. It's how do you like that that too Chevy?
We'll start from the bottom. We'll Chamberlain or any bank down a U have won down the United
Sugar Ray Robinson Pete Samper's Casey Stangle each had two Mickey Mendel
and New Rock me and Mark Spitz and George Armstrong the chief Mary Olamu and Hank Aaron and Ty Cobb
each head three
four before people Joe name with Billie Jean King Willie Shoemaker and other things just moved on me again
I hate when your computer does that don't you? Yeah
David Beckham had five Arthur's ass had five p-rose five speaking of ass
Gordy how we apologize for the spelling of Gordy five will he may six
Sandy co-packed good Jewish boy head seven ten Williams eight Arnold Palmer Joe Montana nine
Oh, yeah, when you think of athleticism I always think of Joe Montana Arnold Palmer in the same same bag
In fact Arnie's squeezing his bag these they had a borrow most bag if they last tournament up there in Augusta
Kurzlund 11 Jim Brown 13 should have been a lot more than that Joe to Azure 13
Roberto Clemente 15 Tiger Woods Wayne Gresti Jim Thorpe and Bobby or each had 17
Lance Armstrong 26 Oh Jay had
10 a 39 Danny Boyd then marino had 56 as in Q56
Love you Danny. You just don't call out in his list. Oh, no, he did it. It's out for the thing
How come John always not on here?
Let me ask you Josh did John L. Waywin Super Bowl. Yes, he did. Yes
Dan marino when I see that's a bad argument, but he just don't belong under Michael Jordan 82
Jesse O'on's 139
Babe Ruth 143. How's Danny doing in a new job with the dolphins by the way?
Babe Ruth 143 Muhammad Ali 234 Jackie Robinson 320 Jackie Robinson who changed the
Complexion of baseball if we can say that
320 votes and no athletes are important 515
20 and a percent. Oh, there's your body money. It will be just spitting blood
But I was sure they I wish we had that clip from yesterday
He was foaming it the month almost got to the point where I liked him
By the way John Kerry is just to make him be synchronized stomach. Yeah
I mean we would think that he should be making
His thing the differences between handed version and no matter what the issue is now
He's more and more the same as voice
Whether it's in fact you came and had a great line out with I miss this morning that you can't we talked about immediately
Soon as Bush announced his marriage with the devil with Sharon on those settlements, which is totally unacceptable
So Kerry went out of the condo's and Florida Pat said and started saying hey, you know Bush has a great idea
I mean just embarrassing hey, there's a buddy. Which one is that the prince? Oh, there's Prince Bandar. Yeah
Three election
Yeah, the the Mold Bandi man, but I don't have time for him
We got the Pamela Sue Martin on our website today on behind-to-be curtain Pamela Sue is born January
5th 1953. It makes her kind of an old babe. She's 51 old back. I mean in West porkenetic. She was born
Dynasty 1981
Fallon Carrington Colby was the neighbor character. She wasn't the hardly boys
Yep, did a real thing and
Nancy Drew, Mr. East you played Nancy Drew. Why didn't know that I did
Because I never watched an Nancy Drew. Mr. I watched a hardy boys because yeah, because they're party
No, Sean Cassidy. I don't like who is the other one. I was in there. I'm oh, jeez
Parker Stevenson very very very good Parker Stevenson. He never stole a freight train. Who was he married to was the
Purshti Ali but not no mo and she says that he has
Tadons he is talent. Yeah enormous a ruin
Jesus
She was not 70 show the Larissa and her show Alfred Hitchcock presents said in her life the love the love vote
Fantasy Island the quest the guest the just star games the crying a wild
Oh, she's been all over the place the girl of hunting the house the Poseidon adventure
Vape Coven Buster and Billy a crying a vile the gun and a pulpit the Hemingway play it could happen to you to
You to fight a man so much there she is she's Pamela Sue Martin and you will not be too pleased with the fact that
There isn't an awful lot showing there, but it's the best we could do and it's a real picture. It's a ripple
Thank you, pardon
Now here's the first poll today and let me say again. We have real heavy duty
We don't have much time to be little in the mouth. It's probably an act of God
I would think yeah, good Josh screwed up the opening there was playing Tommy squeaking through that spot
Whatever that was that was that was just mind blowing
In fact, I got a great idea what we can do for those of you who pick up our HD TV radio whatever the thing is in stereo
Through the left speaker you'll be here in spots and we'll be doing our show and you'll hear the comedy bits in the right speaker just to conserve time
And I'm not complaining believe you me because we love our Florida Marlins band after that thrilling unbelievable victory
Mike Lowell his three home runs takes 12 meetings in Philadelphia
The lead goes back and forth eight to seven Florida Marlins win as they're back on the right track again
How do you like that am I jumping on the bandwagon? No, but I like them a lot when they play really games
Pull number one today should the US reinstate the military draft and I'm gonna tell you I saw this
Chuck from Nebraska, haven't last night
He's a crazy person. Yes. He's out of his mind. He was saying things that just made my blood boil well
You know the president's on the right track
We're doing the right thing over there
But we're gonna need the troops and with all the involvement of finding terror around the world and it's a great
You know a really good idea this yeah, it's a really good idea
And I'm thinking about so here we go with Vietnam all over again
We didn't learn our lesson the first time how many young people and middle-aged people end whatever they are
How many of our people can we bring back in body bags? That's the question. How many thousand
But we can do better than that. Yeah, these people have their way it builds character and this baloney that somehow the draft is gonna like
Catch your all of the you know the wealthy people sons and daughter. They all forget about that who the hell you can
Never did before and wouldn't do it again
But if the republicans like and of course also on there in doing units are castically is my good post-friend from
New York, what's his name Charlie Wrangle? They were on CNN yesterday. Well, at least Charlie was
And Charlie says well if you want to support the war in Iraq
They you know if you're gonna be for it then go and fight it right is what he's saying
So I think Rumsfeld and all the other neo cons who never fought will never serve one day to move her in their lives for their country
I think those people ought to be over their fighting right now
Anyway, should the US reinstate the military draft. Yes our troops are overestimated. Yes, everyone should have to serve
Yes, that'll hit young people to vote. No, don't send our kids to be slaughtered or no, it's fine to wait is now those year for five choices
I can't imagine anything else. Can you?
No, okay now this pulls up only the first hour because then we got heavy duty that other pull that's gonna
It's gonna probably be the longest there when we ever did in terms of how well maybe not we did that one hit wonders
But we change that every day this one's just gonna be like slopping over you know what I mean? What do you mean?
Slopping over just think of screwing you know what I mean where is Todd right by the way
What where is Todd wreck oh, I just got the copy
See yeah, well put it in that fast machine right now because we got a couple minutes there you go
And I swear Todd see you can actually do it you well. I haven't seen it yet. I wrote the date out there just you know for reference
No, no problem. He'll just change it anyway
The worst hit song this is the pull that starts at 11 o'clock the worst hit song top 40 of all time is he went ahead and defined hit song
Well, all the reason that I'm doing this is because it's a big now. It's everywhere as a matter of fact because it is
What's that magazine again what you seem to know and I have no idea what blender?
Maxim blender which you can make some great smoothies in there too as a matter of fact
But they have the worst and again, I've got their list of the worst 50 I originally had only the worst 10
But now thanks to the Houston Chronicle
I got their list of the worst 50 songs of all time and I would certainly take great issue with some of these which you are agreeing before the show
I don't I mean what for example is wrong with
With
What's up by four non-blans here the inspiration by Chicago?
Nothing they're just whatever they're fine. I mean once they get to
courtesy of the red white and blue the angry American with Toby Keith. I say right on your spot on man
I got hockey anyway, so here's what we start it with the worst hit song top 40 of all time is ring my bell
You light up my life seasons in the sun the anxious Terry jacks
We built the city starship now these these additional ones that are on here
This is the top 10 from that Max and Blender pull
We built the city starship a key breaking heart Billy Ray Cyrus everybody have fun tonight Wayne Chung
Roland Limpusket ice ice baby vanilla ice
The hard rock and roll here we lose and the news don't worry be happy about me with Ferran or yeah
Party all the time Eddie Murphy couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack even if he was dressed up in drag
American life Madonna everything I repel McCarty and Stevie. I wonder why they made that song
So there's there's the starter list for you to get you going
Let's see you're oh, yeah, I saw this already somebody fact it but I did not print the shots around as well
It's on a Michael Moore website
He points out that he just got worded his new film Fahrenheit 9-11 has been selected by the Cannes Film Festival the premier in competition
Their next month it's only the second time in the last 48 years that a documentary has been chosen to be in the main competition
The first one of course being boring for Columbine in 2002 and in fact another documentary has been chosen for this year as well
The nonfiction film revolution rules on says a good friend Michael Moore. He's the best
Fahrenheit 9-11 will be in theaters all across the US and the rest of the world this summer
He says more info gossip than all the juicy details to follow Michael Moore you go boy
Okay, look at this this is great. I mean Todd wreck actually having to get off his lazy
I'm not just little ass his pampered ass because he's got naked pictures of screw in and a Billy goat or Billy somebody
I think we could I holiday now oh geez what an achy breake well
10 13 at 560 WQM let's face it even hearing me talk about fast train for a long time now
I told you're blue in the face and probably wanted to make sense for you
Well, the facts are simple if you have the dedication fast train will provide you with a necessary training and they can up
You achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months think about it by the end of the summer
You can be on your way fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance is waiting for those who qualify
Unless you complete your classes fast train will even help you in obtaining that new computer job. What's not to like?
It's really that easy
So just pick up that photo make a call that can change your life for the better in a big time call 1 866 fast train
That's 1 866 fast train fast trains got seven photo locations including Miami
Kindle for the other day of November pine. So there's about to be a fast train campus convened by where you live
Pick up the photo make that one easy call that need you a big bad paycheck real soon call 1 866 fast train or check them on the
Worldwide Wicked Web at fast train dot com
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No
Back in the day when someone's ever strong
We didn't take their crap
In Pearl Harbor when the judge dropped their box
We found them back in other
They hit us hard and on our cards are little plants
As Max on you of an retired voice of others the wrong way
Alright
The United States
By
To
In the USA and the USA
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past
The new ones that yes you feed you drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They bring us to the beach
And anyone who says that obviously
You're gonna need more
And that embarrassed to be an American
Where we pay three odd-to-three
We've a flagon with acid with our head in the sand
And blindly follow the powers that we have ascending
And you're gonna need more gas
it's turning into another Vietnam. I lived through that era and it was horrible. Then he goes on to say,
however, we need a draft, not for this war, but because we spend a fortune now advertising on TV and
radio to try to entice people and to volunteering to join the Armed Forces. Plus, we spend a fortune
in perks to get them to volunteer with a draft we could stop all this experience. This draft should
just be able to stop the Army with people not for this jerky war. Well, I hate to break the news to you.
Arnie, we're already there. And if we do reinstate the draft, which it never going to happen,
at least not during before the election. But if they did do that, what it basically means is that,
as you see, Arnie obviously don't have any teenage sons or daughters because if he did,
he wouldn't be talking that crap. Then your sons and daughters could be sent off to be slaughtered
just like they were during Vietnam. So if you do have any recollection of how grotesque and
horrible it was and the 58,000 people who came back in body bags, you ought to be keeping that in mind
again for a totally illegitimate war that was fought based on lies, the Gulf of Tocque in Resolution,
just like this war was fought based on lies, the WMDs, the L-Kyde connection, all of these things.
So there you go. And you people on this pool, I just put it under just to, you know, see how the
how the things falls out. But I guarantee you that nobody who's got teenage sons or daughters
is voting. Oh, yes, we need the draft back. And certainly no, no 18, 19 year old kids out there
are voting. Oh, yeah, we want the draft. No way. As a matter of fact, I'll be checking at the
border. Okay, who can come up here and who can't? If you're real ugly, you got no chance.
111 votes to the US re-instate the military draft. No, don't set our kids to be slaughtered 56.
No, it's fine. The weight is now 22. Yes, that'll get young people to vote 18. Yes,
everyone should have to serve 12. And yes, our troops are over extended three. So the yeses,
for whatever the three reasons, you got let's say 13, but almost 30,000.
This crowd thinks, oh, sure, we need the draft back. Oh, man, we're going to hit you the same
cure that Chuck Hagel needs here in Nebraska. I mean, what does it take now? I mean, I'm going to
tell you the bottom line I've been telling you this all along and the more I watch BBC and the
CBC, the more I realize that America's got no, unless you go on the internet, unless you care
enough, which most people don't have the inclination or the time or either one, unless you go in
the scour to find the truth for yourself, you're not going to find it on NBC or ABC or CBS or CNN
or MSNBC and certainly not on Fox. No, it's just ain't there. So I'm channel surfing last night
and there's a show that's on every week on a CBC called Counter-Spin. And they take a topic,
whether it's a rack or whatever the hot topic is and they have guests on who actually know what
they're talking about. And one of the guests was Greg Polast. Well, it seems to me that we've had
some of his articles on our website over the couple last couple of years. Greg Polast, who
for the name, and anyway, he's a, he does his work mostly for the BBC because the American
networks won't touch it with a 10 foot pull. He's got his own website. I immediately have not
sooner emailed Eric and said put a link on our site, GregPolast.com because you can go on his
site and you can not only read some of the articles, but you can also watch the video of some of
his BBC reports on, for example, out of bushes, Jeb and the Captain Harris and some of the other
people helped W. Steele Florida, how they promised him Florida before the election,
and how thousands and thousands of names of black mostly Democratic voters were purged from the list.
All of these things, I watched it and I wanted to cry. But anyway, there's just one short clip I
wanted to play just a few seconds from Greg Polast last night on a show. Here you loud and clear,
here you both admitted that these are the creation of the administration and the monsters are coming
back to bite you in the behind. I don't see you in American TV. I just came back yesterday from
the States. I travel a lot. Nobody says this. You guys are not on Fox News. You're not on the
on the righty factor. You're not on all these shows. They're talking about all these crazy Muslims
and Arabs running around killing people. We are the only one called terrorists. Things seem
like very school, the Oklahoma bomber, Harbily Oswald is called the Kennedy Assassin. Everybody
has a different thing. Only Arabs and Muslims are being called terrorists. Nobody talked about
the mistakes of the United States. Are you planning to talk about it? What is the solution that you
are going to think? Answer me, please. Greg Polast, how do you feel that the media has been
handling this issue, the matter of 9-11? Well, it's just been absolutely awful. I can tell you,
I report for BBC television. Thank you for having me on in Canada. But the signal basically
bounces off the electronic Berlin Wall in America. Why? We have a solid wall of official propaganda,
which is as close to his western propaganda as the Soviet leaders used to dream of. We even have,
for example, Bob Woodward now being praised, he's the manager of the Washington Post, being praised
for suddenly letting out Colin Powell's excuses don't blame me for the war. One year ago, Bob Woodward
wrote a book called, Bush at War, saying that our president was really at least focused so we
were only on fighting terrorists. This year he said, well, that's not really true. Here's the real
story. He was really focused on a raft. Maybe next year, Greg Polast will get ready to get
ready to get interrupted. That was the end of the show, too bad of an odd time. It was a hell of an
hour, man. I'm not going to play any more than that because, you know, like Jack Nicholson said,
we can't handle the truth. Michael Jackson and Diedad. All right. They were hyperventilating like
crazy on the number of slides. Night about this. Are you surprised? No. A grand jury investigating
allegations that Michael Jackson molested a boys and targeted the pop star ABC News has learned.
The panel has been meeting in Santa Barbara, California for 13 days to consider whether there's
enough evidence to charge Jackson 45. The precise charges returned against the singer were not
immediately known. And do we know it all now? I didn't look for an update on this, but I don't
see any more on this. The incident means the grand jury concluded there is enough evidence to believe
that Jackson is committed to crime and should face trial and he will. April 30th, I believe, is the
arraimentate April about 30, man. Right. The day after the numbers come out, by the way, next Thursday,
a week from today, you think today's a big day with the Marlon game at 1230 pre-game. Next
Thursday's a humongous day. Then we'll see. And you I'm going to make a prediction right now,
which I really do. And that is WBGG. This is not, you know, it's an old brainer. Big 106 is going to
fall off the face of the earth. Yeah. Right. You didn't have to be psychic for that. Well, that's
what I'm saying. It's a safe prediction. It's going on in a very short limb. And some of us can relate
to a short limb. It's just, I mean, they're going to vanish. Because once they're in what off of
it, we saw just one week of the last round out of the 12 weeks, the last week was the first one where
he was off of Big 106. And they already started tumbling down like, like we never ain't seen,
like an avalanche. So you'll see next Thursday. That's the one thing that we do know for sure is
that the Big 106 finito man done finished by 27 past 10 at 560 WQM when your hair is fallen out
and clumps man. There are a lot of different things you can do about it. Now, but why don't you
go out and catch a muskrat in the art, put it on your head and look just like mold. Absolutely.
But you can always spot a bad hair system. You can look like sand a Donaldson if you want like a
clown. You look like Aaron Brown, little red on the top and black on the sides and whatever in
between. But if you want a really great hair system, Charles Alfie Erie's design and supply
systems to show best people, people with a big box hit everybody else too for more than 35 years.
Charlie's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. The today's show CBS Morning News,
introducing his pendant and unmatchable hair system that offers you the most amazing natural
hair line system you can find anywhere. Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is
the hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system. It looks so great. It's 100%
undetectable. It looks like real hair. What a concept. And Charles,
your Charles is guaranteed you is this. You tries hair system for a month for about 30 days.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting
like all kinds of action, Charlie, you have overfund your money. No questions asked.
Charles Alfie Erie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and
Trim. So don't delay, call Charlie, but he changed your life forever. It's all free. It's 1-800-321-2413.
The choice is yours. You can have that mousey looking piece on your head and be a laughin' stock
or look like a real man. She younger and better than you ever thought you could again. 1-800-321-2413,
or log on to that world famous website, Charles Alfie Erie.com.
Charles Alfie Erie.
We're supporting your 5CC. You way, yeah.
Now what's all that? Oh, look at that. We're having more problems today, you know what?
That was an act of God-I-Think.
And our lives from Roger Smith get Spendee Hooger shows.
I like to read on the song for BitRidey. Let me untie my free American pines. Now let me
guys know I don't seem off-key. This is my bitler and karaoke.
Yeah, I love the way that I've been ended. The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Goke of Dianne Tide. I know.
Yeah, I heard that was some party crack read through. Yeah.
The thing I didn't know about your dancing. Of course, it's not even flying back there from
Nigel Seven. I know. Thank God. I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor Schlefstuckerner. There's an indow, well.
Well, if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bus to rig an election. Who's on this line?
W.J.A. Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
You know what this is doing.
Got him off.
That's right.
Two brake stones, but a price that don't brake stones, cottage cheese.
When the coupon clearly stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Now, who's this line?
Seven and nine.
Klingon Pinocollary. Hello. I forgot it.
Three tires.
No. I got a, okay. I'm not known.
You know, I got a renegotiator. I hate my contract.
How about a one minute, huh?
You can certainly have a three minute. That's right.
Boyle, come here behind his next.
George. Bye, bye, bye.
That's beautiful. Yeah, muffled like that. He wants me to renegotiate another like 17,
20 years on my contract so we can feel safe, feel secure. Wait till you hear this.
All right. I've scrapped it.
This is good news. Can't, now, let me ask you this. Can we like change our mind?
Of course. I mean, Florida's primary, luckily, Florida didn't have any impacts.
They don't play me for the fact that that carries the candidate.
But how about we go back and start over again? How are jeans started to look like better now?
Yeah. How are these presidential campaigns still making money?
So even though we drop down February?
Is it really?
The campaign received 626 grand plus and contributions in March,
according to a filing this week with the FEC's campaign at 2 million in bank
and owed 1.2 million. So they're doing pretty good.
They got some big bucks. This is all just, this is what you call,
we're sucking into bush people.
Carries just the stump candidate.
You know, he's a fake candidate and then we're going to pull out the real one again.
We hope. I mean, isn't it?
You know, I don't know.
I'm serious. Like, carry to me, everything he's done so far, no matter what the issue is,
he's either the same as bush or even weaker.
He's not offering any alternative. What is his plan?
He voted for the Iraq War resolution.
Unlike, for example,
Kennedy, well, being was another descendant.
But I'm just saying, right?
He voted for unlike Bob Graham, for example, who voted against it.
So if you talk about Iraq, he's got really no real plan on how to get that out.
No matter what, as far as censorship, freedom of speech,
here was John Kerry's take on that.
Howard Stern, he thinks Howard Stern's got a right to do his program however he wants,
but he also says that Cleared Channel and Fittity have a right not to have him under stations
if they want. That was his bold statement on censorship and the FCC and all this other crap
that we're going through right now.
The marriage, oh, he's for domestic partnerships.
Any issue that you can find?
Like, he doesn't want to piss anybody on.
He gives you that wishy-washy safe answer.
That's John Kerry so far. His campaign, they showed the opponent's president Pennsylvania,
right now, which Pennsylvania ought to be safely in his column. I mean, Gourwant it's easy.
He's down, I think it was like 57, 39 or something like that. He's down big time in Pennsylvania.
So unless all of a sudden he has some kind of a metamorphosis and they like quits stretching
that skin so it's head over his cheekbones, we ain't got a chairman's chance.
Those of us who would like to say goodbye to the neo-cons, to the fascists.
Okay, let's get out of this. We've got a very short period of time. Let's get into this heavy duty pool
because the first one we got up there right now, if you want to vote on it, if you want to sound
in as they say, you only got to 11 o'clock because right at 11am we're changing, we're doing it.
Are we? We're doing something. Although you never know because the way we started technically,
it's just a well one for me, one for Josh, how George can screw something up?
All right, I'll save it for a good one.
Should the US reinstate the military draft, that's our first question on neo-ranges.com,
219 votes? No, don't send our kids to be slaughtered at 122. No, it's fine. A way it is now 45.
Between those two, that's 76.2%. Yes, that'll get young people to vote 27. Yes,
everyone should have to serve 21 and yes, our troops are overstated for only 1.8%
to be more troops to continue being slaughtered over there in a word that is illegitimate no matter
how you look at it by any account. And Greg Pulasz said, are we a good tape there on Bob Woodward,
too? And I mentioned this today about his Faunting Book Bush at War that he wrote last year.
So now I guess what Bob Woodward would like to do, he wants to sell that book to the Bush people,
and then he wants to sell this book for those people who have their doubts. There you go.
For the anti-bub. He's got something for everybody, Bob Woodward.
Somebody QA in, hello. I mentioned this today about his Faunting Book Bush. QA in. Hello Neo.
Yes, sir. I'd like to have your boldly. Please. How about come on, Ileane?
Come on, Ileane. That's his midnight preview. Okay, thanks.
Yeah, too bad to get that on. That's his midnight duty bags. Right, see what we can say that.
Okay, you got to come on, Ileane. Got it. See, this is why he's guy at the end. He wanted to sneak in a...
Hi, Ileane! But my fingers too fast for him.
WQA, hello.
Neo. Yes, sir. How are you?
Great. I have a question about a room where I've been hearing.
Yes. I happen to listen to kids when I'm not listening to you.
Yeah. And they have their general manager come on to say that they're going to urban on Monday.
Yes.
Kiss is going urban on Monday? Yeah. What?
I mean, in the country? I guess urban music.
No, he didn't hear this today, didn't he? Yes, I did.
Well, the general manager kisses the same as our general manager.
That would be Greg Reed. Is that what he's not?
Is that not the other different GM? Yes.
Oh, who's that? I don't know. Oh, we don't know.
Well, we'll find out. We'll look into it, Palli. Thank you.
You bet. Get the message up and down the hallway.
There are kisses that have changed format. Why would they do that? They'd have good numbers.
They got a license to steal. They got all the those picking audience lined up in the bag.
Wow. Maybe they're just going to kind of kiss it off.
Dominic QA-M, hello. QA-M? Yeah. Hello.
What are you on? Yes, you are. You're on, man.
Hey, I forgot feelings. I don't know who sang it, but that was...
Oh, Morse Albert. Morse Albert in the...
Morse the cat hates her. Thanks a lot of time. You're right feelings.
Oh, man. That makes... Oh, brother.
Twist my kiss me when I hear that. Morse Albert. Remember that?
Oh, brother. Hella hurt. I had a play.
That could be. That could be the winner, man. He might have had a summer right on it.
We better move this baby along, but I'm telling you, because once we get to the 12 to 12 30 commercial hour,
man, it's going to be hell on wheels.
I'm going to be a lion, I'm going to be a lion.
This is 420 of my city.
QA-M.
Then the arrive. Longly $50.
Man!
Well, thank you, Newman. Thank you, everyone.
So, see, if the president knows who we call.
Hmm.
And the only thing that knew was what you see on TV.
Was reading most instructions for how I got back to the US.
You should come out and go be more.
Back to the US.
And...
Hey, see, I'm a puppy with my SUV.
It's gone for me to live with the plane.
I'll make my auto-teachers busy back in B.
And have the Sony Tesla power that way.
I'm back in the US, I say it.
You should come out and go be more.
Back to the US, I say it.
Here's the plug, screw, screw, screw.
Really hard to get out.
We've got a bit of stuff that can be used.
But I just, this is a question of dollars.
And hope there's always a lot of money.
I'm a lot of money.
I'm happy.
Shows me where they got a lot of food to feed.
So I hope there's better still a lot of dollars.
I want to put my face into a table with me.
It's better to go to sit back.
Now I'm back in the US, I say it.
You should go out and go be more.
Back in the US, I say it.
I'm going to get a shoulder gun.
Now I'm back in the US, I say it.
Three, four, ten bucks, not too much of my time.
My hands are like a triangle.
I'm going to get a shoulder gun.
Oh, what a budget.
1046 at 560, WDQAM, that was great.
But then again, aren't they all?
Well, most of them.
Dave the cop says, and also, big already,
wants to be forgiven here.
Correct, but he don't want no draft for this war.
Well, that's where we are right now, big already,
saying, and this war ain't going to be in no time soon.
So I'm glad that Arnie finally came to a senses.
Dave the cop has redeemed his life.
He says, this entire talk of the draft is of scene.
We're going to spend a crapload of kids.
We're going to send a crapload of kids to their early graves.
All the name of an expansionist regime
who is lied repeatedly about why we need to invade a rack
and subsequently got away with it.
The reason why we main needed draft
is due to the terrible way the servicemen and women
have been treated by the administration.
Nobody in their right mind will re-up after they've been lied
to since the entire Fiasco began.
The rich pigs will still get deferments
to like our VP or jump to the top of list
in some obscure military post here in the States
guarding golf courses like Dan Quail.
National guardsmen should never be mobilized more than six months.
Since he had many have been gone for close to 18 months.
Bush has done great by spreading the military so thin.
I sure as I'll know on my boy fighting for some ass backwards
Saudi I couldn't give a damn about them.
Thankfully my family's over in Sweden since day.
I'm not allowed to let my boy come back in a body bag
for some at Mid-East.
Crap.
Country, crap country, very well put Dave.
Excellent facts.
You go boy.
The Sweden.
Good choices matter fact.
Indeed.
Because those Mid-East countries who they hold these out
and if they didn't have oil,
to me it's the same thing as Florida without sunshine.
If Florida didn't have the good climate
how many people would be living there?
Absolutely.
Right?
By 30 men.
Right.
Those didn't mean that they would still be living here.
Well good.
Let them have a good time.
Let them go to the casinos.
And the same thing with the Middle East
if they didn't have oil with anybody
care about those people over there.
Of course not.
Who gives a crap except the course
some of the designers to obsess with all that bull crap?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and T
and for eyes of Marlos Lines.
The worst hit song top 40 of all time is.
And we'll put that pole up there
30 and 11 and of course all through tomorrow.
Can you imagine by the weekend
we'll have thousands of songs on there?
By 30 men.
Because there's so many bad ones.
Indeed.
WQM, the famous line nine.
Hello.
Hey George, this is Neil.
Yes it is.
Neil, good morning sir.
And back to you.
Hey listen.
You know, I always wondered why the Republicans
were so strong about getting rid of the independent council.
Now I understand why.
You know investigations on this administration.
I only wish that a few Republican moderate,
Republican congressmen would take those cherry pits they've
got and turn them into some good sized oranges and investigate,
especially the deal about appropriating money
that was supposed to go to.
I'm going to show you the difference
between the steadfastness of the two parties.
On the one hand you had a presidential of a blue dress
and we had to go through impeachment hearings on that
and spend $75 million of taxpayer money
away two or three years that the Clinton people
could have been fined in a kill in Osama.
That's on the one hand.
But now we've got all these things going on now.
And all we get is the pre-9-11 hearing,
which is nothing but a bunch of window dressing,
a dog and pony show.
And that's basically it for a present and a bunch that
ought to have been impeached a long time ago.
So that's the difference between the Republicans
who are militant and hard-ass and the Democrats
who are basically just went out.
They gave up.
Well according to Article 9, the Constitution,
I should say Article 1, Section 9 of the Constitution,
there should be no money from the Treasury.
This should be appropriated unless it's done through Congress.
That's what.
That's a surprise.
And all we ask are one of the impeachment hearings started.
Yeah, only which is good.
Listen, one other thing I wanted to tell you
is I love the dance and George Bush down here.
On your website, that is incredible.
It's the best.
Well, we know he did something well.
Hey, one other thing too is I like to,
can I make an addition to the poll?
I mean, about the poll you have for the,
can we do this draft, especially in the pre-9 poll?
What's the wait for that?
After, after Bush is fired.
Okay.
Is that possible?
No, have a great day.
Having my baby, you may want to turn my house
in an abortion clinic, says, Bob.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Having my baby, I call Anker to man with a canker.
Yeah.
What we see is 11, he's also Canadian.
He's like Canadian by way of love and honor
the other way around.
Something like Jimmy Gilmore in the Sugar Shack
says your friend Rich Pacta.
Oh, no.
I'm getting a canker just from here
the first note to that.
Holy moly, man.
In fact, now that you mentioned it,
what are you calling this?
Oh, I don't know.
Zager and Evans in the year 2525.
Why is that a bad record?
There's nothing wrong with that.
Another kind of novelty-ish.
Yeah, I don't think it's a novelty record at all.
I think it's a good song in the year 2525.
I like it a lot.
I mean, it's a little bit corny.
Yeah, I think that would be good with that.
It's corny.
But to say it's the worst top 40 hits song of all time,
I think his outrageous is what it is.
Well, Rich Pacta shouldn't be a lot to put too on here.
I think we out of a congressional investigation,
he should have quit with Jimmy Gilmore in Sugar Shack.
We have no problem with that.
In fact, how about the Archies in Sugar Shiver?
I like that song.
You do?
You like the Archies in Sugar Shiver?
Well, with the Archies.
Bob will go and will write your teeth out, man.
You better get with it.
You better be your parody straight new.
Also, big on jingle jangle.
Jingle bells?
How about jingle balls?
Can't even say that anymore.
Can't say jingle balls no more.
Am I right?
You get out of here, Moe.
And by the way, the word is out on you.
He got lucky yesterday.
You won't get lucky again.
We're going to have a congressional investigation
to go back through those tapes.
Should the US re-instate the military draft?
That's our first full question today.
110 votes?
That's not too bad in about whatever minutes it was.
No, don't set our kids to be slaughtered,
which is obviously the correct answer.
168, 54.1%.
No, it's fine.
The weight is now 66, which is OK.
So you got 75.3%.
Then you got the rest.
Yes, that'll hit young people to vote.
36.
Well, I mean, I do understand that.
And of course, I give them that choice.
So, you know, that's kind of come see, come saw.
Before they send you off to be slaughtered, you can go vote.
Yes, everyone should have to serve 31, which is 10%.
And yes, our troops are overestated.
9, 2.9%.
So only 12.9% we're here seeing.
We want the draft for like to have more people to go get killed.
But the way something.
Yes, I'm throwing away all facts
is to contain lists of songs.
Oh, anyways, it affects it more than one.
Maybe two, OK?
What about one?
What?
How about one?
I understand.
We want one.
But I mean two, sometimes they have two
that they can't choose between.
All right, don't be such a hard ass.
Man, I'm a hard ass and I plan to be.
A hard ass, man.
Oh, there's a bushbot showing Carrie
with it, the skin streaked over.
I'm all for Carrie, I hope he wins.
But I also hope he grows into her sometime between now
in November.
He's got to start pushing up a little bit.
Not just under like Bush Jr.
Give us a choice.
Give us something that we can latch onto.
Like how our dean did.
We all how our dean and apology.
I'm one of the biggest.
And you two, you held on to about two, three days
longer than I did.
I never stopped liking it.
But I had to agree that he didn't have a chance.
No, no, that's not where you go now.
That's it.
Well, see, we got sucked into that.
That's what they convinced us that he had no chance.
Like you said, somebody somewhere decided
that some group of people somewhere
decided that how our dean was dangerous,
that he was too much anti-establishment.
See, they're always talking about a washing outside
or an outside.
Well, that's not really what it is,
but he's just not partly establishment.
Right.
Carrie certainly is.
And as a result, they decided, well, guess what?
We're going to do everything we can.
And if you look like an ass, can put you on a spot,
can I do an, of course, ABC, they did all of the damage,
them and all the other, that we're showing a clip
about four million times.
Then they show a couple of times.
Well, actually, if you listen to the crowd noise,
the only reason he was screaming so loud is because,
because they just, they took their clips from a,
from a directional microphone that you couldn't hear
to crowd in the back.
But if you heard the overall, if you want to stage,
quite a many people who were there in that auditorium,
you could, the crowd was so loud and going wild,
that he had to be doing that to try to scream over the crowd,
which was fine.
But they made him look like a loose cannon,
like a lunatic, and, of course, even before that,
they had to talk about, well, he's temperamental,
he's just an ad, he's out of control.
And then the real peace they resistance,
the real frosting on the cape, was shown as his wife.
Oh, bad move, Howard.
Bad move.
Should've got a stunt light.
Oh, my God.
Although, I will say this, I was thinking about this yesterday,
which shows you how full my life is.
I was thinking about how, no, listen,
why this is the first lady has to be beautiful,
other than Jackie Kennedy.
Can you name me an even attractive,
even even Laura Borscher, I would say,
she ain't no beauty, but she's not bad looking.
You know, she's okay, especially for a vozel like him.
But other than that, I mean, you got Hillary,
the ice princess, grotesque, right?
I didn't think Jackie was all that,
but everything relatively,
at least wait till we get to the other ones, okay?
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
Then you had Pat Nixon who looked more macho than he did.
Stone face pat, Barbara Bush.
Yeah, you had Mamie Eisenhower.
Oh, my God.
Best Truman.
Wow, Lady Bird Johnson.
Woo!
Holy cow, Rosalind Carter.
Yeah, I know.
Nancy Reagan, don't step on her now.
You might mess up that red dress.
And the ultimate beautiful wife, Eleanor Roosevelt.
Why?
Old donkey face.
Is that incredible or what?
Yeah, so you're right.
So the idea that we have to have a beautiful first lady.
I mean, we haven't had too many of those.
I never seem to make a difference.
In fact, Roosevelt was married to that ugly bitch for all,
held up a long time.
What?
Yeah, last time I checked,
they're not the ones running for office.
No, no, listen to me.
Right.
And he got elected four times.
Right.
So the public didn't care that he had a nasty,
bull-like, ugly, looking wife.
Didn't care about that.
They just cared that he was a great leader.
And was a great, you know, had that long cigarette holder.
You know, he just, even the fact that he was in the wheelchair
seemed to have, even though most people didn't know that until very late in the game.
Because they used to prop him up.
He would stand up to put him, they realized that he was a handicap.
A crypt.
But in any way, even though when you see those pictures,
he's got the long cigarette holder, very fashionable.
He just, he looked like a president.
Woodrow Wilson looked like a president.
What we got now, looks like Vosomand,
with all due apologies to all clowns, all places.
10.56 at 5.60 QN, Marlon Pregame, Marlon Zenefili's man,
he keeps him as last night took for ovens 8 to 7.
Three home runs by Michael Oler.
How does it pistol again?
Game time, 105, Pregame 12.
This is my end local.
I'm your sports radio, 5.60 QN, QAM.
The crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
Everybody's going back to see Mill's movie now.
Now's it, movie about the first of fiction.
Just get past the violence, the movie's from back now.
Then he's gone, seen the first of fiction.
It's all not even though it's only fair.
Making this movie was not just too fair.
So come on, come on, boss.
All the bad mood songs all the time.
That's a good one though.
We love Locomotion.
Anybody heard it for that man?
We'd come and give him what for?
Yeah, nobody, nobody don't like that song.
No matter who, which version they like.
But anyway, here's the fact this is the absolute worst ever.
The Serfen bird by the cramps.
Why did the cramps, the trash man?
Right, the Serfen bird.
You turd.
You turd.
Anyway, can you just remember those inspiring lyrics?
Yeah, I can.
Everybody's heard about the bird.
It goes on and on and on.
That's what it's very like.
We miss the bird.
Anyway, it's a divorced Serfen bird.
Okay, we got to get out of there.
I'm sure.
I sure hope Josh is right.
He's all on there because you're going to have to see it.
Any minute, this is going to be a work of a labor of love.
I'm sure.
Heracle teacher about those labor of love.
Anyway, should the US weekend, the Schmidt can at the first poll, Eric.
Get that second one up there so we can get heavy duty with him.
We can dive ahead along because we really have 58 minutes left.
The noon to 1230 hours is commercials.
I mean, I'm not going to lie about it, right?
They would like me to lie.
I just, I mean, I can lie about things that are worth lying about, but the same one of them.
We just have a lot of spots that we're going to get in because we're a bunch of grave robbers.
We don't care so much about entertainment.
We certainly don't care about this show because it is not new with sports.
So, you know, the 1230 hour we got out of spots.
And then we'll like whistle of tune or something in between.
Right?
We want them to go battle to it.
Should the US reinstate the military draft, that was our poll question this first hour because crazy people like Ty Cagolor said,
oh, yeah, we need the draft so that everybody can serve and write.
So we can send a bunch of people off to be slaughtered, mostly young people,
but regardless, human beings who deserve a better fate to be slaughtered for another president who's inventing another war based on a rival lies in a bunch of oil and a bunch of big business interests.
You ever notice how the biggest courts are well, most of not all of them.
I mean, Nixon wasn't from Texas. He was from California.
But they did like Johnson, the bushes from Texas, at least this bushes from Texas.
The other one's from my work, Connecticut, something like that.
Whatever it really was, from Hungary.
And then of course, we got the Jemster, well, be sure and watch the name of the book.
I Schmidt, Ken Neuiden.
The best democracy money can buy Greg Polas that he's updating with the new version coming out April 26, which is just four days.
Let's see, third on Monday.
The best democracy money can buy Greg Polas, P-A-L-A-S-T.
And if you go on that website and you see the piece about the Jeff Bush and Catherine Harris and the senior of the 2000 election,
and this chiseling that they hired to cook the books on the voting of roles.
In fact, he went to interview Greg Polas, was he interview the guy?
Yeah.
It said, you mean they paid you a million dollars to do this?
And you just, I'm not even really checking these names to see if they were valid.
And the guy took off the microphone he had on his, and he just got up and walked away.
He pulled a truck hastin.
He just walked away from Greg Polas, and he kept trying to follow him and then finally he sent the security guards out and I was in that interview.
Didn't come back when push come to shove about them.
Thousands and thousands and thousands of voters whose names were exposed illegally and incorrectly off the voter rolls.
So you dark folks in Florida most of you couldn't vote because they know you're going to vote Democrat.
And of course, they'd go on the election.
There is no doubt about that, no more.
Now in a real country where the people are educated, where they really care about something, where they really care enough to send their very best,
there would have been like the public would never set still for it.
There'd have been like a mini revolution, maybe a major revolution, not in the USA, though.
Anyway, should the US reinstate the military draft?
No, don't send their kids to be slaughtered 190, 54%.
No, it's fine the way it is now, 76, 21 and a half percent.
Yes, everyone should have to serve 39.
Yes, that'll hit young people to vote 39.
And yes, our troop server stated 9.
So you've got 24 and a half percent of those people who are ampulled.
Popcorn, so he says, I don't know who did it, hot butter.
And you're right, that's your just writing, I'm sure.
Yes.
Hot butter did popcorn.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
That's what that's all about.
Yeah.
These pieces.
See, I don't understand just like also if you look on the original list here by Maxim Many Pads or whatever that is.
Sound of Silence is number 42 is the worst song of all time.
I take great exception of that, sir.
Man, whoever you are.
Anyway, this Scarborough lyrics is, makes me want to pierce my eardrums with an ice pick.
Well, I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun.
It says, if Rick and Sons were still on here, could they say, but load anymore?
Very good question, Bob.
It's true, but facts.
Could they say but load?
We'll probably have to send that to committee.
We'll probably have to set it up to Michael Powell and he can check out his but load.
And if you look at that picture on our website, that's one heavy load.
He's carrying it around that old Mikey Powell.
That's a wide load.
Yeah, he's carrying a heavy load.
Let's see.
I will always love you by Whitney Houston says Jim.
Those screening bits that were 100 times more offensive than fart sounds.
They made Howard Dean sound like an amateur.
Also, the bodyguard movie where it came from was awful just just for the frosting on a cake.
I will always love you by Whitney Houston, the wailer.
She should have played hockey man with a heart-for-dwailers.
She was a shwire, a screamer and still is.
Whitney Houston.
That's what Bobby Brown says.
She screams as loud as any bitch he ever slapped up.
Huh?
Yeah.
Remember, Christy White.
She's got a lot of practice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pounds, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here we go.
How do I, I'm just going to get started.
I'm just going to vote for one.
Because I have to have a my baby, I don't know, Paul Anker.
I don't know.
He never still were afraid for him.
Seasons of this is tough.
This could be the toughest pool we've ever done in the show.
But you know something?
I just clicked my vote.
You know what it was for?
I voted for Abinnie and I voted for feeling.
Oh man, I'm so glad that somebody called that and Morse Albert.
That old brother.
Top Morse in the microwave, along with Albert DeKat.
Or was it Morse DeKat?
Remember Morse DeKat?
Sure.
Little unknown fact, little piece of trivia for you.
When Morse DeKat got to be in his very, very ancient last years,
a good friend, Larry Box.
Box.
Remember Larry Box called a couple of times?
Yeah.
He had Morse DeKat.
As a pet, in fact, I think I saw Morse DeKat in his house a couple of times.
Really?
And he liked that.
See, you met Morse DeKat?
Wow.
And Algarantia was the only f*** he ever had in his house.
It's a brush with greatness.
5, 6, 7.
Yeah, Morse DeKat.
Nice to meet, Odee.
We want to go near that thing, man.
Ah!
Like that kind of like our audience.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Even the cats in South Florida, anti-social.
WDQAM, hello.
You're getting taught to us.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, be good.
You light up my light.
I think we got it on there.
But thank you, Virgo.
It's on there.
Somebody thanks that in yesterday in advance of this.
They're going to be five G'day into these on there, you know?
They'll make you eight.
Take that.
And now, what about more and more and more?
Let's have.
And we'll do more and more with you on there.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
How about you?
How about you?
Less, less, less.
Exactly.
Good one.
Thanks, Valley.
Thanks.
Later on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
So many bad songs in so little time.
We have an extended for like the next two and a half years, I'm thinking.
See, I'm also thinking since a month once, it's been so bad.
I just thought it was a little extension on that contract because he realizes that once I go,
it's by, duff, by, by.
You know, I mean, nobody else, the no sports guy, and is going to need his own program director to monitor his show.
So I'm thinking, and of course, you need something to keep going.
So I'm thinking, why don't we start like tomorrow?
You know how I do in July and August like two days a week?
Right.
I'm thinking, some months a year, I'll do like three days and then other months I'll just do the two days.
Okay.
And you'll do the rest.
Right.
You can just the private.
And we'll do, kind of, yeah, that's right.
Something's some days you'll just have to find out in the morning.
If I'm here fine, if not, I'm sleeping.
And we'll just mix and match it.
Just the salary accordingly.
You'll goose you up a little bit.
Maybe you're like 15, 20 bucks a week.
Sure.
I'll take a good, and then we can even take it off of my paycheck.
I like that.
I'm, you know, me.
I'm a big spender.
15, 20 bucks a week.
I can handle it.
And I think that's a red, I did extend it a couple of years.
What do you think?
Starting, of course, it would have to start right now though.
Right.
So let's see, you be working tomorrow.
And Monday, well, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, and hello.
Hello, I'm just cherished.
Is this...
Cherished by it now.
I'm cherished by the association.
Yes, exactly.
Okay, it's syrupy.
Thank you.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh.
This is a great topic.
And again, I want to thank my friends at the Maxim magazine, a MaxiPads, whatever that is.
What is it, Maxim?
What?
Blender.
I know it.
I'm just testing your knowledge.
Maxim Blender.
Oh, and speaking of the blender, this story I can't even see an M was grabbing on to.
What's on their website?
Just for those of us who are looking for sympathy for our addictions, and those of us who don't run around say,
well, AA, and I'd build a...
What was his name, the guy from AA, that they wanted to put on a pool?
Oh, man.
Yeah, like I remember.
Yeah, Bill Shminder, whatever his name was.
People who say they were addicted to chocolate or pizza may not be exaggerating.
US-based scientists finally said Tuesday, finally getting around to saying,
hey, guess what?
That fat figure in Miami is right.
Yeah, I heard that story.
Yeah.
Me too, and guess what?
I ain't no van leader.
A brain scan study of normal hungry people showed their brains lit up when they saw and smelled their favorite food.
And much the same way as the brains of cocaine, that is when they think about their next snort.
How do you like that?
Is it having a rich snorting good time?
Like our speaking of El Presidente.
What?
He's a rich snorting good guy.
I mean, good old cowboy.
Because it's true.
We're going to take him dead or alive.
Okay, we're going to send the Paseas.
We're going to smoke them steaks out of their holes.
Food presentations significantly increase metabolism in the whole brain by 24%
and these changes were larger than superior temporal, anterior, insula, and all but all but all but all frontal and all cortices they wrote.
Including Josh Cortes.
Cortices?
Old widow frontal cortices.
Well, that's the Cortes family, the Cortises.
These areas are associated with addiction and estimated 30%.
About 30, man.
Other Americans are obese meaning they have a body mass index of more than...
About 30, man.
This ratio of height to weight usually works out to be, to being about...
About 30, man.
It pounds overweight for a woman and 35 to 40 pounds overweight for a man.
How do you like this?
This is...
The guy's name was Wang.
Is that what his name was?
Where did it kind of say Wang?
You can't say that.
No, no, seriously.
I'm looking for where it says earlier in the...
It doesn't even mention his name and then all of a sudden it just comes up with Wang.
Wang and colleagues studied 12 men and women with an average of 28 age.
The volunteers fasted for just under a day then underwent...
Tows of trony emission teleographer, your pet scans, which measured brain metabolism.
I don't think we can say emission anymore.
They were asked to describe their favorite foods and how they like to eat them while they were presented with some of those foods.
A cotton swab and prey data with the food was placed in their tongue so they could taste it.
The researchers wrote,
The favorite items most frequently selected by the subjects were...
Pizza?
Bacon and cheese sandwich.
Oh.
Cinnamon bun.
Oh, I love that cinnamon bun.
Just a smell.
I just hang out there in the airport and just...
Pizza, hamburger with cheese.
That's called cheeseburger.
Fried chicken.
Lasagna.
What's this hamburger with cheese?
Cheese.
Fried chicken.
Lasagna, barbecue, ice cream, brownie and chocolate cake.
They didn't tell us whether or not those were the brownie hounds, ones like the brownies event.
11, 13, and 5, 60, WQM.
We got the big Marlon pregame show at 12, 30.
I can smell another world championship in Miami.
Let's go down the stadium.
What do you say?
No.
Spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a new car or truck from...
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead around US 120 minutes south of the 836.
An Armstrong Toyota of Homestead's worth a drive because they're going to save you so much cash.
It'll make cost you a few extra pennies for gas, but you're going to save thousands on new Toyota's.
So wherever you are it's worth checking them out.
In fact, check out these great lease deals right now.
An 0-4 camera.
You're a 400 just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an 0-4 high-linder just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an 0-4 Toyota?
Turn with the safest truck in America just 179 a month for 48 months.
These are just a few of the unbelievable savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
They'll do whatever it takes to get you a deal cut and put you in a fantastic new Toyota two day.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction and their service departments even over late to late.
We'd nice to make sure they get their service work and yours done too.
To easy to find them, they're right on the corner of US 1 and 2.93rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
And wait until you hear this. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for the life of the car.
You heard me right. Free tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else, nowhere does that.
So forget about those big, funny mega dealers and car giants who spend tons of money advertising and give you a big son of dance and then let you down every time.
Do this smart thing. Do business with folks you can trust will give you the best deal going anywhere.
Call David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Call them right now 305 242 3247 for a sensational deal 305 242 247.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota and Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
To make a sure that you finally came back. Here's your friends. Give them a little name of Stinky George.
We try to make a sure but you know we could afford it.
Oh my God. Well my God.
1119. That's one. I don't know how you say that but crash test. That means that's one of the ones that's on the worst 50 of all time on this other list.
From macro blender, whatever that is.
Another one that's on here, which follow me by Uncle Cracker. I take exception that I love Uncle Cracker.
Yeah, you know, you don't like Uncle Cracker. He's fine. I'm nice how he was.
Let's see. Well, I guess you know, here's a good one. She bangs Ricky Martin. Oh man.
I should have. I should have. I got that. Well, talk about fiction. She bangs by Ricky Martin.
Pause. Oh, anyway, we'll add some more of these on as we go along because I'm sure people will be calling them in the worst top 40 hits song of all time.
Aiki Breakeyhart, Billy Ray Cyrus, man who's about to genetically challenge. He's got 15. You love my life by Debbie Boone.
Oh, by the way, Pat Boone says and of course I'm sure everybody cares about it. Big time. That's his gift.
It's a good thing. He's all for it. Isn't that great? Oh, what a surprise. Good religious pant Boone.
You've a lot of my life. 11. Having my baby. 9. Paul I could have met with the canker.
We built the city seven starship. Grace select well, she need the money for drugs. Don't worry. Be happy.
Bobbie McFarron, ice ice baby. The six feelings. More so Albert six. Everything I've refold seasons of the Sun.
I'm sorry, Jackson. The surf and bird three. See the surf and birds in novelty song. It's not defending it.
It is horrendous. What's the other one like that? Papa Uma Ma. Why the living didn't surf?
Do we want to put that on there? No. Why not? Papa Uma Ma.
Because it's not so much. It's close enough. Well, if the surf and birder can be on there,
how about Papa Uma Ma. Mr. I wanted on there. I will always love you. The anxious Whitney Houston three party all the time.
Three scrubber affair. Two. I don't get it. I guess our crowd don't like syrupy songs, but I mean in your 25.
25's got one American life one, cherish one and only for a whole bunch of other ones.
Let's see. Tucker says it really comes down to a coin flip between two who left the dogs out the bar.
Amen. Grotesque. Who who and he just makes me ill or of course. Let me see if I can find it. I give you a little.
That's enough. The Macarena not only to wear a song, but overplayed the point of just you had the Macarena come out of your ass.
It was just the grotesque can't decide which one or both show up. Please put them on there.
So we're getting both on there. The Macarena and was the other one who let the dogs out.
Who who every time I hear that song, I think of what's his name? The mad dog. No, not the mad dog with a little dog.
Not the what's his name? Arsenio Hall. Oh, with a hoot. With that hoot and crab. He should have been a hoot and Annie.
Anyway, here's one that says without a doubt. There's so many good ones. This is this like I said, this may be the most difficult poll in history.
Taya yellow ribbon round the old oak tree Tony Orlando and Dawn. My God. Talk about puke inducing man or man. That is a good one.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello.
Hi, I'm calling. I just said you guys a fact. Yes. It's the one about the news reports on the US planning WMDs in Iraq.
We had that today's ago. You had that day ago? Uh-huh. Okay. I just I just know what you got. I just want to make sure you got it.
Okay. Thanks a lot. Yeah. We're we're in fact. Remember I said let's save these. We have two of those stories about the planning WMDs for that October surprise.
Yeah. Guess what? We just found them. We had both of stories. They were both on our website too. It was to be good to the archives and you're curious.
So you'll find a monitor. I am curious yellow ribbon around an old oak tree. 5 6705 60 don't fax that to me by the way we have the story.
I already do it a week ago. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Hey QA hello. Yeah. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
What do you? Hey. What do you? What's up? How are you doing? Pretty good. I have a headband. Music and thank you.
I said that by the archies. No, I didn't put it on yet. But we will. Okay. Yeah. That one just
great to me the wrong way. Oh man. That was horrible. Have a great day Woody. You have a wonderful day.
And go get a haircut. I'll see you in Buffalo man. Oh yeah. Congratulations. See you. Maybe.
Well tonight's a big night man. I'm real nervous. I've got my knees knocked in my toes. I'll curl up. I will see what happens.
Are they going to pull it out? Yeah. It's all on 80 man. Yeah. See I was saying goodbye Woody.
All on old Eddie Belford man. He should have been on that pull the other day.
Tommy Tammelon is just one of the greatest goals in NHL history. Okay. Calm down Joe. 5 670.
I think 60. Tom 560. See at least one thing man. They're enthusiastic here about something.
They may be hockey. Yeah. But at least it's something right besides early bird dinners.
If you had to choose between people who enthusiastic about hockey or early bird dinners.
I don't think it's too much of a choice. Or of course, Ilya. Ilya. I wonder if the Aboiles are still checking out his parts.
WQA and hello. Yeah. I have people. Okay. That annoying song. The Bobby. The awesome.
Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya. Ilya
Ilya. Ilya.
We had time to play it.
I'm going to take it into the ball game.
Just we play weapons of mass destruction, St.
Sainzhan.
I know that.
But that's great.
That's not the air world.
And that one's not the pressing world really is.
That's just bozo-stooled election.
All those people are dying over there based on nothing.
And let me say one other thing too, because one, every time there's another grotesque thing
like the car bombs yesterday in Basra.
Oh, well, it's Al Qaeda.
We're not really sure if we think it's Al Qaeda.
Al Qaeda wasn't blowing anybody up in Iraq before.
We did them the wonderful job of going in there and killing all of them people.
So even though Iraq wasn't a hotbed of terrorism before,
a year ago, March, all of a sudden it is.
So you're welcome.
How do you Iraqi people?
The ones who are still alive.
You're welcome.
So we couldn't prove that it was a hotbed for Al Qaeda and other terrorists before.
In addition to which one point that was brought on in this counter-spin show that I have to mention right now last night on CBCA,
was the fact that, and remember a few months ago they kept telling us,
oh, Al Qaeda has been disemboweled and they're just a shadow of what they were.
They don't, you know, they still got a Sama and a Mullah Bula,
but other than that, the organization has basically finished.
Look, that's what.
Thanks to the Iraq attack,
other organization terrorist groups around the world,
which previously had been like competitors where, you know,
they're all got their own thing.
Now they're joining forces with Al Qaeda,
and Al Qaeda is supposed to just be in Afghanistan in certain parts of the Middle East,
generally speaking in a few cells elsewhere.
Now they're worldwide, baby,
with a cooperation of every nutcase terrorist group in the world.
It's a nice going, W.
So this crap about how much safer we are in other than we were before,
right?
Only a moron.
Moron, believe that.
And we obviously got about 50% of the country were a bunch of morons.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 W.
Q.
Even hear me talk about Dalmatian,
their spectacular customer service,
that when you call 1-800-Matris,
you'll speak with an expert vet and consult her,
answer all your questions,
and give you the customer service you deserve and want.
The Dalmatian's commitment to service recently caught the attention
to the better business bureau.
Dalmatians has been part of the South-Order community for over 12 years,
with their main office in the Northeast.
They've earned a coveted torch of excellence award for 2004
from the Boston Better Business Bureau.
This award is given annually to a company that embodies the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty,
integrity, and ethics in a marketplace.
To receive this award is especially impressive for Dalmatians because, guess what,
they don't even have any stores.
And 1-800-Matris wants you to know that one criterion judging this award was truth
in advertising, no BS, no lies.
You can rest assured that everything I've been telling you about Dalmatians is absolutely...
...100%!
So pick up the folder right now, like I've been doing for years,
when the old mattress is worn out,
call 1-800-Matris, get the whole truth and nothing but the truth,
with a fantastic deal on name brand vetting.
If you call 1-800-Matris, you'll be just as satisfied as me
and George and everybody else has been using for a long time.
Call them today, 1-800-Matris-MAT-T-R-E-S,
or log onto their website, mattress.com.
Dalmatians, the honest, smart way to get you a great night's sleep
for a coons' age to come.
And you'll be just 4-3-0 by 6-1.
Oh, yeah.
I got your breasts, our beautiful night on the 9 o'clock movie
with a defenseless, get big darn.
Hey, come on, stop that!
Leave me alone!
When the weak become victimized.
Oh, sure, fine. Take my parking spot.
I wasn't just waiting here for it or anything.
Don't run ahead.
And when old ladies attack.
Out of the way you little grunt.
Ah, stop hitting me with your motorbike.
We'll cheer you old back.
That hurts.
It's a attack of the blue hairs.
Oh, my snowmaring else!
And stop whining.
Shut my pain.
Who far up here?
Without warning.
Without fear.
And they can strike at any time.
A attack of the blue hairs tonight at 9 o'clock.
It's all of the 32 or 560,
W. Who haven't said this, facts?
Who would have guessed draft talk on the near-rounder show?
What does that mean?
Get it, we're talking about the draft.
They talk about the drafts on other shows on the station.
We never do.
Get it?
R-R?
No, I'm good.
The full question is this slam dunk.
The most annoying song ever was Bobbie and Corozaunner.
Don't worry, be happy.
Remember back in the late 80s when Channel 6 and 7 made the big switch to them.
So yes it was.
Just wondering, would the FCC allow you to refer to the right-wing Bible Thumpers
as Sunday Mass Holes?
I like that.
Mass Holes?
That's the best.
That is the best of all time.
Thank you so much.
This was a marginal facet until we got to the last line.
And you redeemed yourself big time.
You got redemption, man.
There are much of Mass Holes.
Oh, that is sensational.
Oh, yeah.
It's got to roll off your tongue there like a wafer.
Right.
That is so much better than ant Holes.
That is beautiful.
During the day, the springs never heard of this bled or magazine that's got the tough 50.
We're song 7 and Garfun with Sounds of Silence is great.
So I'm going to do a jury.
Hey, too.
Columbia Records had released a song on a full-calde by the duo.
While Simon and Garfunkel were playing in small clubs in Europe, Columbia edited a base guitar
and drums to the song, released a business single.
It became a top 10 in the US.
And the record company had trouble finding them in Europe to come to get their asses home and cut another album.
Oh, here you go.
Here's one.
You'll have to express yummy, yummy.
You'll see yummy, yummy, yummy.
I've got a lot of my tummy.
It says, now there's a bad song.
Got it?
Yummy, yummy, yummy.
Novelty song, but it's bad.
It's a bad novelty song.
There were good novelty records like Flying Saucer by Buchanan in Goodnoon.
Right?
Right.
Here's another one.
Another song for your worst list is Drea.
I like dreaming by Kenny Nolan.
I never heard that.
He never says dreaming.
It's always Dweeman.
I love Dweeman.
Maybe he knew Bob Obawa or maybe he knew Tom Bokoff.
No, no, no, no.
Tom Bokoff is getting off the air.
Thank you.
Something good's going to happen this year.
If you live that long, Charles and Deerefield beach at the risk of George's you're just smith-canting this.
I'd have to say for me it's a tie between Honey.
Oh, two bad records both by the same artist.
Bobby Grohl's bro.
The incomparable tune smith.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, Charlie, you got a great sense of humor, man.
Honey and watching Scotty grow.
I don't think watching Scotty grow is better looking out to talk about it.
Although Prince Charles is watching William and the Shower right now.
Let's see, watching Scotty or Bobby Grohl's bro.
Let me look him up.
Because I don't want to put stuff because you wait till tomorrow, man.
Because these people are going to be researching it during a between-out tomorrow.
Let's see, watching Scotty were- oh, yeah.
It was on 11 weeks ago all the way up to number 11.
Holy moly, man.
That was 80 pressing song.
Bobby Grohl's bro.
The incomparable tune smith.
What, what are we putting under?
Honey and watching Bobby grow.
Oh, that honey.
Let me talk about it.
So, what was that other, what about patches by Dickie Lee?
Talk about depressions to the side.
Oh, Dickie Lee.
No, you're thinking of a brindly.
56670560, pound 560 on the- you're thinking of Lee Allen from WSYZ Detroit.
I don't know any harness drivers by the name of- I know what's his name.
Dick refined junior.
What's his name?
Donner v. junior.
I don't know.
Dick.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
That was- you have no idea.
I mean, just riding along the razor's edge right there, I feel like a chafe on the bottom of my heels right now.
Wow.
I feel wire burn right on the bottom of my left heel.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.?
You're getting thunderous.
Oh, God.
Talk about thunderous.
Go jump off a small cliff.
Okay, not a big one.
We don't want you to get hurt.
W.A.M. Hello.
How are you doing today, sir?
Pretty good, pal.
Two things.
Two things.
Yeah.
Mr. Obama, by 6th and anything David has a lot of things.
The blue hash along had a top 40 hith.
I don't know.
Yeah, get out that damn phone.
That was great.
That was one of my best calls in the year.
56670560, we got to Marlin coming up the Marlins out back in 1230.
Marlins had to fillies in 105.
And as you look for the sweep in the series, the Humper follows the Aboggan, the Hebrew Hammer, till 7th.
Then we got Hurricane Hotline, 7-8 o'clock.
The big 8-10, that's perfect for him.
Just about the time the sun is going down.
When the signal goes down to about 10 watts,
80k from a 10-2 and overnight forget it.
5-6-7-0560, let's do line nine.
QA and hello.
Hey, New York, how's it going, boss?
Pretty good, pal.
A question question.
What's going on with the internet?
I've been able to get through some stuff yesterday.
It's on there, where you're the first person to tell me that.
Yeah, I can't get through.
I'm on AOL hell.
What I have to be the problem, and they blow.
Usually I let me get through, but it keeps saying my connection is offline,
but I can get through everywhere.
Don't take it personal, but it's got of a U-man.
No way, man.
I can't deal with this way.
Way.
OK.
Turds in.
Way.
OK, good luck, you man.
5-6-7-0560, have you had anybody else say that?
Eric hasn't reported you that way of any problems on there, right?
No.
When a problema, he would have.
Hikini.
He would have reported it.
He would have shouted it from the mountain tops of the mountain in Orlando.
How many QA and hello?
They have mountains.
QA.
I got two for you.
OK.
Billy, don't be a hero.
I don't really.
Don't be a hero.
Who did that?
Who did that?
I don't know.
Chicago died.
And then, I don't know.
And then, I don't know.
And then, I don't know.
And also, the next one, afternoon delight.
Oh, horrible.
Starlight.
Starlight.
Starlight.
The road test van.
Thanks a lot.
Two good choices.
Now, what was the first one?
Billy, don't be a hero.
Billy, don't be a zero.
To that, we can't play zero anymore.
The Enrique thing, I love that.
We can't play that no more.
No chance.
He said it looks like a big something like that.
Billy, let's see.
Big girls don't cry.
Big log.
Oh, geez.
I don't even think we can say that.
Can we?
Big log?
Well, definitely there's one point.
Billy Jean.
Billy Jean, by the end, recently
in that at Michael Jackson.
Billy and Sue, by BJ Thomas.
Billy to be hero is by for it.
Boy Donaldson and the a head.
Wow.
Boy Donaldson and the ha wards and
religions are smash.
Billy will be here on ones
the other line did.
I don't know.
The guy that's just not on
talking about his guidance,
what he called out man a
lot.
We're Bridget Wyll.
I will get out of that.
Yeah, I will.
I will get out of that.
Great list here. I'll tell you one thing. Our list I think is a hell of a lot better than his damn
music box blender whatever that magazine is. What is the magazine? Maximum maxi pad blender.
All you girls out there man. Don't be sticking to your maxi pans into blender. It's really
screws up that smoothie something fierce. Unless you're making maybe a scene. I don't want to say
bloody Mary. That would be bad. Okay. What? Nothing. 166 votes on this pool here. And of course a lot
of people are waiting because they don't see there's yet. The worst hit song top 40 of all time
achy breaky are 24. You light up my life 22 so far they got a life in that struggle between
Debbie Boone and Billy Ray Cyrus. Both of them genetically challenged Debbie because your father
was Pat Boone and Billy Ray because he's a country guy. He's from Nashville or somewhere like
that some Mugwam place. I never have been able to figure out why do they all look like that.
Why they all got that like because he's not really a bad looking guy. Billy Ray he's
he is probably about as close to human looking as any of the country singer types you know.
Yeah but when you look at them they're like a little bit off you know what I mean. I know why.
Why is that all that good breeding? I see that inbreeding. Yeah and half breeding.
Because you have my baby speaking of that. Speaking of that. I have my baby 15. Feelings is moving
up. Thank them. It's 13. We both the city 12. Macarena 11. Ice Ice baby 10.
Seasons of the Sun 9. Ebony 9. Re 8. Don't worry. Be happy 8. Party all the time 6. I will
always love you 5. Surf and Bird 5. She bangs 3. Sugar Shack 3 and out of go.
But the Bobby Goldsboro ones will do very well. He is just uh what was the term he used?
He's no joke. That was a beautiful thing. 20 till noon at 5 60. We better hurry a bank
because once we get to the top of the hour it's all downhill from there. Who leave me? I'm giving
you a putting on notice. Speaking of that. Have you been putting off the home improvement
dream because you're afraid it's going to turn into a nightmare which happens to a lot of other
people? Here's the ideal. If you want to have pleasant sleep and the great dreams design concept
builders is the answer to your problems because they've been one of the top home road wars in
South Vodus since 1982 because their 100% customers have a special and their own juices
fall asleep. Takes all the worry out of the whole deal. They refuse to have an unhappy customer.
They offer you quality work at a fair price. What's not to like? And design concept
builders exclusive five year labor warranty. So I take the risk of a real nightmare on any new
addition to your house, kitchen, bathroom windows, any other project. Do the smart thing. Call
the people you can trust for us to append this job at a great price every time. Design concept
builders on the net. It's design concept builders dot com or column at nine five four seven one eight
sixty seven sixty six. Financing's available with no payments for six months with approved credit
and you can also get you a 10% discount on audio modeling through the end of this month of April
only with design concept builders. Check them on the web design concept builders dot com and then
make that call for us to append this job call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six.
The
These rags that such a crack, are bundled with torched
convoy bridges, from from Garland Day.
Four people moving 5, 60, Nobody Cue, when Carol Commer died, I know you've been
a riff jazz came for his drug of dick!
But nevertheless, when he died, it said to me like some day of a national holiday
in America. He was just, I don't know why he died. He was a monster. He was a legend. He
was a giant. He was like, he may have had more impact on everybody than almost anybody
on television. I loved him dearly even though he was full of crap about his son.
Oh wow, but again, I was told his last daughter, he had a broken heart because he was in denial,
okay? Does any parent, especially celebrity parents, but any parent whose kid winds up being
a, uh, carefully a sleaze bag just because of being a, a, a, a, a sleaze bag. Uh, you know,
it's not this fault. It's never their fault. Right. Well, I'm, you know, it was his fault. Maybe
he was a good father. Maybe he was a bad father. Most show business people are crappy parents.
Right. If you watch the biography channel, you'll find out that 99% of show business people,
because they're never around. They're busy making a big living. So it's a mixed bag. I understand.
It's a mixed bag. I don't want to hand the kids have all the luxuries that I got all I'm wanting
and all this, but on the other hand, sometimes they don't have any wire coat hangers. I don't blame
that. He had blamed the kid, but that's what he said. He didn't have any wire coat hangers.
Right. I understand. I caught it. Now, here's, I used to get, you caught it all right. I used to get
bed out of shapes as a Frank listening to a baggy wimpy skinny Michael Jackson singing, bad,
I'm bad, I'm bad. Yeah, bad. Get bad on earth. It'd be bad. It'd be real bad. He was just being honest.
He's bad. He's a bad act of man. He'd been acting up and that Jesus do. Now, it's really
interesting on this show. Even though I used to get a lot of crap for reading all that stuff out of
the tabloids and whatever these articles on here. How many months ago? About third man. Did we reveal
thanks to our friends at the inquirer about that Jesus do's thing, including that big words
he had in Vegas that we haven't even heard about yet. Was it the Mirage, I think? The Villa is
behind the Mirage. Whatever one it was. Yeah. The Jesus do. That was no secret to us,
because we already knew about that way ahead of these. See, I'm going to tell you again. For
example, last night they were talking on this counter spin show and I hate to keep bringing it up
because I don't know nobody saw it, but about the fact that within days after they finished in
Afghanistan, what they considered being finished as usual, like walking away, just walk away.
They were already making the plans out to split up the oil and all the other assets of a rack.
This was already on the table. You got it? I got it. Okay, just mention that in passing.
For anybody who doubts all of this stuff on, by the way, speaking of lies, the Pentagon deleted
from a public transcript, the statement of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld made to walk
a Bible over and suggesting the administration gave Saudi Arabia two months heads up,
the president both decided it would be the right. They just deleted the from the transcript.
And then they tried to say it was by mutual agreement with Bible, and more than words say,
yesterday, no way I would have agreed to that. No chance.
And then they Rumsfeld, at his press conference, they passed him and know while he was in total denial,
that business about what was the line again about, oh yeah, you can take it to the bank that this
is going to happen. He says, oh no, I never said it and you can take that to the bank. Yuck, yuck,
yuck and of course all of his butt liquors there and they're the Pentagon news briefing.
Oh, yes, how funny, Danny. Ah, rubbery or a panic. And then they slipped him and
they don't know if he didn't even understand. They say, well guess what, they're already admitted
they deleted and you could say that, oops, oops, time's up, time to go. Time for another
on the Ocon and P-NAC meeting. Would you have bush. That's what they got in the pipeline,
keep in mind. I just mentioned that in passing. Again, that's what their plans are.
Four more years for W, then eight years for for Jed. And then another eight for George P.
Right. And then of course, they're like that fifth and grinded. What about Noel? Once you get
all pulled out. Deputy QA and hello. Hey, how about old rivers by Walter Brennan?
What was that? Is that really the name of the song? I don't know. Is it like old bad river? Is that
something? No, no, no, that's it. Oh, no, you must have been eating it macaroni grilled too often.
I like the macaroni grilled by the way. Walter Brennan, old rivers, that is the name of the song.
And then they made number five holy moly. Very good, Pally. Old rivers.
Holy, maybe it's talking about Johnny Rivers. I do love Johnny Rivers. Don't anybody put any
Johnny Rivers songs on here? We'll come to the house now. Look at Bratzi beat the crap body.
Old rivers, you got it there, Josh? I got it there. I'm right. Maybe it's talking about Mickey Rivers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, you're maybe Mickey Bridges.
Underrated trot man there. Look at that. Now Dick Feinberg. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line. I'll tell you one thing. Eat normal shell brainer. WQAM, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir. Neil here? Speaking. You're out. Yes. How about Donny Osman Popylo?
Popylo? Oh, that was that Afghan song. I think he had his Afghan hound on his life, but he was a
singing that song. Popylo by Donny Osman. Very very embarrassing and a big hit.
Don't be knocking my good friend Donny Osman out. Let me drop a name. I only got two names to
drop. Dion and Donny Osman. Do I know anybody else? And Dave Johnson? Anybody else I know?
I'm talking about famous people, celebrities. You know how we're David?
Well, now we're talking big time. Absolutely. I don't want to just drop that name around anywhere.
WQAM, 70 QAM, hello. Hello. Yeah, two songs for Neil. Okay. You're talking to them.
Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you? Great. The electric slide and
the busher point that's the feeling hot. All right. Hey, that's all. Feeling hot? Yes. That's
time. Oh, you're right. That could be the worst song in history. Right. That's a lot of
family. Good one. Oh, hot, hot, hot. Oh, and that's another one they were used on
channel four, one of those. Channel four is evil, man. They are evil. Let me take a look at it.
Oh, it's not so hot now. I just took a look at it. Hot. Where is it? It's not on here. Are you sure
that's the name of the song? Pretty sure. Well, maybe it wasn't the top 40 here. We can only pray.
Although I want to put that on there anyway. I'll make an exception. That's how much I hate that song.
Unknowing. They love to take annoying songs and just drive you crazy with it. Let's see.
The extra point, extra here was, uh, no, but a little poke on there anyway. Hot, hot, hot. What was the
first one he said? Electric slide. Electric slide? Yes. What is that? Never. It looks kind of like
this and you plug it in. Yeah. And you get like, you get asked for another. Never
rich. You have it on the parties. It's another mass dancing song. Not unlike the macarena.
Electric slide? Where have I been? You know how to go parties? The election day.
Electric slide? It's not on here. Not a top 10 hits. So we'll put hot hot hot.
We'll want to win. We'll make it. We'll make it not a top 40. 5, 6, 7, if you're wondering what
else going on here? We're just starting. This is going to be quite an adventure all through the
whole four hours tomorrow. By the end of the day, we should have 50, 60, at least 30,000
songs on there that we hate and despise just to give you a chance to get it out of your system.
We hate it. This is great. I just found this by accident. I looked at this thing and I have
about Maxim Blender. Isn't that what it is? Yes. I actually said it's the right game in the
magazine. Maxi Pat Blender. And I thought this is making a great poll. This would be really a
sum of the hop on. So to speak. You didn't hear me say that. I, yeah. Songs so bad they're on a list
all their own is what the headline is from the Houston Chronicle. Let me just give you a couple
more from the their list of the well, this is the Maxim Blender top 50 list. Barbie Girl is on there.
Oh, will 2k by Will Smith. Ooh. If he did it, I hate it. I just despise him. The end by the doors.
Why is it that Airme listed bad songs always has the end by the doors? Well, what's so bad about
that? In fact, that's number like 26. Huh? It's depressing.
Mesmerized job rule featuring Ashanti. Hang in touch by the new kids on the block. Oh,
Brian. Brian Adams. And I'm not even sure if we can say the title of this song. The only thing
that looks good on me is you. That sounds like one of them. Louis Lou Jack Cowboy titles.
The only thing that looks good on me is you. That sounds pretty provocative to me by Brian Adams.
Canadian boy. He did by all including here. Oh, bloody. Oh, blood. Ah, by the Beatles. Now,
they always stick that on all of these lists. Huh? I don't know. The Beatles had so many throwaway
songs, you know, and that was one of the least of all. I'm not sure if we can say the title of this song.
Are we putting that on there? Sure. Well, you'll blood. And I'll tell you what it needs to be on
there. Talk about Canadian, eh? And believe me, there's plenty of Canadians made plenty of bad
records. And this is one of the all time where Selen Dion and my heart will go on. Oh my god.
Even Leo can't handle that. No, Mo. I thought you were going to talk about Andrew.
Let's just say for for tomorrow. Good evening, Q.A. And hello. I was four talkers.
Somebody Q.A. And hello. Q.A. And yes, how about question, Mark and the Mysterians 96 years?
You don't know. I think that's a great size one of my favorite songs. Oh, it was awful.
They're from Sagittall, Michigan. Oh, well, the one you were talking about before, yummy, yummy,
yummy. I grew up with the guy who wrote it. The song or the group, one of the group's
sisters. So, it really made me laugh. Okay, have a great day, sweetheart. 96 years, both of
that honor, even though I'd take great umberage with that. But she was very nice. I just think
she happens to be on that full of crap. That's all. You know, you like that. So I was 96 years,
but question just by question, Mark and the Mysterians, he was from Sagittall. He just couldn't say it.
Sagittall?
Somebody Q.A. And hello.
We're talking about that. That's you. We're talking about that. Hello.
Yes, sir. How about Muscrat Love by Captain Antonio?
A fabulous selection. Okay. Thanks a lot. Muscrat Love. Although we do like clubs,
we'll keep us together though written by Neil Sedanca. That's the doctor. Right. But Muscrat Love
was a, hey, it's a matter of fact, you know, whose favorite song that is? How can you clue?
Absolutely.
Oh, he just loves that Muscrat Love.
Back in the day, I had a fabulous line for that. Can't take no mold out. Can't take no mold.
Exactly. Four minutes to noon. We got the big commercial half hour come up. Now this thing is,
we can do this every day. You know what? Let's play a Marlin game at 1230 every day. I am
a sight. This is great. Love the Marlin. Nobody wants to talk about diseases, man, especially in
your own body. But you know, as you get older, well, first of all, you've got like a history in
your family of certain things. Maybe you're a heavy smoker. You're worried about your lungs.
Maybe you've got history of your family of heart disease. Maybe you're fat as a cow. And you're
worried that maybe the inside of your body, your rotting and falling apart. You got all sorts of
things in there. Here's a great way. I just did it last week. And this is fantastic. Hollywood
Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, much less intrusive and invasive.
And the not as big of a song of it as to be afraid of as the usual process. The coronary
heart scoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer. All sorts of other life-threatening
diseases in their early stages. The doctor's referral is not needed. It's like a virtual trip right
through your body. They actually look right into your lungs and down three years, you can see your
pancreas in your liver, and your colon, all of these things. What else is in your bladder? Kidneys.
And if there's anything there, catch it while there's still time to do something about it.
So it really can be a life-saving thing. It takes a very short period of time. And it's totally
non-impasive. No pain at all. For all your imaging exams, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-9666-3600 for
a test that can give you and your family peace of mind. This is 21st century technology at its
best. You'll be able to take advantage of it. At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer
state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed CAT scans, nuclear medicine,
and much, much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving in community for over 20 years.
And the facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you,
like if you break a leg or an arm or whatever, or a pharma falls down. Oh, call Hollywood Diagnostic
Center at 954-9666-100 for your imaging exam today. Like I keep telling you, it could be a
life-saving phone call. 954-966-3600.
I'm from Indiana, Ross, Nathan. And I like rubbing my stomach really as with soap made from
jewels. I'm listening to the new Rho-Hate, at least an hour.
Another thing, with the rules of the movie, would have been a big star by now.
With that little thing, sweet voice, I didn't expect to get anywhere in those cuties,
you. We saved you.
The whole wide sea of New York. Yeah, what a butt.
The whole wide-head view.
What do I do?
I play not me.
I want to die.
You're taking away.
Don't show me the role.
Don't be in the home.
Can't point to anything.
Why you I ought to smack you.
That's it.
I know my smell attract you.
Thank you.
But unlike that, you still got such a...
I feel just like that you are my brother.
And when you need to another.
That's why you are so not fighting.
It's just a bit of a difference.
I'm going to go to the door.
I'm going to go to the door.
I'm going to go to the door.
I'm on the show.
Hey, what's up?
In the cold sky.
In the cold sky.
I got some up.
From all three at five sixty speaking of a gauldie,
this is a good word that helps that fact.
You sent me so many facts.
You did.
What I just do with that.
Oh, here it is.
It says, no, I can't find it.
That's not the one.
There's something about the...
Carding up all those...
Here it is.
Ha ha ha ha.
The other sounds...
Next week on the disc book of Brown,
we need those...
Ah, and ooh, it was a little sounds
beside the...
Fuck, dude!
That one.
Yeah, you know the ones we're talking about.
Just by themselves separate.
We could have a great time with that.
Thanks, yeah.
Also, now this, I don't know.
It says, don't know the name of the song
because it sucks.
Yay, yay, yay.
God is good.
What if God was one of us?
What is that?
Oh, that's what if God is...
Or a small cannabis?
The song is called,
one of us by Joe Nilesport.
One of us.
What if God...
Yeah, it's Google Gobble.
If we didn't have such a shortage of time here,
I would actually play that
because that's one of my...
But we don't have time.
So anyway, we'll put that on there.
Here's the winner.
It says,
Disco Duck by Rick D's.
It says, put it on there, fat ass.
Okay, fat ass is putting right on there.
Disco Duck.
HR says,
they're coming to take me away
by Napoleon XIV.
Ha ha ha ha.
Kind of like your buddy.
Uh-huh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And that says,
on the reverse side of the 45,
it was the same song in reverse,
and the label was also printed backward.
Just to drag you crazy,
so it could relate to it.
You won't believe it,
but our first break of the half-hour
has come up momentarily.
My scrap line was good.
What?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
How else can you do it?
Just play them all back to back?
Reunited by Andrew Pittsburgh says,
Reunited by Peaches and Sturve.
A herb with a big thumbs down.
Good choice.
Reunited.
They don't like the syrupy songs, man.
They hate those...
syrupy songs.
We'll take...
We'll get some more calls in here before 1230.
We got the Marlon Pre-Gaming 1230.
Marlon's the 105 as they try to sweep the series
against Philadelphia.
Well, they sure own the Phillies, man.
Don't they?
What do they want about the...
Fuck three, man.
A bunch of the row against them.
Phillies suck.
The worst hit song,
How Forty and History,
Aiki Breaky Heart 39.
You might have my life 27,
Macarena 22.
Feelings by it.
The Aumche's Morris Albert the Cat 22.
Having my baby 17.
Don't worry, be happy 17.
And every time that used to come on,
I think I was happy till the song started.
We built the city 15,
Seedons in the Sun 13,
Icy's baby, maybe 12,
Ebony and Ivey 12,
party all the time, 11,
everybody else in religious.
Now, you've prepared the jargrapers.
This is going to be a hectic half hour now.
I don't want to put too much pressure on you.
But...
I don't want to know.
Because this is more 20 or more life situation.
You way, yeah.
Band for you, but change real good.
Yeah!
You want to give the excess energy to drive Mon Cravery.
Yeah!
So, what great the cereal will you tell Mon to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Yeah, there's happiness.
So, you want to give it to the teacher?
She does something.
New super sugar-coated sugar-shockers are little bits of
raw-camed, drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar.
Bluecoes, fructose, corn syrup,
and other natural sweeteners.
And they taste just like sugar-coated sugar.
Right.
Because there's no yetky vitamins or minerals
to spoil your fun.
Yeah!
And how did it make you feel?
Like, time's by,
I pray to you.
I love that chocolate.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
And mom, the love sugar-joggy stew,
costs inside everybody.
There's a free bottle of new flintstone's
jewelable valium.
So try new super sugar-coated sugar-coated
sugar-coated from your friends at Irresponsible Foods.
Or just what I just found,
speaking of the worst song of all time.
What?
Oh.
I didn't like that.
I just thought you were about cannibalism
as a good song.
Timothy, get it on here.
Here's another one,
bothered for a long day.
Well, I disagree.
It was annoying.
Hang on, Sloopy, by the McCoy's.
Hang on, Sloopy, right?
Right.
It was okay.
But he didn't like it.
So put it on there.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6,
you won't take a couple of calls,
but I just worse than more with spots.
Believe me, mostly spots.
Nobody can you win, hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Hey, I don't know if this one's done or not.
Is Gary Glitter's Rock-A-Wall Part II on there?
It is now.
Okay, that's gotta be the worst song ever, right?
I always want to puke when I go to games when I hear this.
Sorry.
Get it on there.
I agree with him, man.
This heater file here is the Gary's and Glitter's.
Rock and roll part two.
And the shower part in the car is just nauseous.
It's coming.
Wow, that is just the, he's right.
That's one reason to watch the games on TV.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the 18th headline.
Nobody can you win, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How about the heater Kalata song?
He's a Kalata.
Right?
Who did that?
Rupert Holmes, he's an author of you.
Oh yeah, remember, he was kind to Sherlock, one and John.
Thanks a lot, Charlie.
Good to see you.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Peanut Kalata, be careful how you spell that.
12, 13, QAM.
I'm a high-end local.
We're support radio 5, 60, QAM, QAM.
Oh, we're all wet.
And they're at Sean's defeat.
The lock is out on a haunted screen.
If she's gone too hell, then she'd left when she should.
The night that Gary Condon gave it to her, but good.
They were out on a date, parking, there we start.
Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far.
Happy short of the motor, turn your head set.
How about it?
Maybe I could use me some...
Maybe that young intern said that wasn't right.
But the cock-kills in their system had them feel so light.
John got thoughtful a moment and said, you're no place.
That maybe true, said Gary, but I still want the rails.
Let them.
Ah!
Where can that Sean's a breed?
She ain't been heard or seen for so many weeks.
If she's gone too hell, then she'd left when she should.
The night that Gary Condon gave it to her, but good.
When he woke up the next morning, Sean drove us not around.
Though Gary had no tourists, his pants were still down.
He remembered her points into her party supplies.
Yes, Gary finally got caught. He wanted last night.
She had opened the door when the experiment said,
I'll be back in just a minute to work.
Then she took off after he blew her up gifts.
And no one including Gary has seen her since.
Though the practice she's gone, please track away.
Not be right.
If somebody knows the truth, well then the truth will be night.
Well, what a nice editing job by me there with a foot of the finger just in time too, is my job.
Ah!
I had the reason I played that last kiss, Jay Frank Wilson.
And it was later on redone by whom?
Some of them. That guy.
Well, somebody, but last kiss horrible song, depressing, terminal, wildfire makes me throw up bloods as the time in Zim and Kee-R-Go.
Michael Murphy, wildfire and...
Oh no!
For a render song, and it comes.
Born enough.
Ah! What is it?
I'm a good partner.
What is that?
Saturday morning confusion by Bobby Russell.
Oh! Where is he?
It's my fourth birthday.
Where is the TV?
Ah! I tell you this.
Now it's my bad, brutal, bad man and bozo.
Don't spill the porn, break the blood, break the porn from the office.
Who wanted us to have a beer with the boys?
Now I can't buy the five-bit Saturday morning confusion.
You know that sounds grotesque.
How many people I have?
How long do I remember that?
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, I'm going to be pretty messed up because a lot of them
might think the song is throwing out there.
Well, sometimes you outgrow stuff, you know?
He's been in the sub by Terry Jackson's song by worship, and I'll be kidding.
Well, hopefully I'll be a good friend.
Well, I went up through in there, Tony Orlando went down.
Hi, Yellow Ribbon around here.
I already got a thanks a lot, pal.
A good one though.
Good choice.
Hi, Yellow Ribbon around Tony's neck is what I'm thinking.
Now he's a born again Christian Tony Orlando,
which makes us despise me even more than we did before.
Well, he's a...
former substance abusers turned to Jesus.
And Diet Coke.
And probably true a lot of gum like I'm a...
All like I'm a...
I'm a...
I got to play that.
I don't have time.
Anyway, it's time for Neil and I were up there.
No matter.
Although that was close.
Hi, I'm Luke.
And you're a radio fight system.
You're a genius.
Thank you, baby.
Are you sick of tossing and turning because you can't sleep at night?
Yeah.
You gotta be up for work in a few hours.
All I want is a little sigh.
Then why not kick back and relax with crime life records new double-feedy set?
The sounds of silence.
That's right.
Let your cares melt away with the soothing, relaxing, peaceful tranquility of complete and utter
nothingness on this ridiculous, digitally remastered timeless CD of pure,
noiseless serenity.
You'll hear songs like this.
And this...
Plus, if you act now, for those of you who vacation in the country and can't get to sleep,
without the ambient noise of a bustling, thriving metropolis,
will also throw in, at no additional charge, sounds of the city.
Wow.
Just like a real red and festive, intense, populated urban locale.
So now I can find the things that spread on it.
Toward of the sounds of silence and the free crappy bonus CD,
sounds of the city called 1-800-I'm a total gobble idiot and all buy anything,
starting with COD.
I have no life.
Okay, 26 after you know we got the pregame, come out for the marlins,
they're going for the sweeping fillet out here.
Come out for about three and a half minutes, something like that.
Like I said, coming up in about three minutes, something like that.
I think I'm so proud of myself, I'm going to pat myself right in the end.
So I do like, all the spots in there, and one and a half hour, huh?
Right?
I don't know about me, if they're going to say to me, well, you know,
you're thinking you can get these out?
Sure, I understand, it'll pay me a few bucks.
No problem, I don't know all spots you'd be like.
In fact, let's just have all spots radio, I've told them that a long time.
Okay, here's the deal, are we going to carry all of these over for tomorrow?
What do you think?
Or should we just take like the top 20 minutes start and moron?
Whatever we got on the same moron.
Moron.
Anyway, right now, achy bricky heart 44, the worst hits on them all the time.
You light up my life 29, macaroni 25, feelings 22, having my baby 19.
Don't worry, be happy 18.
We built this city 17, everything 9,15.
George Haysett.
Seasons of the sun 14, ice ice baby 12, party all the time it doesn't.
Now, how come nobody has mentioned this would be a real good one to go to the ballgame with?
How come, and this is especially for your close personal friend
that loves to shake hands and concert with you with the appearances?
The guy with the eyes.
Oh, yes.
I like to have a rock.
By the way, I didn't feel that for different reasons though.
Yeah, I like that.
I'm singing and right in the middle of a good reason.
I call that once I wake up from something that keeps not coming at my brain.
I'm singing for I grow and sing I hold my pillow.
That's our full question, I better hear it.
David Cassidy or Susan Bates.
She made me out the words I've read.
I think I love her.
Hey David, you're Dade.
This morning I woke up with this feeling.
You're getting old how to feel with that.
So I just decided to myself.
I'd hide it to myself.
And they'll talk about it and did not go and show up.
I better have the song there Josh.
I think I love you.
I'm gonna have to have the song.
Oh, I think I love you.
I have no life.
No.
No.
I'm a homo.
Yes, all of these things.
That's fine.
More on.
But third man.
I do what it's all about.
I must think about it.
Hey.
Hey, David.
