Oh, oh, oh, oh!
No, no.
Let's up you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice loud.
Yeah.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used.
Use you to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam who saved.
You're coming to a big ugly concrete building near you.
Stop it, Noya, present your food.
The real game concerts is the Let's Get Drunken Puketour.
I'm pretty low.
Yeah, we go mad at you.
Wait till you see the clean up costs for this one.
Off the wagon and on the road.
I ain't seen my fever since the night before last.
Gotta get a drink, man, I'm gonna get gas.
Gonna get high, man, I ain't had enough.
Leave me a triple shot of that stuff.
Gonna get drunk, all to listen right here.
I wanna run, run, run, run, run.
I'm trying to let me, I wanna run, run.
I'm not, I'm not being, what I'll do.
Sponsored by Johnny Walker, Johnny Walker Black,
and Johnny's two drugs to stand with a lone one.
Trotside chicken's available now.
George, throw it on the road.
Cause it can no longer be here.
I'm gonna leave you.
The dead spins are about to begin.
George, throw it on good.
Toss it up in your town soon.
10.49, now let me ask you, let's do a little on-the-ear programming
cause we got 11 minutes before the top of the arm.
We got two breaks and we're gonna do the first break or not.
Oh no.
You sure?
Yeah.
And I gotta do the live spot.
All right, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll move it.
No, no, we can't move it.
We were like sold out.
Oh no.
I didn't like that.
We're sold out boys and girls and I got like a little scratch.
I told you yesterday did I tell you right in the middle of the show?
Yes you did.
I felt like my mufflinzy allergies were kicking them again and
started getting like a little scratchy throat, a little bit of a cold.
But there's nothing like Vix.
Don't you?
Is there anybody who doesn't like Vix?
I love Vix.
Man.
I can just sit and sniff it.
Oh, I'm gonna affect.
I think I'm gonna sniff Vix during the entire show today.
Hmm.
So I'm gonna do like the isolated spot and it will do like the other break, right?
I need to do the on-the-ear programming but with Howard we never know what we're gonna get on.
And that's fine with us.
Mm-hmm.
Because, huh?
Huh?
We're starting to like Howard.
He'll hell of a lot more by every minute of every day.
You know what I mean?
With every beat of the heart.
That is correct.
Time to get serious about that show.
Anyway, 10.50, 10.4011.
Let's take a look at that QAM lineup.
Today we got a pristine lineup.
Today we got the Mad Dog of two.
All right.
The Humperage Four.
Hey, stuff.
We got the Big O.
Rock Solid.
Add seven, Eddie K. antenna.
We don't have any, you know what I mean?
Everybody else has got their signature thing.
But we, Eddie K, we don't have like a thing yet where he says, you know,
the Overs and the Unders and the Inns and the Inns.
We'll have to get some pretty K.
Right now I want to tell you about my friends over at Guarantee Mortgage,
Bankers and Deerfield Beach, with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Now recently they helped out listener Vars who never thought he'd be able to qualify to build his own home
or to buy it or whatever he was doing with it.
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options
as to the type of mortgages he could get and were closely with him to determine which was best.
And then they made it happen.
That's Guarantee Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach.
Call them toll free at 1-800-734-6616.
Would you look for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate?
About third man.
Or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages, Guarantee Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach
has exactly what you'd be looking for.
They offer payments as low as $332 for every 100,000 chabarrel folks.
Guarantee Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach can make it happen for you too.
Not only will they make it happen for you, they'll even send you out of crews
that is correct.
After closing your loan with Guarantee Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach,
you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises,
compliments of Guarantee Mortgage Bankers.
Call them toll free right now 1-800-734-6616.
Would you want to purchase a new home and investment property or just refinance your courier mortgage?
Call that number 1-800-734-6616 or on the web at Guarantee Mortgage Bankers.com.
That's Guarantee Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach at 1-800-734-6616.
We're between it just like family.
And now we don't have to play the thing right?
Just isolated.
Just kind of like all out there like hanging in suspended air.
There you go.
Or we could play a little bit.
Okay, let's take a look at the result yesterday's pool.
But we had a humongous response on the pool, you know what?
Yes indeed.
Dan, don't let me talk too fast today because I got to conserve my throat.
Because otherwise you'd have to be on the rest of the week.
No, we don't want this for a throat.
Yes we do.
George has been doing a spectacular job.
Let's hear it for George.
Oh!
Anyway, what well-known person do you think is the biggest phony that was our pool question yesterday?
1885 vote.
Holy crap, that's a lot of votes, you know.
1805, let's work from the bottom on up.
Ed Koch, she didn't have any.
She had the big and enjoyed it, too, as a matter of fact.
Ed Crotch, former Mayor of New York, Democrat Turn Code Bush, your supporter.
Morrie Pulvich, or is that Murray Puppetch had a pair?
Leslie Storon.
Thank you, Morrie.
She had two, Leslie.
Tucker Carlson, with that silly ass vote I had three.
Nancy Grace had eight.
Paul Crotch of Janet Paul Crotch, who according to some rumors, may be...
BAAAMING!
He had a dozen.
Lindsay and Wayne Heiseng, the same person they were tied with, 20 of you.
And you know the interesting part of that?
That they both have a gay child.
What's going on around?
Do you ever stop thinking about that?
I have.
Well, there you go.
Leach had 20.
Larry King, 21.
Pat Robertson had 22.
Madonna, 23.
Tyward Donald Trump, 23.
J. Lowe, 24.
Now we get to the more serious people.
Sean Hannity, 25.
Miss Matt Rudge, 32.
Tyward Ant-Coder, 32.
There's a match for you.
Phil Henry had 34.
He's moving up there.
Are you sure in the lack of credibility category?
Phony.
Rudy Giuliani, 36.
Dennis Miller, 39.
Can't stand that child.
Jerry Falwell, 45.
Grinna, don't let that purple-tinky winky get his ass.
Not only knows what he might do with it.
Oprah had 50.
Nice going, honey.
I want that free liver.
The Pope 54, Condoleezah had 67.
Jimmy Swagger, 92.
Kathy Lee Gifford, 101.
Well, what a great response this was.
And it came out just the way you'd expect.
Dr. Phil, like I predicted, moved up handsomely 165.
A strong turd.
Second, Bill O'Reilly.
Pottymouth Bill 186 and leading.
Look at the difference in numbers there.
Leading in a class in a league of his own.
Just off to the races, 699 votes, winning by almost 500 votes.
Rush Limbaugh, Pill Pop and Rush.
Can you believe that?
Show it there.
Okay, let's take a peek at who's on our beaded curtain today.
Chasey Lane.
Now, back in the day, I might have been able to read some of the titles of the movies
that Chasey was in.
Right.
She was born December 7, 1971, which makes her about 32.
Right.
She'll be 33 in December.
December 7, though, was Pearl Harbor Day.
Oh, the day after my birthday.
Well, how about that?
All things are kind of tight, by the way.
Anyway, actress, if she was in dairy-made, take a Jill Pill,
monsters of...
With Peter Norther, and it was monsters in the midway, either.
Weapons of...
Shun.
Well, I can only read parts of this, because otherwise Joyce is going to have a fit.
Semhane, Teacher's Pet, Best of the Vivid Girls, No. 30.
But third, man.
Uh, I can't read any of these.
Like, he got game...
American Dream Girls captured on camera.
Dirty Bob's excellent adventures.
GM Las Vegas review.
Oh, she's made a Zid in movies and coupled with her clothes on.
Not too many.
So there she is, Chacy Lane.
She's behind the beaten curtain on eoroges.com.
But take a quick peek on there, or a long peek as long as John Ascroff ain't looking.
10.56, it seems like I just did a break here tonight.
But you didn't.
But we didn't.
We didn't really do.
It was just a stump break.
It was just a little practice.
10.56 at 5.60 WQAM.
Two weeks from today's election day.
We're probably here today from some of the people that did the early voting yesterday.
With some of their good stories.
What?
Nothing.
Just some of the news footage.
They had that.
Especially with the A&E.
No problems, man.
Glenda in the hood.
She's got it covered.
And of course, good old Theresa LaPore up there in Palm Beach.
That bitch.
Hey, IRS tax problems have where you run it, ruining all the aspects of your life.
They take a tool on you financially, physically, and emotionally.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems as they come back each morning when you wake up.
Like a recurring nightmare.
CPA Genie Buckwald and the Buckwald tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever.
Give you a back piece of mind, too.
That's why other top CPA law firms would further clients to the Buckwald tax firm where they have IRS problems.
One that avoid potential criminal prosecution.
Get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien.
A wage levy.
O payroll taxes and penalties.
You want to settle for thousands less than you owe.
The need time to pay whatever the situation is with you.
The Buckwald tax firm can help.
They offer a free initial consultation with no obligation.
Affordable and guaranteed fees.
And immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And, best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS.
The Buckwald tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to get involved.
So call 954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800, whether you owe a $10,000, a $1,000, a million, whatever it is in IRS taxes.
The Buckwald tax firm can help you out.
Call 954-575-2800 today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at www.irsfeetem.com.
And stop worrying about the IRS knocking at your front door.
It's 954-575-2800.
The Houndster Show.
We are Rogers' mornings in mid-day.
And, towards the Roman clock, the Vice Secretary.
We are...
A...
...stance of power manure covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Get ready for the Saurious CDU ever heard.
Dan Rather's Sauri duets.
I'm sorry.
So sorry.
Not only does Dan sing a Sauri duet with Brenda Lee.
He sounds even Saurier with Chicago.
I'm sorry.
Plus, Dan Rather's Sauri duets features this Sauri sing along with Rubin's Judd.
It's like a Mr. Shutt.
It's like a Trump-a-Fall.
I'm sorry.
Order now.
And if you're not completely satisfied, Dan Rather will personally say...
I'm sorry.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to a two-weeks-from-day election day.
And then, of course, we got the people out there who couldn't give a flying crap less about election day, which is kind of sad.
And did the...
What's the difference with the May crowd?
It's gonna make a big difference.
This is the...
They keep saying it.
The most important election in my lifetime.
But nevertheless, there are those people out there who just refuse to be swayed or moved or...
They're... they're professionally indifferent.
So anyway, here's something more exciting and enticing to you.
Angelina Joly, who manages to mesmerize men and fight off robot invaders with just one eye in her latest movie, has been named the Sexiest Woman Alive in the latest edition of Esquire Magazine.
This is the thing they do every year.
Although we do this poorly often, right?
Although, do we do the one about Sexiest Woman Alive?
We must have.
We must have somewhere along the line.
But long enough ago that we forgot.
So just for telling me never did this before.
Who do you think is the Sexiest Woman Alive?
Now, here's their top three from Esquire.
And we'll start our poll with that.
Angelina Joly, Halle Berry or Britney Spears.
But you're Halleol Win.
No, I won't vote for Britney Spears.
She's been trashing it up lately.
Yeah.
You love that trashing up with that bitch.
I'll tell you that right now.
Oh, no doubt.
But still.
At any rate.
She ain't no chasey lane.
And she sure as hell wasn't in that with Peter North.
Anyway, although I bet.
Oh, can you imagine how much would you pay for that movie?
Let me see how much I got Britney Spears in Peter North.
Of course, Peter North now is like old and more now.
But you don't care about that.
Anyway, here's the facts from Fred C.
Our pollster or self-proclaimed pollster anyway who's doing a fine job.
You're doing it Fred.
He's got his latest extrapolation here.
And he's got carry beating Bush 272 like robots to 266.
Of course, you need 270.
That's the magic number for you.
Bozos out there who can't figure it out.
And sometimes I forget.
And anyway, he's got.
Well, that's the changes he made.
He says in North Carolina in Virginia,
which he still gives the Bush,
Kerry is closing in the latest state by state polling.
And he's giving Florida Nevada and Florida.
And Wisconsin do Bush and Nevada the Kerry.
I think he's, I don't think Kerry's going to win the VAT.
And I think Kerry is going to win Wisconsin.
How Bush is going to win Florida without a tremendous amount of help
from our fat ass governor and Glenda in the hood.
I have no idea.
Because if you watched on your local news,
you want, and also on the networks,
all of those screaming memes throughout there yesterday
getting the really voting roll going.
The overwhelming proponderance of those people were Democrats.
We're Kerry people.
You noticed that?
Right.
Because they're taking the message for me.
They're voting several times.
They're not about to let happen what happened four years ago.
They're voting 15, 20, maybe even.
About 30, man.
Times just to make sure that at least one of them might count.
And that's the way to do it.
Just be persistent, man.
Keep going back.
Say, oh, I didn't vote before.
You're full of it.
I noticed that Robin had this story at the end of the Stern Show.
So we don't want to spend too much time on it.
About Mark Oman.
Would you believe in who the hell I was?
Maybe?
No doubt about it.
Mark Oman is the stable person.
In a hospital after motorcycle crash in Central London,
the singer was injured after he was, what is that word?
P-I-L-L-L-I-O-N.
I have never heard of that word.
It must be a brick thing.
This is the BBC website.
Is it pilloried?
He was pillion passenger on a bike that collided with the car.
And you're saying Paul Skathid will on Sunday.
He was pillionned.
Some people get pillionned.
He got pillionned.
Both he and the writer were taking a hospital.
Oman had emergency surgeries being treated intensive care.
He's going to be okay.
Oman had his most famous hit with his group,
Sofzel with their song,
Tainted Love, went to number one in 1981.
One hit wonder.
Yes, remember we were playing with one hit wonder?
That was one of them.
Indeed.
And as soon as I saw the story, I said to myself,
boy, I got that disc right in my drawers here.
And sure enough, there it was.
Let's see.
Here's Gary in Western.
Say sorry.
I'm a little late.
Let's do yesterday's pool.
Oh, here's another good one we should have had on there.
Three of the biggest phony of mall is that...
...whole.
Chris Matthews.
Maybe we can have John Stewart on his show and bitch slap him like he did on Crossfire.
Good choice, Gary, but a little bit late now.
He's got a lot of votes.
Let's see.
Here's another one from...
What is this?
To MSNBC.
Gary, I'm not going to use his last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
I'm not going to use my last name.
Gary, this one sentence, the facts of screw up.
Yes, I did.
Yes, I did.
It says, you're duplexed as a part of our selected president
as revolting at best.
In other words, you and your minions need to take a long
look in the mirror and see how it is you can live with yourself.
To allow this cartel of administration to continue to do
to the American public with what you're purporting to report as...
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority, Neil God!
How's that Hockey season coming?
Another terrorist light coming into the country.
It got converted and we went to Maine.
Now how I wish I had not formed my turban,
because they sent me away.
I converted many years ago.
That's when I changed my name from cats.
Now the terrorist I am on, because my last name is Islam.
That's why they sent my butt right back.
Oh, another terrorist light has been interrupted.
Nobody wants to see me on a plane.
I didn't even try to like my shoe.
This ain't no peace train.
Oh, this ain't no peace train.
This ain't no peace train.
I'm not solemn, this ain't all my shoe is not in flames.
This ain't no peace train.
I'm dying out of here.
29 till noon at 560 W.D. Creme.
We got 91 votes on the pool.
Sexiest woman alive.
So far we need to expand that list, you know what?
Yes we do.
Angelina Jolie, she'd be having 40,
Halley Berry 22.
Britney Spears only has 19.
I'm amazed at that.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe she's kind of like old meat.
That's all that.
Jessica Simpson ate and Vita Guerra has got a pair.
So I'm told.
UK anti-boch letter spark outrage.
A pro carry letter writing campaign by Britain's
left-leaning Guardian newspaper targeting undecided US voters
has provoked outrage across the Atlantic.
Oh my God.
The papers encourage its readers to express their opinions on the
November 2nd presidential election to voters in the Key Swing State of Ohio
to the fury of Clark County, their PO didn't afford up.
Hey England, Scotland and Wales, mind your own business.
We don't need weenie spying to lie.
Mees middling in our presidential election was one of the email reactions to the campaign.
The Fox National cable television network surprised, surprised, turned to the newspaper.
And even John Kerry's own Democrats expressed horror at the campaign.
Horror.
We feel it's not a good idea.
I think it was unwise.
It's so poorly thought out said Sharon Manita, spokeswoman in Britain for Democrats
abroad, but the newspaper whose cartoons regularly portrayed President George W.
Bush as a semi-literate ape was unrepentant.
You don't mean smirking chimp to you.
What a concept.
We did consult a number of opinions made our decision accordingly.
Assistant features editor Paul McKinnon's told Reuters it's been an operation to give our readers an
opportunity to express their opinions.
Ohio a swing state which Bush won by just 4 percentage points is in 2000, the Clark
Counties at its heart.
The campaign is a bit dissuade voters and the county's electoral register who have declared themselves
undecided.
As of Monday night more than 14,000 people are registered to write a voter, write two of
a voter in Cook County which has a population of 143,000.
So it's like one for every 10 people.
Individuals like film director Ken Lowe, spy writer John LaCara, historian Antonio Fraser
and opposition liberal democratic parliamentarian men's these Campbell have all written in their own
capacity not that they're named necessarily carry much weight in Cook County.
The Guardian which simply bought list of registered voters and extracted the undecided pledged
that it would only give out that image voter wants to avoid them being swamped by unsolicited
mail from complete strangers.
Nice job.
I like it.
Great idea and spread what all the goody tushes politically correct the schmuck holes are saying.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get some more names on that poll.
Okay.
And we can like get down to important stuff.
Pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WQ a.m. Hello.
How you doing?
Neil.
I'm trying to find out about the voters registration early.
Early voter registration.
This isn't registration.
This is early voting.
They're not registering their voting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But where are you going?
Where can you go to vote?
Is there like specific places?
We should probably put that on our website.
You know what?
We should.
Call up your regular.
There's a number on your voter registration card.
Call it up and they'll tell you where to go.
We should make a list because I came across yesterday.
It was in the, I think the herald and had a list of all the early polling places.
But if you're in doubt, just call up your, or you can just call up the Broward County of voter registration
officer in Dave County or Palm Beach where would have you live.
Got it?
Early and often.
Maybe that's the motto.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I want to put a name on the poll.
Yes sir.
Go ahead.
Carman Electra.
All right.
You got it, man.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Carman Electra got her.
We got her.
She's had her moments.
Let's see.
Here's a couple of more Jennifer Garner and Eva Longoria of desperate housewives.
That's another one of those stupid ass shows that's on now.
I assume.
Who the hell is in that show?
I think it's not the one that Miguel is in from passions.
I don't know.
I don't know anything about it.
Well, how come you don't know him?
Is he supposed to be on top of these days?
Maybe it's up.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll be on top of Miguel for a little while anyway.
567-0560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Hey, there's, I think there's some hope Florida even though, I mean in general there's
a lot of people who are in the center of Florida when Charlie came through.
And before the storm came through, I shouldn't, I shouldn't have said I was up there
about four years ago and there were bush signs all over people's houses, right?
Yeah.
In the front line.
This time when I was up there driving around with my, my guy friends up there,
I only saw one bush sign and I saw car-wise there were about a dozen cars with bush
stickers on them and there were at least half as many wood carry ones.
So I think there's a lot of people in central Florida who are, you know,
well it's probably in Orlando.
Huh?
Especially in New Orlando area.
Correct.
That was leaning, you know, that's leaning towards carry now.
Then we're in it was four years ago and so forth.
Another thing is Heidi Klug is someone I think is very beautiful.
Heidi, are you a club?
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot, Polly.
I know what it is.
Just relax.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight.
Yeah, I think Carrie's going to win Florida.
I think they're going to be really shocked because number one bush isn't going to get anywhere
near the old Exilio vote in Dave County that he got four years ago.
That's number one.
And number two, how could the people not be pissed off and fired up about him stealing
the election in broad daylight four years ago?
It just would boggle my mind if the pee.
I know the people are like, you know, the brains are fried from the sun and all that.
But nobody could be that complacent to let it happen again.
So if he can win by a big enough margin, they wouldn't even be able to steal it even the fat ass brother governor.
And what the hell is your name?
Glend in the hood.
Comment prompts plane evacuation.
A Northwest AirLink commuter plane was evacuated before takeoff yesterday morning after two passengers
claimed to have overheard someone mention a bomb on a bomb while talking on a cell phone.
Guess where this was?
This was in Fargo, North Dakota.
Talk about that.
Great movie.
Yep.
Sergeant Steve Link said the plane's crew was alerted.
Passengers were told to leave the plane about 5.30 in the morning.
The plane was at Hector International Airport ready to leave from Minneapolis, St. Paul with 57 people aboard.
As they were waiting to board, two passengers overheard another passenger talking on a cell phone, making a reference to bombs away and the flight.
They overheard the man say that in the phone.
Bombs away and the flight.
Passengers were taken away secure area.
And they were questioned.
Police Sergeant Kevin Voltraff said no one was arrested.
Authorities found nothing suspicious.
He said bombs away.
Maybe just cut one.
Who the hell knows?
People are a little bit on the uptip say.
You know what?
So anyway, they already emailed Eric the link but it's pretty difficult to remember.
EarlyVoting.org.
Okay.
Why is that difficult to remember?
I'm being sarcastic.
It's a map.
A beautiful little map with the red dots on it telling you all about it.
On your website on theillratchers.com.
If you want to go to a direct earlyvoting.org, it will tell you where to go.
And if they won't tell you where to go, call me and I'll tell you where to go.
Here's line 9.
QAM Hello.
Can I have one for the poll?
Yes, sir.
What is it?
Martha Stewart.
Martha Stewart.
Martha Stewart.
I don't think so.
No, I don't think so.
Fuck.
WQAM Hello.
QAM Ola.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Can you put Kim Smith on your list of hottest women?
Kim Smith.
Yes.
Who the hell is that?
She's in Maxim and FHM.
She's just flawless.
She's the only good thing to ever come out of Texas.
Okay.
And the other thing is, you know, I did my part.
I would stop at a red light at Yamato and US1.
And I saw some guy putting push, chaining signs in the ground.
And I hopped to Louis on him.
Excellent.
He probably thought it was an orthodox Jew.
Well, if you didn't hear that story yesterday, we don't have time to do that.
We'll hear it.
Just one of them things that the orthodox do.
Them orthodox Jew.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to mad dog or two to predict now.
Let's see who did often play in this week.
Who they're going to lose to this week.
The Rams.
Oh my god.
Rams, the same Rams that beat Tampa Bay last night.
Yeah, it'll be ugly.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Your listening to Neil Rogers.
The rest of them are 566-8M.
Moody at 566-WQ-A-N.
You've heard.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'm dying on the end.
Miami has the dolphins.
They're the worst football team.
They've flopped the ball from goal to goal.
Like no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami,
you're talking toilet holders.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the league?
Butter and men.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to defend.
They in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins,
but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000.
Oh, sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so...
Amrich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the league?
Don't do it.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have draped feet.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a Super Bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the league?
Fuck food man.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always just a point you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than fireworks on high zingas ugly face.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh what the hell.
32 Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Come on Charlie.
Come down.
13.0.560 WQM.
Here's a fact that says sexiest woman alive is one of the Victoria secret models.
Her name is Adriana Lima.
A lovely Brazilian girl with jet black hair and green eyes.
Slim with a gorgeous pair of you know what?
You know who that is?
I think I've seen her.
Adriana Lima.
Well let's get her on there.
And it's interesting that our audience are a stuute audience for once.
So far right in line with the Esquire pool.
Not amazing.
Who do you think is the sexiest woman alive?
Angelina Jolie.
She came out number one in their pool and she's number one in our pool.
60 on a pool.
Halle Berry 35.
She was number two in there.
She's number two in ours.
And Britney Spears was number three in their pool.
And she's number three on our pool.
22.
Jessica Simpson doesn't.
Vita Gara 9.
Carmen Electro 3.
And after that small, small theaters.
Now as far as the early voting dates.
Yesterday through November 1, the day before election day early voting in Florida.
And thanks to whoever facts to sin by the way.
Hours of operation.
Monday through Friday 8.30 in the morning till 6 p.m.
Even on the weekend you can vote.
There are no excuses boys and girls.
It's the most important election of your lifetime.
Some people I know, you know, voting absentee.
I mean, do you think I would actually come all the way back down there to vote?
Yes.
No.
Some people like I said, voting absentee.
Monday through Friday 8.30 in the morning till 6 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
And even Sunday 1 to 4 p.m. after you done with church.
After you go pray that carry winds.
And here's a list of the early voting locations in Broward.
Which I don't want to read all these addresses.
But I give you like the rundown.
Okay, without the exact addresses.
Yes.
Dear field beats the North Regional satellite courthouse and Hillsboro Boulevard.
And Laudahill Mall.
In Laudahill.
In plantation of West Regional courthouse on North Pine Island.
Southwest Regional Library on Sheridan Street in Pemberer Pines.
The Tamarack Grants Library, West commercial Boulevard in Tamarack.
Oakland Park City Hall.
The Pompano Library that's on East Atlantic Boulevard in Pompano Beach.
Hollywood satellite courthouse on Hollywood Boulevard.
Pemberer Pines, the Howard Foreman Health Park on Florida Drive.
The Northwest Regional Library in Coral Springs on University Drive.
The North Regional BBC Library in Coconut Creek Boulevard in Coconut Creek.
The Main Library on South Andrews Avenue, 100 South Andrews Avenue for Lauderdale.
The Hellendale Beach City Hall, 400 South Federal Highway in Hellendale Beach.
And the African American Research Library on Sistorung Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale.
I know that's where Georgia is going to be voting.
That's right.
So that's the list.
I'm going to keep, hang on a bit.
What was that website again, earlyvoting.org?
Correct.
Wherever you may be.
Here's some good news for those people.
What they want to do is convince you.
Like I hear some of these people saying, well, I think, you know, Carrie's got a shot in Florida.
He's got a damn good shot.
Don't believe any of these.
Even the state by state polls.
They're full of crap.
Right.
I think he's going to take it.
Yeah, yeah.
Poll show tie.
This is the very, very latest as of this moment.
Two weeks before election day voters hold a sharply critical view of President Bush's record
and office, but they have strong reservations about Senator John Kerry leaving the race in the tie
according to the latest New York Times CBS news poll.
I thought everybody liked Fred Gwynne.
Mr. Bush's job of approval rating is at 44%.
Oh my God.
Is that pathetic?
Oh my God.
This is in today's New York Times.
A dangerous, low number for an incumbent president and one of the lowest of his tenure.
Somebody please explain to the president what that word means.
The majority of the voters said they disapproved the way Mr. Bush managed the economy in the
war in Iraq and echoing a refrain of Mr. Kerry's that his tax cuts had favored the wealthy.
No, Schmidt.
Voter said that Mr. K would do a better job of preserving social security, creating jobs
and ending the war in Iraq.
It has been about privatizing social security again, which they pretended, you know,
that wasn't supposed to come out.
And it leaked out of that interview with that article in New York Times Sunday magazine the other day.
And now they're saying, oh, well, we never made any pretense about that.
We've always said we want to do part of that.
Yeah.
So all the young folks out there can put the money in the stock market to fill the pockets of the big corporations
that are buddy-buddy with the administration.
And the meantime, well, guess what?
If your stock goes south like the tech bubble that we just had a couple of years ago, well, you lose.
You're done.
You're finished.
All your money's gone.
Now, real great idea to let all the young people in America speculate, not only to mention that,
but of course the tremendous shortfall at $2 trillion whole that believes in making the social security benefits for the current retirees.
But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the facts too many numbers.
A majority of Americans continue to see Mr. Karius and untrustworthy politician will see what he thinks people want to hear,
more than half of the respondents said they considered him liberal, reflecting a dominant line of attack by Mr. Bush.
This call a liberal.
Oh, boy.
Oh, my God.
The liberal is coming.
It's like the boogie man.
The poll found the two candidates each drawing 46% of all registered voters in the head that had raised nationwide.
Among likely voters in the two-way race, Bush 47, carry 46%, even Stephen.
The time CBS poll was conducted over four days after they finished the last of their three debates.
Some other polls taken during that time of show Mr. Bush in a slightly stronger position, more than they described as likely voters.
The variations reflected difficulty of determining who is going to vote, especially in a campaign in which both sides have invested so many resources in registering new voters.
44% job approval rating for the Bushmeister.
That is, it's pathetic.
The time CBS News poll suggested an area of vulnerability for Republicans in Congress also only 38% of the polls respond and said they approved the way Congress was doing its job.
46% of respondents said they planned to vote for Democratic congressional candidates compared with only 38% who said they vote Republican.
As of now, voters have a warmer view of the Democratic Party than the Republican Party.
52% said they had a fair view of the Democrats compared with 47% for the Nazi-Adventure Republicans.
So there are some good numbers coming exactly two weeks before Election Day.
Don't get sucked in like I said to these like the CNN Gallup poll.
Keep that Gallup name in mind, okay?
They go out in the interview like 75 Republicans and four Democrats and say, oh the President's leads increasing big time. He's going to win.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, welcome back.
Let's go.
And what I want to say is Brooke Burke from the E Wild On Show.
Okay.
That's one of the hottest women in the world that I want to say.
I thank you again to this President for the most guy crisis.
Okay, thank you very much.
Staff, I've almost forgot about that.
You remind us.
Thank you, Mr. President, for the record-breaking low-gas prices.
There are a couple of cents away from the all-time record.
Regular, unleaded.
Not premium, regular 209.
Oh, no.
That must be a mistake.
Thank you, Mr. President.
I thought they were going to hook that hose up, huh?
They gave America a big hole job.
All right, but wasn't the one you had in mind, folks.
How could anybody see?
And this is why they have to keep calling the names.
Oh, he's a liberal.
He's more liberal than Ted Kennedy.
He's this.
His purple hearts were really like pink instead of purple like...
BAAAINING!
But how dare he talk about Murray Cheney like this?
Well, I got a couple of great articles on that.
About that bitch Lynn Cheney.
Phony, baloney.
Now, here's the...
Do I have time for this right now?
No, because I don't want to cut it short.
Don't cut it short.
No, it's the article about Mel Martinez,
the last article from last week in the Herald.
And again, thanks to whoever sent that in.
72, say Angelina Jolie is the sexiest woman alive.
Halle Berry 46.
Britney Spears 23.
Look at that.
1, 2, 3 just exactly the way that the Esquire pull came out of 180 votes.
Jessica Simpson 16.
Vida Guerra has got 10.
Carmen Lecrete.
Adriana Lima has got 2.
Eva Langeria has got 1.
But there's nothing worse than having Langeria.
Heidi Klum has got 1.
She can do like what's the name of the Ethel Bloom.
Jennifer Garner won and Kim Smith don't have any.
How does Meg Green do them by the way?
I haven't heard from her in a long time.
I know. Why did that name just come by?
I don't know.
Well, I put her on the phone.
That was the end of my Ethel Bloom who used to be on KET 100 years ago.
What is that thing under?
Meg Green on money?
No, I don't have any Meg at all.
Sure you do.
No, I don't.
You have to have Meg Green on money.
It's been in here for 100 years.
I don't have it.
I don't got it.
I do have it.
No.
Randy, I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
I'm here, Maddie here, Meg.
You want to know something truthfully?
I'm happy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat.
We're going out for a cruise.
I'm having for the 4.5 years.
My first weekend's off.
I'm promoting my video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I figured it was some kind of promotion thing.
No, no, no, no.
Not at all.
I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station.
Honestly, God, I do.
Really?
Trust me.
I'm not lying.
I call to congratulate you.
Well, Meg, I just can I just ask you one last question there.
Sure.
Why on your last show?
Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WIOD?
I made a mistake.
I made a bad call.
Sam, I'm going to be listening to you.
And I think you're fun.
And I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend.
Honestly, God, I needed to have that.
And I've been enjoying listening to you.
And it's no fault.
Now, have a good day.
See ya.
Don't believe the word of it, man.
She's sat here and trashed me for a whole afternoon.
A whole afternoon.
And sat here and said I didn't have a chance in hell.
I had no talent.
What the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake.
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party.
So she's going to kiss a little butt.
You are listening to Neil Rogers exclusively on 516-2-A-R.
Well, it beat at 12-1-A-R on WQM.
Desperate for changing.
I went online.
I emailed the dumb and it tricks.
Now everything is fine.
I make it in a dungeon made for slaves.
I get with what I have missed, we hate.
Just to prove that she is my bastard.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
So let all heels are painful.
When there were my bars,
But that pain is a shit not fair.
When you're hanging from your nuts,
And I've been hanging from my testicles for days.
Now my balls are riding at decay.
Just to prove that she is my bastard.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
My scrotum used to be a normal sack.
Now I can pull it halfway up my back.
I'm to prove that she is my bastard.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
So guess what movie I want to get over the weekend?
I just have to come up on one of my channels.
I want a good guess.
And what I discovered, which I think I already had a pretty good inkling,
But I discovered beyond the shadow of a doubt, is what a really crappy anchor is doing to foster it.
She is brutal.
Doctor, doctor, doctor.
I like the scene where he calls her there toward the end, you know?
And she's listening to the dial tone.
I always love on TV when you hear the dial tone.
People can say, hello?
Hello?
You know, I like this.
Hello.
Are you in there?
I'm here.
Kind of like that.
Doctor Lector.
She sucks.
Scott and Coco and Creeks says, please add Jessica Albedeer, Paul, I love that damn woman.
Okay, you got it.
Jessica Alba.
I sure like that drink that she makes.
Anyway, here's one that says my vote is for Tara Banks or for a little bit of local color, Danielle Knox.
New who that is?
Yeah.
She's fine.
She's fine.
She'll do.
Okay, we're building a good list there.
Now, here's the Mel Martinez thing by Carl Heiss and a few days ago in a hero.
From political puppy to campaign attack dog, this is Mel Martinez that's running for the US Senate
for Bobby Graham seat against Betty Kaster.
And there are people who don't like Betty Kaster for this reason.
Don't forget about that.
Okay, she's the far better of the two choices.
She's our only hope.
Carl Heiss and Rob is going to grips.
Or just did.
Carl Heiss and Wright's the jack of the high transformation of US Senate candidate Mel Martinez is not complete.
A once progressive Republican who counted leaders of both parties among his admirers, Martinez has morphed into a nasty right wing drooler.
His conversion has been swift and appalling.
It began with the GOP primary campaign in which Martinez blasted former representative Bill McCollum as anti-family for supporting advanced stem cell research.
Anti-family, that's the equivalent of flipping the middle finger at everyone who has a relative afflicted with Alzheimer's and New Dearest to hope for a cure.
But Martinez wasn't done yet.
He offended even more people by running commercials that attacked McCollum for supporting hate crime laws.
Martinez called him the new darling of homosexual extremists.
The absurdity was obvious to anyone who would follow McCollum's offer conservative career.
More disturbing with Martinez on a bash disdain for hate crime legislation, which protects not only homosexuals but Jews, Muslims, Catholics, African Americans, Asian Americans, all of us in fact.
One would have thought that Martinez and his immigrant himself would display at least a shred of sensitivity on an issue so basic to human decency.
His sneering new stance was alarming to some who had known him as a trial lawyer, Orange County Chairman, and most recently the Secretary of U.S. Housing and Urban Development.
But to understand why Martinez suddenly grew fangs, you have to remember how he came to run for the Senate. He got drafted by the White House.
He had two attractive attributes for statewide race in Florida.
Number one, he was Hispanic.
Incredible.
Number two, he was not Catherine Harris.
To be sugared, a president bushes reelection team.
Harris was contemplating a run for Senator Bob Rehm soon to be vacated seat.
Her presence in the race would have revived the toxic debate over the non-recount in 2000, the last in the Republicans wanted.
As an alternative, Martinez was deemed more electable than McCollum who already lost one bruising Senate bid.
No sooner had Martinez accepted the Bush-Campson invitation than he veered hard to the right declaring he was no centrist.
Reading dutifully from the party script, he denounced liberal judges, gun control, abortion rights, high taxes, and yes, stem cell research.
But ever since winning the primary in alienating many moderate Republicans, Martinez has been scrabbling to reclaim the centrist image and assure voters that he really isn't a billiased bug-eyed zealot.
Unfortunately, he keeps acting like one.
An email sent by Martinez staffed Miami radio stations referred to federal agents involved in the alien Gonzalez cases, armed thugs.
The common and curated police unions who felt that thugs was a somewhat insulting description of sore law enforcement officers acting on direct orders of U.S. Attorney General.
Martinez hastily renounced the offending email claiming it was penned by a campaign worker, perished from your mind to notion that he would ever invoke the alien Gonzalez case to pander for Cuban votes.
Martinez' latest attack on Democrat Betty Castor is faithful to this year's core GOP election strategy, which is to monger as much fear of terrorism as possible.
A Martinez commercial slamester for failing to provide strong leadership and dealing with controversial pro-Palestinian professor Sammy Al Arian while she was president of the University of South Florida.
Al Arian, who ran a campus stink tank, was suspected of raising money for anti-Israel terrorist groups.
In 1996 Castor put the tainted professor on paid leave, but reinstated him two years later because no charges had been filed.
In fact, Al Arian wasn't indebted till 2003 long after Castor had left U.S.F., Al Arian still hasn't gone to trial.
But Martinez would have us believe that Castor as a university president should have preempted the FBI investigation and fired Al Arian even though the man hadn't been arrested for anything.
And here's the kicker. Guess who posed for a photo with Al Arian during your campaign stop in plant city?
President to be George W. Bush. It happened in 2000 for years after Castor had taken the professor out of the classroom, and six years after his corrosive use on Israel had first been publicized. There's more.
In June 2001, Al Arian and other well-known Arabs and Muslims visited the White House to shmuz with none other than Carl Rove Bush's top adviser.
How embarrassing, especially now that Al Arian has been indicted on terrorism-related charges.
Since Martinez doesn't want to embarrass the guys who took him into running for Senate, he generously omitted the stuff about Bush and Rove from the TV spots featuring Al Arian.
When questioned, Martinez acted as if it were no big deal as if the White House routinely invites future terrorism defendants to stop by for tea.
The old Mel Martinez wouldn't be slinging such rubbish, but it's too late to clean up his act. Dr. Jekyll is obviously surrendered to Mr. Hyde or at least to Mr. Rove.
Pretty good column there by Carl Hyde.
Yeah. So we're going to go stuff about three, four times a year when he's not talking about the everglades in the air.
Whatever the hell those things are. You have a demand of manatees. They're quite comical. The ads that Mel is running against her.
Are they really? Oh yeah. They're ridiculous. Don't forget just because his name ends in Z. Don't get too carried away. Okay, please.
Who do you think is the sexiest woman alive? Angelina O'Joli 87. Halle Berry 57. Halle, Halle, Halle. Britney Spears 25. She ain't too well at all.
She's old news. I think you're right. It's because of the barefoot foot and that guy. Oh, that Yahoo guy she married. Right. Jessica Simpson 19. Vita Gera 14. Karma Lecture 11. Brooke Burke.
Bambling Brooke Burke 7. Maybe on Alima 3. Jennifer Garner 3. And the kind of small potatoes there on the bottom of the list. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Count 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. WD Q a M. Hello. Neil Dodd. Yes, sir. Have you seen the new channel wink TV? Oh, I NK? No. The new channel. It's great that they just they're not part of them.
They're unbelievable. They're on direct TV and it's just a great. A 9 part is in TV channel. What a concept. I know it. They're like the PVC. And they're, you know, the only runoff of donations.
And they're always showing great stuff. I'll, you know, just push it out of control. And the whole deal is just a great channel. And everybody should turn to it. Okay. It's got L.I.NK link TV. And it's just unbelievable. Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Well, you're Neil. See you. Speaking of the BBC.
Andrew Simmons, BBC news. Equatorial. What did you, what were you saying?
The prizes one of Britain's most celebrated art awards, but also perhaps the most controversial. Why do they speak like that? What is this?
I guess the constipation factor. You know, that factor is in right. Gidey. Why do they do that? Now, you don't say Guinea again for Christ. I mean for crying out loud.
I put the whole real Guinea. You're going to have joy. All over your ass pretty soon. If you don't watch them. And she might actually enjoy it.
I would say to pick Trevor. It's about good. Probably just as well from what I'm hearing. It's 11 past noon. The mad dog at two. The Humper at four. You got the big O.
Seven who's already now with Gildi for that. Well, everybody's watching TV or in bed or doing it with somebody doing something night.
But what had been going with the with the car with the Rams coming up now. This is the same Rams that pounded that made that great comeback against the Edel to a week and a week and a go.
Yeah. And the same Rams that beat up on Tampa Bay on the hapless Buck and ears last night. I think somebody said that's going to be ugly on Sunday.
Somebody did. Yeah, said that. Oh, who say your kusey. So that sounds like O. N. Seven to me. O. N. Seven. Man. Oh man.
What the line is that they won't win a game. Really? I'm interested. Well, I keep thinking of myself. You know, I thought Arizona. And then that same week that I was thinking that Arizona wound up and kicked somebody's ass. I forget who it was.
And now I was thinking of myself 49ers and the 49ers when that came or lose against the Giants of the day. The jets. They lost. But they. I mean the jet. They played. That's right. They lost the game. But they gave him a good battle right to the end.
22 15 something like that. So they'll beat the dog. Oh, yeah. Piece of cake. Hey, IRS tax problems have way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a tool you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can ever really get away from those problems in your mind when you have problems with the IRS. They come back every morning when you wake up like a recurring nightmare.
C. P. H. E. B. Buckwald and the B. W. tax firm will help end your I. S. problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top C. P. A. law firms refer their clients to the B. W. tax firm when they have IRS problems.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien. Wage levy. O. Payroll taxes and penalties.
Why settle for thousands less than you owe maybe need more time to pay whatever it is. The buck wall tax firm can help you out. They offer you a free initial consultation with absolutely no obligation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And best of all you never have to meet with the IRS at all because the buck wall tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions. You don't even have to go. Call 9 5 4 5 7 5 2 800. That's 9 5 4 5 7 5 2 800.
Whether you owe 10,000 or a million in IRS taxes the buck wall tax firm can help you out. Call them today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at IRS freedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS come not going at that front door. Here's that number again 9 5 4 5 7 5 2 800.
You are listening to Neil Rogers. Exclusive.
I will be in the room.
A.M.
Neil.
Yeah.
And so, thousand and nine.
I won't fill my monologue for that space. I mean, you gotta look ahead a little bit. Kevin will be gone too.
I mean, think about it. He's gonna be replaced by triumph and so comic dog. And ask me if I say Conan's just as good.
Yeah, right. Well, you know I'm a liar.
And I hate to be a biker postman. Let's face it. This show might fuck when I retire.
Late at night.
Oh, for a face it you won't be tuning me in. No. Is that a fact if you think about it.
You'll have to go that vague as to see my junk in the chin.
Oh yeah, poor John Melendez. Yeah, well, let's face it. He's gonna get fired.
Guess who the countdown in about five years. That's me, Jay Leno. I'm a tire.
Oh, yes, it's higher. You know, I get to spend more time with my car. Hey, how's this for a segment?
Jay walking away. She'll link about that. I guess we'll be up the corner to kick ass a spot at that point.
Oh, no, maybe tonight is on double dates with Johnny Christen and his current wife.
What is the number like 23?
So in other words, he's got five years. Let's say something funny. You think it's gonna happen? No.
Let me know if it happens because I don't watch. I'll send your wire. Okay, 12 18 at 560 WK.
I want you to write something down. You remember that calendar that we have there?
820. What was the day yesterday? 18th?
Monday, October 18th. 821 AM.
What?
Region for the calendar. No, seriously, the great moment of clarity.
That was like the dividing line, the moment of clarity in my life. 821 AM yesterday morning.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Elemer says, please add Sophia Vergara and Rosalind Sanchez.
You're pulling it my every time. Okay, I'll never can't say that because Joyce, look at that set.
Gabriel Union says somebody who was that? Is she part of that mother and child reunion?
Gabriel Union says you should answer the phone when I call.
Being that I account for 50% of your African American must-know on its love your show sincerely.
Mr. Dennis, well, thank you, Mr. Dennis.
Here's a bad story from Dear Field Beach. Bad news, dear Field Beach.
High school student was stabbed in the neck with a screwdriver while arguing with another 15-year-old in class NBC6 reported on its new broadcast today just only moments ago.
How come we have that so fast? I wonder, you know? Amazing.
I'll tell you one thing, the Sun Sentinel website, they do a good job. The Harold website blows. It just is garbage.
It sucks. But the Sun Sentinel, for example, yesterday, the voting irregularities.
Remember I talked about that and how did I have it? How else could I have it?
Because it was on the Sun Sentinel website. Certainly that great QA and news staff that we have.
They weren't quite on top of things, you know, the way they might have been.
The wounded 15-year-old at Dear Field Beach High was taken to Broward General Medical Center for Lauderdale for treatment.
No other injuries reported. The voice suspected in the stabbing was in custody of the school.
Officials said, a Phillips headscore. I hate that one news that Phillips said.
A Phillips headscrewed arbor was also taken to evidence. The incident occurred around 1130 this morning in a classroom that both 9th graders attended.
It was not to be known what sparked the argument that leaded to the stabbing.
Probably somebody was pissed off and fired up when you think. I would think. Some kind of a countertoms.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Let's not only have names for the poll today, but let's find out if we have anybody out there already voted early yesterday and today.
Several times. WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got one that'll sort of speak. Shoot up your poll and take that big, chopped lip angel, the Jolie off the top.
Soma Hayek.
Soma Hayek.
Yeah.
Okay, you got them on.
Hey, one more thing.
Yes.
Don't forget, dear Phil Nide, I got a great football team.
Oh, that's bad now.
I think that's a racial thing.
I could be wrong, but I'm thinking it's a racial thing.
Aren't you thinking, oh, I don't know anything about them.
I don't know anything about dead. I don't know. High school football is like in my past, you know.
A little bit in my past. The candidate, well, what's that was the name of my high school of the redskins, I believe.
I got all the football games. You want to know why?
Because my boss is right next door to the football field.
Yeah, I was up for the girls by the time.
And also like the white huts. No comments. Yeah.
Can you add Serena Williams? Sure.
And Ebony Air is porn star. Very sexy for the pool.
PS Carriano forces Vernon. Excellent choice all the way around.
Vernon got all those Ebony airs. Yeah.
On the side of large boobs.
A-I-R-E-S. I want to make sure he gets these right.
I'm heading to Eris. Eddies.
What has that pronounced? Someone will have to tell you.
Because it looks like maybe it's like an Ascento on the E.
I'm not really sure you'd better like to maybe just spill something on there.
5670560.560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. WQA Am. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I want to speak to you.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, man. Call. I think you guys are doing that.
That's how I'm as cold as it gets.
How you doing, buddy? Excellent.
How are you liking this, Lamy?
All the crushes going on down here.
Great. Nothing like it.
May reason why I'm calling. I'm almost about to get a divorce because I'm willing to vote for Carriano.
White, gold, and bush.
Oh, my God. That's great.
I'm trying to make up.
I mean, it's probably where we have I've thought for about a week and a half now.
Good.
Because he's got bush bitch and I'm not.
Well, let me give you a little piece of advice.
Okay. Listen, very carefully.
I dunk the bitch right now.
Here you go. 5670560.
How's he doing over there?
Here he's doing pretty good.
Joe Rose over done ESPN the ticket 790 from 9 to 11 a.m.
Haven't heard anything.
See we have no fear.
We don't mind promoting the other show.
Plus Joe's a good guy.
We like him a lot. And he, you know, he's like that long.
Wisdom people. He got hoes this.
Not just once, but no.
He may hold the record.
Although I think the Humper he's right in the running there too.
You know, I think the operas got the record for suspensions.
But Joe's got the record for hose jobs at QAM.
5670560.
Pound 560 on a singular and Verizon wireless loin.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, like that.
Speaking.
How are you?
Pretty good. How are you doing, Pali?
Good. New. I need your help.
Yeah. I have.
I have one of my employees who does not want to vote for Bush.
Do not want to vote for Kerry. He wants to vote for Nader.
He's going to change his mind.
Yeah. Feed him up a little bit, okay?
I can change his mind.
Oh, boy.
It's been amazing that I have all the answers to all the questions and all the problems.
Sick, sick our website on him, okay?
Sit him down there and force him to read all the bedtime stories on our website every single day.
That might do it.
Here's some good news for you.
Things are looking up today.
You know, I don't know what it is.
I feel I had this little cold coming on with all of a sudden since this morning.
Things seem to be looking in a very positive, right?
You know what I mean?
No. What do you mean?
Don't you feel that way? Things are looking up.
Maybe it's that New New York Times poll.
It shows that even.
Yeah.
It's the fact that all these Kerry people are out there voting in gigantic numbers all over the state.
And all over the country and states where they have the early voting.
Molly sends to the pool. How's Molly doing?
And here's one also at the bottom of this fact.
It says, F George Bush.
Well, my goodness, not me. Maybe you'll be able to shot.
Wow.
What a disgusting thought.
But here's the good news.
The Democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand of the battle to sign up new voters in the all important swing states and AP analysis suggests.
Don't chop up the A and P. Wegmans.
You got to beat all the way around.
The AP analysis of the most up-to-date figures from across the country found that in every state where complete data is available.
The Democrats have registered more new voters than Republicans.
They have the Asian Arizona, Iowa, New Mexico, Nevada and New Hampshire.
How do you like that?
Only in Florida is the story different.
Registration tallies from more than half the county show that Republicans and Democrats are virtually tied in the race to increase their share of voters in the state that decided the election for embarrassing years ago.
In those counties, the Republicans have signed up just a few thousand more.
In other words, it's like almost even Stephen.
As for the two other big prizes among the swing states, Pennsylvania and Ohio,
Pennsylvania's numbers are too scanned to draw any conclusions that Ohio does register voters by party.
I will say this though that it's looking like Pennsylvania is going to carry rise of right now unless things change dramatically.
And even yesterday, when they were given the song of those new criminal states, the latest registration numbers could be pivotal.
In New Hampshire, a state that pushed one by just over 7,000 votes last time,
Democrats have signed up 6,800 more new voters than Republicans.
The Democratic rules rose by 3.7% compared with a scanned 0.2% of the GOP that 0.2% which represents Bill O'Reilly's radio share in South Florida.
In Iowa, Democrats have registered 42,000 more of their supporters than the GOP, a state that pushed lost by just over 4,000 votes.
In New Mexico, the Republicans increased their share of voters growing by 9%, while the Democrats grew 7.7%.
But the Democrats still added nearly 10,000 more voters. See what I'm saying?
I say it.
Nevada's wash-o and Clark counties, that's Vegas, which you can't for 85% of the state's population, reported 214,000 new voters.
The rise is more than 3 times the number that's signed up in the month before the 2000 election.
So anybody who thinks that the public isn't whipped up to a frenzy on this is dreaming.
Even people who ordinarily don't give a fly and crap like young people, they are motivated, highly motivated.
We can't afford another four years of fascism.
We can't afford the too many more. We're already over the 1100 mark in terms of dead American troops, plus thousands and thousands and thousands of injured and thousands and thousands of dead injured Iraqis.
It's the old liberation by the decamputation routine.
Plus, just the increasing terrorism and the threat of terrorism every single day, every minute of every day that goes by.
Nice job, W. He may not be good, at least he's consistent.
27 past noon at QAM.
If you look at a mirror and you see a gigantic ugly bald spot, just don't give up. Call my good buddy Charles Afiari.
Because Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous. Look, they're best for over 25 years.
And now it's not only 25, but it's about 3rd man.
And this copy is 100 years old. You wouldn't even know Charlie's work when you see it because Charles Afiari has created the best, the most natural looking system in the world.
And keep in mind, like I've been telling you for a very long time, the most critical important area of any hair system is the hairline.
And Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100% detectable because it looks like it's grown out of your scalp. That's the real thing.
Charlie's work is guaranteed. You trust system for a month for about 30 days.
About 30, man.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting more action, then you can handle return it for a full refund.
Make the call today 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the world famous Niel Rodriguez showing you your special QAM $2.00 discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hair line system.
Don't forget the secret to a great hair system is make sure nobody can tell you where in one.
And Charlie's new skin like hair system is as natural as you can get. Just like that scene in the Assalam's Alam's where he peels the skin off the guy's face.
Yeah, yeah, same kind of thing like having that face on your head.
You won't believe how great you look at it Charlie.
Take care of yourself calm toll free 1-800-321-2413 or check them on the web at Charles Alphairry.com.
toll free it's 1-800-321-2413.
You're listening to Niel Rodriguez exclusively on 5.60-7AM.
Know that the Lord even loves Niel Rogers.
She longed when or when she played her as Lens.
She plays school and love she does his scrunch.
How much she's far and so will arm up.
Well, I get this from her Russian bank with her own city law.
But she has no soul.
Surgaise ever on.
And though it seems she slept with all her dreams.
Absolutely.
Now I get this.
Thanks.
From her.
I'm in the corner of a guy.
I like the mold on the right eye.
Baby.
Jesus, think you've been the player.
I get lost.
Right.
We believe you don't we believe in the weekend.
Sure.
1234-26-1560 WDQAM.
Mark from Tamarack says add an a corner holly.
Maybe that's why I just played that.
Quintet.
She gets some votes.
They can almost take about that.
Ellen Terridge writes this from smurkingchimp.com.
One of our favorite websites.
Now who did you say called you from smurkingchimp last week?
No, some lady who posts articles on smurkingchimp.
Right.
We reposted one of her articles she called on the air.
Excellent thing.
Who are you people?
And why are you posting my stuff?
Excellent.
And why not?
It's a great website.
Anyway, they have hypocrisy of Lin Cheney.
That miserable phony bitch.
Ellen writes, I've never liked Lin Cheney.
Years ago when I would see her on television,
bashing Democrats with typical Republican propaganda,
she seemed as slimy as her husband and other politicians
who will say and do anything to get elected
or to keep their man in power.
In spite of my personal views, however,
I never felt that he'd speak up publicly against her.
Now, however, with her true like speech calling John Kerry
an evil man because in the last debate
in an awkward attempt to talk about equal rights for gays,
he mentioned her lesbian daughter.
She's given me reason to speak.
The die tried by Darth Vader's wife was a brilliant political move
because all the right wing radio and television stations
and then include CNN, the station that conservative radicals
like to call the Communist News Network
or the Clinton News Network have spent days
talking about poor Mrs. Cheney's plight.
Days that should have been spent talking about how and why
George Bush lost all three debates and is ruining the country.
In other words, the media could have been talking policies
rather than about the accusation of a crazed wife and mother
who was so desperate to spend four more years in an undisclosed location
with her husband that she cleverly took a non-issue and made it into an issue.
Instead, the media either got suckered into talking about something
that means nothing or they deliberately went along with it
because in their quest for media consolidation and mega-profits,
which will hasten the death of our democracy,
they were in on the conspiracy to re-elect the men who will help them succeed.
I don't know how Lynn Cheney sleeps at night or for that matter Laura Bush.
They're married to the most powerful men in the world
and they know full well what's going on as a result of their husband's policies.
They know that tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis have been killed
by their husbands, bombs and bullets.
They know that thousands of those civilians have been children.
They know about the nearly 1100 now it's more than 1100 Americans
that have died in Iraq as a result of their husband's quest for domination
of the Middle East.
They know about the 6,000 plus that have been grievously wounded,
most having lost one or more body parts.
They know about all the Americans who've lost jobs
and health insurance on their husbands' watch.
They know all about the increase in poverty over the past four years.
They know about the damage to the environment
that will cause millions of children here in the US
and around the world of suffering years to come.
They know this country's on the verge of bankruptcy,
even as they pad their banking accounts and those of their friends
with enormous tax cuts their husbands have given to those in their tax bracket.
They know that the children and grandchildren of the Middle Class
will spend their lives paying for that tax cut.
Yet I've never heard a speech either by Mrs. Cheney or Mrs. Bush
expressing sympathy or concern for the victims of their husbands' policies.
No, regardless of what the conservative commentators would like us to believe,
it wasn't Mrs. Cheney's motherly concern for her child
who was after all a grown woman openly gay and a seasoned political operative herself
that prompted Mrs. Cheney's operas.
Mrs. Cheney spoke up because she's a cold, calculating politician
who wants to stay in power with her husband and she saw that her husband's boss
had blown it once again on national television.
If Mrs. Cheney had one motherly boned her body,
she couldn't stand to look across the breakfast table at her husband,
a man whose policies have been so disastrous that she children around the world.
If Mrs. Cheney really wanted to show her motherly concern,
she would speak about the real victim as of the Bush Cheney administration
that children left behind by this administration's failure to fund the education mandates
that children killed and injured in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The American children whose parents will never come home from Iraq,
the children who cannot breathe the air or drink the water
or eat the mercury-laden fish in this country
because of the Bush administration's attack on the environment.
Instead, Lin Cheney distracts us from the president's disastrous third debate performance
by tearfully and angrily announcing John Kerry for daring to speak her daughter's name.
This is so typical of what Republicans do.
They protect their own while everyone else can simply go to hell.
They give themselves tax breaks. They make themselves richer,
leaving everyone else with declining income.
They have bunkers to protect themselves while they make it impossible
for others even to have adequate children.
Under the Bush administration, New York Times reports today,
HUD is working to reduce housing subsidies for the elderly poor and poor families with children.
They send their kids to private schools and do what they can to undermine the public education system.
They get deferments or sweet deals for themselves during wartime,
while they send children of others to fight and die in their immoral wars.
The president's mother, Barbara Bush, famous for attacking anyone who speaks ill of her kin,
said on March 18, 2003 on ABC's Good Morning America,
why should we hear about body bags and deaths?
Oh, I mean, it's not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that?
Lin Cheney probably gets along very well with Barbara Bush.
They're all spoken remarks as well as theirs.
There was one girl at U of M when they had the first debate and they had her on the next day
and she says, oh, I thought Bush made a doddering fool of himself,
but I'm still voting for him because I thought Carrie was worse.
Man, every single issue people are done in this business of being strong on fighting education.
Guess what? The environment, tax cuts for the rich, foreign policy,
the way America's viewed around the world, all of these things.
I mean, you pick the issue, the environment.
But oh, we like him because he's a regular guy.
He's like, he's like, as he's stupid, you know?
And that's why when you look at the electoral college map and you see all those red states, you know?
How many times have I talked about that?
Bop third, man.
Yeah.
And I don't think that most of the people listening to me fall into that same category,
there's Mugwomson in Alabama and Mississippi and Georgia and Texas and Oklahoma,
Louisiana, North Dakota, South Dakota.
Then just take a look at that map.
It's really scary.
Basically, the United States is not the United States.
It's two different countries.
Right, the divided states.
There's no question about the divided states of America, the red states and the blue states.
The blue states, mostly around the edges, all those liberal Kami pinkos in New York and New England,
then on the west coast in California and Oregon and Washington and way out there in the middle of Pacific and Hawaii.
All you Kami pinko liberals.
And then of course the right wing in Bregray, Yahoo's.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was calling on the guards to get his daughter.
Yes.
If anyone watched the vice presidential debate,
right, and so the Edward brought that up and he thanked him for the kind words.
Yeah.
Which was definitely a poke by Edward's, but there was nothing made up.
So I just wanted to, I didn't know if you had spoke about that.
Oh, sure.
I mentioned that a couple of times about the inconsistency.
And there's a TV spot that the Democrats are running now showing that,
where he thanked Senator Edwards for the kind words about he appreciates the comments about him and his family.
And then he had nothing more to say to the question because he didn't want to touch that whole gay issue
and gay marriage thing with a 10-foot pole.
But then it was okay, I guess, but once Kerry said it, then there was a little bit too much.
It was over the line.
Exactly.
Too many people watching the presidential not enough watch the vice president.
Yeah, that must have been it.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
Have a great day.
Vote early and often, baby.
Early and often, at least 20, maybe even.
But third, man.
Time.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
It's politically up on 560-60-QAM.
The county far redone.
This boy is part of South South.
There's coming far redone.
Make sure that George is one.
Have a home over.
This race is home over.
Are you sure?
Judge Hill Connor is aware that George is proud
of the suit and line to the top.
He's a double pinny while.
Where is Thomas' elbow top?
Don't follow devil's up and all we see now.
Game on George to be proud.
No counter-run, whoa.
Where is Haybert Tom today?
Jesus, oh, oh, hill road of worlds on day.
Stop the county far redone.
This boy is part of South South.
The county far redone.
Make sure that George is one.
Have a home over.
1-1 at 560-W-QAM.
That was kind of loud, wasn't it?
It was all right.
Wake up the neighbors.
At any rate, to answer that guy to call before
anybody else who's got a friend or relative,
a deadbeat on the street corner that they want to convince
to vote for John Kerry, just go out there and rent or buy
a copy of Furnite 9-11 and tie them to a chair and put
toothpicks in their eyelids and force them to watch it.
Within a couple of hours, unless they're totally dense,
unless they've got nothing to roll in around between their ears,
they'll be converted.
They'll be racing out there to vote a few times.
Right?
You can make a deal with them.
I'll watch one of your fascist movies and you watch this one.
Yeah, you know, we'll see.
And number two, something that they're starting to bring up
over the last couple of days.
That is that because Bush has this huge lead in those
mugwomestates, I was talking about, like Texas and Oklahoma
and Louisiana and a lot of those states.
As a result, there's a distinct possibility that we may have
a replay of one part of 2000 all over again.
That is that the candidate who wins the popular vote
doesn't win the electoral vote.
Wouldn't that be a shame, huh?
Not again.
Payback is a bitch, isn't it?
A distinct possibility.
I just mentioned it in passing.
So when you see these national polls like this new galaxy
and then 49 to 45% nationwide for Bush,
keep in mind, first of all, the warped Gallup factor number one.
And number two, that includes all the mugwomestates as well.
And I disagree with the electoral colleges
and the acronyms, misreadiculous, but nevertheless,
that's the way we do it.
Gourmet by a half a million votes in 2000.
Although he still wimped out there.
That's seen from Firmight 9-11.
That's where the concrete black pocket is.
That tragic is in the word for it.
Wimp, Wimp doesn't cut it.
About all the other ones.
Spinalist.
Got list.
Right.
Kerry Edwards, Kennedy, all of them.
Tragic.
Of course, maybe somebody made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
Yeah, I wonder.
WMQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Neil, if you're up to watch the CBS news last night towards the end.
Now, watch the first 20 minutes of it, and then I switch to over, I think.
Okay, will he add what's the end?
They did an article on what the Republicans are trying to do for this year.
Amen.
Okay, go for it, pal.
Get out there today and do it.
Early voting, it's underway right now.
Is that John Kerry?
How but on that plane, it is.
Conventional wisdom is you win two of those three states
and you win the presidency.
Here in Wilkesbury, Senator Kerry will be.
I think he's talking about Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida.
I could be wrong, but I would assume that's what he's talking about, right?
I said last state polar Ohio showed Kerry about four or five points ahead.
There he's ahead in Pennsylvania.
Florida, the last poll showed Bush for points ahead, which is all the more
reason that people listen to the show and people are like a little bit enlightened.
People that don't watch Fox, Nazi news ought to be getting out there and voting like crazy.
Drag some folks, find some dark folks on this recorder, drag them in here, make them vote a few times too.
Not to mention some old Jews.
WBQAM, hello.
Hey, what's up, guys?
Yes, sir.
You know, it's kind of like a little weakness I'm seeing here.
It's like John Kerry first states, I'm backing the president with this war.
And then the wrong war, the wrong time, I think it's more like weaker, America, John Kerry, vote Bush, man.
Yeah, get back kind of banana vote, okay, sweetheart?
We'll have to keep the throw you a couple of extras.
No extra charge.
That was pretty brilliant.
That was one of your people.
Sorry.
One of your crowd, one of your brainwashed masses, even Miguel Escobar is voting for John Kerry.
How do you like that?
Yes.
Even the brainwashed Cuba obsessed with Miguel and our staff and our promotion staff is voting for Kerry.
And I heard ten or twelve times what I'm hearing.
How was attacking the wrong country, keeping America safer?
Sorry, are you starting off that crap again?
I mean, when he started out the first thing, and Kerry's position on the war has been untenable.
It's been very weak, very, very lame.
And even some of the things that he says now, I mean, I watch it as objectively as I possibly can.
And even some of the things that he says now are unacceptable because he's got that thing around his neck.
That's why Howard Dean to me would have been a better candidate.
Dean at this point, I don't care how many times it showed the scream.
Dean would have had by twenty points right now, he's saying, because he was against the war from the beginning.
He's the one that had the balls to out Tom Ridge and his whole thing with these red alerts and yellow alerts and purple alerts and pink alerts and all that pink.
BAAAMING!
Oh, by the way, do you know that Lin Cheney's got a gay daughter?
But anyway, how dare you bring that up?
A screamer's lying in here.
Oh, that's how our dean were talking about. He's the screamer.
I love Howard Dean.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota.
And New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington and you see it and take back the White House.
Yeah, but I guess he was a little bit too much on the outside.
You know, they're always talking about, well, we don't want any of these Washington insiders in it.
Right.
Like, what do they do?
Come to QA, hello.
QA, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon.
I would like to add something to your poll.
Okay.
Charlize their own.
Charlize their own.
How do we leave her off of it? That's criminal.
Hey, and also a one quick thing.
Anybody who doesn't realize what 9-11 is all about, a Fahrenheit 9-11, get it rented.
My dad was an animate Republican and I had, I forced that in that movie.
I made him watch it twice.
Right.
I like the doors. I said, you've got to watch this movie.
And halfway between the movie, he just had to change his heart.
He said, oh, I'm sorry.
He had a revelation.
All right, go carry it.
Nice job, pal.
Very good work.
That's what a lot of you people need to do.
Go out there and rent by your steal a copy of Fahrenheit 9-11, get the DVD and the BVDs
and just lock him in the room and force him to watch it from beginning to end.
Pretty sad.
And the whole thing, I love these spots that we're running on our station now about the Bush family
and the Saudis.
Those are great.
Of course, a lot of, you know, those people in the red states and a lot of others listening
to us right now, they couldn't find Saudi Arabia on a map of the world with both of their hands
in one of each of ours, which is pretty weak.
Maureen Dowd, I love Maureen.
This column was a couple of days ago, but I never got to read it.
It was on our website.
The good stuff's on our website, okay?
I'm not going to sit here and spend all four hours reading like some kind of a school teacher,
like reading to a bunch of little school kids, my pet goat stuff like that.
So there are a lot of other stories that we never get to that are on the new Rogers.com.
They really ought to get to it also.
So print out some of those stories in hand about the people that are like a sitting on the fence
undecided or too stupid to get the truth, understand what's going on.
Maureen Dowd writes, vote and be damned.
First, Dick Cheney said that supporting John Kerry could lead another terrorist attack.
Then Dennis Hasdard said Al Qaeda would be more successful under a Kerry presidency than under Bush.
Now the Catholic bishops have up the ante indicating that voting for a candidate with Mr. Kerry's policies
could lead to a journal damn nation.
Conservative bishops and conservative Republicans are working hard to spread the gospel
that anyone who supports the Catholic candidate in one time Boston Altar Boy,
who carries a rosary in a Bible with him on the trail, is assigned a line with the forces of evil.
In an interview with the Times David Kirk Patrick, Archbishop Charles Chapbot of Denver said,
no, a no-ing vote for a candidate like Mr. Kerry, who supports abortion rights or embryonic stem cell research,
would be a sin that would have to be confessed before receiving communion.
If you vote this way, are you cooperating in the evil the Archbishop asked?
No, if you are cooperating in evil should you vote a confession? The answer is yes.
As Mr. Kirk Patrick and Laurie Goodstein wrote, Catholics make up about a quarter of the electorate,
many concentrated in the swing states.
These bishops and like-mind Catholic groups are organizing voter registration and blanketing churches with voter guides
that often ignore traditional Catholic concerns about the death penalty and war,
that propane oppose the invasion of Iraq, while calling abortion gay marriage in the stem cell debate non-negotiable.
Never before have so many bishops so explicitly warned Catholics so close to an election that the voter certain way was to commit a sin the Times article said?
Once upon a time, with Al Smith and John Kennedy, the church was proud to see Catholics run for president.
The church was an untrusive force in 1960, trying to help JFK as it is obtrusive now trying to hurt JFK the second.
The conservative bishops, salivating to overturn Roe v Wade, prefer an evangelical anti-abortion president to one of their own who said in Wednesday's debate,
what is an article of faith for me is not something I can legislate on somebody who doesn't share that article of faith, I believe that choices between a woman, God, and her doctor.
Like Mr. Bush, these patriarchal bishops want to turn back the clock to the fifties, they don't want separate of church and state except in Iraq.
Some of the bishops, the shepherds of a church whose hierarchy bungled the molestation and rape of somebody young boys by tolerating it, covering it up, enabling it excusing it and paying hush money, are still debating whether John Kerry should be allowed to receive communion.
These bishops are embryo centric, they're not as concerned with the 1080 kids killed in a war that the Bush administration launched with lies or about the lives that could be lost thanks to the presence letting the assault weapons, bans, laps, or all about the lives that could be saved and improved with stem cell research.
Mr. Bush derives his immutability from his faith. I believe that God wants everybody to be free, he said in the last debate, adding that this was part of my foreign policy.
In today's Times Magazine, Ron Susskind writes this article we had on our website, I guess it was on here yesterday.
In the Times Magazine, Ron Susskind writes that Mr. Bush has created a faith-based presidency that has driven the Republican Party.
Bruce Bartlett, a domestic policy adviser, Ron, were going to make a Treasury official for the first President Bush.
Till Mr. Susskind, that some people now look at Mr. Bush and see this instinct he's always talking about, is the sort of weird messianic idea of what he thinks God has told him to do.
He continued, this is why George W. Bush is so clear right about Al-Qaeda and the Islamic fundamentalist enemy he believes he has to kill him all.
They can't be persuaded that they're extremely driven by a dark vision, he understands them because he's just like them.
The President's certitude, the idea that he can see into people's souls and that God tells him what is right, then W tells us if he feels like it is disturbing.
It equates disagreeing with him, to disagreeing with him with a big H. God.
The conservative bishops certitude, the idea that you can't be a good Catholic if you diverge from a certain church to plead mandates, or if you want to keep your religion in politics separate, is also disturbing.
America is a Washington selective piety, situational moralist, and cherry-picking absolutists, says Maureen, the queen.
We love Maureen, yes, go girl.
12 minutes after 1 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A. right now I'd like to tell you about our friends over at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach.
With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to buy his own home, not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get, and they were closely with him to determine which one was best and then they made it happen.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach. You can call them toll-free at 1-800-734-6616 and tell them what you're looking for.
Whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30-year fixed rate, or one of the many low-rate adjustable mortgages, Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach has exactly what you need.
They offer payments as low as $332 for every 100,000 you borrow folks. Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach can make it happen for you too.
Not only will they make it happen, they'll even send you on a cruise.
That's correct. After closing your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different Seven Eyed Cruises, Compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
Call them now at 1-800-734-6616. Whether you want to purchase a new home, an investment property, or just refinance your current mortgage, these are the folks who want to call 1-800-734-6616, or on the web at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.com.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where they'll treat you just like family. Call them until free at 1-800-734-6616.
Your earnings and new rushers are correct.
The day of the war, that's what my radar gun is for. Stop in the name of the war. Don't speak one final door, I'll pull you over. I'll pull you over.
We're aware of all the violent crimes. That's why we look for trees to hide behind. And wave our little radar guns at you. Do harass you for whatever we choose. Unless, of course, you're a member of our...
We have our orders to ignore the old ones. We'll pull you over. I'm much conditioned to use for all you owe. And write a little business to. Stop in the name of the war. That means so recklessly it's for us.
I think so is what the speed lane is for. But if you're younger than nine before I'll pull you over. I'll pull you over.
What we haven't played in a long time, I just discovered that right side by East, that stopped the vote. Count whatever that was. It was worth it.
118, I just got a great email from justvote.org. Good information here for some of you people that are confused and wondering how to hell and where to hell and what it's going to be all about voting.
It says, make sure nothing prevents you from voting vote by mail. It's the single best way to make sure that your vote is counted and delivered your vote for maximum impact. There you go.
One of the most powerful things you can do to affect this election is vote by mail at justvote.org.
An election where a handful of votes can make all the difference voting by mail is the single best way to make sure your vote is counted. All you need to do is request an absentee ballot when it comes in a mail. Fill it out and send it right back.
To access your ballot right now, it's just waiting to import and leave anything to chance. Simply go to justvote.org and click on vote by mail. Be sure to sign and date the forum before you mail it in.
Then watch for your absentee ballot. We should arrive in the mail surely. If it doesn't, don't worry. You can still vote the usual way on November 2nd. That's a great idea. Justvote.org. Got it? Got it. I'm saving that baby too.
56670560.560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. WDQA and hello. Hey, George and now. Yes, sir. Yeah, sure, guys. I just got both my absentee ballots in the mail today. I want to sit on both out. All right.
I'm going both twice. Can't wait to hear this time. Don't forget. Make some copies to send those in just to be just to be sure. Right? Right on. Let's get that copy machine.
Go down there to what kinkos or something. Go to some kinky place. You probably run into bill. I want to hear at the station. Just walk on it. Yeah, there you go. Just use the one at QM for free. Well, WQA and hello. Q.A.N. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I have a new speaking. Okay. Is Neil? Yes, I am. I want to come out on the air though. I beg your pardon. Oh, Ron, here you got to delay. Forget about that radio, man. This is your moment of sunshine. Okay, dude. I just know what I think that I'm very nice. 9.9.11.
Yeah, I'm still going to book a book. So I don't care if worse than anything. Yeah, okay. Why do we why do we care about that? That you're a moron? Why do we give a crap about that? Huh? Isn't that what he's telling us?
Pretty mo ro n? Absolutely. That's what it sounded like. Of course, it only took him 15 times the figure out that he was on the air because he wasn't here in the sound of his own voice. Birds of a feather, man. Like a magnet magnet. WQA. I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, buddy? All right.
Okay, there's a name you haven't put on the list yet. Yes, that would be Nikki Zee ring. Nikki's earring. Nikki. I think I understand it on the flow. Okay. And what are we going to do to get the polo player off the beta curtain?
The polo player? Yeah, the beta curtain. You have the polo player on earth. Yeah, we I'm glad you mentioned that we need to do a current up some of the stuff under some of the stuff that's just on the regular side too.
I think later on I'll email our good friend Eric and suggest a few of those things that are on it because when you go to the pole, it takes about a half an hour to scroll through some of the stuff like like the sisters, you know, the daughter.
Yeah, they find a source or whatever her name was. A lot of hang time in there. Five or I'll say hang that it's a Joyce very, very nervous when you say, hang especially say, hang. Oh, God.
I don't think they do that anymore. Do they? I mean, we got rid of the electric chair. Do we hang people anymore just a lethal injection? I don't think we I don't think anybody gets hung anymore either. No.
Certainly not me. WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, listen, I see two great coincidences within this administration. And the first coincidence is with all these bright, talented, respected people in this country, I find it such a coincidence that the only person who can be here is a person who can be here.
And that can be president is George Bush Jr. I mean, the sort of a president want to coincidence. Yeah. And the second one I want to coincident study surrounded myself with all these Neocons who were buddies with his daddy. There's another one. Yeah, the other coincidence is, okay, get this. The guy who's vice president used to be the CEO of Howard. Yeah, I mean, also used to be the secretary of defense for the Neocons. Right. I'm over it. You know, I see somebody that that's a push a point.
The first thing that goes through my head is what is wrong with them? You know, anyway, I got to go.
Okay. I echo his sentiment exactly, especially the last part there. I mean, it just it leaves you weak at the knees. Like what what do we need to tell you? How many facts need? How many more debates does Carrie have to crush this man?
Carrie's got plenty of his own faults believe me as far from perfect. But that's the choice you got him. Forget about the native. Anybody out there that's going to vote for a native. Let me say it again. We don't want to threaten you. We'll be shot in the kneecap. Okay. When you come out of the pooling place.
There'll be a little short guy. Huh? Yeah. Me with an assault weapon. As a matter of fact, it'll be George.
I just bought one since the band was with the good choice. So just cover yourselves according to okay. All you idiots are want to throw your vote away on the other.
Now the good news is that in most of the polls nationally, he's like drawn one to two percent, which I think last time it was like, I don't know what it was, maybe about close to three percent.
But in states like Florida, Oregon, although I think Carrie's got that like that pretty well, but there are no hands here. There are several states where he again could be the difference. He could be the trigger in the wood pile. So who the hell is he kidding with that ego?
But if he had any decency whatsoever, any common sense, any concern about the economy, the environment, all these things that he claims to care about so much, he would wrap out right now. It's a removed by name from the ballot.
The good news, Pennsylvania, he and I'm about to think he's in a state season. I think about 30 states, WQ AM. Hello. Q AM. Yeah, hi. I voted for Korean WKG. Oh, God. Oh, boy.
Like I said, yeah, my, my, my, yeah, you could come back in 75 years. And the same voices, the same trolls, the same old holes, they still be there. Look out now. Yeah, look out now. Don't run into that poll, Mike. Oh, play 26 after one at 560 WQM with all the hurricane mess we had in September. Armstrong for the homestead is left in the situation now where they got to clear out all remaining old for to make room for the old fives.
You'll save like never before on all remaining old for is in stock ready for immediate if not sooner delivery to some ranger, tundra, F-150 pickups, explorers and expeditions, crown fixed toruses, focuses and mustangs. Every old for on the lot of Armstrong for the homestead has been drastically reduced and you're going to save thousands of dollars.
Plus Armstrong for it offers more value with loyal customers when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's absolutely correct tires and batteries for life. The value you get at Armstrong for doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you've been wanting a new car but you've been putting it off wait no longer David Rich in the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget Armstrong for the homestead is locally owned and operated. They'll treat you just like family. You won't get a better deal anywhere in South Florida. There's no bait and switch, no phony deals just unbeatable prices all the way around.
Armstrong for the homestead 307 25 South Fixie Highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 check them on the web at Armstrong cars dot com and then drive a little and save a ton of that new Ford only from our friends at Armstrong for the homestead.
Then tune in to ESPN game and he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up. Oh yeah ESPN game.
Let's pack that guy around. Go cowboy bears, bikers, packers, you'll get them all on ESPN game. He's going to fire into his guy right here. He'll the sweat.
You push your push your porch smell the passion just wrote him backwards. This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPN game.
And then everyone's kind of flopping around down there and grunting is grown and you know you get much stuff flying and game battles and scrum blackfires.
ESPN game where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that one came from.
Sundays will never be the same. I look like it. The last shot out of the Roman candle call your cable operator now and demand ESPN game.
Look at that big old boy. What a meal. Those guys are having good ESPN game. Now that's a mouthful.
131 at 560. Did you know the Chinese have a gay daughter, Mary? Oh my God. How can you bring it up? Well, because I'm an insensitive bastard.
Oh, I almost said. Wow. Wow. Wow.
Oh boy. He's all right.
Joy's. Anyway, here's the poor single digits.
Fast from Jim in Pemberpines who says I think people misunderstood George W when he started the no child left behind idea.
I think he meant no oil left behind and thanks again, Mr. President for those low gas prices.
It says go carry and please play that ESPN game. But that was a little bit. We want to play that because Joyce will get upset.
Are we just it?
You know what I didn't even mention today because everything is going so peachy and keen in Iraq.
Was that a couple hours ago they had it on there and then of course we didn't see anything more about it because it would be bad for the administration.
Another attack on Iraqi National Guard headquarters kills four and wounds 80 plus interact today.
But today as people know there were no smart. The story.
It took the stand, but his damaging testimony from an audio tape interview was used.
British authorities are charging radical Muslim cleric of what is she doing on the outside?
That has to be foul footage right? She's not on the outside. No.
Why do they keep doing that? Why not? Don't they rely on there? Some people with their schmatz is there and they're doveting.
That's right. Those are Muslims. Well, whatever. Same. Same crap.
Wait till you hear this. I don't want to get anybody nervous out there.
I was scared about that draft talk again. But US has contingency plans for a draft of medical workers.
The selective service has been updating its contingency plans for a draft of doctors, nurses, other healthcare workers in case of an actual emergency that overwhelms the military's medical core.
Keep in mind again the great job we're doing with that flu vaccine.
In a confidential report this summer, a contractor hired by the agency described how such a draft might work, how to secure compliance, and how to mold public opinion and communicate with healthcare professionals whose lives could be disrupted.
On the one hand, the report said the selective service system should establish contacts in advance with medical societies, hospitals, schools of medicine and nursing, manage care organizations, rural healthcare providers, and the editors of medical journals and trade publications.
On the other hand, it said such contacts must be limited low key in the screen because overtures from selective service to the medical community will be seen as precursors to a draft and that could alarm the public.
Oh my God. In the election, the other reports said very few ideas or activities are viewed without some degree of cynicism.
President Bush is flatly declared that there being no draft but Senator John Kerry suggested and rightfully so this is a possibility if Mr. Bush is reelected.
And of course if the deal comes get their way, I'm right. I did my part for a lead for votes. Beauty. You said you said something. I think it was right around the time.
911 first came out front. I had a first came out right before it came out. And after watching the movie a couple times and reading everything I've read in the last three years, I really do believe that what you said is absolutely correct.
911 was a business deal gone bad. I believe that. Absolutely no no doubt in my mind that these people had a business deal with these guys and something went wrong.
And I'm going to repeat what I said yesterday. I think the reason we haven't found or some have been lied to is because we don't want to.
Absolutely not. I think they'll probably take and they'll kill them whenever they find him, but they'll never going to take them alive.
I don't think they'll find him. I think the deal's been made with the Saudi world family. And I don't think you're ever going to see his ass again. You got it. So well for anybody out there, vote 10 or 20 times if you're voting for Kerry, if you're voting for the mental defect, I just stay home.
Nice job, Kelly. I did. Take a. Well, there's a guy where ahead. I think I'm counting the votes were ahead like 52 million to six is not what the count is at the moment. At least they put me in charge of the vote count because I count real good.
Yeah, I can add. I can't multiply because I'm just not, you know, I wasn't born that way. Kind of like Mary Cheney. I wasn't born that way. You know, is that what I was? Yeah, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines and I contributing to the overpopulation of the world with unwanted children. George.
Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Q a.m. George from the. Yep. I got one for the call. Okay. Beyonce.
Beyond. Oh, geez, man. We are really slipping. Sorry about that. Thanks, Pally. Beyonce. No, old man. She'd be doing it. She'd be smoking. How do we do that? Well, we've been counting on you.
I started with the same three that were the top three in the square. I figured, well, we'll leave it up to these very astute horny.
Everybody go to the post the vote for Bush. I want to kick that. All right. All right. There is the deal. We find out you're on the way to vote. If you got that Harry Elephant, they look on your face.
Voting for them. Republic. This guy's going to kick. We got a big black guy named whatever his name is going to kick your ass. Right.
Listen, they want to play dirty tricks. We can do the same thing. Yeah. We need to be like I said. I don't want to like intimidate you or anything like that.
But forget about it. Just dispense that idea of immediately if not sooner from your brain. Get rid of it.
I mean, the people that would vote for a neighbor now after four years of this living hell of this insanity or Yollava, whatever hell he's eaten.
Boy, oh boy. Nice job on that road map. And how's the quintet doing or whatever? The Sammy Davis quartet.
It's the joke. See, I hate to break the news to roll and cool and pow all and all these neon cuts. The world is not a cliche.
Okay. So even though you're catering to a lot of really stupid, idiotic, uneducated people out there, the cliche doesn't get the job done.
You can have all the freaking road maps. In fact, back in the day, you could rather near my textical station. You get all the free ones you want it. How do you like that?
20 to 2. Remember that what what was that to pull about the 60s or 70s or three road maps at the gas station that's the most?
I actually used to give service at the gas station too. And your card also.
Yeah. Potential legal problems in Pennsylvania to give overseas voters an extra two weeks to mail them back.
A bell and a minute Colorado would split the nine electoral votes and could alternate. Yeah, you thought that 2000 was queens on this list here that you just facts me.
That's they're making a joke. I understand. I understand. Oh, how about Shakira? Indeed.
And how about Ceci from Saberajuante? It says Ceci or maybe it's Ceci. Don Juan. What's his name? Don Juan de Marco. What is that guy's name?
Oh, don Francisco. Don Francisco. He's protecting afraid of a tool. He comes back to the compound till he says a few Hail Mary.
141 at 5. See, I think the Godfather just is overwhelmed my life. I'm just inundated every I mean the shower I'm thinking of scenes from the Godfather.
I'm like talking to myself. Some of the dialogue. I just can't stop. I cannot stop with a Godfather. Hazarai. You know, I just I don't know what to help to do.
That's my. I think your brain is going to stop that might be. Hey, you want to know more about following a low carb diet?
You want the best tasting largest selection of low carb foods at the very best price. Then head for a great store that we've been talking about for a long time on this show.
The lights of Westpoker, whether you're starting or restarting any low carb diet, the Actions, the Sugar Busters, South Beach, any low carb sugar free diet ever invented.
The lights of Westpokers always been and continues to be the number one low carb store in town. We know you can shop for a lot of good stuff in your grocery store.
The cheese and the meat and the seafood, all that stuff. But if you want some taste, if you want some real variety and you want to do business with people who can answer your questions about low carb dieting.
The best in customer service, then for sure, or come to the low carb headquarters, the lights of Westpoker. You'll find over 1200 products like carbolite ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and more. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb. That's with a W. L-O-W-C-A-R-B, run-webitslowcarb.com.
There's only one delight to Westpok, and incredible stories, your official Atkins retail center.
You are listening to Neil Roger X, glutively on 516.
So Roger, you love Shakira's tons and heads underneath your clothes.
All of them is your claw, that's near in my story, that's the name that's wrong.
And now you'll love her new album, Shakira sings other people's heads.
She's talking to you.
Oh, I'm boy.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
By re-recording songs that were already hits in English, only this time they're in English again.
Shakira sings other people's heads.
Shakira sings other people's heads.
Shakira sings other people's heads.
They have a ball on top of her head.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service, then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira sings other people's heads.
See, 146 at 560, well, my voice just lasted right till almost 2 o'clock today.
I better hope that I take lots of green tea and stuff, right?
Right, you know what I'm talking about.
Did I mention yesterday that the Amatia killed the Kennedys that I mentioned it?
Did I mention for people to stop sending these big long ass stories and multi-page stories yet?
Not yet.
Stop sending those big long multi-page stories.
We know what's the way some players are.
We know what the Kerry campaign, we know all about it.
Yeah, the guy from Sinclair got canned because he told it like it was.
And Sinclair being about to Nazi said, you're fired at it.
And what's the other one?
No, that's it.
Just all day long people sending multi-like six-page stories that we already have and already have.
Anyway, the fact that the Sinatra was used to intercede with San Giancana in the 1960 election,
which the old man Kenli got fixed in Illinois.
See, first they'd put the fix into getting the nomination in West Virginia.
And they used them out there to recruit the vote and to pay off people to vote.
And then they in Illinois in the presidential election, which went down to like,
was almost as close as 2000 in terms of right down to the wee hours of the morning.
And when those dead people, the both started coming in from Illinois because JFK himself was banging Judith Campbell extra,
which was San Giancana's ex-girlfriend.
He was banging anything that looked good.
At least he had good taste anyway, Kenli.
And so, Giancana intervened on Kenli's behalf to fix the election in Illinois, especially in Chicago.
And then when a candidate's got into office and he made Bobby the Attorney General,
and they turned on the mob instead of, you just know it.
Either in concert with others or by their loans, you know.
What leads me to that is authorities have found the skeletons of two mafia captains,
believed to be victims of a gangland shooting over 20 years ago, FBI officials said yesterday.
And FBI agents said the two week long evacuation,
evacuation in the Queensland has uncovered the bones of banana coppers,
Phil Lucky-Jacony, and Dominic Big Trin, Trin Chira, the Big Trin.
Agents from the FBI's Banana and Gaudi squads,
along with the New York City's Police Department's cold case squad,
have been digging through concrete and sifting through Dertzins, October 4th,
thought when you're tipped by an informant.
Also went out story about the rat pack and sonather and all that stuff.
They talked about the fact that the gay of your Hoover wasn't,
he was a too busy fighting communist, and all of a sudden,
the fact that he never acknowledged until the very end that there was a mafia,
that there was organized crime, because they were busy fixing horse races at Pemla Corp,
every time he go to the track with his boyfriend, they would fix the races for him.
And if the horse he'd been on the lost, they'd refund his money.
I'd like a deal like that.
Yeah.
Hey, Dick Feinstein, my friend at Pompo, if you listen to that,
I'd like a refund every time my horses don't win.
Giacone's remains were identified by pieces of personal property found with his bones,
including a P.I.J. watch.
What the hell's a P.I.J.?
You tell me, Rich guy.
Which, Matt, I don't wear expensive watch.
My watch cost 200 bucks, that's more than plenty.
Which, Matt's a description given by family associates,
a law enforcement official told CNN.
A third is identified, printures remains after finding his credit card,
with other pieces of his personal property with his bones.
Wow.
He made his bones with the amaphi and now they're digging up his bones.
The discoveries were made in an area that borders Brooklyn and Queens,
the U.J.F.K. International Airport.
How do you like that?
See how this all fits in together now?
Like pieces of a puzzle.
Where Alfonso Sonny read in De La Cato's body was found by children playing in 1981.
All the dead, the Mafiose all the time.
And of course we know that there's no such thing as the mom.
For sure.
560-50560, pound 560 and they've arrived in cellular wireless lines.
WBQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, is this Neil Rogers show?
Sounds like it.
Yeah.
Giacone, I talked to me.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, Neil.
Sorry.
That's OK.
Don't be sorry.
It's been ringing a while.
I want to bring out some facts about why we're in Iraq.
Yeah.
The real reason.
OK.
Iraq was no threat to us.
To us?
That's obvious now.
Iraq was a big pain to Israel because some of the weapons of mass destruction.
Sodom of St. was giving the families of the 25 grand.
25 grand.
Right.
Israel has a plan called Greater Israel, which I've heard about 560-70 years ago to
make over Iraq, Iran, and Syria and make it all Israel someday.
I'll be damned.
I didn't think it would happen.
I thought I said America will never stand for that.
Well, not only did it happen, but as the project for a new American Century show that
plan was on the economy.
There you go.
Showed that what they needed was another Pearl Harbor type event.
No, it would be hold.
We had 9-11.
You had an amazing, what a convenient coincidence it was that 9-11 happened just to enable them
to do these things that they planned like years before.
Are you familiar with Stanley Hilton?
No.
Put that in your Google search engine, everybody.
Stanley Hilton has the proof that our own government in George Bush was behind 9-11.
Wouldn't surprise me.
That's well-zipped with the help of the Israeli Musad who had their fingerprints all over it.
Great.
Zyan America, baby.
I'm a safe here in Toronto.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, who in hell knows, right?
I remember an article that I read.
In fact, it was when we were doing the seven months with no calls after we got unceremoniously
showed back to 9 o'clock in the morning.
And I came from prison planet, which is a pretty radical website to say the least.
But she had a pretty well documented all the stuff.
And she pretty much said the same thing.
I don't think we've seen her since then.
Uh, whatever the author was.
152 at 560 WQM.
You heard me talk for over 20 years now about dry concepts.
And guess what?
After all these years, the story's still the same.
Nothing's changed.
Because when it comes to having your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your oriental rug,
your expensive area, your rug's cleaned, the only name you ought to be thinking about is dry concepts.
I've been using them in my homeless rover 20 years.
You ought to be doing the same.
And don't forget, like I always tell you, your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to being a collector of germs.
So call dry concepts today.
Not only haven't dried clean your carpeting, but have them really sanitize your home.
And don't forget, no rip offs, no per-room skins on that crap.
They give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start the work.
And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half.
You really honestly can clean today and still entertain tonight.
So with all these years in town, you know that they must be doing a lot of things right?
If they're going to enough for me, they're good enough for you.
So in Dave Brown and Palm Beach, column 203, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 on a wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
That's dry concepts making carpets clean just like brand new and so our photos since 1979.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
It's exclusive.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
