A
stench of howl manure covers over this performance by the golfer I has been Secretary
When there's
I've been everywhere
I've been arenas
metal
We're gonna go to California and Texas and Santa Fe, California.
Santa Fe, California, Florida.
We're gonna go to South Dakota and Michigan.
And with Debra Blake, Federals and Kingsley.
I've been in the way, man.
I've been in the way, man.
I've been in my game, man.
I've been in every way.
And then we're gonna watch it in DC and take back the White House.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, just felt like screaming, you know, when you work for these bad kids, you feel like screaming a lot.
Anyway, good luck in 42 to 5.60 WDQM.
This is QAM, but we're not fast.
We're not slow. We're just half-assed.
Anyway, I just wanted to get that out of my system.
Man, these people are such goofballs.
Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday.
We gotta, uh, because we gotta get both breaks in, right?
I'm assuming.
That would be right.
That would be correct.
That would be...
Absolutely correct, sir.
What's the greatest problem the world faces today?
We asked yesterday, queers by now, it could be changing, you know?
All right.
But anyway, yesterday, you said, over 1900 votes.
Pretty good.
Religious fanaticism.
Oh!
Too many of our business out there.
Religious fanatic's 819.
George W. Bush speaking of religious nuts, 667.
He's gonna win, though.
I hate to break the news to you.
Overpopulation 231.
Global warming 70.
870.
In starvation.
45.
I'm dying out of here.
Over 1900 votes.
So, overpopulation.
Well, I kind of moved up there after I chanced as the audience for not to pay enough attention
to that.
But making all those unwanted babies, you may be, actually...
The more...
You know, if they say the rich get richer in the poor, have babies and that is absolutely correct.
The people who can at least afford to have them keep reproducing like frickin' rabbits,
like cockroaches, lunatics, maniacs, tell us silly men in a dress, castle hoists, okay?
Probably hasn't had a good VM in 20 years old code.
1043 at 560 W.DQM.
Happy Tuesday, too.
Right now, as I speak, Armstrong Fortohomes did once appear their lots and sell off all remaining
O4s and here just some of the great deals waiting on you right now.
An O4F150 pick-up, you may just $1 over invoice.
New O4Fs for just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vicks, Terraces, and Focuses all waiting for you at just $1 over invoice only at Armstrong Fortohomes did.
Plus, Armstrong Fortoffer is more value to you when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Fort, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you get at Armstrong Fort doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you be buying.
If you're pressed for time, if you're like trying to put your life in a house back together again after all these hurricanes, Armstrong Fort knows your time is valuable, so calm and shop by phone.
305 247 5112.
They'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging it out.
Armstrong Fortohomes did locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee you, I'll bet your clearance and death and Greg's life.
All three of you won't get a better deal on the Ford anywhere.
The An I'll even charge your course so when they're two.
No bait and switch, no fully deals.
Armstrong Fortohomes did the Retrie 0725 South Fixie Highway just to and I'll throw the beesleys in there too.
Just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com and then travel a little and save hundreds maybe thousands on that great new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
We are the Homestead Show.
We are the Rogers of Mornings and Leetic.
And, we are the Mountain Slug of Fight.
We are the...
No, Greg, ain't you?
Hello, this is Albert Tyda from Tony Van Records and fighting you American infidel to buy latest Cat Stevens collection.
You know my homie is right, but take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage, make those little things.
I was only including this classic.
I was on the airplane and suddenly this DJ, their mag is I converted and wear a towel on my head.
I don't know!
I'm in Fall of Diana 16.
What do they want with the money from the Apurchase does not go to fun terrorism, really?
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb, that's your fault.
And would you have been a flyward, you find dark skin and a rag.
If you want a detainee...
Another variation on a classic.
What are you guys?
I ask myself every day, which American should pay?
Tell me, who are you from, and slave?
I'm just kidding, everybody.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She let her veil and explore herself.
So buy new Cat Stevens collection today from 1995.
Or you can pay with these on Mastercard or weapons of Master Sylvester.
He is a Hamasla Kurecher Poit Thanat here and an anti-acidemite.
But other than that, he never stole her for a train old Cat Stevens.
He just wants to hop on that Peace Train just as long as there ain't no Jews on it.
1049, it's 11 before 11 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Another day in Paradise, baby.
Every day at QAM is like another day in Paradise.
Where's that hell?
Al Vira speaking of that as our be the curtain lady today.
Cassandra Peterson, aka Al Vira.
I would never have known her real name.
Yeah, well, we did research.
I see.
Did you know her real name before that?
I did.
Oh, one time.
Al Vira born September 17, 1949, and Manhattan, Kansas, no less.
That would make her 51-55.
Happy birthday, Al Vira suggested her in 55, few days ago.
Anyway, going through all her films is kind of pointless anyway,
because they're all the same stuff.
The demons fight is a problem now.
Scars and dares, Al Vira's haunted hills, superstition,
the fact of the killer B movies, read a wild cinema, the Al Vira show, of course.
Acting on impulse in about 85,000 other rejectal and hide together again,
movie McCobb, King of the Mountain Coast, the Coast Teaching Chongs Next movie,
The Working Girls, Roma, aka Felini Roma.
Alan Quartermain in Laudcigia Gold.
Well, that's my favorite.
And Heavy Metal Hunter, hold on, Gillians and she's still...
Felini's Roma?
That's what I just got through so long.
I had no idea.
Well, there you go.
See, let me tell you something already.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
We only have been on a couple of minutes.
After the extravaganza that precedes us, here's today's poll.
And it's another all out exciting, because it's something we've been doing for months.
And we'll do that.
I guess we'll do one more time before the election.
The election is five weeks away.
And of course, we've got some of those brilliant rocket scientists that say,
what election?
Oh, yeah.
You know, when you look at these latest polls now,
and you see that Bush is pulling further and further ahead,
that's because he's at least consistent on every issue, man.
He's a blowman.
Every thing?
Yeah.
You name it.
I mean, you got oil is over 50 bucks a barrel now, gasses through the roof.
The economy's in the crappery.
He's the first president since he brought Hoover.
They lost over a million jobs.
They lost neck jobs.
Over under his watch.
Iraq is a quagmire.
It's a nightmare, even rolling coal and power on Sunday amid a debt.
There is hopeless.
I mean, everything you look at is just a freaking nightmare.
And yet, he's coming up roses.
And that's because when you look at the polls and you break down the states,
and you look at the math, that you got the blue states,
and you got the red neck states.
That's what you got.
And America is basically a red neck country.
That's what it's become.
I'm not saying that there was anything different,
but it's a mongwomp red neck country.
So if you look at the breakdown in the west, the far west on the northeast,
the carriers way ahead.
I mean, way ahead.
All the other parts of the country, like especially the Midwest and the South,
of course, bushes way ahead.
He's 23 points ahead in the Midwest.
Now, that's kind of scary when he considered the Midwest consists also of Michigan
and Wisconsin and Minnesota and Illinois, right?
Missouri.
And then, of course, a bunch of mugwomps states.
And Ohio?
I'm not too sold on Ohio.
After one trip to Cleveland, that was enough for me.
And Lima, Ohio.
Nothing to be fired at.
They're getting out of Lima.
What a horrible place that is.
Have you ever been there?
Just been through Ohio.
Can't tell you exactly all that.
Everybody through Lima, Ohio?
Can't say that I have.
Well, don't.
Not that I remember.
Have you ever been in Spindley, Ohio?
No, I've been Cincinnati Cleveland.
Spindley, Ohio is the birthplace of Joe Mars Jr.
Who?
Anyway, the election is five weeks away.
Which applies to you.
I'm voting rock solid for Kerry.
Rock solid.
I'm voting rock solid for Bush.
Rock solid.
I'm leaning to Kerry.
I'm leaning to Bush.
I'll vote for Nader.
And believe me, if you cast a vote for Nader,
we will come to your house and we will kill you.
I'm not voting.
What?
No, we're tracing.
We got Eric on the case.
Anybody in fact, that's one of the reasons we're taking the poll.
So we can figure it out.
Those Nader holes out there.
How do you call him?
Let's see, I'll vote for Nader.
I'm not voting.
I'm not eligible to vote.
Which means either you're too young or you're like George and legal alien.
Or I don't give a shmit.
And believe me, there are plenty of those.
And you know something when it comes right down to it, I can't even say I blame those people anymore.
So it's so ponderous and tired and it's so full of crap.
All of them.
It just makes me want to barf.
Why do I carry more?
You know?
If you want four more years of this hell like Teresa Himes, ketchup Kerry said, it's four years of hell.
If you want another four years of it, you can get what you deserve.
That's all.
It's like the people that continue voting for Nader out there.
It's just a stubborn.
Nope.
Don't confuse us with the facts.
Don't tell us we're wasting our vote.
Don't tell us we're having put Bush back in there again for four more years of hell.
Or whatever the hell we want.
And you're like it.
And we'll vote for Pat Buchanan if you don't like it.
I got a lot of stuff here today.
We like to take a few calls.
What do we do this particular poll?
You don't need anything to embellish unless they're going to write in Ross Perot or something like that.
WQA and hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was just wondering if there was a program change.
Is Howard David still shows to him?
No, it is not.
Do it, do it, do it.
No, it is not.
Do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it.
That was slowly doing a voice.
He's got to do something.
Don't we miss more a lot?
Absolutely.
Yeah, it's like, it's like, you know, when you have like a really bad pain and it goes away.
And for a while, you actually miss it.
You know, and you've had a chronic pain for a long period of time.
No.
And then it just vanishes and then it's like, you miss it.
You're so used to it, you know?
No.
Or like when you have a toothache and somebody extracts it and like, oh, I see, I kind of miss that aching feeling in my jaw.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
Do you say no or more?
That's it.
No.
I thought for sure you said no.
No.
But I thought, I'm a hallmark.
No.
No.
Now we got a Christine lineup today.
And of course, as long as the equipment here stays, I don't even want to go through it on here.
The audience had any clue of how embarrassing this radio station is.
It just, they just can't get it done.
And especially George Corso, man, this guy, this clown, is an accident awaiting to happen.
You, you could screw up a wet-dream course or you're just absolute the most embarrassing, the most pathetic.
Thank God for Fat Julio who built pretty much the studio that I'm sitting in along with the Toronto engineers.
He was a good guy.
He knew his stuff.
He was a competent.
He was a fun guy.
He was friendly.
And that's why he got screwed and that's why he didn't there no more.
He wasn't part of the inner circle of misfits.
Anyway, we got the mad dog, it's you.
The Humper is back.
If you've been out of town, it's been like hiding waiting for the hurricanes to pass by.
The Humper.
Henry Bedberg is back at four after a long hiatus, a long unnecessary hiatus.
Marlins on deck at 630 to Marlins at the exposures that kind of run out the string.
They actually won a game last night in front of an announced crowd in Montreal of 3,900 and some odd.
Eight.
You see like George 3,900?
Yeah, pretty pathetic.
Which means actually there might have been like, what, five, six hundred people there, I can't.
And why should they show up?
They know they're losing their team.
They're not going anywhere.
They suck.
They're playing a team that also isn't going anywhere.
So what's the incentive?
Any camp in the important baseball game tonight?
10.56 and like I said, it's a crucial game.
I don't want to get Jeffrey Loury up.
Said it's a crucial game.
So be sure and tune in and stay glued with the night right here on.
We're not slow.
We're not fast.
We're just half fast WQAM.
And you know, right now is one of those times when many of you might need help fast.
Not half fast, but really fast.
Thankfully, Donald Matthews delivers the same day all across the world.
And that's not for the, when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll choose from the deepest and widest election of betting all available for same day delivery.
Call one eight hundred mattress right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
And like always, like I've been telling you for years, you still pick the date and to our window to fit your schedule.
And Donald Mattress shows up on time, 99.7% of the time.
That's 99.7%.
Now, the mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Forks of Excellence Award.
When you call one eight hundred mattress, you'll choose from the complete line of ceiling,
sort of cane coil, Simmons temper, paedic, and even Sterns of Venice Foster too, which everybody loves.
All the smart folks are doing it. They're making that one easy call.
I've been calling these folks for years. You ought to do the same.
Instead of wasting time and a lot of money helping pay those betting in departments through his big overhead and schlepping all over town wasting gas,
you just sit on your fat ass, rhymes with gas and make that one easy call.
One eight hundred mattress, one eight hundred MATTRES.
You ought to think that you will rush this exclusively on 5.60 AM.
Oh my God!
The sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the
sun is shining, the sun is shining, the
sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the
sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sunny days of the world
are in Paris mebirds and birds of the day will be in Paris
I am in Paris the same year with the first night
And anyway, don't be picking on the big.
Oh!
Because he can't help himself.
Speaking of the guys that can't help himself, I just noticed on our website there is something really sensational.
Where did that come from?
Was that...
Loser Weekly Magazine.
Oh, somebody emailed that to me this morning.
And making the cover of Loser Weekly, there is the man from the one-stead era.
There is Dave Wandsstead.
We figured that probably would not be showing up on either the dolphin or the QAM websites.
Man, that is just a beautiful thing.
Yeah, you're fired Dave, okay?
You're fired. You're out.
Bye-bye. Get lost. Go away.
Don't come back.
And take the two quarterbacks both with you.
Although quite frankly, from a papier fan standpoint, like I said, you're doing a hell of a job, Dave. Keep it up.
An attorney was sentenced to a year and a half in jail for ambushing dozens of women while nude and taking pictures of their shocked expressions.
Oh, my God.
But Stephen Linnon, 34, I guess this is some of his dirty Linnon, huh?
Plus, Dave and Linnon, 34, won't lose his law license and will be allowed to leave jail to continue working as a law clerk.
The story is great. And it's from Columbus, Ohio.
Oh, God. Ever since the rumors invaded, they're never going to be the same again.
He must start serving his time next week after being sentenced Monday in a plea bargain in Ohio's Franklin County Common Police Court.
He pleaded guilty earlier this month to 53 misdemeanor counts of public indecency, sexual imposition and criminal trespassing.
Linnon, a former attorney for the Ohio House Republican Caucus.
Oh, my God.
As admitted to a photographing woman while he was uncloared over the last two years, gaining the name of the naked photographer.
He apologized in court, but none of his victims was there.
Judge Tommy Thompson, no kidding the cheesehead Tommy Thompson.
And you know how we don't see him no more?
Right.
He tried to label Linnon a sexual offender saying he was not a threat to the community, was unlikely to repeat the offense.
Thompson ordered Linnon to keep seeking psychiatric treatment. Linnon said in court that he meets with a psychologist weekly and goes to daily meetings for people addicted to sex.
Prosecutors said they might appeal the judge's decision not to be glint of registered as they sexually orient a defender.
And maybe if they could truly once ordered democratic, maybe he'll change his mind to judge.
Oh, look at this. Here's a little liner today. We're out there doing something, mingling with the community, really getting involved with the South Florida community.
Look for the QM van right now at 10 tech plus at 137th Avenue in Crowley and Miami. Stop by to win T-shirts.
The ones that the QM staff have to pay for if they want to, but you might win one for free.
And registered to win a pair tickets to Sunday's Dolphins Jets game.
And you think the last two weeks have been inversing. You ain't seen nothing yet.
You think that long string of losses to the Jets that went on there for how many years?
You think that that was bad. You ain't seen nothing yet.
I think a lot of people are going to start going just so they can boo and carry on and scream and get drunk.
You know what? Yeah, well, I've seen it already.
No, but yeah, that's true.
Why would that be any different from any other Sunday or Monday night?
How is that pool coming? It really the first wave on there was a shocking.
The election is five weeks away. Which of these applies to you? We got already 143 votes.
I'm voting Brock Solid for Carrie 110. That's 77%.
That's either that our audience is loves Carrie or just hates Bush like poison. Probably more the latter.
And plus we probably taste many of those Bush people away. Too bad. Bye-bye. We'll survive without you.
They want to hear you in the minutes. They old parrot thing. They just want to hear the Fox news.
They're right when crap, the Russia pill pop up crap over and over again.
They don't know. They don't know. They want to hear lies.
And of course Karen Hughes says, oh, we don't want to get dirty now. Start using words like lies.
We want to put on something dignified like the wind surfing spot. That's pretty classy. Yeah.
What a bunch of far-bicinic glam, man. 143 votes. 110 for Carrie. I'm voting Rock Solid for Bush. Rock Solid.
9 like his head. Although for Nader 7, I'm leaning to Bush 6. I'm leaning Carrie 4.
I don't give a Schmidt 3. I'm not eligible to vote 3 and I'm not voting 1. Wow.
I think we're going to have a gigantic turnout and fool all the pollsters in the experts. You know what? This crowd anyway.
No, it's just like and see I'm saving this for a little bit later.
But last night on CBS and the S I still do watch CBS. In fact, even more enthusiastic than ever before.
Now that I know for sure that we have an alternative to Fox Fashes news and CNN, which is nothing more than Fox Light.
Record overseas vote expected there are going to be not hundreds, not thousands, not hundreds of thousands, but millions of votes overseas this year.
The largest in history. Anyone in the why? I don't want because people are pissed off and fired up. No, no. They're happy to be there.
They're happy to be there too. I'm not talking about the slower. I'm not talking about Iraq. No. Did you see the thing last night? No.
At one moment on there who's lived in Britain for quite some time for years. In fact, he's developed kind of a Brit accent herself.
And she pointed out that she's never we had any anti-American sentiment before, but now because of the fact that the whole world hates us like poison.
She's starting to get like some blowback as well. If I can say that. Oh, some brownback as well.
The Bush administration takes seat for oh look at that. We got a couple of calls. I guess we better interspersed one or two.
Because once I get going here, there won't be no stopping me today. I have got a pile man that would have one of Howard's contest last Friday. Hands down your pants.
WDQA and hello. I have got a QAM. Yes, good morning. You'll be able to just leave. Yes sir. Speaking. Sounds like Woody.
It's all pretty the mall. WDQA and hello. Yes, I'm a refer vote. Interduple. You ready to vote. Okay.
I'm subrock solid for me for.
That was great. Rock solid. You should have put the period after that. Your rock solid. All right. A brain like a brick.
I've pointed these calls it be great. This is the meat and potatoes. The bread and butter of QAM. This is what it's all about.
WDQA and hello. Yes, sir. Years ago, there was a highway patrol officer in the time of our area.
That's right. That's right. That they used to pull girls over yet their address.
And then he would get naked in the parking lot at night and he could do their house and steal that penny.
Excellent. I bet he knew Cecil Collins. Cecil just wanted to take a look. Did I just wick? Maybe pinch a little.
Right. Maybe he was like the baratine. Maybe had a candelabra. The Bush administration takes seat for a CIA trying to influence a rax election.
Now we don't want to say fix because Karen Hughes doesn't want to steal that kind of like lie and fix elections.
Of course, if anybody's got good experience fixing election. I see I'm getting a choke up from this president.
I'm under a lot of stress from these bastards down there. I'll tell you that right now. They make my life miserable.
In fact, some of you down there ought to rotten hell. I don't want to make you name names because they're very uptight.
And then Maddie Bell will be running away. You hear what he said? You said, hey, Maddie screw you.
You little, I'd love to step on his ass. In fact, you know, I'd like to do. I'd like to step in that elevator.
There's just one time with the water Nazi on one side. Maddie Bell on there. Step on both of them at the same time. Oh, God.
President Bush and interim Iraqi Prime Minister, oh, they spelled as wrong.
Ayad Allawi, this is not how you spell his name. And since the last week that Iraq would go ahead with election scheduled for January,
despite continuing violence, but US officials tell time magazine that the Bush team ran into trouble with another plan of owning those elections.
A secret finding written several months ago, proposing a covert CIA operation to aid candidates favored by Washington.
Kind of like what we did in Chile, you know, with Salvador Ayende. Don't see him no more.
A source says the idea was to help such candidates whose opponents might be receiving covert backing from other companies like Iran,
but not necessarily to go as far as to rig the elections, but not necessarily to go so far.
I was to became necessary, right? If it was absolutely necessary, well, lawmakers from both parties raised questions about the idea when it was sent to Capitol Hill,
in particular, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi came unglued when she learned about what a source described as a plan for the CIA
to put an operation in place to affect the outcome of the elections. And again, how come the media aren't screaming about this?
Huh? What happened to Valerie Plain? What the hell happened to all of these things?
We have ways. And then of course CBS gets intimidated, so they bury the thing about the yellow cake, about the Niger, all that business, all their phony,
and memos, all those documents that were nothing but a big lie to justify all the debt.
And you know something, there were two more US soldiers usually I start to show with the update with a story on that. I can't find it.
Lynn Sandals had a link on there, but Poor Lynn, she does her own a linking and stinking on that website, and then unfortunately,
as she's done many times past it clicked on it, and it links to the wrong story.
But there were two more US soldiers killed in the back yesterday, it just that nobody's talking about anymore because it's become so commonplace,
so it's about a thousand and fifty as a magic number now, and nobody cares.
Anyway, she became unglued. Pelosi had strong words with national security adviser, Condoleezza, rice in a phone call about the issue.
How do you like that? She had strong words with Condoleezza.
I'd like to have strong words with her and tell her,
You big, you struck, you wore.
That's what Nancy called her.
Rice spokesman, Sean McCormick says, I cannot name a comment on classified matters, the existence or non-existence of findings.
But McCormick says, there have been a contingency of concerns about efforts by outsiders to influence the outcome of the Iraqi elections, including money flowing in from Iran.
This raises concerns about whether there will be a level playing field for the election, in other words, they got to push on the one side so we got to push back.
They hit us, we hit him back.
This situation is post-biblical to Lemma's about what action, if any, do what should take in response.
In the final analization we've adopted a policy that will not try to influence the outcome of the upcoming Iraqi election by covertly helping individual candidates for office.
A senior US official hinted that under pressure from the Capitol Hill, the administration's scaled back its original plans.
This was a tough call, we went back and forth on it in the US government, we consulted the Hill on this question.
Our embassy in Baghdad will run a number of over-programs to support the democratic electoral process as the US does elsewhere in the world.
Right!
I got news for you, all you Iraqis, you're going to get democracy and like it, but you like it or not.
But you want it or not.
Kood oil prices top 50 bucks a barrel, that's pretty crude, you know what?
And thank you Mr. President, I'm not going to waste any time today because we always forget every day.
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices.
Kood oil futures contracts top the psychological milestone of $50 for barrel for the first time ever Tuesday,
surging to new record levels that could unsettle oil importing nations.
Amalistid instability in the Middle East, political unrest in Nigeria, Afro-Gestopoul exporter, and the Caribbean surrogans were keeping traders on edge above world supplies.
Airby issue, you look at it from unemployment to Iraq, to the world hitting us like poison, to all of these things,
to line through your teeth, to all of the dead soldiers and all of the dead Iraqis.
Airby single issue, and that's why the President's popularity ratings are up to 54% in the essence January,
because the American people are, dumber than posts.
See that story yesterday was good till it got changed his mind.
Who's trying to talk himself into it?
You don't have to talk yourself into going to Brandy's to get a rate for a shoes because by now after all these years,
and I'm talking about it for a Koonz age, you should know that the best deal in town is waiting in your Brandy's shoes and top and obese.
They got the best prices in town, the best personal service, and the biggest selection means the women's name brand shoes.
No off brands that came in from Yugoslavia somewhere, they got rock ports, floor shim,
SAS, Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the other brands you know and love.
Brandy's has opened daily Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday, 10 to 5 in the same great location they've been serving you in your feet for years now,
1290, North Federal Highway and Pompo, and Oveach.
And right now is the right time to buy rock ports this week, because at Brandy's all-grade men's and women's rock ports,
styles are 20% off the regular already low prices.
So be sure to come out of the store this week and save like crazy on rock ports or visit them on the web at BrandySews.com.
I need some action!
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Well, you know that mushroom cloud that Iraq is going to unleash on us?
Oh, it's not Iraq?
Well, they were close.
250 to 3 votes.
I want to crack a thousand during the show today by 2 o'clock.
You want to crack?
I want to crack.
Well, why not?
We ought to be able to get over a thousand votes during the show, even though, of course,
we're on much reduced time now because of the fact that who to hell wants to hear this show.
But 250 to 3 votes already.
We can do over a thousand between now and 2 o'clock, right?
Indeed.
We want everybody out there.
We want you not just voting on this poll, but like five weeks from today.
Well, that's scary.
And of course, 3rd tonight in the Gables and Moral Gables is the first of the debates.
Wow.
I don't know what to make about that, yeah?
I don't know.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
You heard all the way.
Or he sent on your call yesterday or whatever he said.
I think he was the one, right?
Go away.
I don't want to talk about the dolphins.
We got important fish to fry.
Okay. Like them.
It's a fish fry.
Let's fry Dave Wands' steps to start.
That sounds like a good idea.
Fried Grupper.
Okay.
Looks like quite a trooper.
Now he's Dave Wands' day.
Looks like one of those with a handle bar mustache.
Kind of thing.
If you let it grow a little bit.
He's a loser.
You're a loser Wands' set.
I knew that before you came in the town.
We knew that in Chicago.
You're a professional loser.
You're having got a clue.
My favorite though is the way he gets all flustered and walks up and down the side.
I would go like, oh, it's me.
We got screwed again.
And then of course when the kid kicked the ball back in on 10 yards, remember that?
Nope.
Josh remembers that when a kid kicked it accidentally,
ran into the ball, kicked it back from midfield, back to his own 40 yard line.
Yeah.
Oh, you're putting it at the 40.
Oh, see?
We screwed up again.
It was great.
It was great.
I just had to know with how it happened.
We did that again.
Oh, God, it was so bad.
We are sorry.
Yeah, it's your right, Davey Suck.
Group of Houston's US have been posing Book Band.
Oh, my God.
How unusual.
I mean, new people out there that love to embrace fascism, baby.
Religious fanaticism and fascism.
Well, then Bush is right up your alley.
Okay, and all his kneeocons.
Ted Kennedy was on the cross and up cross far.
What is it?
Cross-eyed.
Yeah, cross-eyed last night.
No one.
Chris, Samantha, who's what's that show?
Heart balls.
Heart balls.
Yeah.
He was on heart balls.
He kicks in good ass.
He was a nice guy on Ted.
Have another one.
A group of organizations representing publishers and authors
sued the federal government Monday, saying it is blocking the works of authors in countries
such as Cuba, Iran, and Sudan from reaching the US today.
In the lawsuit in US District Court and Manhattan, the group has asked the federal judge to remove
government restrictions that allegedly block the free exchange of information and ideas.
Otherwise, it said Americans who want information from Cuba, Iran, and Sudan are limited to reading
what's already been written in those countries.
The lawsuit noted that authors in those countries already work under government restrictions
and blame the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control for an effect
extending the force of foreign censorship to the USA.
The office was named as a defendant because it enforces US trade embargo regulations requiring
publishing to obtain license to edit articles and books by authors in some other countries.
I bet you the people at Blockbuster love that, huh?
Same mentality.
Same idea.
A message for comment left with the Treasury Department of Washington, DC, was not immediately
returned.
I can't imagine why.
Plenty of include the Association of American University Presses, the professional and scholarly
division of the Association of the American Publishers, and the Penn American Center, who
are getting the second-tired of all this censorship now.
Everything is banned in the USA.
Pretty stinking said.
Okay, we got...
I'll take it right now.
I'm never ever going to put on our website or read on the year on this show.
Not that it makes any difference, but I'm just...
Just my own drobues.
Any of these CNN, Gallup, USA, the day polls because the Gallup sector and they're always
exaggerated, especially after we found out that their methodologies they go out and they
ask 400 Republicans and 10 Democrats.
So you plan on voting on and Bush always has a bigger lead on their poll.
Plus, like I started to say before, we've got that record overseas vote expected, which we
have to story on that if you missed it on CYS News last night.
And there are a few tiers in the CBSI of it too bad.
And all those new voters that registered, they're not getting pulled because it's all based
on pre-sale.
Right.
I have a regular phone listing in the directory and thinking all these things.
There could be a surprise.
Okay, not an October surprise, but a November 2 surprise.
If it's not close enough for them to fix it again.
26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQAM.
If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking you could be doing much better
if you took care of that hair loss, then get to the phone right now and call the best
in the business, Chuck Alfieri.
Trial has been helping the famous and not so famous and the infamous look their best for
over 25 years.
But you wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Trial created the best
most natural system in the business that looks like the real thing.
The most critical area of any hair system is the hair line and Trial's new skin like hair
system is 100% detectable.
The hair appears to be grown right on your scalp.
Trial's work is guaranteed to you.
Try a system for 30 days.
Not 30, man.
And after a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed of, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today.
Trial free.
There's absolutely no obligation.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Trial he heard about it here on the world famous Nearogger Show and get you your
special QA$200 discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hair line system.
Again, a $200 discount just for mention, my man.
The secret to a great hair system makes sure nobody can tell you where in one more.
And Trial's new skin like hair system is as natural as it gets.
You won't believe how much better and younger you're looked after Trial he takes care of
you.
So call that toll free number today.
1-800-321-2413.
There's 1-800-321-2413.
I love this piece of copy by the way Trial that chops off at the end of the last sentence.
Very good draw.
You're doing it, baby.
You're on the ball.
And by the way, nice hair to do.
Or check them out on the web at CharlesOffEarly.com.
For the seems a Nearogger show.
I'm gonna give this a go.
It's a $2560-60 QA$.
For the trial of people, it's an ear listing that a hockey affordable CEO got.
My bag.
But I'm under a lot of stress.
I want to see them.
I do.
She's quite recently in town.
Looks like it's like a roadside.
It smells like a body roll ball.
A proper bush has body bells and a rascal's a rye's mouth.
It happened when she realized.
She raised her grin in a cloud.
A proper bush has body bells and a rye's.
It seems like me holding crack me.
And she rags for fun.
It's like me.
She's a drowsiness.
And she's a great cow at it.
One of them said say what's no fun.
What's my sweet Harry?
You're not full and full between us.
I'm not full.
What's no fun.
She's a feature for.
I'm gonna give this a ride.
She's with a white chain.
For the brink of the shes body bells and a rye's.
Three jay was pure bush and shes bush.
Not so bad.
She's able to fly in bush to be rich in fat.
And smells as fine as I'd explore.
I'm not a big cat.
I'm a pure bush.
We can go down this road now.
You're not a bad day with money.
I will be mad.
I think it's really scary.
I believe it's the Washington Post ABC News Pool.
And you can go on our website and see the story.
And if you go back to the original story in the post.
Then you can go on there and you can click on it.
And get all the details.
All the breakdowns by sex, by race, by region.
It's kind of scary.
Because even women, according to that pool, 49% for voice 46% for Carrie.
Which is really scary when you consider the girl won a woman by 11%.
So Carrie's got a lot of work to do.
As soon as he takes off that Fred win mask on Thursday.
Wouldn't that be something?
If he took her mask and turned on, he looks just like Bubba.
Yeah.
I mean, Bubba's got to be an elevator.
I think it would be a great prank to play on the bush people.
Walks in with a Carrie mask on with after a monster mask and a level of sun.
Just as they're about to start to debate, he whips off the mask and it's Bubba.
375 votes.
We got a shot at what?
About 500.
We got to get to 1000 by 2 o'clock, or else it's the last show I'm ever doing.
Today.
375 votes on that pool.
The election is five weeks from today.
I know it's getting pondered.
There's a lot of people.
Ah, you're going to do this again.
And it's only five weeks away, baby.
Zined America, man.
I couldn't care.
What do I care?
I spend 95% of the new free country, which ain't America.
277 say they're rock solid for Carrie.
71.2%.
Rock solid for Bush as in rocks in their head.
45.
11.5%.
I'm not eligible for vote 14.
I'm leaning to Bush 14.
Well, leaning the other way, okay, we're going to turn you another house of leaning tower
pizza.
You're leaning to Bush.
I'll vote for native 12.
Well, guess what?
Yeah, that's for you, native voters.
3% for them.
I'm leaning to Carrie 12.
I don't give a shmit eight and I'm not voting seven.
Everybody who votes for native will be shot as they leave the polls, okay?
That's not a threat.
That's a promise.
We have days.
So, I'll go over to yourselves accordingly.
We'll be looking over your shoulder.
Here's the fact that really rambles on, but it's kind of amusing.
I have to agree with your comment that Bush is going to win as much as I hate to have met
a lawyer.
I like it.
It don't look pretty good right now.
It looks pretty bad.
In fact, I think that dolphins got a better chance to sweep on all their remaining 13 games
than Carrie has with him in the election.
They got a shot.
They got a shot.
That's right.
Our native voters are going to get it.
I can just see the debate this week is so tired and old.
They've already lowered the expectation.
They've already lowered the expectation.
So, Bush is too much without stumbling.
Like, Abu Garh, the media will declare him a master debater.
The candidates cannot speak directly to each other because if Carrie did Bush would crumble.
So, it's just going to be about the speeches about flip-flopping and fuzzy math.
But that's the point when you can't even convince the very people.
Bush and company are screwing over to vote against him.
That's a good point.
The Democrats and Americans have no one to vote against.
I'm going to blame with themselves.
Salon voting, rock solid for Carrie, rock solid on www.vigo.com.
But in my mind, I don't give a shmit anymore.
I think it'll be interesting to see what my good neighbors and armchair warriors, Mr. and Mrs. Right Wing,
who we will do after Bush gets a second term in drafts of Amy Heo, who graduated high school in 2005
in the military, to get slaughtered in Iraq unless, of course, he's in my cone, which is a saving grace.
Yeah, saving grace.
So, that's the deal.
Bush, now here's the poll that I will use.
All I think most of them are full of crap.
Yeah, there's the Zod be poll and the Pew poll and the May poll.
Bush maintains lead in the latest Washington Post ABC news poll.
He maintains a clear lead over Democrats on if Carrie continues to be perceived by most voters
as the candidate best able to deal with Iraq.
That, I guess that's because things are going on well, so well over there.
That's right.
Also on the war on terrorism, which I didn't know we were fighting.
I thought, have we got Osama Yomaliyev?
No.
Well, we got Kat Stevens.
But currently we see 51% among likely voters while Carrie gets 45% independent Ralph Nader gets 1%.
Oh, thank God.
Nationally, an air poll later only gets 1% of people crazy enough to just throw away that vote.
Among all registered voters, Bush holds a 7% lead.
By healthy margins, Bush continues to be seen as the stronger leader and better able
than Carrie to keep the U.S. secure from terrorist attacks.
You see, that business of keeping everybody peeing in their pants all the time in time
where it's yellow light and purple light and green light, all of that crap paid off big time.
Unfortunately, every other issue in measure of Carrie,
if Bush holds the advantage over his rival among registered voters,
findings that underscore the importance of the upcoming presidential debates to the Carrie campaign.
I'm going to tell you again, and didn't I say it weeks ago, that Carrie Blue would be at an opportunity
to dream of a fleet of Mac trucks through there they give them an opening that big.
Even the dolphin running back, spit it out and threw there was so big.
But no, he would have still voted to give the president.
I mean, then of course he tries to like waffle on to add,
and well, what he really meant was he would have dealt with it on the right way.
And, you know, we needed to have a ventriloquist.
We needed to have either Ted Kennedy or Howard Dean speak in the words
about Carrie moved his lips ever so slowly.
Carrie continues to be viewed unfavorably by a plurality of voters.
If you would inform 1037% say they got a positive impression of him,
while 42% have an unfavorable impression of him.
That findings suggest that more people intend to vote for him than personally like him,
and highlights the fact that Carrie continues to be void by a strong anti-Bush vote
despite broad reservations about him.
Oh, that's the understanding of the century.
In a survey that offered generally good news to Bush and the Nazis,
there were some troubling notes.
A majority of voters 55% say they see,
this is what really kills me. He's got this 54% approval rating now,
highest in January.
But 55% say they were then Bush's two reckless and making policy decisions,
and once again fewer than half of all voters say they weren't a rack was worth the cost.
A clear signal at events in Iraq perhaps even more than events on the campaign trail,
ultimately made aside this election.
And just like Colin Powell said, no less than him than the willing mild-complexed mocha
that Shfarts had said on Sunday, it's bad news, man.
It's the bad news, it's going to get worse.
I bet you they weren't too pleased with that.
I bet you got taken out to the woodshed again after that show.
Oh, no, not for no, thank you.
Yeah. I bet you they spanked his ass and wolf blitzberry both of them at the same time.
But here's some hope.
Andrea Mars spent part of her summer on the streets of Paris,
shopping for Americans. Specifically, she's looking for Americans,
vikers, be persuaded to vote as CBS News Corp. Spina White Andrews reports this year it's not a tough sale.
All around the world both Republicans and Democrats have mobilized the register Americans living abroad say they're overwhelmed by the response.
We are swamped this time says Louise Myers of Democrats abroad.
Everybody wants to vote. People haven't voted in 30 and 40 years.
But 30, man.
Are coming to vote.
From a crowded registration table in Paris to an outdoor cafe in Korea,
the way senior citizens center in Israel,
and a packed political meeting in London all signs indicate that an explosion of new voters is going to happen.
Overseas Americans could add millions of votes to this year's tally.
One of American in Paris, Frank Devono, who hasn't voted in 30 years explains why.
Two words he says, George Bush.
President Bush is handling the war on terrorist issue over season.
The reason behind all this newfound energy and a pro carry rally in London.
Most voters blame Mr. Bush for making America mistrusted and hated despised.
As an American living overseas for the first time this year, I've been subjected to real anti-American feeling.
It's been very vocal and very disturbing since Linda Butler, Revolter, and London.
But travel to Israel, if you dare, and many Americans have here admire how the president projects strength.
You see, all they've got to do is suck up to Israel, man.
And all of a sudden they start putting the right schmop his on.
Oh, he never still a great trade. He's wonderful.
Bush recognizes the danger that's facing the US and is doing a great deal of the face that dangerous is Naomi Lightner.
He voted living in Israel. Well, guess what? Bush met him and told us Naomi.
Typically, Americans overseas don't bother to vote, but this election is about America standing in the world in this time.
It's about where they live and they're going to vote by the millions.
How do they like that? Now if we can just make sure that those votes are counted.
20 till known at 5.60 WDQAM.
You want to know more about following a low carb diet if you're one of those millions of fat people out there who's choked on your own fat.
You want the best tasting, largest selection of low carb foods at the best price.
Then here's a store I guarantee you're going to love the lights of Westboker.
When you're starting or we're starting the Actions, the Sugar Bustard and South Beach, any low carb sugar-free diet,
the lights of Westboker has always been the number one low carb store in town.
A question vote of your local grocery store and get your meat and cheese and cheese and meat and seafood stuff like that.
But if you want some stuff with some great taste and variety, this is the place.
If you want to have a store where you can sample before you buy anything, this is also the place.
And also, at Delights, you can have all your questions about low carb answering by the staff who are experts.
So if you want friendly service, unbeatable low prices come to the low carb headquarters, the lights of Westboker, with over 1200 products like Carboholite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolates, brownies for all your brownie hounds out there, cookies and lots more.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 5 a.m. till 10 p.m.
The lights is open on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877-LowCarb or on web, it's lowcarb.com
L.O.W.C.R.V. Don't forget there's only one but it's an unbelievable story. If the lights of Westboker are official, add kids retail soon.
You will listen to new musical new watches exclusively on 5-877-LowCarb.com.
Today's the news is morning, we have a yellow light that bothers me, they have something to hide, that's how it is, but if you may head down to a screen, the earth can't help but to view the humans like the yellow light, that's how high the corporate be a light, and that's why we have a yellow light.
The music is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song that is a song
The same factory that we fixed the 2000 President election in the US are now trying to put the fix in on the much value who is January elections in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election
in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in our rack that new vaccine of American democracy and fixed election in the world of the same industry.
translated audio recordings from terrorism and espionage investigations.
This is the administration that's doing a fine job of finding terror.
Oh, we're fine.
In addition, the audit by Glenn A. Fine.
Who said, oh, we're fine.
Take a look.
No, I'm not.
That's his name.
Glenn A. Fine.
The agency's inspector general found that more than a third of health had intercepts authorized
by a secret federal court.
We're not reviewed within 12 hours of collection as required by FBI director Robert Mueller,
who makes a hell of a positive, by the way.
Our audit highlighted the significant challenges facing the FBI to ensure the translation
of key information has performed timely and accurately.
Fine said.
Oh, we're fine.
The audit was completed in July and classified, formed a version released Monday, was edited
to remove sections classified as secret by the FBI.
Ooh.
Since then, I have led more than 123,000 hours of audio and languages associated with terrorism
still had not been reviewed as of April 2004.
The audit found in addition more than 370,000 hours of audio associated with counterintelligence
had not been renewed.
You're talking about a half a million hours of audio.
And they're going, who's ordering lunch?
This backlog existed even though the FBI's language services funding had increased from
21.5 million in fiscal 2001 to about 70 million in fiscal 2004 as they continue patient
year tax dollars down the toilet.
The number of linguists has risen from 883 to over 1214 over that period.
The FBI also is not meeting Mueller's requirements at all.
Alcada Communications collected another four-minute intelligence surveillance activity reviewed
within 12 hours of an exception.
During April 2004, the audit found 36 percent of system communications were not even received
at FBI headquarters within 12 hours, much less reviewed.
The audit found that the FBI still has the necessary language personnel to do all the need
translation work.
I guess if they find any more facts near, they better fire them too like they were doing.
That's one of the reasons they don't have all the personnel they need.
To do all the translation work needed and limitations in its technology, especially in computer
storage capacity, also caused problems to lead to backlogs.
The audit made 18 recommendations for the FBI, many of which have already been implemented,
fine said.
Oh, we're fine.
FBI official told auditors they're hiring linguists as quickly as possible.
The FBI appears to be taking steps to address these issues, which are critical imponents
of the FBI's counter-terrorism and counter-integence editors efforts rather fine said.
How do you like that?
And I'm not going to make you want to pee your pants?
We're doing it, baby.
We're making you say from terror.
We're going to be doing a great job on Alcada, even though of course, and let me just
point this out to you.
I know this will make you tears come to your eyes.
Even now, as of the state, September 28, 2004, 40% of Americans still believe that
Sodom Hussein had something to do with 9-11.
Well he watched it on TV.
40%.
Okay.
So look to your left.
Look to your right.
I guarantee there's some ass trolls in both directions.
Okay.
Josh.
Well, like I said, I didn't say it looks great ahead of him.
He's under a lot of stress.
He had to work with Dave Ann Boring on it.
Try to butcher him up a little bit.
An impossible task.
Although I will say this, Dave, at least Dave Ann Boring is out of good voice.
You know, it could look like a dollar like poor Joseph Gackie.
He does such a good guy.
And I don't hate pick it on because he's horrible.
He's just awful.
And those promos, when we'd better off not to play the promos, just to say, hey, we've
got Kane's sports here and you don't want to hear it.
But that's Joseph Gackie.
And that's by their own choice, by the way.
They had a chance to get Bill Zimper to do her.
It came football.
Remember that?
No, no, we want one person doing all of our sports, even though he's like a dollar
and a thick head and got a personality like a dead man.
But nevertheless, oh, it's so sad.
Anyway, here's the deal.
How many of our, we're going to get to a thousand or about 503?
503.
We need to get, I would say, to about 575 by the top there.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I mean, we need a tremendous number of votes on here.
We need everybody who's got a computer going.
Go to somebody's office and use their computer.
We're just going to a store and steal one.
I don't know why I just got a bug up my ass today.
Of course, that started before the show with our technical incompetence and with, of course,
the fact that these can't pay people on time.
It's just at least they're consistent, just the minor problems like that.
It's only like going to be four days late.
Hey, listen, no problem with it.
In a West Coast, I'm loaded.
There are plenty of cash.
You just relax over there.
Okay?
You morons.
They probably got to pay for the shrink for Joyce.
What do you think?
The shrink fit.
513 votes.
The election is five weeks from today.
We're talking about the presidential election.
You idiots out there.
You dummies.
You quizzlings.
Which applies to you?
I'm voting rock solid for Kerry 357.
Rock solid.
69.5%.
He dropped under 70 there.
That's not a good sign.
I'm voting rock solid for Boris 61.
Rock solid.
Between the years.
11.8%.
I'm not eligible.
Vote 19.
I'm leaning to Kerry 19.
I'm leaning to Boris 16.
I'll vote for Nitor 15.
2.9%.
See it went down a little bit after we told them if they vote for Nitor, they will be
shot.
I'm okay with it.
I'm not voting 12.
Only 2.3% of this is stood audience.
Ain't voting.
We still have some of those t-shirts to give away.
Far as I know.
Look for the QAM van right now at 10 tech plus 137th Avenue and Crullway.
And I'm going to stop by to win.
Oh, to win t-shirts.
You might have to spin the heel.
And registered to win a pair of tickets to Subway's Doppens and Jets game.
Oh, man.
Subway and hello.
Up there.
QAM hello.
Not there either.
Now listen.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity here for you to hop through it.
Subway and hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Good.
Listen.
If it's just when it is we think it is, I don't really think you should be paying too
much attention to these polls.
Yeah.
I'm just passing them along.
I'm not paying attention to Gallup one anymore because we know how to slam it to that
thing.
But any of them, I mean, I think there's a great underscuel of people that are simply going
to vote against Bush that they're not even counting on.
And that would be swell.
Also, my-
I hope-
Hopefully it's the over and out the under.
Also, I guess-
We need an over swell.
You know what I'm saying?
You sound just like my dad.
Yeah, I am.
That's why I told you it's a little uncomfortable to call you.
Right.
I understand.
My favorite broker brand that I didn't get in on that last week.
What is it?
The original Morning Show bit with D-Fo and Goldie and Ron Hershey.
Along the way, what does that mean?
Well, we have a bunch of those.
But that original one of the Morning Show bit was simply hilarious.
Also, the other one would be the-
Sorry about Morning Sixth of Script.
Yeah, Morning Sixth of Script.
We're going to play that.
I think we can give it in.
Oh, that would be great.
I think we can do that.
Alright, sorry.
We're here.
Oh, yeah.
You guys can laugh.
Oh, he's set off there.
Yeah, I think there.
Now, how is that possible?
We may be replacing the wrong piece of equipment because I don't know what's going on up there.
Oh, no.
That makes all of us.
Oh, no.
Let's see, he goes through your microphone, you see.
Oh, I see.
Is that what it was?
Yeah, you're right.
No, it is only the mic because we've tried that experiment.
And, in fact, you see, and you didn't remind me just no one that happened.
I should have let it go.
Oh, yeah, right.
You're right.
I'm not giving it to you.
Man, you're also not giving it a start.
What is wrong with you?
I don't know.
Same thing as probably the-
Look who you work for, I know.
It's 11.56 at 5.60 WQM.
Don't forget neoragers.com.
Get everybody you know to get on there and vote.
If you want 80 million votes by two o'clock,
so that we can say, hey, look at this.
We got a whole bunch of votes.
And then it'll be the same piece of crap that-
That it was before we started this morning.
It's just they're not going to get anybody, you know?
You just-
In life, here's a good piece of philosophy for you to do the best you can.
It's all, look it all whipped up into a frenzy.
Don't get yourself like, ah, you know, it doesn't help.
It doesn't make things any better.
I mean, you know, like when my father died,
I was very pleased about that.
Anyways, four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM.
That did make things a lot better mentally.
I don't know what it is, you know?
And then of course, mom,
hey, if you're playing on replacing your carpeting
because they look old and filthy,
or if maybe you're thinking about having carpet area rugs drapey,
all of these things professionally cleaned,
do yourself a big favor.
Do what I've been doing for over 20 years,
call my good, close personal friends at drape concepts,
because they're the best in the world.
Why would you even think I'm doing business with anybody else?
Drape concepts is the best at bringing those carpets back to life,
even if they look like they're out of life, like they're dead,
like you have to spend a lot of money to replace them,
forget about it.
Because drape concepts will sanitize your home today,
using their certified train technicians,
who drape clean your carpets,
which sucks out even the deepest down dirt
and the fibers of your carpet,
leaving them looking and smelling just like brand new.
They smell them in a fresh,
they're drying a couple of hours,
and it looks like it had brand new, like I said,
lead right on your floor.
And no ripoffs, no games,
they don't play the BS of per-room scams,
like most of the other carpet cleaning companies,
they give you a written guaranteed price up front
before they start the job,
and that's what you pay.
Believe you me, when they get done,
you'll look in your floor,
and you'll be shaking your head in amazement,
because they do such a fantastic job.
Call them tool free, you'd never use anybody else again,
once you use these people for the first time,
like I've been doing for over 20 years,
call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071,
run the Wicked Web at dryconcepts.com.
Get us now, Mr. Junior,
we are on your orders and mornings and we dig.
And, for some,
run a clock to find us.
We're here.
You call me Mr. Boots,
and I've been visiting to the Dwell-Owner now.
All right, here it looks like
a Neil's been at some of the day before again.
Hey, anything for your neck,
Carolyn?
Welcome back to the Morning Sickness Crew.
We surely talk about sports at a rapid pace.
Oh, God, the Dwell-Owner first,
after here, tough.
Hey, you think that's good?
When I was at the Jackliest Night,
I bet on was so slow,
the Jockey kept it diaries.
What was that, Carolyn?
That's not bad, the Gail was raped in the Hari Games locker room.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And thanks for making the studio smell better, Dutz.
Okay, we got the three in context on the line.
Hi, Richard.
Hi, everyone.
Hey, you know that's Mr. Junior,
you know about it knocking down
by the door of the Traction of 380 Michael
or the Marsmith.
You know what I mean?
I mean, the thing that I have on a 3D in it,
I don't know if you had any money to be cymbal.
What did he say?
Two Brother Docks,
and a Buddy, Sal,
I read Luke's recording, tell him it's not.
Tell him it's not.
Without use it, it's gonna die, I can't.
We're gonna lose that up in a mess here.
Anybody who's not out here,
don't give him a lot of cash,
you know what I'm saying?
You're a fucking live country.
We're gonna be dead too.
We're gonna be dead too.
We're gonna be dead too.
We're gonna be dead too.
We're gonna be dead too.
We're gonna be dead too.
Thank you for your calls.
Yeah.
Okay, it's time for another fight
that are active comedy bit.
All right, hit of you, Goldie Horn.
So, Goldie, that you Goldie.
Yeah.
So, Goldie, what's your take on
one college athletes who aspire
to play Shmere the Queer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You've got something against playing there.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
How you raised your cheek?
I'm going to call you now.
I'm going to call you now.
I'm going to call you now.
I'm going to call you now.
I'm going to call you now.
Sounds like a real ice queen if you ask me.
Yeah, what's your way?
Well, let's not get into that.
Oh, look.
We got to guy with the eyes for the third time today.
Hi, you cany.
Uh-huh.
Goldie.
Thank you for your cool.
Ain't this more fun than putting your balls off
with a serrated scissors?
Goldie.
Oh, yeah.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
Goldie.
voting 12 because I just, uh, I'm just too stupid, I don't care what's the use, um, lazy,
I'm a piece of crap.
We love old Bobby Waxler though, good news.
Federal appeals court yesterday revived a lawsuit seeking a full paper trail for Florida's
new touchscreen voting machines with only five weeks before the election.
The court told the lower court judges to reopen the case, affecting the 15 Florida Counties
that use voting machines that don't create paper copies.
Three judges from the 11th US Circuit Court of Appeals wrote that the Federal judge improperly
decided not to get involved in the lawsuit filed by US Representative Bobby Waxler,
South Florida Congressman.
Well, guess it was on TV this morning.
Who was on TV this morning?
Yesterday was Miss Mark Foley this morning that Miss Charlie Christa on there.
And we're talking about the Hurricane Malasta.
Anyway, we vacate that decision and we man for a consideration of the merits, the unsigned
ruling reads a state appeals court rule last month that a paper trail of ballots was not
required.
Ruling the voters are not guaranteed a perfect voting system.
Right.
In other words, well, it's fairly close.
That's good enough.
Waxler had argued that the paperless voting system makes manual reconsume possible.
He sued state elections officials arguing that constitutional promises of equal protection
will be violated by a voting system that varies from county to county and Florida.
This is a huge win.
Huge.
Waxler spoke to him in Lail Mamas said from his Washington office.
Lail, what kind of a name is that?
Probably went to Yale.
But that dummy.
Nice going there, Bobby.
Waxler, you're the best man.
He's good.
Let's put him in there.
What are you saying?
Okay.
Yeah, I say okay too.
Bobby Waxler for president, baby.
Oh!
5607-0560.
Count 560 on the Verizon cellular wireless line.
We'll include a few of your calls today because they have been good.
You better admit that.
So far.
Webby, QA, and hello.
Good morning, Mr. Stubb.
I'd like to speak by word game buddy Georgia, but, man.
Yeah, okay.
Great.
Webby, QA, and hello.
How you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Oh, yesterday I was trying to get in because we were talking about Senator Brownback and
you referred to him as a lunatic.
And I was wondering if you were going to refer to Kerry as one tooth since he voted for it.
So if one's a lunatic, go, one should be as well.
Yeah, they're all about the lunatic, man.
So join the club, okay?
5607-0560.
Haven't I said that Kerry didn't have the balls?
And I talked about that a long time yesterday and not in words and not Kennedy and all these
spineless powers who are afraid to be seen as voting for indecency.
Didn't I say that?
Yes.
But that ain't good enough for you, lunatic.
If there's one thing I can't stand is people that start with an aim calling you ass-wife.
WQA and hello.
I'm a love to see that in the debate.
They have Kerry call a butcher ass-wife.
Yes, sir.
Is it gas in the car?
WQA and hello.
That's your buddy again.
That's what you wanted.
Hi, I'm Pavin.
That's him.
Oh, yeah.
You got a new line note today.
That's good.
WQA and hello.
How are the guards?
Pretty good.
I think it's because he's a stealing damn fan.
Yes, sir.
It's got a BSL cup of sea pig report for you.
Who's the only one who's just east of flamingo, three troopers at Portemore where like hot
cakes on sausage or whatever.
Thanks for all those pally.
Yes, Dan.
BSL hoping a case upon that wheel I've got you back here.
I told you the cause was sensational, didn't I?
Indeed.
Oh, wait for me to hear this.
That girl's powerlage and baby is like, brotherly love.
Jerusalem.
Creek, a Greek orthodox in Franciscan priest got into a fist fight yesterday at the Church of the Holy Sepulch.
Sepulch.
Careful.
A holy Sepulch.
Christianity is holy ashrine.
After arguing over whether a Dorothy Basilica should be closed during a procession, they got into a fist fight.
Which is probably about the richest thing you do one of them will ever do.
Oh, dozens of people including several Israeli police officers.
Oh, I wish I'd be heard in the brawl of the shrine, built over the spa work traditions as Jesus.
For priest were detained police spokesman Schmulach Ben Ruby said, oh, what a great name Schmulach.
Custody of the church in a holy Sepulch are shared by several denominations that jealously guard territory and responsibility.
Under a fragile deal hammered out over the last centuries, any perceived encroachment on one group's turquimly, divisious feuds, sometimes lasting hundreds of years.
One day's fight broke out during a procession of hundreds of re-corthodox worshipers commemorating the fourth century of pilgrimage by Helena, mother of emperor Constantine.
In the end of Jerusalem, tradition says that during the trip Helena found the cross on which Jesus had inquisified and then she moved to Montana.
Church officials speaking on condition of anonymity said that at one point the procession passed a Roman Catholic chapel and priest from both sides started arguing over whether the daughter of the chapel should be open or closed.
Club wielding Israeli riot police broke up the fight witness to set afterward the procession continued.
Club wielding Israeli riot police, they are right, you know.
Great Orthodox priest, resident black robes and Donnie elaborate headresses that head year again marched out of the church's bells rang loudly carrying gold, staves and roses.
What is a stave?
SDAVE, plural for stuff.
Staves, staves.
Carrying stuff and roses, they marched through the church courtyard and they said, what's the new Jews, the Odyset, the Madonna Jews, the Oven, Kabbalists, Kabbalah, whatever that is?
I wonder if they carry staves.
They marched through the church courtyard and down a narrow stone alley as re-corthodox Christians clapped and shared, all right, you go boys, all right.
In 2003, Israeli police threatened the number of worshipers allowed to attend the Easter ceremony.
If the denominations did not agree and who would leave the ceremony, police broke the last minute deal and the ceremony passed peacefully.
And by the way, for the punk that called before about San Brownback, you're too young to join the full SS, okay, you'll have to join the Hitler youth.
But a year earlier, the great patriarch and our meaning encouragement designated to enter the tomb of St. ... Oh, it is.
I better read those paragraphs again, it's too important, careful.
In 2003, Israeli police threatened the number of worshipers allowed to attend the Easter ceremony.
If the denominations did not agree and who would leave the ceremony, police broke the last minute deal and the ceremony passed peacefully.
But a year earlier, the Greek patriarch and our meaning encouragement designated to enter the tomb of St. ...
... after they dispute over who would be the first eggs of the chamber.
Oh my God, almighty.
Oh, Jesus, that's about it.
I get old time religion, baby.
Hey, hey, an intolerance of, ah, and murder and bloodshed, stuff like that, all these things.
All of these things.
Like I said, oh, and here's another good pre-story.
I'm sure you saw this.
A district attorney said yesterday that he would not prosecute a Roman Catholic bishop Thomas Dupre on child rape charges because these statute limitations had expired in the case.
Unfortunately, for us, the bishop has expired yet, hopefully soon.
In an indictment on CODS, today Dupre was charged with molesting two boys in the 1970s, becoming the first Roman Catholic bishop to face criminal charges in the sex abuse scandal that has rocked the American church.
Oh, yeah.
However, the grand jury returned indictments only related directly to child abuse, not to other possible charges such as witness tampering and of stuff and justice,
but out those indictments, Hampton District Attorney William Bennett said he was precluded from pursuing the case because the statute limitations enforced at the time of the alleged crimes was limited to six years.
Even with probable cause, there was a strong possibility that prosecution such allegations could be barred by the statute limitation that it's in the news conference hours after the indictment was unsealed.
Dupre decided to help the reasons when he resigned in February after nine years as head of these Springfield diocese, but as departure came one day after the Republican newspaper of Springfield, that's the name of the paper, confronted him with allegations he abused two boys while he was a parish priest.
So he's just a coincidence that it is ill-health that he retired to resign the next day.
The indictment was handed up by a grand jury Friday on COD yesterday morning, Bennett said the grand jury was convened to investigate all aspects of the allegations against Dupre, including whether he tried to cover the abuse up or whether he had abused any other children.
When Bennett announced in the Spring that he would present the case to a grand jury, he initially considered it could be difficult to charge Dupre with abuse because of the statute limitations, but the prosecutor later said that Dupre could be charged because of his more recent attempts to conceal the alleged crimes.
In fact, if that's the case, why don't they put the Pope in jail, talk about a gigantic cover-up.
Man, even at Ball's body's been trying to cover up all these even more, never tried to cover up his back.
Top of it, a big smock of the day was on his head. What do you call that thing? That's your crown? The pointy heart?
It's a pointy, that pointy thing, the miter. The Pope is wearing a pointy thing, man.
See, now back in the day, I had a line for that, but I better not use it. What do you do with the pointy thing? Well, probably in the chapter 11 and 5, noon at 5, 60, WQM, how are we doing on our road to a thousandaire?
We're going to make it? We'll make it.
Or else, 6, 24, we're going to have to get out with say to about 8, 50 by the end of this hour, because the one and two hours a week, they're all listening to rush by then.
They're all topping pills by one o'clock. So we've got to make it to like 8, 50 by him, one o'clock. Or else, right now Armstrong, Florida, Homestown wants to clear it with a while.
I'm clear, my throat, they want to clear their lats and sell off all remaining O-for's. Here just in a great deal's waiting on you as I speak.
In O-for F-150 pick up your bag just a dollar over invoice. New O-for explorers, you pay just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Bakes, Tourists, and Focuses all waiting for you at just one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong, Florida Homestown.
Plus Armstrong, Ford offers more value to its little customers. When you buy your Ford from Armstrong, you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. Nobody know where it is at.
That's right, tires and batteries for life. The value of your get Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop there because right now you'll get a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, all you have to do is pick up that phone and you can shop right over the phone to Armstrong, Ford just call them at 305-247-51112.
That's 305-247-51112. They'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging out.
Armstrong, Ford, or Homestead, great folks to do business with. They're locally owned and operated. They'll treat you just like family.
And I'll bet your clearance is life on it. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch, no phone and deals. Just the best deals go in anywhere.
Armstrong, Ford, or Homestead, they're located at 307-25. South Dixie Highway, 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Drive a little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Jim. Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you.
President Bush expanded health care for children and cut taxes to stimulate the economy. I don't like that. If I am elected president, this will be an America that invites inflation and recession.
And I have a plan to do so. George Bush has no plan. I will move America in a new direction.
Never let any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity in our nation. In the blink of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher health care costs, higher college
tuition, trillions of deficits over the next decade. If I am president, that is the new direction that I will set for our budget and for our economy.
Thank you very very much.
I am going to give you a fine ticket for the next week.
Okay, see you, Herman. Calm down.
King of Jordan says Iraq is unsafe for the elections. What about the elections in democracy?
Yes, but I think he is going to be a point. Jordan's king of billis has only experienced a election in January.
Oh my god.
In a text distributed in advance of an interview with the French Daily newspaper, they figured out the king said it appears to be impossible to organize in disputable elections in the chaos currently raining in Iraq.
And of course, anybody with a brain knows that he is...
The king also expressed concern that partial elections which excluded city-sensual logic could isolate Sunni Muslims, saying that that could create even deeper divisions of the country and more confusion about who has got the best headgear.
Abdullah, who is due to meet French President Jacques Cherrock in Paris today, has been a strong Middle East ally of the U.S. and its war on terror.
Both U.S. and Iraqi leaders have said polls will go ahead, but last week U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Herman Kering-Rumsfeld raised the possibility that elections could be excluded from dangerous parts of the country.
In the bid to crack down on these dangerous areas, Secretary of State Roland Kohl and Powell, a city-American military will move into insurgent heavy no-go zones in Iraq to clear the way for legitimate elections.
Abdullah has also urged Iraqi authorities to reconstitute elements of the order Iraqi army to help train security forces as insurgent attacks rack the nation.
Last Sunday was face-to-nation, next Sunday it's going to be Iraq, where is that Iraq the nation? Is that what it is? Yeah.
Iraq and it. Oh, look at this facts. Why sure? Hope this is good. What is this? The next page is better.
But that one page, you like to make votes? Yeah, yeah. Well, why is this? Is this like a prediction of the foundation of the following page?
I see. Four years ago in Election Day, I sent you an Excel spreadsheet like the one attached listing the states where the electoral votes would go.
I had grow within 273 to 265 with growing Florida. Actually growing the better my topic because he won a 267 without Florida. Yes, I know he really went blah, blah, blah.
About that 2,000 election day show, Neil, every year, Roger show his way, but if I had to rate all your shows for all time, I'd vote for 2,000 election day show, number one, and the following day, number two. How do you like that?
They were great especially day two beginning in number when you played in Florida.
Have they talked about dying for sure that they're talking about? Oh, I haven't played it. Probably haven't played it since then.
All of course, any day is always a good day to die in Florida. What is it?
This little shout is going to never do it. Which is perfect for the Q and the Club of Class. Some of you are swinging.
Oh, man, we're about an idiot generation job. I'm dying out of here. That's your beauty.
I'm the one who's been my life robbing you. Can you pray for my heart for the good for you?
Absolutely positive. The great sus says the Fred C. The Factor. But what was really fascinating was little lady who called you in real time.
I think before Nontelius sheep mode voted mistakenly for Bicanan. I remember that. I guess I did.
Remember that? Yes, right. From Palm Beach. You drove around with her first. We had lots of fun with the call.
But later in the day, you started realizing something was terribly wrong. You were going a lot.
We were listening in real time to the horror that would follow that night. I would love to listen to those two shows again. No chance.
Anyway, Neil, if I may be so presumptuous starting today, I will send you an electoral college prediction every two day right up to election day. Wow!
I've listed the states a little differently this time. Some states are on top.
What is it? Oh, sure states on top. Have they leaning states next and toss up states last?
I'll make my predictions as of every Tuesday. I don't have a winner yet because I have five states that are too close to call.
This is Fred C. Who needs Gallup? Who needs CNN? Who needs ABC? Who needs the Washington Post? Who needs John Zogby? Who needs all of these glam, right?
Right. An error of S.C. Of course, you may or may not agree with my predictions. So make your adjustments accordingly.
Once again, Neil, I think whoever wins Florida will win the election. Unfortunately, this looks bad for Kerry. They stole it last time.
Jeb will probably steal it again. Absolutely. It's the same ant is 2000. Whoever wins two out of three among Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida will win the election.
Democrats still might surprise with turnout of election day from what I'm hearing that M.S. are kicking ass and voter registration in this winning state.
Kerry must win the debates convincingly and uphold his reputation as a strong closer and unmatched Fred Gwynn. Look alike.
Right? Right. Well, let's see. He's got boy. I mean, this is too progress for me to go down this whole list here.
Who's he got in West? Well, no, let me just see who he's got with in West Virginia. Boy, he's right about these ahead heavily.
Who's he got in Missouri? Boy, that's correct. What about Wisconsin? Where is he got Wisconsin going over here? Let's see. He's got two close to call.
Well, right now Bush has got a fairly healthy leading Wisconsin, which is shocking. So I think there's a little wishful thinking involved here Fred.
See, this is a nice job. And if I really wanted to put the audience into a total coma, I'd read the whole thing with no disrespect to you.
But I mean, it's a good word. Only the bottom line. The grand total is important. The grand total is got 249 for Bush. 233 for Kerry with 56.
Two close to call. Instead of and so on. What is it? 270 and 8? Is that the 5269? Something like that. Right.
So there you go. Fred, see his hard to work. He's working at it. And on a Schwarzenegger band smoking in prisons.
I don't want to say he's a hypocrite because you'll be picking on the terminator. I think I think somebody is going to apologize for this.
I apologize. A little bit louder. I apologize.
Shut up. California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, who set up a tent outside his smoke-free state office to accommodate his taste for a good cigar, signed a Bill Monday borrowing tobacco from state prisons.
The mayor reminds the state's penal code. Can I say that choice? It reminds the state's code to bar tobacco products from prisons and youth correctional facilities.
Violet is a subject to a spine. Oh, we're fine. Supporters say that changes will help save the state money on health care and improve the health of the 160,000 state inmates. Some parts of California's criminal justice system such as County Jails have already banned smoking.
I thought that was the big thing in jail was that everybody's passion faggot's around. Well, right. The state generated about a million dollars in tobacco taxes and $370,000 in sales taxes by something tobacco products to inmates last year.
Bill sponsored Tim Leslie, a Republican assembly, a assemblyman, estimated about half a California prisoner smoke costing $280 million in health care cost. Well, if they want a smoke, let him run. Look, their lungs are rot out. Right on the floor. Just sweep him away.
Right? Sure. But the governor sets up a tent outside his smoke-free state office, which is by law, of course, to stay free, to smoke free. And the accommodators taste for a good cigar.
So he's puffing away in a big one and that's okay. But these poor bastards who are rotting away in jail somewhere because maybe they looked at somebody cross-eyed or maybe they voted for our algorithm.
I mean, let's get serious. Okay, Arnold, you jackass. You astral you.
Paul Kurgman writes in the Times today, Swagger versus substance. He's good. He's one of my very favorite rights. He makes a lot of sense.
Let's face it. Whatever happens in Thursday's debate, cable news will proclaim President Bush the winner. This will reflect the political bias, so evidently, party conventions. It'll also reflect the undoubted fact that Mr. Bush is a pretty good Clint Eastwood imitation.
But what will they print me to do? Let's hope they don't do what they did four years ago. Interviews with focused groups established after the first 2000-MH showdown, grow with a slight edge, post-debate analyzation should have widened that edge after all during the debate.
Mr. Bush told one of our after another about his budget plans, about his prescription drug proposal and more, the fact checking in the next days papers should have been devastating.
But as Adam Kline reported out yesterday on the off-head page of the Times, front page coverage of the 2000 debates emphasized not what the candidates said but their body language.
After the debate, the lead stories said a lot about Mr. Gore's size but nothing about Mr. Bush's lies.
And even the fact-checking pieces buried inside the newspaper was Mr. Climberdellickly, puts it, constrained by an effort to balance one candidate's big mistakes that Mr. Bush's lies against the other's minor errors.
The result of this emphasis on the candidates acting skills rather than their substance was that after a few days Mr. Bush's defeat in the debate had been spun into a victory.
This time, the first debate will be all about foreign policy and area where Mr. Bush ought to be extremely vulnerable after all his grandiose promises to rid the world of evil doers have all come to nod.
Examining, of course, as though some have been logan, whom Mr. Bush promised to get better alive, then drop from his speeches after a botched operation at Toro Borla and get away.
And such has been logan, most analysts believe that Al Qaeda, which might have been crushed if Mr. Bush hadn't diverted resources and attention to the war in Iraq, is his dangerous as ever.
There's also North Korea, which Mr. Bush declared part of the axis of evil, then ignored when his regime started building nuclear weapons.
Recently, when a reporter asked Mr. Bush about reports that North Korea has a half a dozen bombs, he simply shrugged.
Most important, of course, is Iraq an unnecessary war, which after initial most ob victory has turned in when even worse does act in that the war's opponents expected.
The Kerry campaign is making hate over Mr. Bush's famous flights suit stunt, but for me Mr. Bush's worst moment came two months later when he declared there are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
My answer is bring them on. When they really did come on, he blinked.
US forces obviously under instruction to hold on casually, at least till the election, have seated much of a rack to the insurgents.
During the debate Mr. Bush will try to cover for this dismal record with swagger and with the facts on his opponent.
Will the press play Karl Roves' game as by Mr. Climber puts a confusing political cover to a drama criticism or will it do its job and check the candidate's facts?
There have been some encouraging signs lately that there was a disturbing interlude in which many news organizations seemed to accept false claims that Iraq had come down after the transfer of sovereignty.
But now as the violence escalates, they seem willing to ask hard questions about Mr. Bush's fantasy version of the situation in Iraq.
For example, recent worders and analysis put it out that independent sources contradict his assertions about everything from police training and reconstruction to preparations for January elections.
Mr. Bush is also getting less of a free ride than he used him when he smears his opponent.
Last week after he had Mr. Bush declared that Mr. Kerry would prefer the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein to the situation in Iraq today, the AP pointed out that this twisted his rivals' words and then quoted what John Kerry really said.
Nonetheless, on Thursday night there will be a temptation to revert to drama criticism to emphasize how the candidates looked enacted and pushed analysis of what they said and whether it was true to the inside pages, with so much at stake to publish the service better, fall for the rights but don't hold your breath.
Press the media sucks.
28 past noon at 5.60 WDQM, this is one of those times when you might need some help real fast. Thankfully, Dalamakras delivers same day all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-Makras, you'll choose from the deepest and whitest selection of betting all available for same day delivery.
Call them right now as you sit there on your fat ass, call 1-800-Makras now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
And you still get to pick a date and time for delivery any tour winner that's convenient for you and guess what?
If they show up, Dalamakras says 99% on time delivery record.
Dalamakras ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call that number, you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in the university.
They got them all.
SIRTA, SELE, SEMONS, KING QUAL, TEMPORPETIC, EVEN, STIRNS AND FOSS TO HEW IT.
The people with brains are doing the call and right now instead of wasting their time at betting the department's stores, they're just making that one easy call you ought to be doing the same.
Log on to their website if you'd like it mattress.com and then make the call and we'll get them there in no time at all.
I'll get you a great night's sleep for years to come. 1-800-Makras 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
DORIS NEEDL, RUNCHERS, RECORD, AND PICTIC, EVEN, AM.
I'm peeing in my pants waiting for that one. Before we do the thing, two Italian women aid workers held hostage and are recommending release.
Oh! I took peak here and headed over to the Italian Charged Deferent Bag that Alzes or TV said today.
The Europe news network they gave no further details. There was no immediate independent confirmation of their release.
Trinity workers Simone Paddi and Simone Tareth, at the both age 29, no kind of genome Twitter, were smashed from their bag...
Oh, smashed from their bag that office of TEMPORPETIC and had been deferred from since. Sorry Joey.
I said, fine, imagine how it's gonna change me. It's fine, because I'm damn rather...
I don't think that truth was just telling the truth about it's mind.
When you watch me, I'll be providing a proof. It's time and time.
He invoices shit and worship me. No matter if it's a thank you or a thank you or a thank you.
I will go in one of us and gotta go. It won't be me, because I'm damn rather...
This is the essay, dude. Yes, I am damn rather...
So write me this in a letter...
Because I'm damn rather...
Just in the world there's rather...
Because I'm damn rather...
I'm damn rather...
I'm damn rather...
You're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you
You're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead Well, enough didn't happen.
Look at the internet, you guys.
Look at me, guys, imagine having me back outside of Dur World, and you guys, really talked to me I don't know how you're dead when we're dead.
De Marche, this year, we got our last moon, D, folks that aren't going to separate us.
For the summer months after wePoint successful we broke...
He's okay in our book. He's a wonderful guy. Go.
7.26 and of us we're not gonna make our thousandths. We really get that thing going
The election is five weeks away, which applies to you. We need a 50 by one o'clock if we got a shot
You don't say an even Jimmy Johnson thinks we ain't got a shot right now
I wonder what Jimmy Johnson is thinking about Dave Wons dead. I wonder what Don's really thinking about the Wons dead era, huh?
Oh, man
See because old couts like that they they revel when their successors failed big time
Just like I'm sure Shula loved the fact that after after Jimmy said him up
You know for getting canned which is what really happened after that whole deal and Jimmy flopped on his ass
I'm sure that Shula loved it and now the same thing both of them are probably loving Wons dead just being a real piece of third
Don't forget to check our website up is a lovely a new magazine there Dave Wons that's on the front cover
The election is five weeks away, which applies to you. That's our pull question on the O'Rodges dot com 734 votes
I'm voting rock solid for carry 514 rock solid rock solid for Bush 83 that's 70 to 11.3 percent
I'm leaning to carry 35. I'm leaning to Bush 24. I'm not eligible to vote 23
I don't give a shmit 21 my ears are rock solid although for native 20 to 0.7 percent
20 people want to get their legs blown off and I'm not voting 14 1.9 percent
I think what somebody ought to do is scratch Nader's name off all the balance
All right scratch this thing. That's a good idea. All you all far to get me to put in place just scratch his name off
And I've even on the machines just scratch it out. Oh
Listen to this we got the cats Stevens
Yeah, the good news is those some have been live in other senior al-Qaeda leaders are most likely still alive hiding in Pakistan
The US commander of 18,000 foreign troops hunting rule of Cincinnati, Afghanistan said on Monday
Lieutenant General David Barno also told Reuters and interviewed that Al-Qaeda operatives were helping remnants of Afghanistan's out to Taliban
disrupt preparations for the country's first direct the presence of Odo October 9 in Afghanistan
We see relatively little evidence of senior al-Qaeda personality figures being here in Afghanistan
Because they can feel more protected by their foreign fighters in rotaries inside Pakistan
He said in a heavily fortified US military compounded Kabul
We're a good friend that dictator our puppet Musharraf is running things
That's why I did working so remember a couple of months ago we had that story
I was during the early part of the summer about how the pressure the heat was on the Pakistanis
They're gonna have to find this one there and all of a sudden we're getting little bits and pieces of wild
They're closing in on Osama getting ready for the October surprise
In the hage
Pakistani president pervert Musharraf filled reporters
He had no idea where been live was although interrogations of recent al-Qaeda captives at technological intelligence
Exempted the world's most wanted man was alive. I don't know where he was is I wish I news him Musharraf a key ally in US
We're a led war on terror
Arno praised Pakistan's efforts to flush out foreign militants from remote travelers is
Boarding we Afghanistan and crack down on al-Qaeda link operatives in towns and cities
Pakistan has more than 70,000 troops in its travel belt and they all smell the same. It says here. I'd be like that
What's that mean? I have no idea
560560
How's the Q and Vando and they're probably long gone right? I haven't heard yet. Well, what does that mean? That means they're still there
They're still there just like just like Osama
The Q and Vando is just like Osama in fact. I wouldn't be surprised if he's hanging high down the van
That's messy it up back there
Right now I 10-tech plus located 137 for the haven't crawl away in Miami stop by to win some nifty t-shirts
And registered to win a pair of tickets to some of these dolphins gets games such as it'll be
You are listening to me or I
But
They're never in control
And when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the world got 30 men?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't sad on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
But then they and their jocks and they would run much faster and even
In the feet when we go to the stadium we'll see Miami
And they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the world got 30 men?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans
Just 50,000
Bulls sitting in the stands
They watch the game and all they do is moaning right then bitch
I wonder how joe robby got the piece of them rich and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the world got 30 men?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have faith beware that quarterbacks at you
Run down the field and he will pull a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was surging from size and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the world got 30 men?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
J calls his signals in he brood
But dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joe
Like George Bush he be pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than park marks on high zingas of leafs facing there the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how what the hell 32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now there's a line of hands
Absolutely
Absolutely
George Golly
From 48 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to 8 spite of all of this stuff
You know we had some tough rounds right?
Still weathered a storm so to speak with weathered a storm and we too shall survive
And all the other cliches that make the world go around
Here's the fact that says I've watched how our dean and Charlie rose last night
Well I'm so sorry to watch Charlie rose
I can't stand I'd rather watch P-Rose than rather be dead than watch P-Rose
I rather see P-Rose with that big stack of $100 bills on the table in front of the
Compatible Park acting like a real jackass that he is
And anyway no I did not watch that P-Rose a thing on HBO
Did you watch that Josh I hope not?
No good
Anyway it says Dan Utair McCollough on the a week need DNC for not giving this guy
down his chance and you know what you are absolutely correct faster wherever sent this in
Dean was the man that was the scene we all thought a lot out you know
Well he's
If you don't say he was that he was not that he didn't win he had no chance and
The matter of the fact that it matter he was the man. We're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma
Right
And North Dakota and you Mexico
We're gonna California and Texas and New York
We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan
And then we're gonna wash it in these days and take back the White House
Yeah, he's the one ahead of all to say Tom Ridge was full of crap and was all just a big
Scare tactic with that. Remember that
Yeah, that Sunday morning with the latest yellow pink purple agreement a hysterical light
Yeah
He was the one that had the balls to say that this whole arachn was wrong right from the very beginning
He was the one that pointed the finger at the whole
Smoking mirrors deal
But no we don't want to know how our dean
And anyway
It says last November Dean was giving the Democratic Party back to spy and they lost
After conceding the 2000 election to the right wing lunatics absolutely correct
By the time he got to I and for that punk that called before about San Brown back now I want to correct my answer
Okay, so for San Brown back is a certified lunatic John Kerry's not a lunatic just a spineless coward
That's the difference
Anyway by the time he got to I what was all over Dean would be firing back at W. Relentlessly meanwhile curious to sleep at the wheel
I have unpleasant memories of the two thousand debates when girl rolled over and died
Instead of slamming this
And sending him back to Crawford with his shoe up his ass
Says Neil God help us or is that like you got some punctuation there could you please play the Gore obelgarib ran followed by his rendition of the macaroni
Haven't played that a long time you know
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America
Through the land
I book our red yeah, that's what he's screaming about it says it brings me back to a time on America the potential lead humanity into a better future
Nature is speaking at you end today could somebody from the cafeteria pick up a pie and smash it in this push
That sounds like a winner to me. Oh please get your dollar. Yes silly old cout. Hey Ralph get lost already
We get into your 65 corpere and drive off straight do ease to be good
I don't know if you mentioned this information
But if anyone around the Gables the city's interested here it is and it's a thing from move on.org
Thursday at lunchtime
Please join us in a unique and powerful demonstration a symbolic unemployment line representing more than a million Americans have lost their jobs in the past four years
First president since Herbert Hoover and his frickin depression
To lose jobs and we're talking over a million jobs
It just doesn't make any sense to me the economy sucks the Iraq situation is getting worse every day
We got over a thousand kids in body bags
Everything is going to hell on a hand basket lies up the old yin-yang
Yeah, he's doing one hell of a job. He's the best
Edikosa on here about that employment line. It's his Thursday September 30th and 12.05 to 12.45 PM
Catch the shuttle buses at 11.45 a.m
Outside the University of Miami if you can find it east side of us one starting at Stanford Drive and running
Panasonic Merripposa court in the Gables and the anxious moral Gables
Transit driver take Metro railroad to South Miami or Douglas Road stations University station will be closed
You can park at the stations shuttle buses will leave the station to 11.45. Marine participants to the unemployment line
America's lost 1.7 million jobs since Bush took office leaving 8 million people unemployed
Miami suffers more than most with unemployment 16% higher than the national average in New York during the Republican Conventionary
8,000 people stood in the unemployment line making headlines nationwide
It's a potent symbol that will speak powerfully in Miami today to prove for themselves. So they when you go boys and girls
You go do it show your posts
Of course the big news is that yesterday I forget about all this other stuff a stupid election stuff and about people dying and wars the important stuff
And as matter of fact little Tommy jikka who hasn't written I'm gonna tell you something if there's any way that makes me want to scream
Just scream
It's him little Tommy jikka that had the audacity well
We'll need to be able to keep in touch with the local scene doing the show from Toronto most it you know something I got more
We do more in the first 30 seconds we talk more local than you've written in the last I don't know how many years
I wrote
You want to be you Greg Reed suck whole man. That's all you are Tommy. This is a suck up
Right said thing about the Stern show well good and credit for having the balls for a right
You are such a lick man. Oh, man, but just tongue falls off
But let's the last time he wrote anything about local radio TV
Anything I don't know and usually in the past when he was really doing his job
You know after the hurricane like after Andrew he would write articles about the coverage in the various TV states
And different people what they did. He didn't write anything about that nothing
He's he's just like strictly now the corporate
Network show reviewer and just bull crab man just about to can horse crab and you're talking about me being out of touch man
Talk about the time contact handle balled in fat
Anyway, so he writes his whole calm today of course about Conan to take over the night show by 2009
Man, oh man
Talk about much you do about less than nothing
NBC announced yesterday
Breathlessly that Conan O'Brien will take over from J. Leno as host of each night show that they'll have to write his jokes the
But what's that he'll have time to write his jokes the plan succession won't happen until 2009
The announcement solves a delicate problem for NBC which realized the bram was getting ancine is late night time slot
1235 AM Eastern wanted to keep him from jumping to another network
Leno planned to make the announcement on Monday's edition of tonight
No, this is a yeah, see this is the Sun Central so it's already passed a bedtime no matter what time you got this
In 2009, I'll be 59 years old. We've had this dream job for 17 years Leno said when I signed my new contract
I felt the time was right to plan for my successor and there's no one more qualified than Conan
Plus I promised Mavis his grotesque wife
I would take a ride to dinner before I turn 60 be notoriously workaholic and
Moderately counted Leno said about his wife and I say moderately counted what a what an understanding that is your judges
I wouldn't watch him if you paid me by the second Jay Leno
Man oh man. I'm going to see a Steve Allen and Jack par rolling over their graves right now
Do you think
They're thinking over on each other now. Let's see are we gonna make that thousand a day or what?
We'll make it
What do we got seven ninety five plus tax?
795 votes we need to get to eight out I said a 50 by one o'clock that a real legitimate trend now
What do we have going to this arm time? I mean, you know, it's not important
It's something to strive for everybody's got to have a goal right just like the dolphin
I think this Sunday against the jet at least at least a lender can pick up hair right
Right
Yeah, six points instead of three. I mean you have to work a little baby steps before you you have to call before you can walk
What?
Sorry, you have to win slightest and versing all of my prediction for Sunday will be the jets 31 and it could often six
Which I think I'm being pretty good mood today. What I'm being pretty dan generous given in six man
All in the mod a hit this and I wonder who most going to be rooting for neckings
But it's the one to two hour
How dare they drive the good things of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture
But now go algo
They should be vice president
This is some
I've been watching you
Turn around about not the right
And if I did have your silence
I would like to demonstrate to you
I
The Alborg version of the walk away
Would you like to see it again
And no no
Oh
One oh two at five sixty w two and we got the mad dog at two the hopper is back in town on a year
Hankelberg of four and we had marlin's on decades x 30 followed by a meaningless game marlin's at the expo is seven oh five tonight
I bet you there'd be a whole bunch of people of that game and lunch you're on
Can't do the baseball game now here's a colony you're gonna love
Doug Thompson who's the founder and publisher of capital hill blue, which is a fine website by the way all we're fine rights
Iraq is the real issue of this election
It's taken far too long with campaign 2004 finally got around issues in the century
When little over a month ago George W. Bush and John F. Keri still talk about their war records
But at least it's the current war over in Iraq now what did or didn't happen to be a non over three decades ago
Like most Americans I no longer give a damn what either of these men did 35 years ago
I'm more concerned about what they'll do over the next four years
That's what matters in the central issue of this campaign should be that damn war in Iraq were more than a thousand
Americans have died along with countless Iraqi civilians and where God knows how many moral parish before we find a way out of the
Quagmire
Of course as it happens too often when another country decides to impose its will on another we just can't pack up the humvees and leave
Iraq is a mess politically economically socially and otherwise the sounds of car bombs and mortar attacks fill the air daily
An intel report that managed to find its way public before the Bushpin masters could sanitize it says the country is on the verge of all-out civil war
We promised your back ease freedom and gave them chaos
We promised back that peace and turned it into bayroot a year ago the president of the United States flew on to an aircraft carrier and proclaimed mission accomplished
We now know that it was anything but
Bush's secretary of state the more principled colon Powell admits Iraq is a mess. Yes, it's getting worse
Powell said on ABC's this morning with George step off of this stuff on top of this this past Sunday
This of course sent the spinners at 1600 pens scrambling
But they couldn't fight away to soften what Powell said the man who knows a hell of a lot about war
Than either of the presidential contenders summed up the situation in four words. Yes, it's getting worse
We've been in these cragmires before vietnam career Bosnia Lebanon and every case without a decent exit strategy
While our leaders stumbled over each other trying to find a politically feasible way to get out more americans died
This is a will in Iraq
But as either George w. Bush or John carry off or wait to get out of this mess without leaving Iraq worse off
And it was when Bush decided to invade the country last year not really
Bush defends his actions against mounting evidence his reaction after going to war was wrong
His strategy for winning the hearts and minds of Iraqis flawed and his exit strategy non-existent
Carrie who was a senator voted to let Bush wage the war tries to play both sides of the fence saying he voted to give the
President the authority to go to war but if he'd been present he wouldn't have gone to war
A big distinction that only adds to the public perception that he goes with whatever direction of political wind happens to blow
And while we spend billions of what we be in no one scenario and more and more americans come home and coffins
What some of it ladens terror network regroups and grows secure in the knowledge that nation preoccupied with an ill-conceived war in Iraq cannot deploy its limited resources
The stopping madman who flourish elsewhere
What some is attacked on this country on 9-11-2001 brought this country together in a united stand against the common enemy for a while
Are we seldom made a tougher for another sex attack to stun the nation
But George w. Bush's attack on Iraq three years ago later tore this country apart left it divided bitter and angry
And an easier target for those who want to destroy our way of life
John Kerry along with too many other lemons in congress voted to let him do it
We need a strong leader to put this country back together
Unfortunately the presidential ballot we consider on November 2nd does not offer a strong leader as a choice
Boy is that well said or what huh
comment
How big of a horn said how you do
You don't think that's right on target. He's got some right on it. Yes, he does
It is one halibut pathetic oh by the way never shooting in Detroit
The bakery centers like three people of insharners a bunch of stuff going on
Oh, look at this the CNN producers read how was sitting in president yasser arabat's
Fattah movement that we have spoken to representatives from Fattah who denied that any of their members were involved with this at all
And as you heard reaud say
Palestinian president yasser arabat was very much involved in trying to win
Reads release now he also said he was interrogated by his abductors
They asked him about his background reaud is an Arab a member of an arabic speaking minority the druse community a non-Jewish
Community inside israel it's a community that is yeah good
He's CNN producer been freed and another crazy American
watching shootings in Detroit just symbols stuff, you know
844 votes on at pull five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighty on the horizon
Our list and singular right this line. You know what I just said yes some like it
Actually, I'm like in some calls this are oh, I still have a pilot don't let me forget at the end of the show since you've done such a forejob
Or reminding me about that technical glitch every time to hit the bypass. I think that's what we need a mistake is a bypass
quadruple
Diana calm. We'll get back to a little later on Diana
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. what ever sounds dead
It I told you I have some like Reverend Joe. W.A.M. Hello
Five more days to the doctor's role. I made it for the playoff
Ha ha go back to New Yorkown with your sour attitude, but you're right
And I got news for when the seasons started they were limited from the playoffs boy you talk about a smelly elimination
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Yes, just Neil sounds like me
Hey, Neil. I've been listening to you show an hour to the last couple weeks as he's been on the air
And uh all these years I've voted Republican I'm actually thinking of going the other way. Oh
And voter never cred too. Yes. Yes sir
Excellent. I have to do do no research on the internet and stuff
I bet that was wrong last time when my friends always raised me Republican as this is how to fit them all
What's all the day know man in fact when they take you one thing you know they're full of crap
What do you open pally?
So yeah one board on your side. All right, thanks. Take care. Have a good day. I do like that. There's one
Just like the way we build a Q.A.M. audience as a matter of fact the reason that Stern didn't show up and had trended all
Was because that the sports was a vanishing like I told you and nobody knew Stern was on the station
In fact, I guarantee you there's probably a significant percentage of the Howard Stern audience
Don't know he's on this radio station. Hey, how about a little promotion air for this big deal, huh?
I'm gonna like some billboards and some big
Splash on TV there are big campaigns something like that
For the hired hands that could treat it so rudely and inconsiderably see one thing about this company man
It doesn't make any difference what you do for them how much money you make for them
They still you know you're you never do enough for them
They still treat you with that throttle. You're still the enemy. You're just the old pain in the ass
Unless of course you're in that inner circle of buttlickers
Which I guess Tom Zick is trying to get into how is the Gary started doing speaking of that great say to lightly
Yeah, he's a quite a bright guy
Somebody can weigh him. Oh
Q.A. Am hello
Somebody Q.A. Am how you doing? Okay
I've been looking to you a few weeks to the little little little little hurricane bastard things
Um, you hear about the for else
What about him about the switch to a Mexican radio station now?
Yeah, that's that's ancient news. I don't know. All right. I'll see you in what was he doing now? You have enough time
Even now man, what do you have like a gospel thing where they use a chat on there? Yeah, I know what on there
And they see me do XM with the epineano fears of them
Well, that's a man he needs a good luck for radio needed baby. A. L.A. He's done. He's all about a Swiss format on
As a guy who you know he's he's I'm using and entertaining his own disgusting agonizing
Aggravating way, but the fact that a matter is he's got a death wish didn't we say that easy in times and
And the guy that was so fascinated with him at city like magazine
I'm pretty sure it wasn't worth a big puff piece about him
He in the artfully said it's just a matter of time before we like uh
Rose up and it's all over and of course couple months later bye-bye, you know, he just he can't stop
Kind of like Moan in a different way. Just can't stop
56705 60 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
I think we're gonna make our thousanders. Sorry. I think I think so
Let's take a peek at it
Eats history like I said I'm think we're gonna make it you post better get with it get on that pool and hop on it
WQ a.m. Hello
What do you want to talk about puss
Anything
Call the bird okay, that's the guy trying to do bird you and you there talking about anything
You sound like a real puss get lost WQ a.m. Hello
On you, sir, you think we could have a conversation about you know no can't and by the way, I hope you die Reverend Jones
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey today, but he called about the fact weight of the weekend about Ohio
Um the new voter registration
And they said for the GOP in Ohio the new voter registration was up 25%
Yeah, except for the democrats is up 250% right
So how come in all the poll show that bushes ahead no higher sir
Okay, it's likely voters
It's what I feel anyway. I don't have all the answers
But I think it's likely voters and this election is gonna you gonna see more first time voters and
flackers and all that you're coming out because everybody's pretty well picked off
I'm open. I think these pools are made up man. I think that somebody is holding a gun to the posters head
These these pools are bogus
Well all the corporates all the big corporations want bush, you know by common to be all that but uh and keep don't forget keep channel man
Don't forget them axe murderers grave robbers
I gotta get people off to vote and gotta get them out move on die the world move on pack
Whatever we can. Let's get them get push out push
When it don't get them off baby. Okay, good luck to
Start knocking on the doors right now just like Xavier Suarez only not in your bathroom
But three in the morning's not a good idea kind of this is people off a little bit
Feel spectacular in that in LA for a creus murder
Do we really care about Phil Spector anymore? I care about her
Legendary wall sound record producer Phil Spector was in died in yesterday
I charged that he murdered actor is lana Clarkson was found shot to death with his home 19 months ago
God didn't I told you
Police found the 40-year-old Clarkson star of such b-wereases the barbarian queen and Amazon woman on the moon shot dead in the
Fourier specter's home on February 3rd 2003
Spector 53 who produced songs for the Beatles and for I can see the Turner has claimed that Clarkson killed herself by putting a gun in a mouth and firing it
But police said that an instant investigation showed that he had shot her
An autopsy before it was for fun at the top line at Pacific killed by a single gun shot
After the weapon was placed in her mouth
Spector who was free I had a wonderful line for that but choice one like it. I'm gonna move right on
Right specter whose free on a million dollar bail created innocent of the charge or in court appearance in LA
Prosecutors said police on blood and gunshot residue on specter is well-seventant
He had cleaned and moved the gun after the shooting they said the reclusive music producer at the history of pointing guns of people
Spector painted the magazine interview that Clarkson killed herself
Gaudiaudiaudi in the picture
In the water are still singing be my baby. I love that song. Can't find it anywhere
Throughout your summer is it around there? I don't know. Oh, let's play it several times. So whenever we can find it
Or in our full specter when they all identify it
1113 at 560 WQM guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you eat all your financing needs
If you're a first-time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out
They're definitely your best choice your guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service
This is not only their promise. It's a Guadantee. So call them today at 1 800
734
66 16 at guaranteed mortgage bankers their goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers
They did just that with a couple who just moved down recently from New Jersey hadn't started their new jobs yet
But find a house they loved the couple had lived in South Florida for more than a week
They have little money to put down one at close in 10 days and guess what guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the virus needs
In order to close on time and they were able to give them 95% financing at an unbelievable rate
That's a really unbelievable rate of just 5.95% and listen to this guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients on a fabulous
Seven-night cruise is still way of saying thank you for choosing them and giving them your business
guaranteed mortgage bankers no loans too bigger too small
Bed credit or good credit. They work with me to get you the loan you need
guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today
1 800 734 66 16 that's 1 800
734 6 6
1 6
You are a season meal Roger
6 schools
6 schools
8 AM
Oh my god your breasts are beautiful
Congratulations get alive
Your vote is automatically
As you made it by the viewers that the G.O.P have been a few days and times no success
That's just the O.P.
School is again
That's the brother governor that's gone
That's the brother that's gone
That's the brother that's been a few days and times no success
I don't think so
That's just the O.P.
School is again
Oh
The citizen
The Swiss bad person
You
Get
They
My
Oh
First
I push
I

Because you feel the rise of all of your youth
Right, you should support if I go round
Round, round, round, round, round, round,
Right, you can't see, right, you're not meant to go
Right, you're not meant to go, right, you're not
Round, round, round, round, round,
And set forth on those spinning bars
And bounce a willing gold pattern
Or when you go like it's made for push-through
When it unlocks like it's not gold-knit-thug
My shifty-o-con's through a city
And so, that's what we've been saying
So, that's what we've been saying
So, that's what we've been saying
894 ports on our pool, who are you going to hold for?
It's a five-way from a election day
And we're not going to make it to 1000
Unless we get another 106 between now and two
We do it, huh? They can do it. No chance.
We're going to have to really step on it
Just like the kind of way I'd like to step on Mattie Bell in the water-nazi
Anyway, I'm voting Roxanne for Cary 633.70.8%
Almost 71% of this is to the audience. They're going to do it
And you better get out there and do it several times, by the way
To make sure it gets counted at least once
I'm voting Roxanne for Bush 97.10.8%
To them, OK, Raspberry's
I'm leaning to Cary 46. I'm not eligible to vote 26. I'm leaning to Bush 26
Did I get that right? I'm leaning to Cary 46. I'm leaning to Bush 26.
Don't give me 25. I'll go for native 23. I found a 2.5%.
See when you threaten them with death. All of a sudden they say, well, maybe it's not worth it
And I'm not voting 18.2% of 894
I'm sure by now they're gone from their QM van
They should be, but we haven't heard anything
We haven't heard? Well, I don't want to encourage these people to go or schlep out there and then fight out that they're not there
I think they just probably left
They're not calling you and giving you an update or an uptack or anything like that?
No
Well, what's that all about?
Don't know
What kind of a horseball operation is as well? That's a rhetorical question
Anyway, here's an interesting thing. Susan Cooper Eastman of Citizens for legitimate government rights
Janet Link has been thinking about George W. Bush a lot lately
32 years ago her late husband, Jen Peter Link served briefly in the Texas Air National Guard's 11th Fighter Interceptor Squadron
Bush's service in the same squadron has gotten plenty of mention in the election year
I don't know what you did during the Vietnam War, a suddenly elitimistic character
But Link claims she knows part of the story that nobody's mentioned
According to Link, a Jacksonville resident and artist, Bush's flying career was permanently disabled by a crippled fear of flying
Link's husband was admitted to the Texas Guard in the summer 1972 to replace Bush
President Bush has said that he stopped flying fighter jets because the Alabama Guard unit didn't have jets
And he wanted transferred to Alabama to work on a political campaign
The link says he heard a different story from her husband and Bush's squad commander
The late Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killian
Shortly after her husband joined the Texas unit, Link says the couple discussed Bush's service with Killian on the social event
Contrary to some news reports that suggest Killian admired Bush, Link says the officer didn't have much use for the young lieutenant
He mentioned that Bush appeared with a drinking problem she recalls, but he was most offended by another incapacity, his fear of flying
According to Link, Killian said Bush was grounded in his fourth year of flying and after he became the capable flying or properly landing a plane
He was mucking up bad Killian told us, Link says he just became afraid to fly
Killian has become a major figure in the Bush's unfolding guard day with the enradiatiati
But flight logs released by the White House three weeks ago in response to the lawsuit by the AP
Show a strange retraction of Bush's airtime around that period
In February and March of 1972, Bush was from flying F-102A fighter jets
Which the guard used to patrol US borders to wait to seek T-33 train jet
His superior is also returning to flight simulator practice sessions
The record suggests the extra training sessions didn't help
Law showed that in March and April of 1972, Bush twice needed multiple tries to land the F-102 fighter
Days later on April 16, Bush piloted a plane for the Texas air national guard for the last time
He just couldn't cut it and says, Link, I was led to believe he was kind of a coward
Folio Weekly was able to reach two former Bush squadmates in Texas, both of whom declined to be interviewed
In May of 1972, Bush left Texas, he headed to Alabama, where he requested assignment with the postal reserve unit
Bush's request was initially denied that August of 1972, Killian stripped Bush of his flying duties for offending the take annual physical
And September he was ordered to take an administrative post with the Alabama Guard
Killian sent him to Alabama to fly this, she recalls, and he never showed up
In Alabama, Bush's fellow guardsmen have said they don't remember ever seeing him
Fort Link, W. X. auxiliary services become a very personal flashpoint
Link's husband died while serving the Texas Guard in 1973 after drinking at the officers club
He nodded off at the wheel drove into a lake and drowned
Link was 27 years old with a three-year-old son
She said she didn't know much about who W. was then, his family wasn't on the national radar
Who were told his father was a very wealthy Texan with CIA connections
After Bush became present to the swelling sounds of military music and war cries, Link found herself unable to shake her memory of Bush's abrupt departure from military
When she saw him swoop onto an aircraft carrying a wearing a green flight suit, she thought about that 72th conversation with Killian
But it wasn't until after the swiftboat boat veterans for truth ads questioning John Kerry's military service began airing in Jacksonville that she became incents and decided to speak up
At least Kerry served, she says, Bush stepped aside. Anyone else who was a wall like that would have been in 11th worth and the hearing is present in the United States
Link who voted for George Bush's dad and since she's not anti-Busher anti-Republican but she's unhappy with W's presidency
After the passage of the Patriot Act Link and the girlfriend made t-shirts that said one nation understood valence
And in early September after seeing a swiftboat ads, she went to the Duval come Democratic Party headquarters to pick up Kerry Edward signs and chose to volunteer her story
Democratic Party officials contacted Folio weekly the same day, Link spoke to Folio weekly before the White House police pushed his flight logs which appeared to substantiate her story
Unlike his mom, Link's son Chris supports President Bush but he doesn't doubt her version of events
If she says it happened that's good enough for me, he says he notes that flying fighter jets is a dangerous job and not everyone's got the middle so he doesn't doubt that Bush could have lost his nerve
But Chris Link's faith in the president remains unshaken when he goes to the polls in November he says I'll still be voting for him, see you how
How do you like that?
Yeah, he has lost his faith in this spineless coward this chicken-ock along with his other buddies who never spent one day in the military
Have no problem at all, no, no climbs whatsoever about setting up thousands and thousands of young people into a battle to die in a meaningless war based on lies
But why should that affect anybody's opinion right?
He's a great leader, he's a great courageous leader who goes like that a lot and every now and then let's all be cutie like
Abu Ghar Raid
Meeraaners, mornings and meetings and sports of round-of-clock and fighting
We're here
Let me tell you that the five-six-oh WQA
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Public Association
Let's face, most of us will never be rich, hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns
They scared this **** out of people and intimidated them and they're giving you whatever you want
That's right hand guns, think about it
Need some cash? Rubber bank
Don't have enough money for fear? All of the convenience store takes chips and pretzels wire at it
It's all free and you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Deal!
It's a simple solution of life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? Find a damn thing up the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working from south and be considered a population control
Yes, hand guns, they just might make your face
That's the American way
Amen! Sir, as the latest Detroit police officer today for a man who opened fire and he tried to come to the home dangerous center
Critically wounding three people including a three-year-old child
Police Chief Ella Bully Cummings
Is that a great deal?
No, not great
I want to show Ella's kind to Bully Bully
Bully
Ella Bully Cummings told reporters that the man was wearing a black jacket and black pants and was carrying a steel blue automatic gun
She said two women ages 41 and 22 were shot worker in critical condition in addition to the three-year-old
A seventh-uncle was also in critical condition probably as a result of being dropped to Chief said
Oh, that's nice, a little collateral damage there
It appears as though this is not random bully Cummings said of the shooting
She said when this is reported that the man came to the door words were sent in the man went inside shooting
There you go, like I said the mercant effin way
I'm not promoting the thing if the band is still out there
That's their bad, they're loose us
And speaking of bad, this is so stupid
Leave it to the brits who are always full of Schmidt
And the merc is the same thing
Some king-sized troughard bars will be cut down the size in Britain next year's leading food manufacturers respond to growing pressure about portion distortion and rising levels of obesity
portion distortion, look at it, right? I like that
If you oversize snacks some weighing as much as 100 grams, three and a half ounces and containing 387 calories will be cut into two shareable portions
Wow, what a concept
I hate to break the news to you, but Snickers already does that, he how well, right?
As if
Go ahead, as if, you're well, let me just finish this silly crap
The move follows fast food giant McDonald's decision to add salads with traditional hamburger and fries menu
And to provide pedometers and adult happy meals so you can put it on your foot and see how many children you molest
We're changing the format, it'll become shareable and delivered in two pieces said Mark Read of Master Foods
Which on Monday announced it would cut the size of Mars and Snickers, they're going to chop it in half
He told Roy to the decision was companies' contribution to Britain's food and drink federation's manifesto to address portion size
No more portion distortion
The federation published industries these sponsor of the obesity epidemic yesterday
The plan addresses several issues including a new approach to portion size to reduce overconsumption labeling, advertising to children, bending and public education
The audio, audio, the birds are getting fat, the Americans are getting fat, Canadians are getting fat all over the world are getting fat
Because we're exporting all of this poison all over the world, it's great
So the idea that your candy bar and you know, and be the same amount, there'll still be three and a half ounces of whatever the portion is
But over the beast's split in two easy to share portions
Right, here we go, you like to have my Snickers bar, how about half of my Mars bar over my dead body?
Right, yeah, fat chance, even if they just sell half of it, you'll just buy two
And of course you noticed that in recent New Year's because they were working so feverishly to cut down on this overconsumption and people dying from being fed
That we've now got king size everything, you've got king size Snickers bars and king size Mars bars and king size O Henry bars
Oh Henry, right, oh that's O Henry
So I rest my case, it's all a put dog and pony show to try to convince the public we're doing all these good things for you
So we're trying to be good citizens of the planet and good corporate, yeah right, with the conscience
Now how's that thing coming, I know we're going to get to the 1000 with no sweat at all, all that took a lot of prodding and pleading and pushing
But then we don't start till whatever, we started with 940 this morning, there are both, very 40
I mean 1040?
Yes, excuse me, cool, well that was central time
971, we need to get to 1000 by 2 o'clock and then we win the prize, I don't know what it is, but we win the prize
And then for good boys and girls and we get to get that new piece of equipment in here tomorrow that might keep us from getting that
I'll take a little bit of going off
It's un-eirical we got through it, we only had like, well just a 1 or 2, just the 1, I'll get the 1 during the show
And then we had 1 or 2, we allowed the blast, easy for the show
Luckily we don't want to have those on here too much, but Joyce confused those with fart sounds and she just was ballistic over there
I think that's why the whole part of my check back, we were there till tomorrow
Say if I'd Joyce, Joyce is probably like went to accounting, it's an act son of a bitch, are you even letting him have his screw his life up
Screw you Joyce, humorless bitch
Anyway, John Nichol's rights in the nation, I see you have time for this, yeah I've got time
A lot of reading today, a lot of bedtime stories, do I apologize for that?
No, no, good stuff, important stuff, five weeks to the election day and those people would like you more than three
Those people are sick and tired of fascism, those people are sick and tired of having their children and brothers and nephews and everybody else
Sit over to die as human sacrifices by the chicken ox, by the neocons, I grew up like a fascist lunatic
Those people are trying to watch their freedoms disappear
Those people will get out there and vote, I think it could be like a real surprise, not an October surprise, but a November 2 surprise
Maybe that call would be for was right
Not to mention the thing about the overseas ballots, which are going to be millions this year
People will have them voted in 20 or maybe even 30 or 40 years, they're going to be voting because they're pissed off and fired up
Another than an orthodox Yiddler, they're in Israel, who of course suck it up to anybody who smiles at them
Who throws them a little free halibut, everybody else is going to be voting for Kerry
Not because they like him so much as we all pointed out, but because the alternative is really a scary
So anyway, John Nichol's rights, the main halibutin, George W. Bush is ready to debate John Kerry
The chronically underestimated president who invariably prevails and face-to-face showdowns with his general election opponents, has been cramming for weeks
According to Bush aides, the president listens to tape-securies pass-to-bait performances and speeches while he's traveling and doing his daily workouts
He's imported a lanky boring New Englander, New Hampshire, US Senator Judd Gregg to play the role of Kerry during practice debates at the branching crowd for Texas
And he's now memorizing poll-tested one-liners, crafted to devastate the Democratic challenger and captures the headlines on the day after Thursday's debate in World Gables, Florida
For his part, Kerry is prepping at a resort in Wisconsin after two weeks of honing and increasingly aggressive message regarding the crisis in Iraq and the mismanaged war on terrorism
Now go into the first of three critical debates, feeling confident, that if all Kerry does his wrestle, Bush for the tough on-tear metal, that confidence will prove misplaced
In a foreign policy debate that plays out within the lines defined by what House Policials our Carl Rowe, the best Kerry can hope for is a draw
Prodictable punches will not offset Bush's delivery of the simple basic themes, battling against evil, taking the fight to the terrorist, safer now than on 9-11, that have allowed him to maintain relatively broad support in the face of increasingly awful news from around the world
So not Bush off message, Kerry will need to come into the debates with a message for which Bush is unprepared and Kerry will have to hammer away on that message until it supplants Bush's monters in the mind of the owning public
So what should Kerry talk about? One word, Haliburton
Kerry should make the crony capitalism that's allowed by President Dick Cheney's corporation to become the dominant player in the management of the box-stock occupation and reconstruction of Iraq, a part of every answer to every question
The Democrats should explain to Americans again and again and again that one of the primary explanations for the fact that the U.S. invasion of Iraq is turned out badly is the determination of this administration to assure that Haliburton be the primary profiteer in the region
No corporations gain more from the invasion of Iraq than Haliburton since the war began, it's moved from number 19 on the U.S. Army's list of top contractors to number 1
Last year the company pocketed $4.2 billion in U.S. taxpayer dollars and that's merely to take so far
The company's Kellogg Brown and Root subsidiaries collected with the Washington Post describes as one of the contracting plums of the war
A classified no bid deal worth up to $7 billion to do with the restoration work
Yet by any measure Haliburton and KBR have done a horrible job of managing the occupying in the reconstruction
The company has been investigated and refined for wrongdoing and a few days go by without new evidence surfacing to suggest that Haliburton is either massively corrupt or massively in it or and this is the most likely explanation of messy combination of the two
Things are so bad that Haliburton officials are not talking about spitting off KBR in order to try to salvage what's left of the parent company's reputation
KBR has promised that as present I will stop companies like Haliburton from profiting at the expense of our troops and taxpayers referencing that fact that Cheney continues to receive money from Haliburton
178,000 plus in 2003 alone KBR adds I will stop companies from receiving no bid contracts from the government when the president or vice president still receiving compensation from that company
That's a message KBR should take into the debate
Bush wants to talk about fighting against evil KBR should oblige him by forcing the president to address the evil of war profiteering and the crime of handing no bid contracts to the company that's fund money into the vice president's bank account
Pretty good question on little generation as usual, anybody paying attention? No, but at least it made me feel better anyway
It's a little ruckus, it's lucidly unbicycle, and we am
KBR will the caring girls are hot, I really think so as soon as they go close
And their eyes are free and so is their hair, it's too bad they got their dead nose
The push-twins are so smokin' when they make those campaign styles
They got their looks back from their mouth they got their drinks in from their mouth
I wish they all could be politicians, you wish they all could be politicians, I wish they all could be politicians girls
Well the actresses and models they just don't deal with for me
Yeah, most girls in the whole white world I like to want to live in the sea
Just a second, I wish they all could be politicians, you wish they all could be politicians
Yeah, I do think we get up on the boat to the old press and you were in a panic, you were in a cold sweat
I think I get a thousand bucks for only answering hours and 20 minutes
I'm tall doctor
Well I think this probably is a record for us because we only had a three hour and 20 minutes show
And we got like 15 to go so it's like just over three hours over a thousand votes
I didn't like that
I think deal
1021 votes, well it's not bad considering only one out of one every 50 year zillion people can actually vote on it
Asperciac was an AOL crap
Right, well do we hate AOL or what?
Yeah, man they suck
Anyway, 1021 votes, the election is five weeks from today which of these is used
I'm voting rock solid for carry 727, 71.2% rock solid for carry
I'm voting rock solid for push 105 10.2% rock solid for the a Nazi and chief
I'm leaning to carry 54, I don't give a shmit 33, I'm leaning to bush 32, oh for baby
I'm not eligible to vote 26, I'll vote for Nader 27, 23, down to 2.2%
Nader's got a 2-2, how much he'd look lovely in it
And I'm not voting 21, 2.2%
How do you like that?
I think we made a little bit of a turn around, are you a supporter of mine to read Diana's call today?
Oh hey, he read Diana's call today
Okay
Now who the hell is Diana? Her name is Diana Sigfried, not related to Sigfried and
Braw! I don't think
How is the what's his name doing?
Oh Braw!
I'm so tired of hearing about that yet, anybody that's stupid enough to do stupid pet tricks for living with a tiger
Right, right?
Well they asked for it
Exactly, they were, they've been taunting those baby animals for years now and finally said okay you actually were finding we're going to give you what's yours
The tiger's got to sign up for that so they probably weren't like down with the program
Right, screamer, anyway
Diana shoots him up, this is in the globe, which is a tabloid and you say, who cares about what a calmness writes in the tabloid
When you hear this, she just puts her thumb right on it
She says, by George, he's got nerve
In her explosive new book, author Kitty Kelly calls President Bush a liar
This is news?
Just look at this so-called war on terror
Initially I supported it very very reluctantly
I might add choosing to believe that if decent intelligence people such as Colin Powell and Tony Blair believed it was the right move
Then they obviously knew more than they're telling us
And so be it, the public is not entitled to know everything that's going on
Now all I know is too many people are coming home either in bits or in body bags and for what?
Does anyone even talk about Osama anymore?
Wasn't he the terror we were looking to eliminate?
But back to this book, the family, the real story of the Bush dynasty, which surprised the prize, has got the Bush camp up in arms
While going to battle is their first impulse
Kelly claims, W. was a shy, charmed, vuser, and a drugie who thumbed his nose at the honor of the presidency
by repeatedly snorting cocaine to camp David when his dad, George Sr. held the highest office in land
Years earlier in the 70s, George, he boy-arranged for a pregnant girlfriend to have an abortion
But then he had already developed an inseparable relationship with alcohol that began since the celebrity biographer
when he struggled academically in boarding school
The booze also came in handy with the ladies, and the acquaintance recalls George couldn't relate to when unless he was loaded
Kelly sources the tribute substance abuse to a suspension from flying during a stint in the National Guard, although relevant documents are mysteriously missing from the record, it gets worse
The author claims that George was at times so abusive to wife Laura, she fled their home several times
The police were never involved, probably because of some arm twisting by the powerful Bush clan
Not that she was a innocent either it seems, according to Kelly, Ms. Prim was the go-to girl from Arrow One during her college days
Now, I don't care that a president drunkard did drugs, I don't care that he or she, I'm ever hopeful, helped permanent impregnancy
I'd rather have someone real in the office, someone human who's made mistakes, who's lived a little or a lot, and who can relate to people as flawed as we all are
Better than that, better that than some sanctimonious straight arrow who looks down on you and me
What gets me if any of Kelly's claims are true is that Bush doesn't admit to his past feelings, though his present ones, and has the gall to slam his opponents for lesser evils
Sure, spin doctors have the sense to tell him to fess up to boozing that goes down smooth with his veer-guss on gun-tote and supporters, especially after throwing the religion crap
Please
These supporters blast that Kelly's blockbuster book is outrageous and deliberately time to affect the upcoming election
Well duh, but they can just calm themselves down right now because the sad truth is Bush ain't going nowhere
Far as I can tell the majority of the voting public favors tax cuts for the rich, higher healthcare costs, fewer jobs, a senseless expensive war or grandchildren will still be paying for
A gazillion dollar deficit that is threatened the environment and an educational system that's the shame of the free world
And no book no matter how sensational is going to change that
But that is so perfect there she lays it all out there for right right there at the end in the last program
Every single issue is a is a minus taking a multi-trillion dollar surplus trading into a multi-trillion dollar deficit in four years
Yeah, but the environment could have come on a hand basket
Oh, we don't have to worry about about the global warming there is no such thing now with that Kyoto treaty we don't want to be stuck in that or any other tree that anybody ever signed
Every single issue is in the negative and the American public the geniuses that they are 54% approval rating only 44% disapproved
And air me pull now shows him either with like you know a slight lead or a big lead or like maybe galloping away when a George Gallop lead
But you ever see me
Don't you ever worry
You and your sleep were going down
Well, by my mom business daddy's don't just don't know
When it's time to function for the pain in human being
We're about to love our future
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
All together all together all together
How we divine
How we guiding
Life
In a lightning field
Up to our wings
We're about to be lost in fire
We're about to be lost in fire
Man in the wall her st wad
 hun honey
threads
one
one
one
one
Oh, where's Brian?
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, no, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man,
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, we love love that even happen, we love love that hold Jen our relationship,
choose
back
haha
