Where is Ms L?
Her infections installs!
10.42 at 5.60 W.D. Cremates a little warm up time for the near-roads of your show.
And now let's do the deal, because that was just about as we've ever had.
What was that all about?
They told me to come by when I was on.
Really?
A few seconds away from the time they hit the ID from the day I was on.
What the hell was that?
Just to keep you on your test.
Josh, well I'm not on my test, I'm on my fat ass.
How do you like that?
Anyway, now what's the deal with the brakes? Are we doing both brakes?
We're just drawing a brake or a weak brake.
It's going to be a weak brake.
Now is it a weak brake or are we going to get in the live spots?
Because, see, we're not doing a show at 11 o'clock for anybody who's been absent without leaving.
So we just kind of like fill in the time.
If you have an appointment to call between now and 11 o'clock, you better get your calls aligned up.
So when we come back from the weak brake, we can get to you.
Then 11 o'clock will start with our business.
I will say that now that I'm not saying it.
I don't want to tip our hand.
I'm talking about right.
Don't tip a can of it.
Don't give no information that we're going to start with 11 o'clock.
Because then the people that tune into the 11 o'clock actually hear the show are like, what's going on?
That's what was happening, I guess, for a while there until I finally wised up.
And said, hey, screw this man.
This is a staggered starting time.
As we join the list of the QM Screw E's, man.
Let's do that poll again.
I went over really big.
Sure.
Especially with management.
1044 Happy Thursday, 2 o'clock, the Mad Dog, 2.
Joseph Gackie for the Humpwritz 4.
That's a sad.
Joseph Gackie stuck.
Yeah, we know.
A Hercune hotline at 7 o'clock, the big, the corner that could point in beach from on his
fast face at 9 o'clock in any K from 11 to 2.
Very strange.
Schedule.
Right now I'd like to tell you about my friends over at Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers in Gearfield Beach.
With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently, these folks shopped out a list of ours who never dreamed that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home.
Not only would they be able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options
as to the type of mortgages he could get and work closely with him to determine which was best and then made it happen.
As Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers in Gearfield Beach, you can reach him toll free at 1-800-734-6616.
Whether you be looking for an interest only low on a 30-year fixed rate or whether they may lower rate adjustable mortgages,
Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers in Gearfield Beach has exactly what you're looking for.
The off-field payments is lowest, 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow.
Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers not only will they make it happen for your mortgage, but they can also send you out of crews and they will.
Because after closing your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers in Gearfield Beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises, compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers, what's not to like.
Call him right now 1-800-734-6616. Whether you're looking to buy a new home and investment property, we finance your current mortgage.
Kim McCall 1-800-734-6616 or look him up on the web at Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers.com.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Vancers, Gearfield Beach where you'll be treated just like family 1-800-734-6616.
We were the need of pizza and the fans of the real and we've got a spane with my positive attitude.
We were cruising through the road, getting funky understand. We were smoking for the new world and the new land.
We were talking for America, I fed man, I fed this, at least until lunch and I got lotion to him.
Having stopped looking for land and looked for nails or a place to hang our head over the rails.
What we was ailing on our hands and knees, feeling grounded, suddenly our heart is working, you're crazy about it.
Man what a sight to behold, I said you mean land, how we said no, I'm a stubborn, the pet too big for us.
1049-560-WQ-A-M, it's our little warm-up segment between Ever Howard and Robert and Bob Abooe and Arnie and everybody decided to go home and we decided to fill it in to love it or fly.
Not much to fill today though.
No, we don't have like a long express distance, we got another break and a strong break I believe is it a strong break or a weak break?
Yeah, it's a strong break.
It's a strong break at the 1056. We'd like to give you an impact, what we'll do is we'll give you all the times for the breaks.
Oh God, what's this say here from Bill and Ford Lauderdale?
According to the spot this morning on QA, it was about 75, 55 this morning, AM.
There's a World Series watch party night at the Yale House. Well there you go, yeah go cars, maybe they'll score one but I doubt it.
What a pathetic World Series huh? Nice going on to your Red Sox fans out there which I haven't had done in many.
But Ford, I was just boring. No excitement, no nothing, right?
I agree. I mean I guess you don't get it over with fast, Cardinals just rolled over and played dead.
And now one of the Red Sox fans gonna bitch about, I mean they've been hanging on to this thing since 1918 for the bambino curse and what we're gonna do now.
And now what are they gonna cry about? So it's gonna be a big and a wingman sweep this year.
The Patriots go on undefeated win the Super Bowl and then the Red Sox have already won the World Series and then of course next Tuesday, Carrie wins the election.
So what's not to like? 5, 6, 7, you don't have to have an appointment by the way.
We only have about five or six minutes here if you have something really important first.
What? Well the people that already made an appointment, we should let them in first.
Yeah that's true. If you do have an appointment, we'll put you in the front of the line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count 5, 60 and if we rise them singular wireless lines, I don't see much going on there.
QA M, hello. QA M.
I'm the one who's the BNC.
Okay, was week yesterday it's even week three today, okay? You're prosthetic.
I think that's the high end paladin. I'm not really sure which retard that is.
You know, it's the load of flames that he voted.
Yeah, listen up. That's good news though. So let him vote to let anybody vote.
WDQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Okay great.
QA M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing my friend?
All right.
Hey, let me tell you that was one of the absolute most important.
We got a whole bunch of colors logged in with the appointments to call in today.
Everything is beautiful now, see?
Oh, we're fine.
No thanks to, well the Nucleheads. They just, they had no idea. They just jumped right in.
Don't look down there in the pool to see if there's any water.
And it just jumped from that 30th store story at Winnie.
Maybe 25 of it.
Maybe 25 of it is to make sure Barbara Carrera Carrera is our beaten criminal.
They she was born to 731 1951, which makes her an old bag.
Makes her 53 almost 52 and three turds.
I think she was born in Managua, Nicaragua.
But whatever I have to do is about the Cassada and out of squeak.
Go ask Kid Perry what happened on a squeak and a big fat ass.
He didn't, he said she had a great ass, right?
He did say that.
He did say.
Anyway, she's old bag.
But the picture we got is from some time back in a safe fine photo of you asked me.
And believe me, I know.
She was in Paradise.
Yes.
She was in Paradise?
I don't remember.
There must have been more than one movie named Paradise.
Well, this isn't the Paradise with Billy Eames and your girlfriend there.
He be case.
He be case.
Panic.
2001.
She was in Puku, CA.
She was out to the rescue, waking up Horton.
Now, of course, was about Tim Horton.
Or maybe it was about Willie Horton and Michael Ducakis.
So, it was about Horton, the elephant.
Love is all there is.
The Rockford Files Godfather knows best that was a TV idea deal.
Of course, Russian roulette Moscow 95 saw bones.
None of the archer, trist, pointed impact.
Well, she's got a lot of good stuff here.
She was even an Emma Queen of the South seas.
I remember that Queen.
Lakota Moon, murder in Paradise.
I wonder if that Queen was going to build them all.
Under Achievers, Dallas Wildeys, two sons of the past, never say never again.
James Bondio.
Lone Wolf McQuade, I have a jury, Condor Man, Masada.
Oh, now we can't fight Isabella Cassada, but we've got Masada.
See?
I wonder if the Kennedy is reate Masada.
What do they say?
Probably a Jew plus.
Okay, so that takes you over your beaten curtain there.
It'll give you something to do for a couple of minutes.
Don't forget, I forgot that we still had it on there.
Can we get that Olympic swimmer with a booby?
Let's get that off of there already.
That's kind of...
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
It is?
Ah, but she's grotesque.
What's the...
I was thinking that...
They've got to get beyond that underneath there.
They're giving a lot more to do all day after this.
They're putting the brain back and bushes ahead.
They can play with the...
Like Mad Dog says, come on and play with these f*** keys.
You know?
So you can't say that no more.
Or...
You can just throw your mouse around on it.
And watch them move.
Here's a lot of really great stories to show what's happened to America.
The Great United, the great compassionate conservative has brought America together
like never before.
Maybe you bet.
I love this story.
West Palm Beach, an 18-year-old marine recruit remained in jail yesterday.
Charged with threatening to stab his girlfriend over her choice for president.
Channel 5 reported in its new broadcast yesterday.
The Analysty, Steven Scott Soeper.
Certainly, hope he's no kidding, our good friend, Fat Bob Soeper.
I'm sure he's not.
No.
Steven Scott Soeper of Lake Worth became enraged to the night.
When his 18-year-old girlfriend said she was leaving him and voting for John Kerry for president.
Soeper, who will enter the Marines as soon as he passes the GED test,
salary supports bush.
Oh, he had some passing GED was got out of camel with a present.
He allegedly told girlfriends they see Celahera.
You'll never live to see the election.
Palm Beach Sheriff's Office deputies called him a home in Lake Worth,
said they had to use a taser and electronic stun gun to subuse Soeper.
He described Soeper as in rage and said he was holding Celahera captive.
He was onto the screwdriver and threatening to stab her in the neck.
They said when Celahera eventually broke free, it had to be fired to taser,
shouting him into submission.
Charged with aggravated assault, soeper remains in jail without bottom until the undergoes
attack yet for the exam.
Channel 5 said, why do you like that?
You're voting for Kerry!
You won't live to the election day, bitch.
Well, that's great news, because now he won't be voting, but she will.
That's a good point.
There's a net one plus for Kerry.
The early voting in Nevada, by the way, carries the head.
I have no idea.
I read that thing this morning.
I don't know if that's illegal, but they're doing it.
How are they counting votes?
How are they counting votes?
They're going to have 7,000 votes ahead to the early voting in the absentee.
I don't get it.
Look at this.
This is good that you just sent.
Well, let me do first.
Boy, we've got too much stuff now, and we only got two hours and 50 minutes left,
minus the next several breaks.
Here's the poll today.
What campaign issue is most important to you?
Now, some people are probably saying, yeah, it's all he talks about anymore.
Is it bullshit, Kerry, and Kerry, but why did all of it be over in a couple of months
when they finished counting their votes and fixing it all up again?
And it'll be a relief when it is.
Oh, yeah, agree with that.
Let's do it now.
What campaign issue is most important to you?
I've got a list.
Iraq, religious extremism, civil liberties, jobs in the economy, Cuba.
Great, right?
Israel, oil, stem cell research, abortion, none.
Get it over with already or the draft.
We've got a lot of votes for none of these.
Get it over with already, enough already with this crap.
Now, what we better do to break, like I said, never do this about voice-moded,
voted movie villain of the year.
We'll see you in the next video.
I wish you a lot of fun.
See you in the next video.
Now, what's so not military?
The shooting's gonna stop.
By the pocket of resistance.
It's getting way too hot.
We've got a lot of strong attacks.
What's out of the block with no one's help?
In a single shooting green,
before someone else gets killed.
We're gonna try to lie this.
Rock it for Lucha.
Rock it for Lucha.
We're gonna lie this.
Rock it for Lucha.
Rock it for Lucha.
By all the wealth of residents.
Don't want troops in that town.
Gonna see spider underway.
What's out of the sense is a world-round.
So push, get enough of this.
Boys I think were done.
That's the SNA.
To the job of shooting off our guns.
This way it won't look like our job failed.
And my real action's nailed.
When we should try to lie this.
Rock it for Lucha.
Rock it for Lucha.
By all the wealth of residents.
Rock it for Lucha.
1118, Bad News and Miraculous.
We're gonna live in Millerton Group 7 on its website.
Today, they're gonna kill 11 more Iraqi National Guard members.
The militants said they'd be hit one of victims in shot 10 others.
The group, the army of Ansar al-Suna,
has spent responsibility for several attacks and kidnappings.
The victims have been seized recently on a highway between Baghdad and Al-Hilla.
They'd be saying.
For more Iraqi soldiers, we're gonna help a job.
Things are really fine.
Just like Dick Taney said, this is one of the greatest themes of work in history.
Now what he said?
Something like that.
Quite the accomplishment.
He put a feather in his aircraft.
Now in London, President George W. Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassion to conservatism.
But film fans have voted him the movie villain of the year.
All right!
The American axis of evil fighter is wooing voters with security pledges ahead of the presidential election Tuesday.
But it was Bush's role in Michael Moore's Furnheit 9-11 film that won him the villainous title.
In a poll for Total Film Magazine, the US leader fought off competition from such well-known baddies as Atomic Scientist Dr. Octopus from Spider-Man 2
and texted another face from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
The overwhelming response of our readers voting Bush Top Villagers goes to show how frightening people found him in film.
The American film, the American man, who was the first to vote for the film, was the first to vote for the film.
The film was absolutely terrifying in that film.
The infamous scene where he's informed about the twin towers attack while visiting a school and since they're absolutely paralyzed,
is enough to strike fear into anyone's heart, he said.
Absolutely correct.
And if you have a little extra time on your hands once you're through looking at Barbara Carrera and moving in boobies around underneath on our V-Depurting page,
you can go back to NeilRigis.com and right there out near the top.
It's a beautiful thing. I love that. That's one of my all-time favorites.
That we ever had on there. We tried to drop the brain into Bush's head.
And if you're looking up to pop that heavy in there, hey, he comes up with some really great information.
He says about to dump stuff.
Oh, speaking of dumb, this could be the greatest facts in the history of the human race.
I want you to strap yourselves in real tight. We got to know that it's not different from JC. You strap it?
I'm talking to the audience now. Oh, oh, oh, we strap them.
It says true story.
I was talking to a young Republican yesterday and by young, I mean about 24.
The conversation soon turned to Hawaii.
When the young lady said without rage, I don't understand why Hawaii gets to vote.
Yeah.
One way if the Bush liquor missed that, the insinuct class that replied,
well, every state in the union has a say in the presidential race to which he explained,
when did they become a state?
Is this guy the exception to the rule or a typical Republican party voter? You decide.
How do you like that? And also says, why can you play a bit about farting,
but you can't play the fart drop? Certainly, the thing is, thinks about that.
Also, he says, I swear I hear somebody rippling in one of your bumpers.
Well, this is as long as the bumper pushes it out of the way before I can hear it.
It was a squeaky shoot.
Was it?
What are you doing?
I'm sticking to it.
What was that?
I like this story too.
What?
A little like I got a little frog.
I finally got rid of it.
Overcame that coal. I almost got it.
I thought it wasn't even cool. It was the changes season average. You kind of craft it out.
It happens every year.
I'll understand it still 110 degrees in the shade in certain parts of South Florida does what I'm hearing.
Mans' live-life and bath was to save marriage.
Here's an idea for George.
Yeah, I'm taking notes.
La Crosse Wisconsin, a man who said he threw a live electrical wire into his wife's bath,
hoping a near death experience would save their marriage, was convicted of attempted first degree intentional homicide yesterday.
William Dolby said in court he was only trying to scare his wife the evening of May 9.
He told jurors the wire was hooked to a ground fault interrupted, designed to cut the electricity when the coordinate countered water. His wife was not heard.
Prosecutor said Dolby was trying to kill his wife to start a new life with another woman.
You go, boy.
Dolby's wife Mary testified to him that her husband drew her bath after they spent the day taking a walk in a long motorcycle ride.
While she took her bath, her husband came into the bathroom and dropped the cordon in the bath.
She said, you jumped out of the bath, but her husband tried to push her back in the tub.
She got free. This sounds like a movie, don't it?
It does.
Fatal attraction is what it sounds like to me.
And she just wouldn't go down, man.
Also to speak.
If she jumped out of the bath, but her husband tried to push her back in, she got free and went out of the bathroom.
Her husband was also convicted of intimidation of a victim with schedule for sentencing this number 10.
I'll give it his best shot.
Okay, nice, nice try, Pally.
Now, now that we actually have a few people listening, now we've got a little bit of organization going.
Here is a story that is going to set your ass free.
Man, you're going to go nuts.
This is from the BBC, of course, like our friend Greg Palast.
New Florida votes scandal fear.
Now, they actually had this on an SMBC last night.
And how come we're not seeing this all over the place today?
It can only be because the American media wants again is covering it up.
A secret document obtained from inside, and the reason that they obtained this, by the way,
is they sent to the wrong website.
Did you see the story?
No.
A secret document obtained from inside Bush campaign headquarters in Florida suggests a plan,
possibly in violation of US law, to disrupt voting in the state's African-American voting district,
the BBC News Night Investigation Reveals.
Oh, I saw a blurb on that.
Two emails prepared for the executive director of the Bush campaign in Florida,
and the campaign's national research director Washington, DC,
contain a 15-page so-called caging list.
They want to put those dark posts in the cage.
It lists 1886 names and addresses of voters in predominantly black and traditionally democratically as a Jacksonville.
And election supervisor in Tallahassee, when Chone the list told News Night,
the only possible reason why they would keep such a thing is to challenge voters on election day.
And Jeff Bush just got through saying, oh, that may not be such a bad idea, especially if it's close.
Eon Sancho, a Democrat noted that Florida law allows political party operatives inside polling stations
to stop voters from obtaining a ballot.
Then they may only vote provisionally after signing an affidavit attest in their legal voting status.
MAG challenges have never occurred in Florida.
Indeed, Sancho, that one challenge has been made to a voter in the 16 years have been supervisor elections.
Quite frankly, this process can be used to slow down the voting process and cause chaos on election day,
and discourage voters from voting.
You see, once again, just like in 2000, the Republicans don't want everybody to vote
because they don't think they do their asses grass.
There is a fried and done finito, screwed and tattooed.
Sancho calls it intimidation and it may be illegal.
Yeah, let's do Jackson.
Have you heard?
Like that's ever stopped.
The list of Jacksonville voters covers an area with a majority of black residents.
U.S. federal law for Amit's targeting challenges of voters,
even if there's a basis for the challenge, if race is a factor in targeting the voters.
Oh, that couldn't possibly be it could it?
When asked by NewsNet for an explanation of the list,
Republicans supposed people can't mail the list merely records returned mail from either fundraising solicitations
or returned letters sent to newly registered voters to verify their addresses for purposes of main and campaign literature.
Republican state campaign spokeswoman Mindy Mother Tucker,
flat your state list was not put together or to create a challenge list,
but refused to say would not be used in that manner.
She did acknowledge though that the party's poll workers will be instructed to challenge voters where it's stated in the law.
There was no explanation for why such clerical matters would be sent to top officials of the Bushmanist or campaign in Florida and in Washington.
In Jacksonville, for the term, if Republicans were using the list of other means of intimidation voters,
we filmed a private detective filming every early voter,
the majority of whom are black from behind a vehicle with blacked out windows.
The private detective claimed not to know who was paying for his all day services.
On the scene, Democratic Congresswoman Karim Brown said the surveillance operation was part of a campaign of intimidation tactics used by the Republicans to intimidate and scare off African-American voters,
almost all of whom as we know are registered Democrats, Communists, Communists, and Communists.
At the money, Junior, have enough election officials left you confused?
Here is your guide to understanding how to guess your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started, shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmelsdee.
Who are you voting for?
You see, now we have the butterfly ballot starting with Bush Chating in the left column.
You can't in Chico Gruber, Mangala, Icemen, and Gerbels in the right.
Where's our living room over there?
This type of sky, yes?
This guy will make my baby food.
No, now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac-Tee Punch Guide.
Over there.
Use this microscope.
Okay, is that it?
No.
Okay, I'll punch again.
Is this so?
No, that invalidates your vote.
Alright, yeah, punch again.
I'll punch again.
Who's that again? I'll punch you!
We'll also put magic on you.
What are you?
Gathering old hebes.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your rights of vote in accordance to the little brother.
113 votes on the poll so far, which campaign is the most important to you?
John's in the economy 38, Civil Liberation 27, Iraq 19, religious extremism 15, that was my vote of course.
None of these get it over with already 8.
Stem cell research 2, the draft 1, abortion 1, Israel 1, and Cuba.
Thank you, baby.
Solamente Uno.
Now let's just say you just passed here.
I don't know.
Let me do this to the line of first.
Look for the Q&N van right now.
Right as I speak at the Shell Station, corner of Power Line and Commercial Boulevard, stop by to pick up a third tickets to check out absolute fighting championships this Saturday at the Worma Memorial Auditorium in Fort Lauderdale.
Got it? Right now, corner of Power Line and Commercial, look for the Q&N van right now.
Rick says, I need your help.
I'm trying to find out which early voting station in Big County is open this weekend.
I've tried to call Dave Lexington Department of Numerous Occasions.
Those friggin' fakeers don't answer the phone.
I mean, I don't have access to the net.
I was thinking of going to Miami City Hall to the Gables Library.
Please help me vote for Carrie and for the slots and I'm going this weekend to vote.
I'll find out. Somebody will tell us, right?
We hope.
I mean, we had that thing on our website, but he's not near a computer right now.
Got it? Got it.
Someone will call.
Someone will call and tell us this weekend that we're open.
I think they're all open, the ones that are open.
Sure of it.
But nevertheless, somebody will fax, they'll call or whatever.
This calm down, Rick.
And speaking of voting on the amendment four, yes.
Of course, I'm getting some feedback about some of the anti-ol, bro,
that you talk about in your Rodic repetition.
Some of the anti-gambling propaganda that's going on in your commercials on local TV,
on freaking believe of it.
Turn?
Assectorable, ridiculous.
Oh, if we have those slot machines, it's going to bring an organized crime,
and it's going to bring in violent crime and drugs.
Oh my God, it's only going to be at the seven permutials for quite a lot.
What do you think they're going to bring back a hymen Roth?
Well, what are these people?
How can they continue to use the same old lies?
It's the same old lies.
And of course, we all know who's behind it.
You know, all the people with the best interest, first of all,
you got your religious nuts.
That's another story.
But then you got the people who are trying to protect our little empires,
the Mickey Erison, the Indians, the Bahamas crowd.
Oh, we don't want to have no slot machines at the permutials,
because that'll bring it all those, you know.
But how come we don't have all those evil things over there in the Bahamas
that they're warning everybody about?
That's right.
That's why we don't have all those evil criminals there at the Indian casinos.
There are?
Yeah, I want to crack a crap, okay?
I go out here to woodbind all the time, there's slots.
It's as clean as you can.
You can see off the floor, baby.
Evil?
Yeah, right.
There ain't nothing evil about it,
and it's as safe you could walk around in there with the $80,000 bills hanging out of your pocket.
It's the trail.
I think one or two.
Yeah.
So don't get sucked in by that bull crack.
And by the way, Berkeley, I've got your facts and what else I'm all about.
I see what she means, right?
She just computers.
How should I roll that place?
Speaking of that issue amendment for which you will vote, yes, on, of course,
because only an idiot wouldn't want all that money for education.
They'll go to hell.
If Florida voters open the door for slot machines in Brown and they've counted
the tracks and front-con sets of benefit,
have signed an agreement to hand over 30% of the slot profits to schools throughout the state,
even if the state legislature never votes to levied tax on them.
Seven per mutual facilities in the two-cowdy-orean dating browsers
signed a legal agreement with the Florida School Board Association
that hand over profits that they estimate could reach $438 million in the first year
and two and a half billion over five years.
There's been a lot of talk about wanting to guarantee this money goes to school
said former state education commissioner Jim Horan was a hired spokesman in favor of amendment four.
There's been a lot of cynicism and questioning of motives,
so today we're putting our absolute guarantee on it.
How do you like that?
Opponents of the proposed amendment which asked state voters to elect
throughout the day of counties sold local referendums,
elected to expand gambling, called the move a desperate attempt to swing voters
in the final days of the campaign, right?
They know that we're in striking distance and if they can pick up a couple of percentage points
on one of these ideas at works,
since state representative Randy Johnson has fake that we had that story on the other day
outing his phoniness, who takes money from the perimutials business against amendment four.
Randy Johnson, Republican of Celebration Florida, chairman of the Orlando based no casinos.
Recent polls show that state voters are more amenable than supporting the slots proposal
if they feel assured the promised dollars will actually go to education.
Expanded gambling efforts have been defeated three times in the past 26 years
but this is the first time the proponents have asked of the profit-fused help schools.
It is just incredible.
Incredible.
Where's the line drawn that separates kids from gambling Johnson asked
how will they deliver the money?
Tony Soprano just delivered it to the bag at the schoolhouse to reach the...
Let's scare them.
It's going to be the mob.
Meyer Lansky is going to put walking his dog on Collins Avenue
and he's going to drive right to your kid's school.
Horne said the proponents are hoping to avoid any comparison of the state lottery
which was sold to voters in 86 is a way to help fund education.
Amendment four is not the lottery.
He said the lottery's raised billions of public schools but legislatures use those dollars
to replace other tax dollars that had been funding education.
Amendment four specifically however requires the dollars raised through slot machine taxes
be used to supplement education.
Wayne Blanton, executive director of the Florida School Board's association
said Florida's public schools are woefully underfunded.
We rank at the bottom 25% nationally and at the same time have unprecedented demands placed upon us.
Amendment four will go a long way to help all our schools.
Under the agreement the School Board Association would distribute the money
to all 67 school districts using the state education funding formula.
The School Board Association meanwhile promised it would ensure there is public oversight
of how the money is distributed and an annual public audit of how it's spent.
I do like that beautiful thing.
How could you not like it unless you're a lunatic, unless you're either a religious fanatic
and if you're a religious fanatic what are you doing to track it in the first place?
By the way the four horses are going to win.
I'm just passing a loan tip.
I don't know what race or what day or what track but check out the four.
And look out for the six if it's more than 10 to one.
Broward to recent thousands of this I better take your call or two I think I missed a couple of appointments.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing today?
Pretty good how you doing?
Oh good I voted yesterday if you were only voting and I want to share something with you with the listeners.
Yes.
All right this may not work in day counting well probably won't work but vote in Spanish.
Of course you got to study the ballot you're supposed to do that anyways before you get there.
But I was there yesterday and it was like an hour and a half wait and I'll hang out.
And the lady comes out says whoever wants to vote in Spanish should mine up here.
Hey those mios oscaros.
So I said what the hell is the same ballot in and out in ten minutes.
There you go.
There you go.
Good I voted once.
We had some taxes on that they're doing the same thing.
I mean you know I mean how much I need to understand no and see see this.
The number is the same the names are the same right.
All the names I've been changed to predict Scotty Mac right.
No we're better.
Thanks a lot Collie good job.
Go to the way again this weekend.
We need to find out for that guy Rick this weekend where he can go.
And I'm sure this audience is always delighted to tell you where to go.
Broward to recent thousand missing FST ballots were getting that.
Green doubt was on an awful Larry King show last night.
Go to the again Marine he's as pathetic with Bill Sapphire.
Oh God.
What are some of these greetings going to croak already?
You were listening to Neil Roger.
I'm going to have to speak to you.
You ain't care.
I'm not going to be my first name.
I'm not going to be your first name.
I'm not going to be your first name.
I'm not going to be my first name.
I'm not going to be your first name.
There's a lot of faces they swear and crack and they say.
In fact I'm not going to be my first name.
Oh I hope that hope.
Understandable.
I miss a parent and I.
That's where I go.
When it comes to you, you go right.
The deal feels you just wait.
And then you'll feel this moment.
And then you'll be the nation and the distant,
the nation that I'll live this far away.
In the way for God to give God a little time.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Go to God.
Where is he now?
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
where is he now?
where is he now?
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
oh OH OH OH OH OH OH ,
oh oh oh oh oh oh,
OH NO
Oh yeah, we don't want no Spix and Spooks vote and I'll tell you that not Republicans
We don't want none of them folks voting face it for yourself
Michelle's it that's their motto though
We want to get a lot of people out to vote but only if they're nice white folks who are support the president
Michelle says on NPR they had a story all things considered as name of the show
I guess since you listen to it. Yes, Hispanic voter registrations challenged in Georgia. Oh, we don't want no Spix and Spooks vote
Three white residents in rural Georgia probably an entry have challenged most Hispanic voter registrations in their precinct charging
They are fraudulent most of those challenges have already proven their legal status of voters, but one wants a public hearing and
And then there's a thing
There's a story Pam Fesley reports, which you hear her her story this year
There is Michelle said it's a must listen to I was very disturbed when I heard this on NPR
I'm gonna put that up there. Let's do it later now here for Rick who wants to find out where to vote this weekend Rick no problem
Here's the fact that says the best place in the county to vote is downtown and the Stephen Clark building if I Steve have another one
Stephen Clark building one-legged Northwest first-reed no lines no waiting
They'll be open Saturday and Sunday one to five p.m. All other locations are crowded with long lines
But not this one for whatever reason. I guess probably because it's downtown and who wants to go downtown, right?
Pettily Clark what person it's right mine was it so there you go Stephen Clark building one-legged Northwest first-reed
Saturday and Sunday one to five never got somebody factors which we thank them a list of all the early voting locations in date
Currently, which I'm not gonna take the time to read them all I'll just give you like a
The Northgate region of library the North Miami Public Library lemon city library in lemon city
North East library on average or a bullet bar Miami Beach City Hall
They're all gonna be open this weekend Rick all the early voting places open Saturday and Sunday one to five West
Miami City Hall Coral Geo's library South a regional library Florida City City Hall West a regional library West candle regional library
Miami Lakes Public Public Library Kendall Branch Library model city library Coral Reef Library City, Miami Hall and
North Shore Library Brand a lot of places, okay, so Rick no excuses, baby
And don't just be voting four or five times either you've got to make sure you vote a whole bunch of times to make sure it gets counted one
That's it you got it now
Proud to recent thousands of missing absentee ballots and of course if they were sent out originally on the seventh or eighth of October
And yesterday was the 27 okay think about this if
They're rescending thousands of them out and election is Tuesday
What?
One of the odds that you're gonna get him if you see what I'm saying
Mm-hmm
And they're gonna get him return. It's just oh here's a whole bunch more of these, okay
I don't please enough of those locations already right plenty of locations to go and vote early and often
Hoping to avoid another presidential election fiasco fat chance brow county officials. Let's be in a fat fat chance
There's Brenda's knives look at that
Holy moly
Brenda I hate to break the news here. I think you got me or elephant disease. I think you're rubbed off on it
Broward official scramble yesterday to replace tens of thousands of missing absentee ballots cut long
I'm waiting for early voting and beef up a phone system. That's been they use with calls from angry voters
Angry voters man, they're not gonna put up with this silly election again this time
I'm a
Day after acknowledging that up to 58,000 absentee ballots have not reached the voters who requested them
Elections stupid vise of Brenda's knife decided to mail new ones
She'll pay extra for overnight delivery of those sent outside Broward and hopes of ensuring voters can return them before Tuesday's
Deadline in hopes of ensuring I love that sentence man
Mm-hmm in hopes of ensuring that you folks can return them before Tuesday's deadline
Cut of commission is also assigned 40 employees to help answer phone calls
It's nice offices and processed people in line at early voting sites more workers could soon follow as the snaps kind of plates extending early voting hours
It upgrades your phone system to add more lines
Just like the president, you know, you can never do too many lines
That's what he always said and of course don't forget about his fat ass governor
daughter
How's she doing? Don't hear too much about her anyway. No way. No way about a lesson. Well
Some of the problems have played other broad elections over the past four years long lines are for while we know about that
A common collected stifes defended a election preparation
She said voters should have confidence in November 2nd, balloting in fact
She even held up as a symbolic gesture of tuba preparation
And said if you don't like it
There's been a whole lot of partisanship about the election so everything that happens is magnified
She said but when we see something questioning like it shouldn't we fix it immediately not everyone agrees
The southern Christian lead if you listen so everything that happens is magnified
She said but when we see something functioning like it shouldn't we fix it immediately not everyone agrees
The southern Christian leadership conference called eight wins day for governor jab bush does a spend snipes
A retired educator whom we appointed last year to replace Maria elephant the civil vice group charged that snipes is making the same
The steps had bush cited and said that it's spending elephant
I learned them to these problems only to be attacked for political reasons said elephant who lost the Democratic primary in August to snipe
I warned them about the poll workers. I warned them about the phones and I warned them about the absentee ballots
The breadth of the problem is putting brown it again in national spotlight at hill during the 36 day recount in 2000
I still want to see the Palm Beach jugs looking at it
Hey, you notice they keep using that footage over and over again to take the favor
It looks like his eyeball is in like top right on the socket
State officials said the only complaints they've received about early voting come from brown and Palm Beach counties canovel
A national hotline set up by a coalition of civil rights groups reports twice as many complaints about brown
been in the other community
And of course we know that brown is the most heavily democratic and at the
tons of curries votes are gonna come from there
So I wouldn't they want to do everything they can to screw it up
And then it's got those waiting for ballots are expressing beat to satisfaction with the handling of the election
Linda Lemel
Lemel, what her name is Goldberg
Said she requested a ballot in early October for her mother who was homebound with Parkinson's in Palm Beach
But never received it. She said official tour more than two weeks ago
They'd been mailed and then promised to send her another one, but it also hasn't arrived
Well, they saw the last name as Goldberg. They said forget about that
I'm angry and frustrated and feel like crying said Lemel, Goldberg who said she'll drive before lottery
The day to pick up her mother's ballot
Murray Hirsch of cemetery village condor community in temperate pine said he finally received in Wednesday's mail
The absentee ballot he requested on October 7th it was post marked October 19 meaning it took Snipes office 12 days to process his request and the post or office another eight days to deliver it
Someone is trying to sabotage this election. Hirsch said no Schmidt
No Schmidt Murray
Snipes had to last county officials for extra money to pay for the new maiming but didn't know how much the added expense will be
County mayor Eileen Lieberman and other county commission said they're willing to give her additional money
Or staff to ensure that the election is successful
I'm tired of being the laughing stock in Broward of the entire nation
I want to get it right to commissioners who's and guns burger who served on the vote canvassing board during the
2000 election dispute all voters need to be sure they can vote and that their vote will be counted
These people who apply for an absentee ballot want to vote and a parkridge in a puritory. Oh, this is so sad
So sad
Well, we've come to a man
Right there in broad daylight. They're doing everything in their power to keep the dark folks from voting and anybody to the left of a till of a hunt
And a public sits back and goes
Like that. WQA and hello
QA and
I guess it was a little passive appointment time sorry
WQA and hello
Neil yes sir
I want to inform your listeners and you that
They'll show you in Sunday
We're going to be doing a early voter drive for carry
Land and it's going to be 200 volunteers as a goal. I believe 100 teams and five thousand doors not
Oh, right and they're going to be driving people to go vote
So if anybody wants to actually stop whining and get off your ass and come on
I'd say you've got to call this number is there a code is on your in Kendall actually South Miami 305
665
0010
665
0010 run
Got your ass and go help carry you bastards exactly. Okay. That's not pal
Six yeah, man
Yeah, why would any black person go to law for this country? Can you tell me why?
Lisa how do me?
They shouldn't they should take the kid out of the law, buddy. Good luck, Liz. Okay
I
Okay any white white person ought to be going to work for this country either on the kind of where we're in now
That's not a war that's insanity
All planned ahead of time just lay it right out there and of course you put it in front of the faceties these
Autometons these people can't think for themselves. They're like robots
Oh, you know, we don't think that they he planned this ahead of time
And of course we know that saw them had those weapons and we know that he was certainly up to his earlobes in 911
And this president just making things safe for us and for the rest of the world
Right. Oh, by the way the only good piece of news is that yes, or I'm a fart is that he uh they pulled out his gall stone
And I guess maybe I'll send him his kiscus too at the same time. He's ill in
He's ill and that's good
Of course after he gets out of there and then they'll say oh well the other guy he's even worse and
Shiro is going to step building bigger fences all over the place
They just leave a little hole in the fence so they can get that pipeline through there
You know get they'll finish the whole job at those underground
That pipeline that goes through Syria, you know the one that we open up right away once we went into a rack to make sure that
Uh fat ash roamed gets it maybe there's a connection between fat ash busher governor and fat ash roamed a lot of fat
As is rolling around them doing evil things
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 you don't have to have to have to have it. I have an appointment today
Why I haven't had one how am I?
WQA and hello
QA and yeah
Yes, you know the Michael Moore is gonna be in front of the election warrantic in in Bokaraton
Right, so we're gonna be there a lot of people here from the county
Uh are going there. We take in a couple of buses is it's not by invitation. It's open to the public
Yeah, you know
I have a couple of Jewish friends that are told me especially north Miami in the farthic temple there
But they're gonna be voting
Because he's very good with Israel and I just I just
Is it in that I really don't understand this is like like like a black person voting for the club to explain
That is right for David do I mean it's so it's so absurd that intelligent people will throw away a vote
Yeah, the enemy
No, why did you say in thousand people well?
Totally people are professional
Yeah, you know, I got this for a baby if there were so intelligent they wouldn't we weren't in beanies in public, okay?
It's no, but I'm not even they're not even orthodox
I'm trying to I'm trying to get you to say goodbye. I gotta go what take care
Saqizam
Let me put these seven of QAM
Me
I
Where
Hey
Yeah, that golf is pretty strenuous, you know it. Sometimes you have three years shoulder
ought to join.
No, no, three. Don't forget to look for the QM van right now at the Shell Station corner
of Power Line and Commercial Boulevard stop. I had to pick up the prepared tickets to
check out the absolute fighting champions here for this Saturday at the Worma Worma
Auditorium in Fort Lauderdale. Or if you want to go to the Worma Worma Worma Auditorium
in Buffalo, you can go there too. Maureen Dowd writes in today's New York Times, White House
of Horrors. If you send Dick Taney, Pete Tussou and we've still got a few days left until
Halloween. It was scary enough when we thought the vice president had created his own reality
for spin purposes, but if he actually believes that Iraq is a remarkable success story, it's
downright spooky. He's already got his persona for Sunday. He's the mad scientist in the
haunted mansion, fiddling with test tubes to force the world to conform to his twisted
vision.
After 9-11, Mr. Taney swirled his big black cape and hunkered down in his underscores
dungeon, reading books about smallpox and plague in worst case terrorist scenarios. His
drag the untested president and jittery country into this house of horrors, painting a
gory picture of how Iraq could let fierce emunitions fall into the hands of evil doers. The
Ant-American did the war to preclude that chilling bloodbath, but in a spine tingling switch,
the administration's misbegotten invasion of Iraq has led fierce emunitions fall into
the hands of evil doers. It also has forged the links between Al-Qaeda and the Sunni
bathist that Mr. Taney and his crazy eye, egos of the Pentagon, had patissied to justify
their hunger to remain the Middle East. It's often seen in scary movies, you play God
to create something in your own image in the monster you make ends up coming after you.
Determined through a good scare in the air, the world the best president ended up scaring
up the swarm of jihadist evil spirits he had conjured, like the overweaching sorcerer
in Fantasia. The Pentagon buggered the occupant occupation so badly, it caused the insurgency
to grow like the blob. Just as Catherine De Nouve had bizarre hallucinations in the horror
classic repulsion, Mr. Taney and the Neocons were in a deranged ideological psychosis,
obsessing about imaginary weapons while allowing enemies to spear at the real ones away.
The officials charged with protecting us set off so many false alarms they ignored all
the real ones. President Bush is like one of the blissfully ignorant teenagers in the
Friday of the 13th movies, spouting slogans like, freedom is on the march, while pretty
crude or is in the closet ready to claw his skin off. Mr. Bush ignored his own experts
warnings that are some of it loud and planted with heck inside the U.S., that an invasion
of a racket could create a toxic partnership between outside terrorists and bathrooms
and create sympathy for them across the Islamic world, that Donald Rumsfeld was planning
a war on occupation without enough troops, that Saddam Hussein's aluminum tubes were
not for nuclear purposes, that U.S. troops should safeguard 380 tons of sealed explosives
that could bring down planes and buildings, and that after the invasion of a racket erupted
in the Civil War. And of course the president of Nordkohl and Powell's pottery barn warning
if you break it you own it. There a rocky puppet Iodolawai turned on Mr. Taney and Mr.
Bush this weekend is seen right out of Chucky. Mr. O'Lawai used coalition forces of major
negligence for not protecting the on our out armed Iraqi national guard trainees who
were slaughtered by insurgents wearing Iraqi police uniforms. Iraqi recruits are getting
killed so fast we can't even pretend that we're going to turn the country over to them, 11
more day by the way. If you really want to be choked at the bone
in the solar we must know what PWW Galbraith, a former diplomat who helped advance the
case for an Iraqi invasion at the request of Paul Wolfowitz, said in the column yesterday
in the Boston Globe. He said he had told Mr. Wolfowitz about the catastrophic aftermath
of the invasion, the unchecked eluding of every public institution in Baghdad, the devastation
of a rack's cultural heritage, the anger of ordinary Iraqis who couldn't understand
whether world's only superpower was letting this happen. He told Mr. Wolfowitz that mobs
were looting Iraqi lands of live HIV and black fever viruses and making off with barrels
of yellow cake. Even after my briefing the Pentagon leaders had nothing to safeguard
Iraq's nuclear sites he said. In his column Mr. Galbraith said weapons
looted from the arms site called Al-Kaka might have wound up in Iran which could obviously
use them only to pursue nuclear weapons. In April 2003 in Baghdad he said he told a young
US lieutenant station across the street that HIV and black fever viruses had just been
looted. The soldier had been devastated and said I hope I'm not responsible for Armageddon.
Too bad that never occurred to Dr. Cheney Stein. I think he confused the doctor Frank
and Stein. Good column is usual Maureen Daz. He wasted her time on Lurikin last night
with Bill Safar and just a total waste of time. Why are we even watching? I like to see
if those suspenders are going to snap off. Doug Davis in News Day writes the quality
of anger strains of polls. See this is where it's at and of course the media doesn't
want to tell you this because that would conflict with all these polls they keep showing
about, well Galup says this and this one says that a lot of furious angry foaming at
the most people that ever would have dreamed of voting before.
And Doug Davis writes a few hours before the third presidential debate I saw a tiny headline
in one of the countless tabloids circling my city, 480,000 new voters registered in Florida.
I kept that headline in my mind amazed at a fragile state pivotal in 2000s committing
such a crime of enthusiasm. One ring into my favorite celebrity cafe on Prince Street. I
ran into a crusty old city politician whose name I protect for his own state. I repeated
the headline for him and he asked what skeptics everywhere were asking will they really
vote? His laugh was a boomer. Of course they will. I've never seen so many kids, so many
women, so many old guys running to register. Don't you get it? People are mad as hell
and they're not going to take it anymore. How do you like that? I like that. Where have
we heard that?
I'm in Madness Hill. I'm in the hospital. I'm in the hospital.
He says he's right. The country is seeding. You can see it, feel it, smell it everywhere
in bars, parties in the streets and most of all in the web that crucial anti-medium needs
of the press or anybody else seems to understand. The rest of America doesn't merely camp on
the web right now flirting, chasing after the other sets. They're speaking, shouting,
giving us a direct personal and sensory anti-pool that may be more accurate at least in its
emotion than gallop or pew. You can smell that pew-pool all the way up here.
Doug Davis says I grant you what's held at track down all the hot spots where people
are raging about the war and more, but I've started prompted by my crusty old friend.
It's awesome. I asked trusty Google to tell me how many contributors were wailing on
the web against Voucher against Kerry. The total is produced in roughly 30 seconds or a landslide
that is against the present roughly 7 million to 4.6 million.
Of course, Republicans can claim these web votes are a showvonous, crowd, young, intellectual
nerds mostly, but the Democrats can see the same about the wildly oscillating pools which
always reach the rich plus their voicemails not to pour in the foamless. Why hasn't the
poll taken to the tainted Bush minority victory in 2000? It's not only because of
quality can't be assigned a number where that fury isn't as sexy as editors to editors
as style, the media can't face the activism surging through the web. No wonder even the
mainstream gallop CNN poll is telling us that more than 70% of registered voters are
determined to vote, Tulsa or Peter Hart says, the electorate is more energized and passionate
than I've ever seen before. If we were ever on land of gullible happy
Americans, we weren't anymore. President George W. Bush's only hope is that America's
anger is mixed with fear. We're all afraid of Osama bin Laden that he'll strike again,
but usually Bush offers no solution other than we should trust his character.
John Kerry wins if anger trumps fear rather than the reverse. Not since the Civil Wars
of We Face Stakes so serious, so sober, unpredictable, if all those new voters show up and line
the street as they didn't cobble, it means a sharp turning in the road. It means more
than Bush simply going back to Texas. It means we won't take it endless war endless
job loss anymore.
This is Rushwin Ball, serving of humanity, talks so whole,
Timroyd sufferer. Folks, over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you theirs help. With new preparation rush and
my rush to excellence suppositories, now you can end the pain and ittering of hemeroidal
tissue, just look for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube,
another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcast ring network.
On 15 at 560 W.M. 356 votes on the poll, what's the most important issue in this election?
Johnson the economy, numero 1-01, Iraq 86, civil liberties 59, religious extremism 46,
Nothamies, get it over with already 38.
Stem cell research 14, Cuba, 6, Israel 3, Oi!
The draft 2 and abortion 1, I would suggest this to the 9 people who voted Cuba or Israel,
which I did put those on here for your amusement and pleasure. I would suggest this, if you're
so concerned about Cuba I'd go over there like this weekend, right? If you're so concerned
about Israel, Castle Hoist, nevertheless moving right along, Springsteen, as the highly
contented presidential election racist to the finish line, one thing I can say for sure
is need to water them and sing a lick.
Coming just days before Election Day, today's downtown rally featuring Kerry Springsteen
and Poo Fighters, Lee Vocalist Dave Grohl, could be the largest political gathering ever
in Wisconsin. How do you like that? I like the coin to Wisconsin Alderman Michael Verveer,
something a dustman to me. Could be? I think we're looking at a record-breaking turnout
for the senator and the boss said Verveer and hoping Springsteen's widely used nickname,
it seems like everybody in their uncle is coming to this. Verveer who represents the
downtown district said he was basing his prediction on a mild weather forecast in May
of her 50s, although there's a chance of spotty showers. The closeness to the election,
the fact that Kerry and President Bush appeared locked in dead heat in Wisconsin.
Kerry Edwards campaigned spokesman George Twig, said the turnout was hard to predict that
60,000 be a lot of people. The largest rally was held Monday in Philadelphia for Kerry when
an estimated 80 to 100,000 people went to see Kerry and former President Bubba who returned
to the campaign's dump after heart surgery. And today's event that he's opening the
Capitol at 10 o'clock this morning, which would have been 11 o'clock our time, so they're
open already. Music and speeches by Governor Jim Doyle of the local official percent
to begin at 11, which would be like now, right? Right. And Kerry's expected to speak
at about 1215, which would be 150 in our time. Those attending the rally are asked not
to bring signs. Big bags who umbrella the crowd will be screen for security. Verveer said
well, there it is. In Madison, no less in Wisconsin, which is only close because there's
a lot of crowds there. There's a lot of Nazis in Wisconsin, a lot of beer, guzzling
crowds. And then of course there's also a bunch of cheeseheads. You know those big football
people, they got to be for Bush, you know, they got to be real macho, they got to be
Republicans, they got to be for the right wing, the other way. And that pulled about the
dolphins. That made me want to barf. I mean, even with all those fortunes, they got
on the team. They're all for Bush. Even a Jewish boy like J. Feedler, you better check
your, your, uh, Torah man. We're gonna have to source like you ain't never seen for Bush.
Oh, I mean, he was encoded there, so he don't know it's, but that would really shock
me, you know? Here's an article that's gonna shock the pants off of some of you who would
want to mention old coups down there, especially the ones in sweet water and little Havana,
who just won't get off the dime, who never ever have ever become real Americans, who are
just locked in this damn pre-1960 mentality. This, you know, Bush is always talking about
the pre-9-11 about world and the poor styler. Well, we got in South Florida, we got some
people in the pre-1960 world living in the distant past. Presidential pool may track big
changes in date, right? So the fact Jim DeFeedy and the hero today, did you see this?
No. Well, here it is. If the latest Harold pool is, and by the way, I hope we don't have
any appointments between now and two o'clock, because I may not get any of these fine coars.
What? I just got a lot of stuff here, man. It's the countdowns and it's Thursday already.
We only got a very small precious amount of time. Vanna is gone. Vanna? Well, who's gonna
turn the letters? Oh, the van is gone. Yeah. Well, in other words, they give the tickets
away. Yeah. Well, that's a good sign. It was per free, and we actually had a couple
of people listening. I mean, that's power line and commercial. Maybe somebody peed on
the tower today and the signals get not pretty good. I mean, thinking it's all the way
up there. Maybe I'll just coplaughter. How's that? All right. Jim DeFeedy writes,
Presidential pool may track big changes in date. Oh, right. How do you like that? If the
latest Harold pool is correct, the road to the White House no longer runs exclusively
through a little Havana. Now it winds its way through the streets of Windwood and
Alabama and Homestead. And if that's true, President Bush is in trouble. The Harold
pool shows Senator Kerry winning, Dave County with 54.3% of the vote compared to 41.5%
for Bush. 4% still undecided. Splitting the undecided voters down the middle, Kerry
goes to 56% Bush 43 and native will end up with less than 1% in date. If Kerry wins
Dave 56 to 43, then likelihood of him winning float is very high. And here's why. In 2000,
Al Gore beat Bush by almost 40,000 votes in Dave County. According to Harold pool done
by Zybe International, Kerry is positioned to win Dave by anywhere from 90 to 100,000
votes. A margin that large and float as most topulous County will be hard for Bush to
make up across the rest of the state. Now I realize the fee he says at the polls
margin of error would have fallen the president's favor. Kerry would beat Bush 53 to 46 and
set 56 to 43. Right? He's down good. But even then because of new voters, Kerry would
still walk away with 50,000 more votes than Bush indeed. Here's why the Harold pool rings
true. Between 2000 and 2004, the split between Democrats and Republicans is virtually the
same in almost every category. In 2000, an overwhelming majority of Cuban Americans
went to Bush and the latest Harold pool shows the same thing happening again. In 2000,
the Jewish and Black voters went overwhelmingly for Gore and the latest pool hasn't been
doing the same for Kerry. Among anglos, Kerry is ahead in Dave, but Bush is tightened
in the gap. Among crackers. The one group that is radically different and it's why the
pool makes sense is a shift among non-Cubanist Spaniards who are backing Kerry almost to
the one. Overall, Hispanics both Cubans and non-Cubans still support Bush according to
the Harold pool with 62% say they'll vote for the president, 35% say they'll vote for
Kerry. That's overall putting them all together. But again, Cuban and non-Cubanist Spaniards
are backing Kerry nearly two to one. Never to lie, student of Fidi writes. There's a
that's a tremendous improvement for Democrats over 2,173% of his Spanish favored Bush, only
27% say I voted for Gore. So that's like, let's see, eighth and 11, 9 and a half, 9
point change. And almost all of those gains for Kerry have come from Mexicans, Salvadorans,
Dominicans from La Rejue de Dominicana, Colombians in Puerto Ricans, among others, many of whom
are going to be voting for the first time, even the Can I One? No. The raw numbers in
2000, Bush won among all Hispanics by 135,000 votes based on the Harold pool, Bush's lead
among Hispanics in 2004 will be closer to just 95,000 votes. That's a loss of 40,000.
Narrowing that gap by 40,000 votes between last time and this time is a huge accomplishment
for Democrats, shows the very real impact photo registration group, such as me, familiar
are having an industry selection. In six months, I mean for a million registered 66,000
new voters in Florida, many of them in Dave County, and most of them non-Cuban Hispanics.
The new Democrat Network, the Service Employees International Union, and the Environmental Action
Fund are spending $1.6 million on ads directed at Hispanic voters encouraging them to vote
for Kerry. Indeed, this election could mark the end of the disproportionate impact that
Cuban Americans have held on presidential politics for the past 25 years. It's always
been assumed that if a Republican captures 80% of a Cuban vote, that they'll win Florida.
This is why politicians, both Democrats and Republicans, have catered to this Cuban
American block for so long and everything from the embargo with Cuba to travel and trade
with the island to the wet foot, dry foot policy. But in this election, President Bush
could get 82% of the Cuban vote and still lose because of the inroads Democrats made with
other Hispanics. If that happens, it will forever often be perceived importance of Cuban
American voters to which I can only say, oh right, thank God, thank God.
Right, I do like that. It's in the feet of the air today. There's a little bit of hope
out there, you know what? A world of sunshine. And here's some more hope. The Supreme Court
this week declined to put independent presidential candidate to egotistical arrogant obnoxious
daughtering old fool Ralph Nader on a ballot in the battleground state of Ohio. That's
all right. Oh, on Friday, Nader asked a high court to review Ohio's decision to remove
him arguing that all the state law that requires people to collect signatures on candidate's
petitions, be registered voters, violated free sprites as speech rights. Nader's request
for a review went to Justice John Paul Stevens, who referred the matter to the full court,
the justice is denied to request without comment. Democrats, fearful that Nader could
siphon votes for them if his name was on a ballot and present evidence to Ohio Secretary
Stakehead's black well that petition Colossus had Julie Coil, Nader statewide volunteer
coordinator, no, Ohio. We've got three of times the number signatures we needed. Third
party shouldn't have to go through this. It's democracy and its ugliest form. Right.
Carl Ola Poro, a spokesman for black well, said he was pleased noting that all black
well's election decisions have now wistored for challenges. He said that some Nader supporters
who gathered signatures were not Ohio registered voters and others admitted to fraud.
Fraud. Now in 2000, running his degree in party candidate, Nader got about 2.5% of
the vote in Ohio and pushed one by 3.6%. So you see how pivotal it is. How important it
is, more importantly, that he's not in a ballot in Ohio. And guess what? What? As we already
talked about earlier in a week, on Saturday, the Supreme Court denied a similar emergency
request by Nader to be placed on the ballot in the Battleground State of Pennsylvania
and they looked at him and they said, are you kidding us? No, that's the answer. Read our
lips. No. Overall, the bad news is that Nader will be on a ballot in 34 states and the
district of Columbia. The Ohio Supreme Court last week ruled six to one against Nader
Singh's campaign waited too long to raise its concerns and a Mickey Mouse appeared too
many times on each of paid. But third man. The petitions are fish. Kind of a Mickey Mouse
campaign. And that's Nader. If you're going to vote for Nader, man, we will shoot you in
the leg of the toe. He can't just cut the crap. 5, 6, 7, and one mic in the numbers out
for when they take any call. It just makes them feel better. Yeah. Why? We might take
a quick one Q. I. M. You want to see the new Rogers. Exclusively on 5, 6, 7, 8, and
9. God, how is your zero? It's the Muslim world's number one sitcom. It's the Muslim
world's only sitcom. Everybody loves Ramadan. Starring Ray Romano as everybody's favorite
one. The top and theater boy has the grand I. I. I. I. I. His. County. Holy war. Everybody
loves Ramadan. The Sunnies. The lights. Hello, Ramadan. That's tonight and every night
of November followed by two and a half-drawn man and CSI. Sider City on Al Jazeera.
21. Mad Dog at two. We got the Joseph Acky for the Humphord for it. It's kind of strange
that we're running all in my rejoins about the Q. I. M. dot com website and all our
we got a commitment to the advertisers. They actually just put it back up. They did
put it back up. How long ago was that when I finished fixing it for them? Oh, you had
a fixed it for them. I'm not suggesting. I hope you put in lots of having charges for
that. Put in like 75 hours of overtime. Had a fixed it for them. How do you like that?
The incompetence over there. It's unbelievable. Josh Cortes who used to be involved with
that. Who doesn't want any part of it, by the way? Q. M. dot com. An embarrassment for
sports news only. And I texted this morning if you told me it was screwed up and it said
that all were experiencing technical problems. Check back with us at some future date. Maybe
if the dolphins ever win another game, something like that. But it is back up. Now are we streaming?
I don't know. Well, what do you mean you don't know? Well, I kept saying it's out again.
It's back on its under presidency. When they lose, the opposing candidate wins. The
Redskins played the packers this Sunday just two days before the election. The game is
after Redskins. If you're for carry, chair for the packers, let's go packs is Robert.
That must be Robert Creeper. Even he must have finally seen life. I think. He's hopeless.
I was thinking of a little dwarfs. Wait here this story. Also, Reagan scientists who found
a new species of Hobbit-sized humans, a little dwarfs who lived about 13,000 years ago on
an Indonesian island said today, they expected to discover more new species of hominids on
neighboring islands, wooded dwarfs. The partial skeleton of Homo, Floresin
Ensis, Floresin to whatever it is, I'm a hal-bomb. Found in a cave on the island of Flores
in 2003 was of an adult female that was three feet tall and a brain smaller than a chimpanzee
and probably lived alongside modern humans on the island. A Australian Indonesian scientist
had since honored seven small hominids called Floresman from the Lingua Limesdon Cave, the
youngest living 13,000 years ago. 13,000 years, that must be another Camipinco plot because
we know God made the world five or six thousand years ago. 13,000 years ago, next year we're
going to be talking about carbon dating and all other Camipinco-sudo signs.
That's right. In fact, speaking of the devil, don't forget Halloweeny. The finding of this
distinctive human species, this endemic human species on Flores also implies that there
will be similar endemic species on other islands in that vicinity, Project Leader Mike
Morwood, Associate Professor in Archaeology of Australia University of New England, said
you had today. So you're likely to have a distinctive little hominid population. I wonder
if he meant little is small in the, you know what I'm saying? A distinctive little hominid
population on Lambock, on Tsumbawa, on Timor, and on Suroesi. And each of those will be distinct
species because they will be involved in isolation. Oh, you've evolved. You see, there goes
with that again, too, with that awful devilish evolution brand.
Flores meant it's thought to be the Senate of Humor Erectus, which had a large grain,
was full sized, and spread out from Africa to Asia about two million years ago. There's
nothing like that, Humor Erectus. I'm not sure we can say that anymore. Hey, joy! We can't
see either one of those words. Morwood said the discovery of hominids and
flores was unexpected as no Asian land animal at the time across the sea to the islands
in eastern Indonesia, and hominids were not believed to be developed enough to build and
sail a craft. In other words, how did they just pop up there like, oh my god, like suspended
animation. But if homo erectus reached Flores and evolved into Flores man, then others
probably reached nearby islands, also evolved into new human species. Legends tell of small,
man-like creatures existing on eastern islands long ago, like Newer like Long Island.
The discovery of hominids in Southeast Asia almost to the start of agriculture 10,000
years ago means they were contemporaries of modern humans, said Morwood, and another piece
of the complex puzzle of human evolution. The hominid family tree which includes humans
and pre-humans that I've heard from chimpanzees about seven million years ago, all you Bible
thumping idiots, you july morons out there. Well the Bible says, I am right. Isn't that
pathetic? And that's why we are today. That's why I voted for religious extremism on a
very important part of ours today. I didn't put the Supreme Court on there. I guess I
could have. What was ranked question is to tumor. But the fact that it matter is why
from mother because we put individual things that, you know, like civil liberties religious
extremism and abortion which is only got one vote which is we don't have any, we have
no single women listening to show. There are no women listening to show. And I just saw
the thing of the latest gallop which of course is deserted to the right, but nevertheless
it shows carries only 6% ahead among women. You women out there, I'm not talking about
the old cop who's living there in cemetery village, they'll go on vote for carry, or you
old hoolie ex there in little Havana, they'll be out there in droves with their guava
vera's or whatever the hell they're where, what they were. I don't know. Schmathas.
I'll tell you what they were me out. But they'll all be out there. But what about these
single women, what about the younger women, what about the, oh, where are they? They've
just abandoned this, they've just been watching Mori Puvich in the jury's springer and all
that cocker right and waiting for Oprah. Oprah, are you ready for it? So what are you waiting
for? That's so depressing. When you stop to try to think of who these people are, I
mean they had a piece on the CBC last night they should, they were interviewing a bunch of
people in Texas and they were the biggest bunch of drooling yehoo's man. They made the
people in Anfield look like big city slickers. So what do you expect they're voting for?
Oh he's doing a good job, I'm voting for George W. Bush and Dick Chan, he's doing a fine
job over there in Iraq and say a protect minister model is evil to origin. Yeah. So if you're
in that category, if that's where you're coming from, by all means I go out there and click
one for the Bushmeister. Here's a good article by Jennifer Kerr on a website that you despise
Capitol Hill Blue. He spent 704 grand on 450 trips for lawmakers on two congressional oversight
committees. Their families and staff members in the past four years, they watched a group
reported. The biggest beneficiary was representative Billy Tausin, former chairman of the House
Energy and Commerce Committee, according to a study being released today by the Center
for Public Integrity. Tausin, the Republican of Louisiana, took 87 industry-funded trips
to Vegas and the Eagle, New York elsewhere at a cost of 139 grand. The report said Tausin
was retiring from Congress this year, stepped down as chairman on February 16th. The center
is the center based on figures on congressional office travel records from members of that
House Committee and Senate Science, Commerce and Transportation Committee. Both had furist
education over Q&A, Burns, Republican of Montana with 31 trips, founded an over 41 grand,
represented Fred Upton, Republican of Michigan with 14 trips worth 27 plus grand. Burns
defended his travel set as part of bringing better services to his constituents, calls
to the offices of 1000 Upton were not immediately returned yesterday. If you're regulating an
industry, it raises questions when you accept free trips another person in this industry,
it looks bad, it'd be looking bad, said John Dunbar, lead off through the report. The
National Cable and Telecommunications Association paid for the most trips, 102 at all, totaling
almost 200 grand. The trade group is lobby coverage and the past year to take a hands-off
approach to regulating phone calls on the Internet. It's also a result of a make-throughs
not-to-force cable companies who will also subscribeers to pick individual channels
rather than pay for a package of channels as they do now. Of this, Pan-Fort and Racial
trips included the United States Telecom Association, SBC Communications Inc., and the National
Association of Broadcasters, the NAB. The report found that the communications industry
defined as broadcasting, cable and telecommunications has spent $1.1 billion on lobbying and campaign
contributions since 1998. Over the same period, the industry favored George W. Bush with
a total of 1.8 million campaign contributions. Democrats John Carey received 1.1 million.
The war seems in real politics.
The war seems in real politics. The war seems in real politics. The war seems in real politics.
The war seems in real politics. The war seems in real politics. The war seems in real politics.
Oh, who are we kidding? No one's going to buy this garbage? He used to be funny when it was
an. 1245 at 560 W.Q.A. and Mad Dog at 2. We got Joe Zagaki with Paula Zagaki in advance for that
and four filling in for the Humphrey today because Joe Zagaki sucks, okay? In order to make sure that
everyone was supposed to receive an absentee of allocates a chance to vote, Michael Moore is coming to
four-law today. Oh! Terrali Barrett had a residence to talk to their neighbors and make sure that
every vote does count. Join us today at Joe Picasso is for an urgent community meeting and then
attend the press conference of Michael Moore to sign up for it. Tails, click here and he's got
to think action.moveonpack.org. It says we need to fight to make sure that every vote is counted
but the best way to defeat Republican dirty tricks is to make sure that John Carey wins by a landslide
in Florida. That's why move on members across Florida have been working hard on our huge ambitious
battlegrounds take it out to vote campaign to turn out 440,000 extra voters for Carey.
And for this afternoon we'll be meeting in downtown Fort Lauderdale at Joe Picasso is what?
What is that? It's obviously a restaurant, I guess. For an urgent community meeting to discuss how
you and your neighbors can play a key role in the campaign. After the meeting we'll fan out across
Fort Lauderdale for a few hours of work getting out the vote and to make sure every vote we generate
counts we'll reconvene at 7 p.m. at the Barrett County Supervisor Relections Office in Fort Lauderdale
to support Michael Moore in a press conference to bring attention to the missing absentee
ballast in Broward County. So anyway the meeting let's see the first one will be 4 to 638
Joe Picasso's 888 East Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale and then at 7 o'clock at the Brown County
elections office 115 South Andrews Avenue in Fort Lauderdale. It says at the meeting the move on
organized we'll explain how we can turn out dozens of new voters in each of our neighborhoods
and get you started right on the spot by all accounts this or anyone you think might be interested.
With only five days let the clock is ticking so sign up and yada yada yada got it got it
says Adam Rubin Rubin I've been thinking that this bush crowd is really thinking.
4 to 630 to 7 o'clock go online and check it out move on pack.
Check it enough? No why not you're not going to go there maybe get a free meal. Oh in that case.
State High Court here's the important stuff that your fat ass governor continues being very
concerned about. State now the father didn't like broccoli remember that right but this
particular son is obsessed with vegetables. The State Supreme Court agreed today to give
governor Jeff Bush and to late November to appeal the case of severely brain damage to
a shadow of the US Supreme Court. In a brief unside order Florida's high court stayed for
meetings in the state court till November 29 earlier today. Shabo says that Michael asked the
trial judge for a lot of removal of his wife's feeding tube November 9 less than a month earlier
than a deadline imposed by the court. George Filos and attorney for Michael Shabo told
circuit court judge George Greer that if I wonder if he's related to Rosie Greer that appeals
on several legal issues should run their course in time to allow removal of the tube earlier.
Pull that to when a dog pull that baby out all right and cut the crap already. Look this
poor lady die. Any delay or stay greater than that we don't believe with serve any constructive
purpose. Filos told the judge but David Gibbs is not the bill they used to make one of the
Greeks use that for. P g. Not sure if they the Greek pastries that I love so much. Baklava.
Oh they make that with Filos don't they? What the hell should I do? Well what you better get whether
you don't have you know like Baklava. That's all right. We had Baklava over here. People
when we used to get food brought in all the time people would bring in Baklava which is
loaded with sugar and carbs and stuff and not good for it but man it is delicious. Filos
though sounds great to me. Yeah well you ought to know. I don't. But David Gibbs an attorney for the
woman pair woman's parents Bob and Mary Schindler who have been fighting their Senegal on
corporate years ask her to extend the stay past his December 6 deadline so all possible appeals
could be exhausted. I'm exhausted just from hearing about this crap. Basically it's your call
gives told the judge you had the discretion. Greer City would rule as early as tomorrow but told
Filos it probably would run past November 9. Greer issued a stay last week and he rejected
requests from the Schindler's for a new trial and whether their daughter would want to be kept
alive with the court of Zoolda's a persistent vegetative state Florida. He have said he's
preparing an appeal to the second district court of appeals, yada yada yada and it just goes on
and on and governor fat ass he's got a personal interest in keeping this subrottal live.
I understand why it doesn't care. The only people they care about are the unborn fetuses
and people in a vegetative state. If you're actually like living and breathing and can like
a function they don't give a flying crap about you. That's just the way it is.
WQM hello. Neil. Yes ma'am. I just got here in Sputans for a cherry. I waited for two hours.
It was worth it and everybody was right. You know wait for two hours which means there were tens of
people voting right? Exactly. In Howlanddale. Oh yeah. And everybody else felt the same way I did.
It was worth it. Excellent. Good. I was sweet. I never got my abs feed down.
You never got one in and I worked for the first time so I can guarantee most people worked for the
first time for our democratic. So we did not do this. Now it sounds to me like an inside job
they're probably supposed to ran off of them. I think so. But that's a good lesson though for
anybody else out there who's waiting they're saying they're sending them out again. It's already
Thursday. No. There's not a China man's chance in hell that they're going to get that ballot
and then send it back in in time by Tuesday. So they ought to follow your lead and go down and take
a couple of hours. It's very important. Early in often. Thanks a lot sweetheart.
Bye. How do you like that? That was excellent. And I'll leave you know that's a lady. There is one.
Yeah. W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil God. Yeah exactly.
I wanted to wait on your poll that's my issue that's most important for the
this election is a Supreme Court. This sounds like rich job but I know it's not.
No sir. Do you ever know me rich job? No sir. Well don't touch his calf. He does sound
a lot like him. Go ahead. But I get out of here. This is a Supreme Court if they if they fill those
four spots. The version that's next turn of man. That's for the American for decades. That is
correct. They're going to put more on back abortion is just the it's just inside. It's
like that iceberg. Right. They want to control the internet. They want to control Hollywood. I
saw a bumper sticker that said, uh, potent for Bush. It said finished liberating Iraq and then
put that Hollywood. Oh great. People you got crab. Yeah. Anyway, these are the same people by the way
they got the grow up in the running around the country campaigning for them. That's same crowd.
Yeah. Have they ever get that in there? Not hypocrites of course. Then again, there's always
Bill O'Reilly and Rush. But no, don't confuse him with the facts. Running real. Thanks.
The propinator he's running around in Ohio and me. She's getting a campaign for the president.
I bet you the candidates aren't too happy about that. No. Oh, speaking of that, speaking of
putting up a little bit, manhood question and Senate campaign. I bet you that Josh there who
pretends to be a little bit of a sportsman. He'll remember Jim Bunning used to picture the
tiger before he was born. No, I don't. Definitely. Well, he's a senator in Kentucky now. He's
not alone. And of course, almost every time a jock turned the politician, it likes Steve large
and you remember him of course. Yes. Right. When not, well, here's another one. In fact,
he's becoming fruity or nutty or by the minute, Jim Bunning is losing his marbles and how he's
almost blown the election at a big lead. A top state Republican called Democratic U.S.
Senate candidate Dan Wenzharto, limperist, did and another GOP state legislator said she
questions whether the word man applies to him in speeches during Senator Jim Bunning's
desperate campaign bus tour yesterday. Both state Senate president David Williams of
Berksville and state senator Elizabeth Tury of rag fluke Kentucky denied the intended
to raise questions about non-Jarodos sexual orientation. No Tury later said that if any listeners
thought she was referring to his sexuality, so be it. After being told of the comments,
Monsar Dosed Campaign Manager said Bunning and his allies are running a gutter campaign,
a campaign of sleaze and smear. You see, that's basically what the Republicans are doing.
Carries are bad, man. He said, he's so far to the left. He makes Kennedy look like a conservative.
And they don't talk about what they've done in four years because why would you? Well, what's
to talk about? Right. Exactly. The disaster. Whether it's jobs in the economy, whether it's what's
going on in Iraq, whether it was 9-11, whether they, uh, the environment, any issue. You name it.
After being told of the comments, Monsar Dosed Campaign Manager said Bunning and his allies
are running a gutter campaign. I just said that. The incumbent Republicans' reaction grab is on
the ropes. Said Kim Geberton during the Monsar Dosed Own bus tour in eastern Kentucky. He had about
a 24-lead not delayed. I just checked it this morning. He's one point ahead. All right. And that was
before this incident. Bunning is family and GOP officials are on a five-day swing across the
state. They hope to show that Bunning is healthy and active at the age of 73 and doesn't
drool too much and also emphasized the Republican base in conservative and rural parts of Kentucky.
The tourist schedule would conclude tomorrow evening in Georgetown. Williams, at least twice
harder was gay. Lynn Friston in her own weakness. It's not a sexual slur, Williams said. I'm not
going to have them limiting my choice of vocabulary. My freedom of speech, you said, referring to Bunning's
opposition. Besides, I don't understand the Democrats on this one, Williams said. I'm not saying
anything about anyone's sexual orientation, but if I were, are they saying that's
purgurative? That it's bad to be homosexual? I don't think they would say that, but I can
they have it both ways. How can you have it both ways? Lynn was bad to be talking about Mary
Cheney and the fact that Vice President and his wife Lynn had got a bull-dike daughter.
Hey, dramatist desk.
Water Jets Lauer!
A prize!
We don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't care, we don't
I wish it weren't for me, for a sorrow, for a sorrow, for a sorrow, for our sorrow Let us those ain't what, see.
We'll jak asking ways, being bold, let us ngoode whatever will it be for, you, it won't be enough or shit buddies
The hero comes through a city.
And he's sitting there.
You see that?
It's like a city.
It's an airport through a Paris-Hart Creek,
and then they said he'll choke on that.
That's a rich French fruit.
Who he's staying. You see that?
Yeah. He said he probably thinks they'd pee on his filafel anyway,
and they probably did.
It would be something to be croaked right before the US elections.
Never have the Pope died there like in the middle of night with a bad cup of tea.
In any rate, these things happen.
Speaking of people who died mysteriously,
friend to testify about O.J. Simpson's finances.
Oh, brother.
I still wonder.
Am I the only one who wonders how it is that he kind of like walks around and loses?
I mean, everybody knows he's a double murderer.
The lowest form of subhuman slime.
And now that's screw-annied there anymore to cheerlead him for,
I guess we got the water I'd see and probably your buddy.
Yeah, the commander-in-theaf there, it's in that place.
But other than that, I don't think we have too many O.J. liquories in that building to think.
Who does?
I hope not.
Anyway, a friend of O.J. Simpson has been ordered to appear in court regarding the finances
of the former football star and double murderer,
who was acquitted of course of double murder in a foamy trial,
but slapped with $33.5 million judgment that remains unpaid to the victims' families.
Not a dime, not a penny, not a peso.
Alfred Beardesley must appear in November 23rd,
Los Angeles, Superior Court in Santa Monica.
The order issued Tuesday was that the request of Fred Goldman,
who was suddenly brutally stabbed in the air,
along with the cold brown Simpson, by O.J. and a fit of a peak.
Maybe he'd done it with an ice peak, although I think it might have been that knife that he bought at that shop?
Yeah, that might have been it.
I got a paper jam.
Uh-oh.
I think that I put some jam on it.
Alfred Beardesley must appear in November 23rd,
in the LA Superior Court in Santa Monica.
The order issued was that I just got through reading that.
Fred Goldman's attorney wrote in declaration filed with the court that Beardesley had knowledge
of Simpson's financial condition and of his non-exempt property,
which may be ordered to be applied to the satisfaction of the judgment.
I hope they take his shoes, those ugly Bruno Mali shoes, his pantaloonies, his underwear, all in his crat.
His crat pipe.
Right. The attorney also wrote that Beardesley, who works in the entertainment and real estate industries,
may have control over some of Simpson's property. Good.
Simpson was acquitted, I well we know about that, but I mean,
but I'm about to order him to pay 33 and a half million when they found him clearly in the civil trial,
because Simpson lives in Florida, which we all know is why he went there in the first place,
his pension cannot be touched.
He said he feels no obligation to pay because he didn't commit the murders.
Right.
Remember those days when Bordre was going to put him on the air?
Remember that?
Actually didn't last too long did it.
Well, you guys over there at CheapChannel, you should know how to do it.
As a matter of fact, I was also thinking about this in the last 24 hours.
Think about the fan.
Remember the fan, total bomb disaster, yeah.
Think about Fox Sports Network, okay?
Another clear channel disaster, because they didn't want to paint anybody who was a real talent.
And now think about these millionaires that came along with just endless amounts of money,
that put on an ESPN 790 thing and they went away first thing, Harry Jo Rose,
and not only knows who else they might be, Harry, I'm pretty soon.
And they're going to have an impact.
See the difference?
Let's see.
Here's the fact that it says,
100,000 plus Iraqi deaths since the war says a study.
And of course they ever talk about this because they keep telling us about how they love freedom.
They love freedom and democracy.
And they want to be free.
Well, of course, once you're dead, man, you're free.
You can't get much fear than that.
So we never hear about that.
And then we hear about all the wounded Americans.
And there was another, I forget how many of the last two days now.
They're at least two more so you know, so they aren't even reporting anymore.
It's too close to the auction time.
Right.
Anyway, deaths of Iraqis have soared to 100,000 above normal since the Iraq war,
mainly due to violence.
And many of the victims have been women and children, public health experts from the US said today.
Making conservative assumptions, we think that about 100,000 excess deaths are more of happened
since the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Researchers from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore said
in a report published online by the Lancet Medical Journal.
Violence accounted for most of the excess death and an air strike from US-led coalition forces accounted for the most violent deaths the report added.
George Bush jumped to conclusions about weapons of mass destruction and he rushed to war without a plan to win the peace.
George Bush jumped to conclusions about how the Iraqi people would receive our troops.
He not only jumped to conclusions, he ignored the facts that he was given by his generals, by the Congress, by the experts.
George Bush's own words, he shouldn't be our commander-in-chief and I couldn't agree more.
You go, John.
Anyway, the new figures based on surveys done by the researchers in Iraq are much higher than early estimates based on think tank and media sources which put the Iraqi civilian debt pull-up to 16,000 military fatalities is high, 60s-70s, and the audiobook goes on with numbers.
Yeah, once you get to too many numbers, they can't handle it.
First think about 100,000 innocent dead people, okay?
We're not talking about the evil doers, I mean that's over and above.
Sure we are. Those babies attacked us.
Oh, that's right, they're all evil doers, I forgot about that.
Hold on, Shmata heads.
I have to write the news to you, but if you're back, these aren't Shmata heads.
In fact, the Shmata heads are the Saudis, aren't they?
Yeah, they sure are.
So the Iranians too?
Right, oh, the Iranians with that Iatola.
The Iranians who may be right now using some of that 380 tons of crap that we have,
the hazardous materials to build out only those what?
With their evil eye, it's all them.
A freak tie, this story makes you want to cry speaking of evil eye.
Maybe I better take a call or two first to come be down about the electoral college
and the rest that we can be looking at again.
You think that 2000 was bad?
Nobody QAAM, hello?
Hey, I'm behind one right now.
They got the yellow license plate choose life with the W-O-4.
Oh my God.
And I was wondering where I could get one of those rocket launchers,
or any propelling things that they have all over Iraq right now.
He's hard to remember, he's hard to remember.
I could take one out right now.
We're going to a job, Pali.
If you're in Iraq, you can just pick one up anywhere.
Oh yeah.
I think that you float them.
Oh, line 9, we haven't talked to them today.
QAAM, hello?
Yeah, and you know, I was going to go and I heard you say,
I heard you say, well, the dolphins are for Bush.
We're okay, great.
WQAM, hello?
QAAM.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hey, and you know how are you?
Okay.
I know you were talking about the $380, like all the...
That's $380, $380.
Because I call it with the carrier's canvases,
yet there's a better stop to the $380,
and I actually say it in pounds.
It's over 800,000 pounds.
Most of it has gone over the pound and off.
Let's round it off.
Almost a million pounds of explosive.
And one pound was enough to bring downtown out 103.
Right, that's correct.
Yes, so I think if you will have more impact,
I hope you can.
You can't run over here.
He uses it more.
And I'm glad he uses the finally that Mr. Bush's words
he's not against him yesterday,
but he's well, you have to be a commander in chief.
You can be...
Well, he jumped the conclusion, didn't he?
Yeah.
You bet.
I mean, he jumped the conclusion that his own military,
his own CIA, everybody had to...
Hey, don't confuse him with the fast baby.
This was all written up before he ever,
they ever stole the election.
That was part of the plan.
He had a stealing election to get in there.
911 had happened in order to pave the way for this to go in.
And this is all part of the plan.
If you watched it from plan,
there was a program that he's went back about
the war for its originals back in 1990 to the first call for
what they wanted to go to back that.
He had that plan from 92.
But things Bush won didn't do it because he was afraid of the same thing
that is happening now.
Those new conservatives...
They had to get somebody in there that can manipulate
with IQ lower than they are your thumbnail,
and that's exactly what they did.
I'm a Republican.
I'm not a New Yorker.
I'm voting against them because as a Republican,
he has violated every conservative thing that I was believing.
Not to mention all the other juggernaut deficit.
Oh, that's exactly right.
We have deficits.
He promised no nation building.
Why haven't we done one?
And then he said flip flop.
He promised no child left behind.
He promised we're going to be a humble nation.
People are going to respect us more.
Yes, it was.
Nobody likes us anymore.
You know what they do, Pally?
Yes.
Both often.
All right.
There you go.
There's another Republican that's going to vote for Kerry.
A free tie result in the US presidential election
could mean the House of Representatives would choose the next president
a scenario that would favor Bush.
But since the Senate would decide the vice presidency,
Bush could end up with Democrats on Edwards.
If you thought the Colbert he did say he was standing next to a good-looking guy.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
He held a lot better than his running mate.
We know about the 538th Representative of the Electoral College
when it needs to get to 70.
Nathan Richie, a Youngstown State University mathematician,
calculates there's a 3.25% chance of a 269 to 269 time
the Electoral College and the accounts have increased since late summer.
Looking at the 10 closest states, there are 17 ways this can occur.
17 out of a 1024 possible outcomes Richie said
was been tracking statistics in this year's contest between Bush and Kerry.
The odds of a tie fluctuates as states move out and off the battleground
list accordingly as polls, after all nobody a few months ago saw
states like Hawaii with four electoral votes
or Colorado would nine even be in play.
Even if Bush wins two-day by a single electoral vote,
there's still a chance of it to hitch because a small town mayor in West Virginia
who's a Republican elector may not cast his vote for Bush
when the elector is convened on December 13th.
Gosh, I just don't know.
It's soft Charleston Mayor Richie Robb said.
He said he admired the first president George Bush,
but opposed the sons of Iraq and tax policies.
As a Vietnam veteran, he also resents the attacks on Kerry's war record.
There have been a handful of so-called faithless electors in the last century,
but none have ever decided the presidency.
Robb acknowledged he could find himself in that position,
but said a bit nervously, I don't think it's that likely,
as he looked around and tried to crawl into the bed.
Can you imagine?
No.
There is no federal law requiring electors to vote according to the results
of the popular vote in their states, but some states do bond electors to the popular vote results.
The only previous tie, speaking of that, was in 18th-ember when Thomas Jefferson,
Aaron Burr, each got 73 electoral votes,
a house chose Jefferson and Burr under the system and in place,
Burr became vice president.
Got it?
Got it.
Got it.
Got to put a Burr in his cell.
How's Alexander Hallendulment?
Let's see him do more.
113 at 5, 60 WQM.
It's always a great time no matter what time it is to call Donald McCriss, 1-800-Mecriss.
And I was an even better time than ever because Donald McCriss is slashing prices on
server-matrices, called 1-800-Mecriss.
Now, in say, an additional 20% off their super low factory-direct prices on top-quality server-
assertive perfect clickers only at Donald McCriss.
When you call 1-800-Mecriss or get same data, they deliver it all across town.
You pick the date and time for it to fit your schedule, whatever to our window you like,
and Donald McCriss is proud of their on-time 99% record.
It's unbeatable.
Donald McCriss ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, a local tour to excellence award.
If you want, you can waste a lot of time and gas and money and slip all over town from
betting store to department store and back and forth.
Instead, you can be smart like I always do to sit there on your ass and pick up that phone
and get to the best deal on a mattress all the way around.
Call 1-800-Mecriss today and you'll have a great night sleep as soon as tonight.
On a surd-perfect sleeper from Donald McCriss and for years to come.
Just log on to their website, mattress.com or make that call right now.
1-800-Mecriss 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S
You are a student of the Royal Rogers.
Next, music lady.
On 5-60-M-A-M.
Beyond God.
From a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes a film about the real Michael Moore
and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience store snack.
Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones.
Maron Heights 7-11.
Explosing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the Arab world.
Fireballs to cupcakes for a worse store than just a chicken man.
Stand and wake up the water came in and defour everything.
From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gyms and condy bars.
You'll find out that man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all.
Here won't stop until it is been called Michael Moore is a real cat on it.
Maron Heights 7-11.
He is made congressman.
We're recruiting to show them a politician's to work in conveying his stores.
When Michael Moore comes in with a hangar for 20s, sir, please come back and I'll take a second.
Maron Heights 7-11.
Now showing 24 hours a day.
7 days a week.
And guess who's going to be on Paul Azane to clock on CNN tonight?
I mean, certainly not news network.
Michael Moore?
Good guess.
How do you like that?
So he's everywhere.
He's in Broward trying to help find him 60,000 lost absentee ballots.
He's working with the move on people and then he's going to move on at eight o'clock in the beyond with Paul Azane.
I'm really amazed that they're actually putting him on as somebody must have gotten to them.
Maybe it's because of that same clear thing that I did.
Now listen, when you've got a little bit of spare time today and over the weekend,
you might want to go to the Arages.com.
Not just the usual fun games like we got Barbara Cabrera behind the big curtain that it was just fine,
but even more exciting than I think.
And then I missed my videos on there, which I want to see a state.
So that's a band.
Right.
I say for him, right?
And more importantly than that, the two things above.
First of all, the die bull walking the Florida state vote,
a electronic voting system.
Did you try that?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I just try voting for carry on that and then of course the button that not only doesn't register,
but then it says like running away and then it turns into a bush button.
That's Florida.
That's the Florida FN way.
But underneath that, maybe the greatest thing we've ever had on our website,
the Bush, give Bush a brain game.
It's hard to get away from that thing, you know?
I remember the one we had the dancing bush.
Yeah, yeah.
Now that was great.
But this one might even be better because you have to like try to drop,
you know, it has a bunch of brains that keep popping up on there.
And he's got the head open there waiting and it keeps moving around.
Like one of those things that are carnival at an amusement park.
Right.
And when you actually, when you finally get lucky and you drop the brain in W's head,
all of a sudden his head starts like a light bulb,
and he starts spewing out some really fantastic stuff like...
Abukar, even better than that.
So there's some for you to play with over the weekend, so to speak.
560-560 on a year for Ryzen and Singular Wireless Lines.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'd like to make a suggestion for the bull today.
Yes, ma'am.
I think that you should add national security as one of the choices.
Okay.
Is that your choice?
No, actually, it's not.
I can't decide everything.
My main issue is getting the head of office.
Okay, good choice, leader.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Okay, national security.
You got that on it?
How about Homeland Security?
How's that sound?
You got it there?
Can you handle it?
That's H-O-O-S-E-X.
I'm Sir.
I'm a Homo.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
On Wednesday we were all going to have a very religious experience.
We're all going to hear from a burning bush.
You know, we're going to hear the voice from the burning bush.
Let me say this.
His idea of freedom is the same as Janice Stoplin.
Freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose.
Right.
That's how we're going to be.
We have nothing left.
I knew Janice was good for something.
Okay.
Thanks, Bally.
Bye-bye.
Zaggazin.
That's what the Chinese say.
Zaggazin, for what you claim out there, what kind of code we're talking.
Okay, we're talking Jutok.
Okay.
You get it?
Too bastard.
W.A.M.
Oh, yes.
That's right.
I'd like to.
Okay, great.
Boy, you're quick on him.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Mr. Rogers?
Mr. Rogers, yes.
How you doing, sir?
Huh?
Okay.
I've ever been publicly involved in Democrat this year.
All right.
And I want to tell you the reason why I'm talking about it.
Anybody else who wants to go for George Bush, but I'm listening to this quick, low story.
The 22 years of me, my father and Virginia.
I'm done here visiting my father and mother now.
I retired now here.
And for 22 years, we've designed certain electronic parts for the government.
The two years ago, we get a letter from the government statement, boy, you're a contract.
And we bought it in court, and of course, we love.
And it turns out that they gave our contract to some company in South Korea.
And it turned out to have to be 72% more for the product than what we were charging.
So, no matter what, they're outsourcing your life and your business and even paying for the contract.
Well, I think they're going to work.
Because of this, my business, we had the one bank grump that we had to close down.
We were, I mean, 90% of our business are for the government.
And I had to release over 600 fold employees in my company.
And this is a lot of great, I've not been a Republican for the last 20 years in my life.
And I'm never a Republican again.
No, I'm not a Republican again, man.
And they destroyed 600 fold like this, man, did.
And he's capable of doing anything now.
Not counting the family that are destroyed from the death of these kids that are fighting a war that we should be in first place.
Well, just let everybody know what a worthless, you know, he is.
Okay, good luck to you, Pallee.
All right, then.
Thanks.
How you like that?
I don't think.
Lots of stories out there in the making city all across the country, boys and girls,
who continues outsourcing your jobs, outsourcing your life, sending your kids away to be made into a human sacrifice.
I'm glad the woman called a business, because I was afraid for a second she was going to say that it was her issue.
And then of course it turned out she had more sense than that.
But this business about, you know, the women of America, especially the housewives, now they're going more toward bush because they're worried about homeland security.
Here's a guy that's made the world about a thousand times more dangerous than it ever was before.
Under his watch, we had the only terrorist attack in the history of this country on our soil.
And he's going to do something for our homeland security.
You see, one thing I will say is that generally speaking, women, I don't want to sound sexist, but women scare more easily than men.
Yeah.
So the scare tactics that they've been using constantly about, well, you know, we're going to have nuclear weapons.
They're going to be attacking the major cities that kind of would know, I mean, Cheney every other day comes out with another one of these wild accusations.
And about if Kerry gets in, it's hell of a lot more likely we're going to have another terrorist attack based on what?
And about how weak he's going to be.
So just make crap up as they go along.
And like Kerry has started to say last couple of days, they have nothing.
They have nothing after four years in office.
All they can do is make personal attacks.
Here's a decorated warrior hero, and they had to spend two months of the summertime defending his war record against these so-called Swiftbo veterans that they dug up and paid for with NRA money for all these spots you see on TV.
It's a smear because that's all enough.
He didn't enter John McCain. He's been doing it. That's how he's faked his way through his whole life.
Faking his way through the Yale, through the National Guard, through the Texas Rangers. You name it.
Not of course to mention his father has brother who is busy trying to keep people from voting and flooring again.
See, they don't mind if everybody votes as long as it's the everybody that they want to vote. Everybody else, bug off.
That that story alone about how Jim comes up.
I mean, it's one thing to pull. You know, I talk about brazen and blatant.
And I guess they figured they can get away with it again because they didn't write in broad daylight four years ago.
And just like that bit that Bokobrand that we just got through playing about, you know, let us in.
They ship in all these outsiders. They bust them in from DC and everywhere else who have nothing to do with Florida.
And they were there because it's winning by intimidation. That's what it's all about.
They intimidated, they intimidated their way right into the White House.
So if you're happy with four years of fascism and all of a sudden insanity that's going on in human sacrifice for your kids,
then by all means you should vote for four more years of this.
How is that pull coming? Let me get two edge of it here. We still got a ways to go.
Okay. All right. We still got a month to go before this finished counting the votes and fixing it up again.
I mean, which campaign issue is most important to you?
We've got 633 vote. Homeland Security got one. We just put it on there. Jobs in the economy 171. Iraq 161.
Civil liberties 105. Religion's extreme is a 93.
None of them get it over with already 69. Stemsel Research 23. Cuba 9. It was Cuba. Cuba.
The draft for Israel for abortion 3. And like I said, Homeland Security we have it when I think Tom Ridge voted.
We're going to be all right. Exclusive voting. We are voting 161.
Roger Scott.
Oh my God. I'm sorry not here. Every day is a new sport. We have a yellow light.
They have something to hide. They have a blue light.
What's ringing? A blue candle.
What's up? What's up? You're the two who like the yellow light.
The time. The poverty of life. And that's why we have a yellow light.
The meaning of what these lights do.
What is I told you? She's at his desk with the set of low pens and who knows God to do.
18,000. What's in this view? The new day you have a yellow light.
Look at that tally on the floor right now.
666. What is that? What is the drama part?
Lincoln dropped it. I'm seriously seriously ill.
How does he know his like his PJs? What is that? What kind of a schmata's that?
Anyway, he's not going to Paris to Gaker. He says he's staying right there where he is.
He likes it in his compound. W.
Even I'm amused by that.
666 votes on that poll. What does that tell you? The Antichrist is alive and well.
He's roaming the earth. His name is George W. Bush.
So while you're religion is out there, if you think you're going to be doing the right thing,
you're going to be doing the far right thing if you go for the Antichrist.
Of course, I shouldn't tell them that because they're ancient for Armageddon, baby.
Where's campaign issue is most important to you? Jobs in the economy.
180. Iraq 168. Civil liberties 114. Religious extremism.
88. Crazy religious nuts.
Excuse me, redundancy.
None of these get it over with already 70. Stem saw research 23. Cuba 9.
The draft 6. Israel 4. Abortion 3. Animal Man Security still got one.
Do you have 666 on your thing? I did. That's what I got. Let's move it up.
Yeah, it's moving on up. W.A.M. Hello.
I'm not a lot of men meant.
Are we going to have meetings to decide how the profits that the race tracks and front times make it divided up?
You mean from the slides?
The straight answer on this.
What do you mean you can't get a straight answer?
Wait a second. Wait a second. Calm down a second.
Don't get all looked up into a frenzy. Because as usual, I got the straight.
I got the straight right here. I read it before.
I hope I hear it is. In fact, if you go back to your radio and listen, I'll read it again.
I know what it says about the taxes, but the profits they make.
Are you going to give it back to some of the employees, the horsemen?
Some by destiny.
There's no question that it's going to go to.
What do you think they're going to track on them for in the first place? Of course.
Well, I'm going to run the tower that was at the track. Are they going to get away?
I can't tell you about the individual people.
But when you have that much more handle, the money going through there would seem likely that everybody's going to benefit.
I don't know. I'm going to do some jobs at tower. That's why I was concerned.
I'm not a tower either. I'm just going to find a way.
It can only be better, man.
All right. I'll take your word for it.
Okay. Good luck.
Four horse. Don't forget.
Now, seriously, I mean, the person's like here at Woodbine. The person's going up dramatically.
Anywhere that they have a sloth. Look at Dover Downs. Forget about Canadae.
Look at Dover Downs and Delaware. Think he little track there.
Harrington.
And the person's are gigantic. Why? Because they have sloths there.
And because an enormous amount of revenue goes into the person's end of the horsemen
and the industry that is enabling them to be there.
And then plus the big chunk that goes to the state.
And in this case, specifically here, I will read this again. I'm glad he mentioned this.
Because you really need to be motivated to vote. Yes, I'm amendment four.
Now that all these scare monsters are out there again.
Oh, the mob is going to command. There's going to be so much crime.
Well, how can there be crime at the racetrack? What are they talking about?
Well, you know, whether it's gambling, there's crime and drugs and prostitutes and all.
And it's just needed to work.
I see.
If Florida voters opened the door for slot machines and they'd been
Broward the tracks in front on sets of innovative signed an agreement.
They signed it on paper, baby.
To hand over 30% of their slot profits to schools throughout the state,
even if the state legislature never votes to let any attacks on them.
Seven permutual facilities in the two county area of signed a legal agreement
with the Florida School Board's Association to hand over profits
that the estimate could reach $438 million in the first year.
And two and a half billion over five years, two and a half billion.
There's been a lot of talk about wanting to guarantee this money goes to the school,
said former state education commissioner Jim Horen,
who is the hired spokesman for amendment four.
There's been a lot of cynicism and questioning emotives,
so today we're putting our absolute guarantee on it.
Recent polls show that state voters are more amenable to the supporting the slot proposal
if they feel assured the promised dollars will actually go to education.
And it goes on about Florida's public schools are woefully underfunded,
said Wayne Blanton executive directed the Florida School Board's association.
We rank at the bottom 25% nationally,
and at the same time have unprecedented demands placed on us,
amendment four will go a long way to help all our schools.
Under the agreement, the School Board Association will distribute the money
to all 67 school districts in the state using the state education funding formula.
The School Board Association meanwhile promised it would ensure there's public oversight
of how the money is distributed in an annual public audit of how it's fed.
I mean, how can you beat that?
As opposed to just giving a, you know,
a wing in a prayer in a big generalized promise they put it in writing
and they're about as specific as you can get.
What's not to like, right?
It's a sign.
It's a sign.
Except all in evil to work.
You see, this is the only way that opponents of a rational society can operate
is to scare everybody, to peel to your most, to your fears and your worth instincts.
Everything is evil.
Everything is bad.
They're going to bring me into the world.
And of course, if a Bush and Eric in all his right wing lunatics,
that could certainly bring me into the world.
Not that I'm trying to scare you.
Right, it doesn't they want.
A top-intercredit congressman has accused the Food and Drug Administration.
Not that we don't want to interrupt your government, of course.
Of deliberately withholding documents that he said described severe problems
at Kiran's flu vaccine factory until after next week's presidential election.
How do you like that?
Just like all those other documents, just like that CIA report about top officials
who were responsible for a 9-11 allowing it to happen.
Oh, let's not tell anybody until after the election,
just like Bush and a lot of the base mechanics commented about,
well, maybe in December, let's have an opinion, drugs, you buy them.
Yeah, maybe in December, after you put me in there again,
just maybe he'll stop helping out his friends in the pharmaceutical industry,
but don't count on it.
And letter this week to the FDA,
Representative Henry Waxman of California, the senior Democrat on the House Committee on Government Reform,
said that confidential sources inside the FDA told him the Office of Acting FDA Commissioner Lester Crawford
had received documents describing the FDA's findings of the Liverpool plant
and addressing whether the flu vaccine crisis could be prevented.
The agency has so far refused requests from Congress and the media
for copies of FDA inspection reports and other documents describing problems
at the Kiran plant, including the results of an inspection in June 2003
about the time the Kiran acquired a facility.
Because of the problems at the Plain and Liverpool England,
almost 50 million doses of flu vaccine were withheld from the markets this year
about half the US supply.
Waxman quoted the sources saying that Crawford or someone in his office had made a decision
not to release these documents to Congress until after the election.
A spokesman for Waxman said the sources in individual known to Waxman staff
and we believe the person to be speaking the truth.
The individual's name is being withheld because of their recriminations
and because obviously he wants to stay alive.
He will assume to be a Rogers.
Clips and tell you are on 560-60-8-AM.
You brought your back home?
Yes.
Back home.
I'm tired of the hair.
I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Ever since this presidential race began,
I've often wondered who was going to win.
Some probably people went to do their voting choice.
So count up all the ballots and find out who's got more.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like I've got them just be their votes too.
Patrick, you can end.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
I don't know.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
The final tabulation started from a new.
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10.
Oh my god.
Some may be people all together in a bunch.
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch.
Welcome.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like I've got them just be their votes too.
Patrick, you can end.
Boy.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
The final tabulation started from a new.
Was it just you?
the ball.
What are you doing?
You dropped something in.
Oh, what about Scottie Mackigan?
He's a celebrity again today, Scottie Mack.
Why?
Voice from the past.
Thank God.
I was speaking to Scottie Mack in silly college kids.
I was going to, I don't know, I guess I did mention this few days ago, but it bears repeating
again.
Scores of college students in Pennsylvania and Oregon have had their voting registration
switched by teams of Republican canvases circulating bogus petitions.
And in some cases partially concealed voter registration forms that students were requested
to sign.
Partially concealed voter registration forms.
Are you following this?
No.
The canvases of visited campuses asking students to sign petitions advocating lower auto insurance
rates, medical marijuana or stricter rape laws according to election officials.
After signing their names, the students were pressured into registering with the Republican
party, lobbying told that their signatures otherwise would be invalid, or they were asked
to fill out the signature and address portions of black voter registration forms as proof
of citizenship.
Huh?
In multiple, in another would just sign here.
In multiple instances, students already registered voter had their registrations changed
without their consent.
Elections officials said yesterday, this is in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette.
Petition campuses in Pennsylvania apparently didn't identify themselves, although one told
the University of Pittsburgh student that he was being paid by the Republican party.
In another instance, the head of the Oregon students associations had a canvases or important
state university told him he was with Project America votes, a Republican-backed registration
effort.
Elections officials said the switch in party registration would not affect the students
eligibility cast ballots for the candidates of their choice in November 2, although it
could determine the party primaries which they could take part in the future.
Several said they were mystified while the canvases would bother to change registrations,
although one told a student Oregon that he was receiving 12 bucks for each new Republican
registration.
You see, they got more money.
The Democrats, you only get 8 bucks.
But pretty Republicans, if they can switch over to a bogus, you get 12 bucks.
Students at the Indiana University of Pennsylvania, in a branch campus of Montgomery County
Community College, told officials they were tricked into filling out black voter registration
forms, listing their names and addresses when they signed a petition advocating the
legalization of marijuana for medicinal purposes.
Yeah.
That's just like the Jews voting for Buchanan.
It's the same thing.
Oh, that's a choice.
I'm pretty sure that they weren't students who was needed to verify his status as a voter.
Several days later, struggle received a male notification that his party registrar has
been switched to, you've nested Republican.
IUP appeared to have been hit hardest by the scan.
County voter registration director Donna Hoover said as many as 400 registrations suspect
forms arrived in her office, most of them she said changed the registered party as
students would sign up to vote just days earlier during registration drive by two other
groups, America coming together and VIP.
Most of the students and registered Democrats at the day before Hoover said, I've talked
to the sheriff.
The sheriff is coming in, baby.
That's right.
Markings on many of the forms appeared to be in the same handwriting, she said.
How do you like that?
Just sign here.
Don't just sign anywhere.
Okay, before you sign anything, read it.
Or have somebody read it to you.
Well, especially if you're like a college student at U of M. Have somebody read it to you.
Let's just sign here.
Oh, well, there you go.
Thank you, Blin.
Greg Reen, Coral Springs, who's just unbelievably chronic, says, I'm sorry to be a chronic
factor this week.
You are, Greg.
Get a life.
But you report on the discovery of fossils of tiny species, you might say that my father,
a father is nursing home, is that the feces of the species?
Oh, we could play that, maybe?
No.
Okay.
My father's nursing home in Boca didn't receive about it.
It doesn't absentee balance.
I requested for the race of little people at the home.
Here is how you can fix that if the same thing happens to your fossils, I mean, parents
up in Palm Beach called for resell of pores off as that bitch, and allow you to come
in front and pick up new absentee balance.
See, here's the thing I don't understand.
Why would you want to waste your time doing that when you can do the early voting anyway,
right?
Right.
I mean, you're obviously going to probably have to stand online longer to do the voting,
but at least get it done.
At least that way there's a chance it might count.
Gregory says I'm working as an attorney for Kerry, not only is it a great thing to do
a saucer, a way to meet women or men, so come down to your local Kerry office.
And here's the victory in 2004, as Gregory in the road, hell, he is.
Hey, like that.
Did we, did I also make you put health care on there?
How can we leave that off?
Am I a moron or what?
And you didn't remind me.
Help me.
Major, major issue, baby.
When it doubt, stick it out.
Just put it on there.
Feel my user.
I'm the hunter.
People's dead and alive.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All we're flying.
Yeah.
Okay, all right.
Hope you enjoyed our lives.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, we, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging, we aging
I'm a little bit more of a man than a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a
man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man
we can leak it out, we can leak it out, we can leak it out, we can leak it out.
oh yeah that feels great!
