Thanks for our audience would never pay one of those pay for you pricey price right?
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Aya.
My heavy fort, Lutterdale.
Good good good, Lutterdale.
Stop!
You fired up when I hear someone say that.
There was a no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's adding the metal just shaking his fist and some boys who were down by the prick.
They're being the water, their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
They're came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature, she sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white rough feet done.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
All the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you sinlier from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock.
It looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big face out front.
If he asked her fun lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she bent over and sucked on his candy so tasty made of butter scratch.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself.
Oh my god.
Oh, two advice 60.
You notice how much mow is out sick?
Oh yeah.
What is that all about?
I'm not sure.
Last day I missed sick a year ago February, almost a year and a half ago.
Nothing on panting myself on the back where I used to have that boil.
And by the way, for all you medical experts out there who don't know your answer from Zach's elbow,
I hate to break the news to you but my boil that I have lanced myself through my own little self operation
is heating magnificently.
There's a little scab left there and it's beautiful.
No more that the general juice on my back is great.
That's great.
Yeah, do you have any boil?
Ah, yes.
Really?
Yeah.
Maybe it's like fat people get boils.
It's possible.
Because when you build up all of that enormous amount of fat all around your body, it's just kind of like...
...you know.
It's got to find another way to come out.
Exactly.
And we got a great news today.
We're going to have a momentous occasion.
Josh Cortis is getting registered to vote today.
Wow!
We got some food kit, some a list they're coming in.
What do these say he's with the organization?
I have no clue who he's with.
He comes to people to register them.
Yeah.
That's a deal.
I hear he marched in the parade on Sunday.
Come on now.
No, no, the election signing up parade.
Not the one you're thinking about.
But you are really nervous.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
Too bad George isn't here today.
Because I have watched him the news this morning and here's a guy.
A guy, a young guy.
Young guy.
Not some daughtering old fart like me.
A young guy.
Looked as straight as an arrow to me, although you never can be too sure.
But at any rate, he was playing the slots.
And here was in Vegas.
Will a fortune?
I mean, one point, one point eight million.
Oh, here was a big winner.
One point eight million dollars.
Play in the slots.
We will fortune in Vegas.
So I guess that's only for pansies.
Well, if you listen to George's judge, I'm funny.
You're just going straight down the tubes.
Just look at that marriage.
Look at that unwanted child.
Look at all these problems.
But anyway, I just...
Isn't he so hot?
Huh?
Isn't he so hot?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Right.
That's why he keeps trying to poison his wife's cool late because he's so happy.
But anyway, I sent out this story for another day.
Bad news, Delhi Rock.
I guess that the real secret, kind of like...
In fact, the people of networks were pissed off and fired up themselves because they wouldn't even let them in there.
Yesterday, they photographed a handover.
And they didn't give them any advance notice.
And they were just foaming at the mouth because they had all their big haunches in there.
But you'll be pleased to know that Paul is on and seeing the last night had a big celebration over there.
They were cheerleading and they had everything but the pom-poms.
And now it's Operation...
What is it?
Errach, the next chapter is some kind of crap like that.
They already came up with some name for it.
Chapter two.
Chapter 11.
Three Marines killed in Baghdad blast this morning.
Gorillas detonated a roadside bomb as U.S. convoy passed in Baghdad today, killing three Marines wounding two others.
It was the first reported fatal attack on U.S. forces in Iraq since the formal handover of sovereignty to an Interim Iraqi government on Monday.
So if you think too long,
a little bit of good news, although not for Americans because we quite frankly don't care about the Turks all that much.
Do we really care about the Turks?
No, I don't know any Turks when you come right down.
But anyway, the three Turkish hostages, they were freed.
The American...no, we don't know yet.
They're looking too good.
And I do want to say this for the Michael Moore Bash is out there before getting anything else.
There is a... on Michaelmore.com which I emailed it to Eric.
I'm sure he'll have it on our website in no time at all.
It just didn't matter a moment.
It's too long to read on the year by far.
I don't want to do all of that reading because in the two of you guys, you can all bend out of shape and probably just get up and walk out.
Yeah, but...yeah.
But it's nine pages long, but it's a rebuttal to all the...
The headline says Michael Isikoff and Newsweek magazine deceived the public about Fahrenheit 9-11.
So if anybody says that there are lies in there or inaccuracies, this point by point goes down and gives you all the evidence.
It tells you exactly what it is and also debunks the crap that Michael Isikoff wrote in Newsweek.
At any rate.
Okay, pull results from yesterday before we do our behind-the-beaten curtain thing with the Namakandru.
2285 votes.
Now that's pretty impressive if you ask me.
You're worried about 1000?
No, well I was during the show.
Listen, don't start the playing expert.
Okay, you're an outsider.
We appreciate having you there this week by request.
But, you know, don't get too carried away.
Okay.
Because you work with Robert Greeper every day so we don't really trust you all that much, okay?
I gotcha.
Robert suffers from a mental illness, but that's another story.
Well, you already know that.
Yes, I do.
What's your take on Michael Moore's Fahrenheit movie?
A movie in the Fahrenheit, whatever it is, 11.
2285.
Haven't seen it yet, but we'll see it, 1239.
I bet there was lines all around the block right now.
All the losers.
Yeah, all those losers waiting online, 1239 losers.
Saw it, it was sensational, 667.
We'll absolutely not watch it, 219.
It's 9.5%.
Now, I thought about that.
And I'm picking it myself.
Well, that doesn't necessarily mean that they don't like Michael Moore or that they were opponents for Bush.
Maybe it's just not their kind of movie.
Maybe they want to go see white chicks.
Right?
Maybe they want to go see Spider-Man 2.
That comes out soon.
Or Scooby-Doo Part 8, something like that.
Maybe that's more up their alley.
But at any rate, a 9.6% will not watch it, period.
Don't confuse us with the truth.
Or small bomb explodes and empty plate and is done, Bull.
That's big news.
Saw it at its sucked 87.
I'm really dubious about that one.
And saw it was good 74.
So about 10% of the people who saw it said it sucked.
And 90%, which is right in line with what the National average was, said it was either excellent or very good.
What the hell is this?
Taxis already?
Rating is coming out at 11.30 and I'm not going to bore you with the usual way we do it.
I'm changing that because it's bad radio.
It is horrendous radio.
Well, look at this.
It's an axis packed to me back by Paul.
That's good.
I thought you wanted to see it again.
Here's the facts from Jason and Miami Lightshifts.
I love your show.
So the movie yesterday was amazing.
It was the light in the darkness and Jason, you are...
Absolutely correct, sir.
At the end, everyone clacked as if there was going to be an encore.
That's what we did here in Toronto.
It was a sitting ovation.
It was great.
The funniest thing in that movie was when Moore was talking about the fear they were putting into the hearts of Americans like the company made the terrorist cage, which looked like a porta-pottie.
Oh yeah, that was...
That was special.
Anyway, it looked like a porta-pottie.
And you can't get you.
They can just sit in there and feel completely safe.
It was like a throwback to the days in the 50s during the Cold War.
When you used to have all of those PN, those public service announcements about what to do in case they dropped the bomb.
And just duck and cover, duck and cover and show the kids how they're duck under the desk at classroom.
It's stupid things like that.
Stop dropping a roll.
And the man who created the 32nd parachute, which took 30 minutes to put on, and it was cute.
Says, let's boot into Moore's conversation in Miami Lightshifts.
Okay, Nell McAndy, she's behind the beating curtain today.
Born November 6, 1973, which makes her...
Not third man.
Right.
Do you know her?
I don't know her now.
You don't know Nell McAndy?
No, I don't.
Born in Leeds, England, UK, reported figure of 35D, 2635, makes her bust you that her animated fiction, Laura Croft, alter ego.
Anyway, she was in Tomb Raider 3, Adventures of Laura Croft, Tomb Raider 2, Dail's Wedding.
Important to being famous.
That was made for TV.
A lot of made for TV crap.
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here.
It's a knockout TV series.
You don't know who this is?
I have not seen any of that.
Well, she's right there for everyone to see.
John Ashcroft, your notice is like a wincing because both boobies are visible today, as opposed to yesterday.
Both boobies are visible to make it eye.
I just mentioned that in passing, Nell McAndy.
So take a quick peek if you're older now.
Now, the poll I'm taking today is motivated by the latest polls on the election.
And those people out there would say, see, I was thinking about this while I'm sitting on the throne this morning.
I just fell into a bucket of crap.
You know why?
It was up.
Because there are a lot of those people like the Stern people.
You know how are the Stern people?
Are really pissed off and they miss how it's stirring.
They don't want to hear you or read all these articles and talk about politics.
They don't care about that stuff.
By the way, how are they going anywhere?
That's on radio and records today.
He made all the threats that, as soon as Shminder left the milk karmas and left,
he was going to bail out.
He ain't going anywhere.
So you want to think about Howard Stern.
Let me just tell you this.
He's all about Howard Stern.
He's all about himself.
Not about the industry.
Not about freedom of speech.
Not about anything else other than himself.
He go.
And a lot of money.
At any rate, I just mentioned that in passing.
What's that what was I talking about?
Got me.
So you're not paying any attention?
I was listening to the Howard Stern stuff.
Is he eating again?
Not yet, not yet.
Yeah.
You will be.
And the good news is that I'm going to save your life today.
And the reason being that you don't have to worry about any food coming in to keep you
there until 2.30 because this guy is coming in sometime during the show to sign the
job shop.
I'm excited.
Yeah.
I'll sign them off to get a registered devotee.
Anybody out there?
Well, so anyway, my point being that I started before I interrupted myself with the Stern
stuff was about, I fell into a bucket of crap because by talking about all of these things
and deciding if it was an election year, I might make a difference in a few votes.
But I'm going to make a little bit of a difference as opposed to just being a goofball
on the year.
And here we are.
We can't play the farthest sounds.
We can't play the fact that we played in the beginning firm as daughter is about as close
to the edge as you'll ever hear again on the radio, at least in our lifetime.
So we can't play most of the really creative racey stuff anymore anyhow.
So those people we ain't got nothing for you.
Sorry.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
Good luck to you.
Got no bull dikes, no bullbikes.
We got a couple of bullbikes on our website.
There we got many boobies working in the station, but that's it.
We got nothing for those guys.
So I guess it was kind of a fortuitous thing that I fell back into doing this like, you
know, let's save the world again a little bit.
See what I'm saying?
It was nice of you.
Although it does have nothing to do with sports.
I heard I was in here yesterday which I almost never do.
And again, just that while I've like a mine, opened up to Panty, there was the mad dog
giving a line up and he made some comment about they always refers to me as the gorilla
in a very complimentary way.
Of course, my good friend the mad dog.
Oh, right.
But I said, well, you know, he must have a wet spot in his pants after seeing that movie
for a, see, he's not going to go see it.
And he says, well, you know, neopolitically he said, luck, down to the right, which I guess
is why he gave that money, the campaign donations to Bob Graham.
Or maybe because he got a business in my relate, you think that's called covering your
ass, just in case Graham got in.
Sure.
Demo speed it.
So it's called like, and the good news is we won't have Curtis nut that is shot at
Curtis, but we won't have Joseph Yankeer Curtis.
Mad dog decided to work today.
How do you like that?
Little she's going to pick his days off a little more, a little more carefully from now
on.
And if the ratings which come out 1130, they're bad in the morning, I can guarantee a
mobile.
His illness will extend another day.
Have you ever noticed that?
Almost every time a trend or the book comes out and Mo has it, the morning numbers are bad.
Mo is ill the next day.
I am.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
Feel better, sweet heart.
Okay.
Gellie says if you come into my morning, he'll rub it and make it feel better.
1013 at 560 WQM.
If you're on the Ankins diet, the South Beach Sugar Busters are any low carb sugar free diet.
The lights of West Boka wants you to know that they've helped thousands of low carb
dieters just like you achieve their weight loss goals.
Today shopping for the right low carb products has become like a nightmare because everybody
in their brother claims to have low carb this and low carb death.
And most of the so called low carb products on grocery stores shelves won't help you lose
weight because they're full of carbs and full of garbage.
So don't sabotage your weight loss goals.
Commended to the lights of West Boka whether we know their stuff.
To help you stay on the right track with hundreds of the best tasting low carb products and
you can try anything in the store before you shell out any cash and buy it.
They got an eligible staff and those low carb dieting inside and out there open every
day until 10.
By the way, the liberal party, one of minority government, yesterday here in Canada,
Paul Martin, pretty weak.
Don't forget, Jim, choked up about it.
The guaranteed lowest price policy on all Actions, Carvalid and Pure Delight products too.
And the lights of West Boka will not be under sold either.
Delights is on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Nice to bust a market.
You can call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B or on a Web at SlowCarb.com.
Also of course with A.W.
That's the lights of West Boka, your official Actions retail center.
They're married, Catherine.
You!
What happened?
I must be dead.
I don't know what that light is at the floor.
No.
It's going to happen sooner or later.
How is everything in this light?
Look at that.
Look at that.
Thank you so much.
We're going to do another day.
Wait, who's that?
Yeah, pardon me, pal.
I think I can get inside the door.
It's you, yeah.
So you're going to let me in a while.
You only allow this wouldn't let you in there.
No, you've got a good part.
How many things are to do, Spies?
I'm Mr. Lowe.
I just want that other guy in.
Spid I don't like you.
Now look, I'm heading with a workshop out here.
I mean, tell you what.
What's your nickname?
Well, let me see what I can do.
Don't need that as a joke.
Yeah, I'll tell you.
What did he say?
Come on, still it.
We'd like you to go away.
Far away.
Like where?
Back to New York.
Oh, that's a hell of a town.
When a thing goes up in the pairs, go down.
Yeah!
The answer of your former associates are anxious to see you again.
Okay, that's a...
Oh, wait a minute.
I forgot about him.
Oh!
Oh, look.
Hey, yeah, I don't.
You're welcome back, man.
Oh, wait a minute.
I guess we can meet before we do.
Yeah, got me all wrong.
10, 19 and 5, 60 made it.
That's why he's out here.
He's going to kill into them.
Maybe some of his little friends from New York caught up with him.
It's possible.
I think it's the ratings.
Every time we're out ratings time, it gets really neurotic in this psychotic.
Now, it couldn't have to do with the fact that Greg keeps planting those very jackass stories
about how we're going to put stern on their morning or we're going to do this or we're going to do that.
And how he hates mole-like poison.
That couldn't have anything to do with it, you think?
Or the fact that he's back together with...
Maybe just one day working with Gildey yesterday morning, maybe that's what put him over the edge.
Yeah, that was an interesting...
I was wondering how it was all going to come together this week.
Yeah, and what's your annualization?
You said it was like peanut butter and jelly that we just...
Like they never missed a beat.
It seemed like they...
You're right, they didn't miss a beat.
But the week before they were getting on each other.
Yeah, really?
Any doubt today?
Yeah, I think yes.
I think one day the time is like, me and Gildey.
He's going to be out sick a lot until he get rid of Gildey.
You know what I'm saying?
No!
In fact, that's my choice.
If Greg Reed were to call me a two o'clock this afternoon and say,
okay, we've decided that we're like...
Yeah, how they're always making cutbacks.
Oh, yeah.
And we have these budgetary deficits now.
Things are getting really out of control.
It's the dog days.
We decided we have to make one cutback there in a staff
and that morning between 5 and 10 a.m.
Who should we get rid of?
Who should we dump?
Certainly wouldn't be Joe Rose.
No question about that.
We love the little dog.
And it certainly wouldn't be my good friend, Mo.
Absolutely.
So I guess there's the odd man out here.
You're out there.
Get lost.
Somebody faxes me.
I don't want to read it.
So, but you're right.
You got the book sitting in the other room.
I'll get around to it.
Now, somebody faxes me a poll from HBO,
which leads right into our poll today.
Look at this.
Now, it doesn't...
He's blocked something out here, which always bothers me.
Or is that part of the...
Can you see?
There's just a bad copy.
No, Mo.
It's just part of the logo, okay, from HBO.
Who will you vote for in November?
And I have no idea how many votes there were.
See, I'm never that impressed about a poll where they don't show any votes
like on Paul and Old Ron or stuff like that.
When they take a poll, there's about how many votes?
3rd, man.
Every mean too much.
They will ask on HBO, though, who will you vote for in November?
6% Bush.
84% Kerry.
Other 5% on decided 5%.
Well, that's wonderful.
So, if only the people who watch HBO.
We got it.
We got rid of Bush.
But with all of the crap that's going on,
the Michael Moore movie is out.
The rack has been going very, very badly.
We've been getting people with their heads chopped off.
People are dying every day.
They gave them the quick shuffle yesterday very quietly.
Here we go.
We don't want it.
You didn't grab it.
They send the troops.
They're going to have to be there at least another couple of years.
And who knows?
Maybe years after that.
All of the economy in spite of all these right numbers they keep playing up.
In fact, is there still enormous millions of people out of work?
But in spite of that,
despite concerns about his handling of a rack and an overall approval rating of 42%,
which is his lowest ever, I should point out, 42%.
40% of Americans say they don't have an opinion about Senator John Kerry,
the elected Democratic presidential nominee,
despite what both parties,
earliest and most expensive TV advertising campaigns.
He spent millions and millions in May.
You see any of those spots?
Some.
Week.
Very weak.
Almost as weak as his hairdo.
So, anyway, here's the latest poll, CBS News.
Here are Times' poll.
Carried 45%, bush 44%,
it's a sharp turnaround for the bush campaign and may carry it open up at eight point lead.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
45 for Kerry, 44 for Bush,
which is a statistical dead heat.
And then this goes on.
It's on our website.
It's way too long.
It's got all the everything under the sun, the issues of war and Iraq, the economy,
health care education,
who's got the best hairdo,
who's got the best scared deer in the headlights.
Look, you're like a crack, who reads my pet coat best, stuff like that.
I think it's my pet coat against an old goat.
I hate to say that.
In that bad?
Oh, yeah.
But it's a truth. That's why I perceive it.
Oh, speaking of poll, CNN online took this poll.
Now that we got the three Marines that are dead and back dead this morning,
they asked you to think the new Iraqi government will be able to solve their security problems.
They have 115,000 formed at 18 votes so far.
Yes, 24%.
No. No.
76%.
So people aren't sold too big on that, I guess.
Not at all.
So here's our poll today.
How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and latest polls?
See, I must be stupid.
I realize there are a lot of dumb people out there, but I must be dimmer than them.
Because for the life of me, I just can't, I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
There is nothing.
There's about, oh, I don't know, I guess it's 45% for 44%.
No matter what you say, no matter what happens,
he could come to their house and take a gigantic diarrhea right in their living room there.
And it would make any difference to these people.
You know what I'm saying?
How is that possible?
I'm not sure.
How can there be so many idiotic stupid people across most of them in these so-called red states?
Wait, reds in red neck.
Is that what the red stands for? Red neck states.
Oh, I can only guess.
So here's the poll.
How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and latest polls?
I got five choices on here.
America loves Bush.
Kerry's campaign sucks.
Nobody knows Kerry yet.
Americans are morons or the media is in Bush's pocket.
I think those are five excellent choices if you asked me since I made the poll on.
America loves Bush.
Kerry's campaign sucks.
Nobody knows Kerry yet.
Americans are morons or the media is in Bush's pocket.
Your choice.
And let me say it again.
If you think that they're in an accuracy and they might call it more movie good or a website and take a look at that,
I'm sure Eric will have it on there just momentarily when you think.
In fact, maybe it's already on there.
Don't have fast team moves at times.
First of all, there's food around.
Oh, he's swift.
Yeah, you remember when to talk.
Hey, I'm not.
You're right.
Okay, let me just take a peek.
See if this thing will pop up here and see if he's got that on there yet.
Oh, he should probably have already told you the little box job.
Okay, let's take a look.
Hi, is it up?
Yeah, it's up.
There it is right there right on top lead story right under where it says news archives.
Michael is the cop in Newsweek magazine to see the public about fair night 9.
11 and there are all the all the questionable points, all the things that have been challenged in the movie.
So those people will say, oh, I'm not going to go see it.
It's just a bunch of lies.
Damn well researched if you ask me, okay?
Speaking of talk radio, wait till you hear this.
Talk radio comes to Baghdad offers a back ease of venue for venting.
When you love to hear that, that would be interesting.
Now, I wonder if they can play fart sounds.
Probably.
They probably don't have any restrictions over there.
They probably had, that's a good point.
They probably have fear reigned to do stuff on here than we do.
Yeah.
Because in Baghdad, at least yet, they don't have the FCC.
They don't have much of right wing lunatics.
Not yet.
The calls coming to flurry are raised by residents of Baghdad and the surrounding areas to die one of radio digitalized to call in lines.
They got two lines, man.
Hello, hello.
Yes, what do you think, ass program host, my jeed Salim?
Should there be a curfew on the day of the handover?
As the Rax interim government assumes sovereignty Monday, two days ahead of schedule, the country remained plagued by blackout, security woes, overflowing sewers,
a lack of clean drinking water, unemployment, and doubts about whether it's headed to a democracy.
Amid that, litany of despair, what a Raky's do have is the region's first independent, unsensitled talk radio station, where they can even play part sounds, I believe.
And after 35 years of Saddam Hussein's dictatorial rule, where forcing the wrong opinion to leave a beating or even execution, a Raky's are loving it.
Radio Dijlaw, hi, this is Marwaw.
Yes, it's a good idea.
It's just one caller from Baghdad.
We should celebrate democracy, but we've got to take care.
It's not just what having people may have killed in a bombing, just to pretend the celebration stay home.
Thank you, sis Aline.
Next caller.
This is talk radio Baghdad style, where the survey question of the name here is the shifting priorities of a Raky's, whether they're worries that foreign insurgents will try to derail the handover or if there's an end-in-side to the long gas lines in the country with all of that oil, etc.
So I don't like that.
They got free speech in our rack. They played part sounds. They're probably even playing the sofa-king bit that we can't play anymore.
You bet? I guarantee if we said it to them, they play it.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
So maybe we'll type some of that in.
27 past 10 at 5.60 QA. Let's tell you right now, speaking of schmutz, if your carpets are in bad shape, don't go right into the supermarket and schlepping home a bunch of heavy equipment and try to be a carpet cleaner yourself.
All you've been to is make a mess and be depressed.
Don't open the yellow pages and trust your expensive carpets to some axe murder out there.
Do this marketing like I've been doing in homes for over 20 years now, and everybody in South Florida with a brain has been doing since 1979.
Call the experts at dry concepts. They've got certified technicians who really know their stuff inside and out, and they'll dry clean your carpets, same idea, dry clean your clothing.
Nobody in the university, side these folks, do what is an exclusive patented method.
And it leaves your carpets looking just like brand new, smelling memory fresh, they're drying a couple of hours here, really clean today and entertain the night.
Beware those 595 per room scam artist. All they do is rip you off.
No worries about that with dry concepts because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing that fantastic job.
And you're carpeting your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your furniture, your poultry, all these things.
So pick up that phone and call them right now when you do call dry concepts, ask them to put your understand by list, which will save you next to 15% after they're already unbeatable, low price and great deal.
Call them toll free from anywhere in South Florida, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
We're going to use the course radio crisis.
UAM!
Ame.
HBO's wasteiest comedy is now in syndication. TVS Super Station is proudly bringing you and the city.
Wait, isn't that show called Sex and the City?
No, it's in the city.
Well, what happened to the stuff?
It's all been edited so we can show it on basic cable. You won't want to miss a single second of every hilarious 5-minute episode out in the city.
But, isn't that show a power one?
Not after all the objectionable material hit the cutting room floor and speaking up the floor.
You'll be rolling in laughter on yours when you watch the anix of, and the city's free, gorgeous female stars.
I thought it had four women.
Well, unfortunately none of some anthoces could be salvaged. But don't fret, and the city on TVS will still be serving up plenty of racey episodes about shoes.
And shoes.
Will we at least find out how big Mr. Big's feet are?
We're at a mentionant.
Tune in through TVS, the new home of, in the city. It's not HBO. It's TV.
1033. I'm guaranteeing they're playing fart sounds on here on Baghdad Talk Radio. I wonder if it, I don't have like callators.
I think the station got a call letter or just maybe a spot on the dial.
Does it see in here? I'm looking.
They're getting nearly 18,000 calls a day on their two phone lines. Is that incredible or what?
You know I didn't, we got eight, we don't get 18,000 calls a month.
They got that in one day.
18,000 calls a day on its two lines.
Or it hate to be answering phones on that station.
No, you hate to be answering phones on this show is what you hate to be doing. That's why we don't do it.
But of course by not answering phones on the show you and Josh get to miss out on the good stuff like the Raspberry Guy and of course Chabah and some of that.
But every now and then we put one of those on here just to make you feel your left out.
I appreciate it.
How do you like that?
And we're going to quote this guy who's on the ear here who used to be at Radio Shabab or Youth Radio and all this other crap.
This is amazing. They got a radio station with Freedom of Speech.
So we were exporting democracy to Iraq supposedly while we're losing democracy.
And it's kind of that Yin and Yan and kind of thing. You know what I mean?
Too better for that and then still.
Yeah, that's right. It's like the balance of the world.
We have to lose a lot of rights and so we're going to try to give them a whole bunch of them even if they don't want them.
What do we got so far? 102 votes.
How can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry in the latest polls? It's like a flat footed tie.
Kerry is like a sliver, a little curly head, a hair ahead.
Americans are morons 46 said that the media's in Bush's pocket 24 carries campaigns sucks 20.
America loves boys seven and nobody knows Kerry at five.
That's what we got so far.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 team for eyes and wireless line.
We got that trend coming out. This is March April May.
Ready for that.
I'm excited.
11 30. Those numbers are going to be on like I said.
I'm not going to let it all come in and then I'll try to put it together as opposed to this.
A frantic hysteric because they never sent it to me in the right order anyway.
I know they sent it whenever order comes down but it's just I mean like 12 plus does anybody care about 12 plus which includes everybody over the age of 100 like a radio mom B and all those old far stations.
No, we don't care about that.
But send it anyway.
Definitely give us something to talk about.
See, I'm thinking to myself and I know this is true.
And this is one of the reasons that Mo and I are bonding so much lately.
Absolutely.
Because I know that he's listening to this show right now even as sick as a dog.
He's probably home like with wild diary and cute in his gut set.
Probably has to like be dry cleaning his piece.
I'm listening.
No question about it.
But I'm sure that most of the other people who are on the year and work at this radio station.
They're listening like 940 or maybe even listen to that new FLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
It's like 9-11. I think that 9-11 is grotesque as it was in every possible way. It was also a microcosm of what's wrong with this radio station and sports nerds.
It makes no difference what else is going on in the world or in a country or even downtown myometer could be some kind of horrendous thing happening.
But if it doesn't have to do with ball games then who the hell cares about it? If it doesn't have to do with sports then we just don't care.
Which is why for an hour after the World Trade Center where hit by those two commercial objects we were still talking about sports and Gelly was whining.
What a mango what can we tell him about it what can we say? Let's talk about the Marlin aircraft.
Just once I would love to turn on over come in here open up to find listen one of the shows and hear one of the one of my colleagues is they say make some comment about for an hour and another than the fact I got a stain in my pants from seeing it.
I got a stain at the bottom of my pants from seeing it okay on the wrong end mad dog. He ain't going to go see it.
You want to know why? Why? Because there's no ball games in it.
We can give him free tickets to the marlins if he goes season. He's still I'm going to go see it.
I'm holding out some hope for Hank okay because Hank his other interest in just ball games. If you catch my drift five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and
yes sir oh I know I saw the movie last night in coconut grove late and it was packed and there was huge line and it was so good a lot of young people which was very
very right that's what I'm hearing everywhere that's the good news you know in coconut grove and this your do you talking about this negruponti guy yesterday.
Yeah he was in charge of the negotiations in South Vietnam with the North Vietnamese around 1975 and of course the
Vietnamese troops for everyone was odd to stay the US pulled out in the whole country collapsed what a year later whatever was he was there when that was
having he was in charge of it I was just watching a documentary on that yeah well he did a good job and I'm doing so look in the other way I'll tell you that he's going to be doing the same thing in Iraq.
Absolutely and as for your poor if he's still trying to put it has to be high great morons American it absolutely has to be.
But in some other words you don't think the fact that Kerry is like looks like a dead man in a suit and his room in the factual campaign you don't think that that might have a little something to do with it.
Well certainly he does but you could put I mean that the to me they should be able to put up anyone against the portion he should be able to win.
But but that's what really emphasizes that much more is poorly as he's doing his popularity ratings are dropping but Kerry's not gaining any.
Yeah maybe there's a little way hope we haven't had a convention yet Kerry hasn't really been seen all that much yet and he's known as a great closer like he didn't in the
primaries you know he was like nowhere and they came out like gangbusters when the voting started so maybe actually he'll take a
breath or two before election day. Let's hope so thank you. Okay thanks.
Yeah we need somebody with a little bit of them and bigger maybe somebody who's alive that's what we need instead of a dead man in a suit he is really just I mean maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm coming down to hard on him you think.
No I don't know what he's waiting for. I mean I granted it's only the end of June you guys a long way you got four months to go to election November 2nd but Jesus Kerry just said that he's going to be a dead man in the same suit.
He's the you know somebody like a fire like her his ass man maybe Teresa I'll open up the ketchup behind ketchup bottle and squeeze a little on his armpits get something get something to get him going.
Man every time you see him he's got that same like Herman Munster look on his face like you know like he's not even human.
WQ and hello. Hey I'm looking for on Gimile speaking to him. Hello good morning on Gimile. I'm here in what you're saying about John Kerry and you're right he's the only man of politics who can make Michael do caucus look macho.
It's unbelievable you're right he's like laying down a dying and I'm you got to wonder if like Republican.
If they donate it to Kerry and the primary just a set of mouthers a loser yeah they can't tell us that Dean didn't have any chance maybe they gave us the bait and swish there or something maybe that's what happened to us.
You know I don't I think the only hope for a ticket is John Edwards who's a great master of a there who can at least say something yeah I don't know just my two cents on the other people listening okay don't
see him for me anymore please you're making a fool of yourself 1041 19 to 11 to that guy show up yet to sign you up Josh now.
You're starting to sound a little bit tense about it this guy's it's going to be great it'll be painless if I get your blood draw man.
All right I'm here you were there when you you weren't around that day that I had my blood drawn right there in the year and every nice lady came in she stuck that needle in my arm and just
I don't like giving but it's not for me are you another one of these pansies I'm not a pan and you're talking about guys who
play slot machines and in the casinos oh and you know what's reminds me I got to find the answer this question from somebody who's been to the
seminal place they were to see are so many people out you've been there yeah but you don't play the slots now I don't know but have you seen
other people playing slots true now that they did a wheel actually spin on the slot machines or not yeah okay so what they were
complaining about was oh they're not real swan machines instead of the money coming out the little little slip of paper comes out these
have got to be the dumbest people if it's the same as what it is here with the new Niagara Falls Falls you can see
you know that's the way the future baby that's the new deal so you don't have to get your hands off all of that black crap and keep
washing your hands in be five minutes and playing with all those coins and everything a slip comes out it's got a
barcode on it I described this the other day if that's what they're doing it's seminal then those are real slot machines yeah that's what they're doing
is it yeah and it's got an amount out of like a people in 150 bucks it's 150 it's got a barcode you can stick it in another machine and
play that machine absolutely instead of putting in cash well I scraped that's modernistic and
futurist I'm coming out be there in a half an hour how do you like that oh can't we can't wait I'm getting on the concord I'm
getting right on down people talk such crap man don't ever believe anything people say on these talks you're
supposed to have rather here a radio iraq they got a better chance 1043 and plus they can fart on the year these are company
suffering from regulations that are free labor costs let oasis outsourcing help you want to come to the people
side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services
and risk management are just a few of the services oasis outsourcing covered help your business be more profitable call oasis
outsourcing day for a fee evaluation at 1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 2 866 27 47 with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide
oasis outsourcing understands many facets human resource management outsourcing being recognized by firms large and small
as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details
to the folks that oasis outsourcing so let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable if you like a free
no obligation evaluation column at that tool free number call 1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 2 866 27 47 for oasis outsourcing
and more
as a sports radio vice
you weigh
ect summer and if you're looking for a summer job what about becoming an surgeon
in surgeons make a great amount of money and you only need to work weekends if you like
any experience with C4 and RPGs as a plus but we will train you and doctor get
insurgents get all the G-Huddies is that in the 16 rocket launcher in your pocket or you to pledge a
team so if you hate Americans juice and type picking colors in sedge is a line of work for you becoming
an insurgent this summer and earn the big bucks with taking applications now so hurry down and sign up
insurgents where there is always an opening
that's 47 at 560 WQM now this might be a little foolish to why Moe was it on this morning
is facts here about Howard Stern could be says Web listener here from the Northeast Howard Stern will be holding a
press conference tomorrow during which he may be announcing his reentry in the South Florida
could be right here on QAM could be a bye bye to Moe and Gildy anyway whatever it is he says it'll be great news
for Bush Michael Powell FCC Bashars you do proud to hear Stern show now he's finally using his
national reach what's what's left of it to rally behind pro-choice and stems and it's I'm not
just putting it in my sub-adjustance here what's left of it I mean all he lost he didn't lose Miami
but the other markets Rochester Pittsburgh San Diego Louisville and Orlando okay and that's hardly
like you know when you're on an LA in New York and Chicago and Detroit and Boston and fill it off
you know what's a big deal anyway he's using his national reach to rally behind pro-choice and stem cell
research pro-kerry Michael Moore et cetera have you seen his website lately no filled with all great bedtime
stories screw our America Stern is our national mouth please well that's the case with Howard to him I don't
hear him because they ain't on here anymore he sure is how he's not there anymore but if that's the case
take a look we'll see he's coming back on here in South Florida I think he might where and where would that be
that I can't answer for you my good make a guess when I guess he's gonna be on the radio somewhere down here
make a guess give me a station give me a frequency give me a number give me something I don't know
you won't go back to where he was I don't know maybe a
career channel owns all radio stations the only companies that own radio station in South Florida for the most part
is clear channel Cox which you're going to put him on and us and Jefferson pilots got a couple of losers
there like life I think he'd think good there yeah he'd be great on life but that's the carpenters music be perfect
anyway time across spring says saw a fair night night I'm not in last night north brow it's standing room only all shows
notice about 20% of the audience were our dark conflicted friends that's good they need to see it to be motivated
so they go out and get pissed off and fired up and vote four or five times it says wake up America our
C.I. protecting Saudi embassy what a bunch of Bush craft I can't say the right
to wait I was pretty interesting to about the
Saudi Embassy and how the secret service came over to find out what Michael morning photography
were doing there we just just filming a little segment across the street from it he said
you ordinarily protect foreign embassies well no but yeah we were told to come and see what you're doing
and have a nice day and the general message of being that well as the Saudis generally opinion the ass
I can't comment Michael more says I'll take that as he is
Gary says is it me or you get the feeling Bush could be oh that's bad
Bush could be head carry on the six o'clock news and still be in a virtual tie or neck and neck is that a
play on words it's extremely frustrating sorry for giving you chronic effects affects his
degree it's okay Gary at least you're pissed off and fired up
join W.Q.M. in the marlins at seven the night at the Fort Lauderdale ale house on federal highway just
south of Oakland Park Boulevard stop by for prizes from Billy to Marlin in the Mermaids it's a
Marlins watch party at seven o'clock the night at the Fort Lauderdale ale house five six seven
O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line on a pull we got
how can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and the latest pull it just came out last night
Americans are morons 89 you said that carries campaign sucks 50 that's what I voted
out of 222 to to to there he is right who put their minds and their bodies he's alive into the
crucible of hatred so that we would all see a better day the civil rights act was rooted
we're talking about education now that's timely uh carries campaign sucks 52 the media is in
Bush's pocket 50 are created equal America loves Bush 21 and nobody knows carry at 14 which
may be not all bad 2131 votes yeah so far he's been pretty disappointing and kind of like he is there
right now on speeches wouldn't you know I mean wouldn't I'm sure you remember John
wouldn't the Wizard of whatever the Westwood oh yeah you see a life let's see Joe says
I said a fact yesterday about the South Beach regal 18 I forgot to mention we almost had a full riot there
oh no the film died at the beginning of the night 11 attacks there was all there was his audio
now wait a minute all there was his audio in the picture never returned well that's a black screen
when the night 11 attacks run it's all the reason's audio people started to get up and
ran to the manager harvester in the theater we were going nuts being one of the most important parts of the
film they attempted to be one oh no are you falling this is just a screw up as the thing
about the uh... spot machines at the uh... semis part of the flick
it's part of the movie you jackass people when not all my god they got a
see it they try to rewind it at least
it's a black screen for about thirty seconds and you hear the audio of the
people screaming in New York as they jets hit the twin towers
that's partly movie I have to read this again break common that try to calm down
all the in software didn't wonder why we did see I want to say we have voted for
Al Gore I know I voted right I think I know I punched the right hole
but my god South Florida could screw up a wet dream they could mess up the
hopes underwear look at this we almost had a full riot at the South Beach regal 18
the film died at the beginning of the night of the tax and all there was is audio
and the picture never returned people started to get up and ran to the manager
harvester in the theater we were going nuts due to it being one of the most important parts of the film
they attempted to be winded but they couldn't so they gave comp tickets for another screen
continued from the from the scene of bush in the school with the deer in the headlights look
so in other words the movie did play in other words it was uh... the copy was okay
but it's just that uh... they are he was trying to rewind it to a to a picture that wasn't there
and all these old yet doesn't you know that we don't see the picture there's something wrong over here
they were freaking out we want our money back we want to refund we want to free early bird dinner
we want to go to movies if it ever opens again
oh my god how sad how pathetic how tragic
this is one of the great again if it isn't early on if it isn't voter gate if it isn't you name it
if it isn't the most of the uh...
uh...
the moon it takes from nine eleven most of the high-dackers hanging out in supporter
now it's this
it's Fahrenheit gate
five six seven oh five sixty pound can you actually believe that?
i when i read it i had to send it to you i could not believe that they freaked out
for that thirty six it's a it's a blank screen it's a black screen which we already knew that was coming
because if you read about it ahead of time they told you that was a part of the part of the whole concept of the movie
he didn't show it because they've seen it 80 million times already
said right i was broke out
is that crazy?
we have only in south Florida but a bunch of losers
sure glad i can't be there i mean wq and hello
yes you know please?
yes sir speaking
uh... yes about this very gate i mean it's pretty delicious not so November
can you read it?
yeah can you get up with another fold here like your wardrobe perhaps and help it better
oh here we go this is the guy i haven't turned from this guy to long time
this is the responsibly other side i use that term loosely
it's how pathetic my wardrobe got this guy wants to date but he doesn't want it unless i dress up for him
okay well you should have been here Sunday when i had a million queens mints in the
wander in the pride march okay it'd been very impressed sweetheart
are you going to be doing any more appearances? he can't ask me how i'm going to be doing appearances
because i'm not there so now we ought to be talking about my wardrobe that's a response to
fairy gate and Michael Lorraine yadi yadi very perfect okay
probably want to miss fudge's boyfriend
ten fifty six psychic energy enough at five sixty
top of the uqa m energy man that's something he don't know about good god
somebody poking in the ribs okay see if he's still alive he is scary
and i ask you to measure my thirty five years fighting that Jesse referred to
see i said it's tough that off when he said i ask you to measure my but i did
that would have been perfect that would have been great but i'm a little bit off my feet
anyway hey if you're off your feet because your hair is vanishing if it's going down the adren
and clumps here's the answer for you got a lot of choices now i can't believe the number of people
that are peddling hair systems but Charles off of your reasons i'm johnny come lately
he's been around for a long time more than thirty five years appearing at i'm good
morning america today show cbs morning news introducing his natural hair line
system the best looking piece in a world keep in mind the most critical area of any
hair system is that hairline and the fact that this new skin like hair since about
a hundred percent of detectable is what you really care about the most it looks like
it's real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to like a bunch of straw or
of course the old dead must write look at the new you all know about that and you have
nothing to lose but that ugly boss about that makes you look so much older because
Charlie gives us thirty day guarantee after a month if you don't love the way it looks
and feels and smells if you're not getting a spiffy looks for everybody all around
return it for full refund and Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems
while you wait including shampoo and trim if we can still say that so don't
delay call Charlie day and look better and younger than you ever dreamed again
one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three
two one twenty four thirteen or log out of that prestigious website Charles off of your
team
when
Quote silver
He mailed most everyone, more endorsed by the world he seen, and he's really making way.
He's a fellow who shot the greens.
We're all casting a vote for our Dean, the receiver, and the tune, but the synch is a breeze.
We're all casting a vote for our Dean, the receiver, and the tune, the synch is a breeze.
Fight, brown, yellow, all of it.
You know, it was just colors, I'll tell you that.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM, 287 votes on a pool.
How can George W. Bush be time-witch on Curian Latest Pools? How is this possible?
Americans are morons, number 15 people said that.
Carries campaigns suck 70 people said that.
You'll say that the media's in Bush's pocket 57.
America loves Bush 27, and nobody knows Curian 18.
Well, there he is.
A gift.
Yeah, there he is.
He wants to give you a gift.
Well, I do it.
How about a really good gift, like maybe a Cadillac?
Maybe a Corvette, huh?
That works.
How about a chicken every pot and two cars in your garage? How's that sound?
The American Dream.
Didn't work for Hebert Hoover too much, but nevertheless.
Somebody's got to call me and tell me that thing about that seminal Indian thing who actually understands
what's going on over there.
I think it was our good mutual friend, Joe Costello, who told me that.
It's kind of boring because the slot machines, the wheels don't spin,
and it just sits there like a paper slip comes down.
Yeah, the Beast call and said everything there is a computer done.
The tickets come out.
It's just like your plan Bingo, you know, but basically you're playing slots.
It's all on a screen over there.
Well, what does that mean? I don't understand.
Because you can't play against the house.
You just play against everybody else.
So it's just you're typing it in on a screen.
And the ticket comes out when you win.
You're typing it in on a screen?
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
The Beast called and told me that.
That's what he said.
You're typing in on a screen.
I'm not typing.
You know, put it out there.
What I'm typing, I'm typing 7777.
How does that sound?
Or in my case, I'll type in 6666.
What does that mean?
You don't have typing.
You don't have to type in on a screen.
I'm going to show myself right here running here.
I'm going to do a Howard Beall.
I just can't believe this.
This is just unbelievable.
Let's find out from somebody who knows.
Because you don't put the slots anyway.
And you're listening to the Beast?
Holy crap, Elise.
He's listening to a Fox 94.
Or to a Carl Beninus Foster.
WDQA and hello.
Good morning.
I hear your frustration.
Listen, your poll can answer your questions.
What happens is regal felt beach with people not understanding
the 30 seconds of black.
Oh my god.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, actually I can.
South Beach, yes, I can believe that.
I'm surprised everybody left their French poodles at home long enough to hear.
Oh my god.
Did you catch time magazine last week with Bobbi on the cover?
Yeah.
You know, if they think Reagan's a great communicator,
don't you think Clinton explained Bush's policies better than Bush ever did about that?
No, I think he's pretty weak.
I think he's letting him off the hook.
I'm very disappointed in that.
He's trying, I don't know, I guess maybe wants to sell a lot more books or whatever.
But he's been so much too easy on him.
No, the week while we're having it.
He would be doing like Gor is doing.
I never thought I would say this because Gor was such a wimpering election.
They kind of reversed roles now.
Clinton was always the askicker.
But now it's Gor that's kicking ass.
And Clinton is like a little meanie mouth.
Anyway, have a great day.
It's got nothing to do with anything.
Clinton sold like a million books already.
How do you like that, Miss Fudge?
Sold a million books.
Can you believe that?
A lot.
It's not because we want to read the book, but I guess everybody loves bubble.
We wish the hell he was back.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So the beast called you and he said you type it in.
No, it's like a touch screen, you know.
Yeah.
And you know, if you win, the thing that comes out, you go cash it in.
I don't understand that.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
This must be like cars, poker, something like that.
These are real slot machines then.
What you're saying.
The new wave of slot machines.
No, the new wave of slot machines are just like the old wave of slot machines.
The only difference being that you don't dealing with coins for the most part.
You deal with paper receipts.
I'm sure most of the slots at the casino are like the same.
I said I'm sure there's some that are just a touch screen instead of a pull down.
How do you know that?
Just by glancing.
And I play cars there.
I haven't played the slots there.
Look, now look, you've seen, this isn't rocket sign.
I know wonder to run it on the movie theater in South Florida.
You've seen slot machines, okay?
Yes.
You're over the age of five.
You've seen a slot machine.
Yes.
And it's got all, you know, the sevens and the bars and the cherries and whatever else.
And when you, when you, when you either pull a little handle,
which nobody does anymore or press the button, they spin and they stop and either you win or you lose or whatever.
Right?
Yes.
Now the machines there, I'm just trying to get a yes or a no, the this, the wheels spin.
Yes.
Well, then what beast is told Josh is totally bogus.
I think what beast was trying to tell Josh was the fact that they're all, I think beast is probably thought you thought they were all like the police still and like the old school ones.
Instead of like the new, you know,
Okay, let's talk to some people who have some food, what's going on? WQA and hello.
Hey, they know the beast is a moron.
How do you know that?
The slots over at the, at the seminals are real slot machines.
They don't have, they're video, so the wheels don't, you know, the wheels don't spin,
but it's been like a normal slot machine, but also there's those new computerized video ones that they still spin all around.
Exactly.
Right.
And you can hit the button on the counts of the panel where you can touch the screen to get at the spurt.
And if you win, if it's not a little script, you go and you can cast it in or you go take and put it in another machine.
Well, right, but loads of the brand new ones, so they actually have slot machines.
So the fact that the wheels aren't spinning around doesn't make them not slot machines.
That's just the way there were a whole bunch of those in the IGRIT too. They're all over the place.
Exactly. And they have the new ones such as the wheel of fortune machine.
Really?
Yeah.
And a whole bunch of the others.
And enjoyable time. I'm up about $360.
All right.
And you don't sound like one of those to me. Have a great day, pal.
All right.
It sounds like one of those mighty conies to me.
You and Josh and George, they're all your only fags played in slot machines. All ladies and fags.
Let me say again, something on guy 1.8 million at wheel of fortune in Vegas at the progressive slots at Harris.
1.8 million. You would take that when you missed your smarty pants and you wouldn't care what anybody called you. Would you?
Him right.
Yeah, right. You call me anything you want.
Yeah, for 1.8 million right. Exactly.
By the way, that guy show up yet.
Now, I value out a job that lifts people up. This administration's fight unconstantably and wrongly is to try to reduce American's ability.
I've been listening intermittently. I'm cute here like during my last break in it. I don't hear like a lot of reaction from the audience.
I've heard we're speaking in South Beach. Probably a lot of people be running the dance. It's screaming like when do I get my free bales and cream cheese?
Wow. I shouldn't have thrown that away. I should have saved that. We should frame that story from Joe.
Did you see the second one I factured?
No, there's no one.
I must have heard why. His reply.
He says, I didn't state my facts good.
Oh, he must know the beast.
They must be joined at the hip after.
Oh, I see after five minutes it was still a blank screen. I see the theater said there was a problem with the projector and tried to correct.
Oh, I feel so much better about life now. Take a deep breath.
I know it was supposed to be a black screen for the attacks, but not when Bush was in the school in Sarasota.
Maybe they were trying to like a subliminal message like it was a black day for the world when he sent their reading my pet goat.
So in other words, it was the projector was screwed up and they had in a problem a grande is what he's trying to say.
Well, thank you Joe. We feel so much better now. We take back whatever we said a little bit of it, but generally speaking we don't because it's true.
So Florida is an embarrassment.
Keep thinking of that judge with that eye popping out of his head looking up at that chair. The hanging chair. Remember that?
Yeah. How could we ever forget it?
That eye, I thought the eyeball was going to like pop right out of his socket.
WQM. Hello.
Who is that?
WQM. Hello.
You know what I was going.
I've been there a couple of times to the seminal thing. It's okay.
But like you said, it's not the real spot where you pull it and you can watch and spin.
There's something about it being a video game and the fixing thing on.
I hate those. I don't like those.
I mean, there's a couple of good prizes like the Agatha Saga and I will afford to.
That is a pretty cool game.
It's a bingo slash video game where you can get things, you know,
for a soundly diagonally and it pays off.
But also on the bingo card that's right above it.
If you get all four corners, that's how you win the progressive.
Now, depending on how much money you have in there is how much part of the other progressives you get.
If you have the full amount in there that you can bet on the screen, then you will win the whole thing.
Now, I think for the full amount, it was somewhere around $53,000.
It may have four corners in bingo.
Yeah, that was cool. I was showing up.
The minimum, I was playing the quarter one.
The minimum bet is nine.
So the minimum span is about $225.
And obviously, if you go down and nickel dime, that's how it changes.
So some of the materials are paying $2 machines.
I'm sorry?
Those are like paying the $2 machines.
Yeah. So that's the minimum span.
And if that's only at nine, but you're going to put in 45 in order to get the full amount between that 53,000.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And I played the other one too.
I don't know. It's just...
It isn't it pathetic though, with all the...
I mean, that place has packed everybody tells me around the clock.
Isn't it pathetic that we don't have real casinos in Florida yet?
Because we got a jackass governor like Jeff Booth and a bunch of Bible, something a little bit things.
And because we got Mickey Ererson and his cruise ships and those grave robbers and the Bahamas, they want to keep the casinos out.
How many years have we been desperate for this man?
That town, we wouldn't have this banana boat trying to mentality where in the summertime,
just because it's under grease outside, everybody bills out.
It's 115 in Vegas and it's a casinos that are packed all year round.
Now I know you're not a big tracer, but I mean, when I go gambling, I like death and trade.
And they're charging full club prices for a trade like five bucks.
And I mean, you know, if you're in there gambling, at least give us a little break.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, give me some.
Give me some Salani sandwich and a martini for a crown out loud.
Okay, good luck to proud.
A little worked up there.
That was what I thought.
You could play it also when I was there.
What? You got to pay an arm in the light for everything?
You guys said, you know, we sit the tables usually, you know, they want you to give as much booze as you can.
But you got to pay for a full price booze.
Wow, there you go.
Look, it's just like the thing with our cigarettes, with all the worms in them.
Okay, the Indians, you've got to get even with the white man somehow.
And this is one of the ways they're doing it.
I wouldn't surprise me if they opened up a bunch of four houses pretty soon, too.
I mean, they know white man's vice, right?
Of course.
And they want it just like a mob.
They want to hit you with an opportunity.
That's what the deco said.
12 minutes.
We love the Indians.
Okay, we love our friends at the Seminole's.
Hank, they showed us from there all the time.
There were a long time sponsor of mine until I went to that one day.
And sorry, everybody.
There was over the age of 100.
Now, when you were there, were you there like at night?
Yeah, I was there Saturday night.
Were there the young people?
It was slammed.
There was young people, old people.
It was...
There you go.
There's packed.
And that proves right there.
If we had casino's man in South Florida, they'd be packed non-stop.
Around the clock.
If they would thrace tracks, you'd just get the slots.
Just as a start, this fall man.
It would be phenomenal.
But all know, because we've got the Bible Thumper, who's still worried about keeping Terry Shival
breathing so we can keep all the white-to-life people happy out there.
It's a Neanderthal-Freakin' state, man.
You should have seen it.
See, I thought when you opened up the new casino, the fall of the casino Niagara Falls,
if the old one down the road about five minutes away to casino and Niagara,
I thought they'd be on Death's Door.
Because the new one is real good, so you know, in modern?
The old one is packed.
They're both packed.
And people are having a great time.
They've got great restaurants in there.
What's not to like?
But at any rate, I'm getting carried away.
I'm so relieved though that you're corrected at that fact.
So the matter really is thought that the audience was in revolt when...
It's great enough blood.
And in South Florida, it is possible.
I've been shocked.
1113 at 560 WQM at summertime.
Days are getting longer nights getting shorter, which means it's so important for you
to try to get a good night's sleep.
If you're not sleeping as well as you would like to, do the smart thing like I've been doing
for years and all the other people at QM have been catching on too.
Make that one easy call.
1-800 mattress.
Do it today because millions of people have dialed 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S to get the best deal
all the way around.
The lowest price is on the best brands in Vending.
It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress.
Save yourself a lot of time.
Save money and improve your productivity.
Brighten your disposition because you get a great night's sleep every night.
You don't have to waste a lot of time.
Slip it all over time to find a mattress.
Now to mattresses ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Logs,
and the best sports excellence award.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you get the best prices on the best brands.
You would deliver your schedule and the best customer service in a business.
The Outer mattress has the complete line of all the top names.
They got them.
You like them, see that you serve the King Coral, Simmons, Tech Repeat,
Externs and Foster Hewitt, Stearns and Carle Foster.
From Kendlestore, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, the Outer mattress will deliver to you.
The fun is getting going anywhere.
Just check them out online first if you like at mattress.com and then make that easy call.
Don't forget to pick that two-hour window when it's convenient for you
to actually show up, take away the crappy sorelobe,
and set up your brand new window extra charge.
Call them today 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRES.
Now, you can look all.
This is for trail-finding.
You can play in the media.
In the largest of bodies, the spirit of summer like Gordon Whitefoot.
Are you serious?
Absolutely.
And now, Gordon Whitefoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fifth Gerald
and turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album,
Gordon Whitefoot Sweats Out Summer.
From the play in the world of the world of the world of the world,
but the rainbow, to the world of the world of the world of the world.
Yes, Kendleston, Gordon Whitefoot is heating up the Great White North
with a red-hot version of this loving spoonful-classing.
A town, a summer in the city,
I can't find it, get in the ring ring.
Just wait until you hear Gordon Whitefoot's novel approach
to summer's most famous novel, he saw.
Hello, my little, my little, my little,
here I am, that can't go no.
Put your toes in a sand and your fingers in your ears
and get ready for Gordon Whitefoot's rendition of this hit from the Genies.
Six summer times, summer times, summer times, summer times.
Summer times, summer times, summer times.
You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your CD player.
Its Gordon Whitefoot Sweats Out Summer.
Living 19, by the way, Josh in a movie now, I may have been wrong,
but it seemed to me when he was listening to some of the Saudi interest
at Time Warner, which owns CNN, that some of the Saudis are an embroidered directors of Time Warner also.
I believe so, yeah.
Yeah, so maybe that's one of the reasons why CNN is in Bush's back pocket,
although I'm amazed they're sticking with its curry speech as far as it is as long as they are.
It's now a $65 million program, where...
If you could invest in...
It was always kind of like here, I was going to give up at that point.
Come on, let's get behind John Kerry and quit knocking him, okay?
We love John Kerry, don't we?
388 votes on the poll so far.
He really has scares the crap out of me.
Just thinking he's got the look of loser written all over his face.
How can George W. Bush be possibly tied with John Kerry and Latest polls,
which he is, by the way?
388 of you voted so far.
Americans are morons, 157.
Morons like the Beast, who says you type in your thing.
I think you must understand what he's talking about.
I think he was talking about touch screen.
You know, type it in, Josh.
What I said, took the day out.
Oh, yeah, right. Didn't he say type it in?
Sure sounded like it.
Yeah, sure sounded like those words to me, Mr. Hatch.
Just wait a minute. Wait until you see who I've got coming over there to register you to vote.
I've set this all up for you.
I'm excited.
I can't wait.
I hope the two of you have a wonderful time.
I don't know who that guy is.
396 votes.
Americans are morons, 150.
Carries campaign sucks 101.
Let me tell you something.
I wish you would.
I wish you would, baby.
The media's in Bush's pocket 71.
America loves Bush 39.
I'm not sure I know what I meant by that.
And nobody knows Carrier 25.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
567, 0560.
See, we just had that thing on there.
I don't want to pick on the cruise limo.
Is that a real spot we had on there or what?
I don't think so.
The thing you played with Zoe?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, I'm filling that in.
It's a trade.
No, it's a tradeout.
So I can rip them all I want.
It was for one of those, well, it was Carnival cruise lines, one of those things.
It's Mickey Erson again.
See, this is why there's no casinos in South Florida.
But all of these interests, you got those grey robbers in the Bahamas.
We know about them.
Yeah, mine.
Who would be out of business in a heartbeat if we had casinos in South Florida.
You've got the Mickey Erson with those cruise lines, those cruises to nowhere,
which would be out of business in a heartbeat.
Yeah, mine.
Who would be out on short casinos?
And then, of course, you've got the Bible Fembers.
Those are the forces of evil.
Those are the evil doors who keep us in the Stone Age.
And I hate to break the news, Steve, but all that crap about South Beach.
Oh, they're all coming to South Beach.
And Madonna's living there.
And this one's like, well, guess what?
The blue was off of that rose.
Those 15 or 20 blocks, whatever it is.
That's from what I'm hearing.
They're all hip-hopping right out of there now.
Oh, yeah.
That's the story.
But when you have casinos, it's not one of these kind of hearing today
and gone tomorrow, kind of things.
It's not kind of like hit and miss.
And the idea that with all four million people at South Florida,
you've got a horse and buggy seasonal town.
Because nobody wants to be there right now,
and it's 140 degrees, and the shading humidity is 182%.
And nobody wants to be there.
But that place would be packed.
Packed.
Jam packed all year round.
If they put one on Miami Beach right on the water,
it would be slam 24 hours a day.
Right.
And one in four-lotter, Dale, right?
Right.
We're in by the Gold Ocean Mile there, man.
Yeah.
Be packed.
You don't want to have 441 in it.
And it's packed every day.
People would be pouring in.
The economy would be booming.
There'd be jobs.
Thousands of jobs.
Oh, we don't want to have that, Dale.
You're just in the generate pervert.
No, we got horse racing.
We got dog racing.
We got high life.
We got the frickin' lottery, which is the biggest ripoff
in history, mankind.
The biggest scan.
People are losing their lunch money
because they're going to play the lottery every week.
That's okay.
But for some reason, the newspapers and certain other special
entries have decided that those evil one-hour bandits,
those that are evil doers, maybe they're people
like hiding inside those things, you think?
It's possible.
Maybe there's like a little leprechaun sitting inside.
And just when you think you're going to get the three sevens
or whatever, it is all of a sudden
he just grabs that reel and just stops it just to piss you off.
That must be it.
Kill me, give me two sevens.
Yeah, he stops it on a cherry just to give you little tees.
Okay.
See, give you like two bucks back.
5607-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T for rising line.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, no more gambling.
Yeah.
I don't think that's a good idea at all.
And why is that?
Well, you think sports is the best thing
and then both the low you, but you think gambling is a good thing?
Well, when did I say sports was below me?
When did I say that?
I said, I'm boring here and people talking about it all day.
Well, I don't think gambling is a good idea at all.
Oh, and thank God that nobody bets on sports.
I don't agree with that either, but last time I was like,
you know, I didn't, I looked around and see too many happy people.
I don't want to see the beast pretty, uh...
Have you ever been in Vegas?
Uh, not in just gambling.
Well, okay, good. Well, don't go there.
Okay, just sit there and be miserable.
You sound like a real turd to me.
You turd?
God.
That sounds Florida for you, baby.
It's not in, but I see all these unhappy people.
I don't think I've ever seen any unhappy people build people in Vegas.
You lose your ass and you still have a great time.
Yeah.
That's right. I see Josh knows. He was there. He lost his ass.
And he had a wonderful time.
You can't...
If you don't have a good time in Vegas, you might as well be John Kerry, okay?
You might as well be a dead man in a suit.
A line with inflation.
Yeah, see?
He's just droning on, droning on.
You could go...
Before the camera started, like, shaking all around,
I think the cameraman, uh, uh, uh,
snoozed off there for a second or two.
Somebody just slapped him on the back and make him up again.
You listen to that whole speech of fall asleep, too.
The whole speech, too many colleges focus on getting kids to sign up.
So they can make it work.
Oh, man.
Yeah, we got...
We all want gambling.
Sports is beneath you.
Now, what have I ever said that?
I love hockey.
I love football.
I love the NFL.
I love my Patriots.
I love sports.
I just want to hear people...
It's like, uh, can you imagine the gambling station?
Well, we got that with the Eddie K. at night.
But seriously, can you imagine a radio station where they talk about gambling all day?
24 or 7?
Who would have listened to that?
Ooh, that would be interesting.
Yeah, that would be very interesting.
It's like the baseball card station, the staff collecting station, the new Misfitist station.
For all you coin collectors out there.
I mean, come on, man.
Just because you might be interested in something doesn't mean...
It's like the golf network.
They actually have a golf network on TV, which I'm sure you know.
Oh, yeah.
What kind of a moron have you got to be to be watching the golf network?
Huh?
That's got to be a terrible station to watch.
I think what you have, like embroidered right on your armpit is...
I have no life.
You got to brand it on your forehead.
I have no life.
The golf station.
So if you're one of those people that wants to talk sports around 24 or 7,
be my guest, but you're not going to do it on the show.
In fact, that's for no other reason we're doing a public service.
Give me a little bit of a break, okay?
Between seeing, as I said, the same thing about how boring it was that the Marlin game was...
...had a three and a half hour rain delayed and then until three o'clock in the morning.
Well, who gives a flying crap anyway?
You're looking to pay for the next day.
You find a score, you tune into our station and we give you a score.
That's it.
You have to talk about it all day long.
Let's talk about the rain delay.
I think they pulled the tarp off the field too soon.
What do you think?
Come on.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Just another jackass with another excuse who I gambling is bad.
So let's close the horse tracks.
Let's close the high-wire.
Let's close the dog racing.
Let's close down that lottery.
Let's stop all these poor desparados out there.
We're slump at a 7-eleven every other day to buy a bunch more lottery tickets.
Now, do you buy lottery tickets?
Yep.
So do I.
Good thing you have a Canadian lottery.
I told you this before they give you a lump sum.
You win like five million.
You get five million cash.
Really?
No taxes.
Yeah, no taxes.
Wow.
No one knew of these.
No one of that game they play in photo.
Well, we're not going to give you all the whole mob.
We're going to give you a half if you want the cash.
But if you want the full mob we'll give you an in-nuity.
If you live about 100 years, you might get the money.
You know?
Typical Florida bull crab, beaten swish.
Open up the casinos, bring the tourists in, we got the sun, Shawn, we got the beach.
Let everybody have a good time.
I know it's against the constitution of the state of Florida.
Send Jeb off to Africa somewhere with his brother.
And let us have a good time.
And look out.
This is Australia high city.
We're going to be in the new year.
This is a classic.
If you look in Florida, that's it.
We've got what you're looking for.
Right here at the casinos.
We're all going to die.
New Fridays with cash is all about.
So why not go out and style with your cash?
It's not.
Jews from all white selects, you know, designer casinos.
Like the popular, upright model.
The geek shop, the date, we're all ahead minds.
But it's Andy Flexing Glass winner, the rich of you, the daily news paper delivery.
And the plushly-affirmed, in Harazao Hotel, which is B.O.1 and 2.
Save more with Buggers galore.
Only at the caskets store.
We got what you're looking for.
Right here at the caskets store.
I'm dying over here.
I tell no to Mad Dog at 2 to Humper it 4.
Look at that.
We got the crow at 530.
Oh my God.
We're going to leave you in the ballgame.
Marlins on Deck at 7 and the Braves at the Braves at 735.
Hopefully no rain delay, 80k at the bed.
We got the ratings coming out soon, surely.
Yep.
Now when you were at the Seminole, at the brand new hotspot there,
were there buss are unhappy people walking around?
It looked like everyone was very happy to me.
It looked like a horse convention to everybody had a long face.
No.
Because I don't know where this guy's been, where everybody looked for your long happy.
He must have been in the loser section.
Sounds like it.
All the way out.
At least he was in the right spot.
Anyway, Thomas says,
Gamble has been part of South Florida since the 20s.
The problem was that it was run by the mob like Vegas back then.
That's the main reason they don't want casinos in Florida.
Because they think it'll bring in undesirable.
Like if we don't have those already.
Today the casinos are run by huge companies and conglomerates not the mob.
But don't confuse these people with the facts.
We have solid gold schools with all the money Gamble would bring in,
not to mention all the jobs.
Absolutely correct Thomas.
That's why we don't have them.
Because Mickey Ironson don't like it.
And those great robbers in the Bahamas don't like it.
And Governor Jebster, he don't like it.
He's busy trying to keep dead people alive.
Sean says, I read that in keeping with the CTA's record of efficiency,
the transfer of the prisoners at Amosang will take place
and the basement of the Dallas Police Department.
Access will be restricted to accredited members of the press
and Kurdish nightclub owners.
That is outstanding.
And he must have been psyched, Sean,
because my very next story here on the pile.
Sodom to be transferred tomorrow.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The Rx Prime Minister, E.I.d,
I'll always say today that Sodom was sent to be transferred
to Iraqi legal custody and face charges before the Iraqi court this week.
But it will remain, of course, in the US run jail for now,
because his government doesn't have a suitable prison.
All they got is...
Abu Gharram...
Rape.
I'll always promise that open proceeding
when Sodom faces war crimes charges, including genocide.
He lived in other high-value detainees,
also expected the face justice he told reporters during his first news conference
since the US-led coalition handed over sovereignty to his government,
yes, cherd, they.
Son will be transferred to Iraqi legal custody tomorrow,
and then face a ring if you were for an Iraqi drug on Thursday,
and then Lee Harvey Oswald and...
What's his name?
Jack Ruby.
We're going to meet with him.
We're going to have a meet.
That would be an interesting meeting.
Yeah, it should be.
5670560.560.
And I was deaf running in there, breathless in the air, watch.
Just give me a little play-by-play.
Now the trend is going to be,
let's see, if March, April and May,
Marzo Abriel and Mayo,
as in El Cinco de Mayo.
So we'll see whether we got a Cinco or a,
whatever the hell we got, what kind of numbers come out.
We'll see who's going to still be on it.
We got that big Howard Stern press conference tomorrow,
and we're starting to be announcing coming to WQA.
I'm six to ten thirty in the morning.
What sounds good to me.
Wouldn't that be great?
We worked ten thirty to two.
Sounds like a winner to me, three and a half hours, same money.
Here's our last call, WQA.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Sounds like Reverend Jones in the background.
Sounds like a five six seven,
oh five sixty, that was it.
Count five sixty on a AT&T,
and Verizon wireless line.
That was the middle of our call.
Well that's good, that means I can read all these bedtime stories now
that I've been holding off on.
All right.
Yeah, right.
That means it gives you a chance to put your feet up on a table
where they were in the sit back and eat those dunkin'.
I'm sorry, those crispy creams.
Oh, we just got it.
Sorry.
You just had pizza from Tony's I bet.
Little Caesar.
Little Caesar's?
He's the pizza.
Where is there a little Caesar's by there?
Right next to Publish.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Did somebody buy it?
Did they send it over for a gratis?
Did we give them, huh?
No, we had somebody go get it for us.
And you paid for it?
We did.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
You haven't learned lesson one.
Oh, I've learned.
I've learned.
Well, how long did you do that one?
Just call up Tony's and say,
he would like you to bring us some food today.
I don't know.
Zach didn't want to be a shlupper today.
Yeah, right.
When the hell is Zach going to start?
Well, I was going to say,
so again, how is the pizzas,
matter of fact, now that you paid for it,
that must make it taste extra good, huh?
Yeah, it's good.
Crazy bread.
Doesn't have a real salty taste like
little Caesar's dip down by UM.
No, it's delicious.
Yeah, the long pause there indicates to me
that there's a little bit of a problem there.
Okay.
WQA, I'm hello.
Amy, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Can we add a category to your poll?
Maybe.
The power of price compels them?
That might be it.
That definitely is.
And don't forget,
Exorcist DePriq will come soon with the interview
and you'll finish watching Micah Moore for five or six times.
And don't forget when the screen goes black,
everybody go, what?
I'm working on it.
Working back to the booth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on EAT.
I really wish that would have been a true stereotype.
The first facsimile joke.
I wish that would have been true.
That would have been hilarious.
Because that would have been perfect.
What have made the front page of New York Times,
Time Magazine, International Hero,
tribute all over the world?
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'll send you guys some food tomorrow for free if you want.
Where's this?
It's a place called the Joint on an ice theory just west of 95.
That says if you'll send a few joints, you'd be ecstatic.
OK, I have a minute hold.
What do you guys got?
Rear exporters, pasta, salads, just about anything.
I'll be a second, guys.
I'll put you on hold.
I'll put you on hold and I appreciate it.
Thank you.
OK, there you go.
I told you I had to feed you guys.
Maybe it's a day late.
I said the day, but then again, you guys had to feed us anyway.
So there you go.
Here's your lunch for tomorrow.
I'm excited.
So I'm hoping Zach was taking notes when we had the spot on for the casket store.
Because if you don't cut the crap, Mr.
I know.
We have an office pool going on to see who's going to explode first.
You, Fat Boy, the Beast, the Humper, or me.
And I don't think I'm not in your league yet, not even close.
Who's going to explode?
You're just a big oozing pile of flesh right on the floor out there in the hallway.
That would be interesting.
Right in front of Muff's office.
5.67.05.16.
Nobody running in the area with any pages with any numbers?
Nope.
Dorstle closed.
Can't I believe that?
Line 9.
WQA.
Hello.
Not there.
WQA.
Hello.
You know how are you?
Pretty good.
Who the hell eat little scissors anyway?
I know.
It's crap.
You don't want to say it.
I've never do it again.
Are you guys giving away anything for you today?
No.
Thank you.
Our best wishes.
We'll see you there's pizza.
Yeah, we're giving away.
Yeah, hand on, Polly.
We'll slide some through the photo.
Okay.
We'll squeeze some of the sauce in there for you.
5.67.
Boy, this is really weak.
I don't want to go into the story now because it's too long to pull a firmman article.
I'll get to it.
And I'm also assuming that maybe some of these numbers already starting to puke out or maybe
there's some kind of unaproblema.
Wouldn't that be something?
Maybe Maddie Bell when I'm strike down there.
Maybe Greg and Maddie Bell are duking it out or maybe Muff is like in between trying to
grab some of the numbers.
It's trying to grab it.
We'll be the first time.
5.67.
05.60.
05.60 on the AT&T.
I bet it or somebody got a line line right now.
I see it.
WQM.
Hello.
Yeah, I got the meal.
Please.
Speaking.
Good morning.
Boy, if you headed on the head with this gambling and casino's down here.
It is so desperately needed.
I've got to go on the line to gamble on baseball or football games.
Right.
That's BS, you know.
And this guy's giving me a sign of the answer about sports.
I said if there weren't thousands of millions of people gambling on sports, nobody would be talking about it.
The NFL would close down.
There you go.
It's on gambling.
Absolutely correct.
And then I just want one more thing to say.
How could carry the Democratic nominee and Bush be the Republican?
This is the best that we have in this country.
Yeah, yeah.
Like I said,
O Canada, man.
It's absolutely disgusting.
I'll see you in Niagara Falls.
I'll see you in the casino.
Okay.
Oh.
I'll be standing on a Canadian side.
Hey, I'll wait for you.
Stand up in there in the American side.
And I'll stand on the connox side.
What do you say?
I'll be...
I'll throw you a couple of rubber nickels.
I'll be in the middle of the whole thing.
This is my city.
The radio's on yours now.
I don't feel well.
I got a story that's going to make you do a load in your pants.
I'm telling you right now.
Back in the day when someone never swung.
We didn't take their ground.
In Pearl Harbor, they're when the jabs dropped their bones.
We bumped them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards are little flags waving.
At that Saudi movement,
we tired voice of fathers from waiting.
Stand up in Paris to be in America
where they follow those like kings.
The United States of arrogance
like Bush and the family.
We think of this country.
Ambulance of our disates in our history.
I don't want to be a tax of arrogance.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
is the force to be.
And now the Paris could be in America
where we take three of a tickly.
We the flag in one hand with our head in the sand
and blindly follow the powers that be ever said to.
I thought the flag was not.
Watching St. Crohn used on a 65 inch screen.
Scratcher.
Five.
Everything's okay.
Okay.
England.
USA.
This story isn't up to making just wonder what that's all about.
I keep in mind we can't make farting noises on a radio
according to the FCC.
The Supreme Court rule today that a law meant to punish
pornographers who peddled dirty pictures
to web surfing kids is probably an unconstitutional
muzzle on free speech.
Oh my God.
You ready for that?
Oh yeah.
The high court divided five to four over a law passed in 1998
signed by then President Clinton and now back
by the Bush administration.
The majority said a lower court was correct to block the law
from taking effect because it likely violates the first amendment.
So I give a little kids out there that want to watch all the
booby pictures and get on all the adult porn sites.
Good news. The Supreme Court said go ahead and have a good time.
All right.
The court did not end the long fight over the law.
However, the majority sent the case back to a lower court for a trial.
I could give the government a chance to prove the law doesn't go too far.
The majority led by justice, Anthony and Kennedy said there may have been important
technological advances in the last five years since the federal judge blocked the law.
Holding a new travel law discretion of what technology if any
might allow adults to see in biometriolous legal for them while keeping that
material out of the hands of children.
How do you like that?
At any rate.
Okay. Let's just smith him because we can't make farc sounds on the
ear.
Numbers are coming across and you see anything so far as much for a smile and
grinning. Is he got an ugly look on his face like he was gambling?
Miguel just came in put him in the bag and she walked right out.
Oh, Miguel, he's you know Mr. Noncommittal.
Let's see.
12 plus life. Look at this. We must have got some people to speak English this
time. Look at that.
You think?
They tried because life WLIF slushed the carpet or what else did they play?
I mean, I never listened to that station. Anybody listen to it?
Nope.
Huh?
Oh, look at that. We went way up on the show 12 plus.
Woo! Heavy duty. Look at that for number 11 and number five.
12 plus. We must have had one, one, one hell of a trend.
I'll tell you that right now. Nice going, Neil. Thank you.
I bet you had to serve start next week doing what just Tuesday and Thursdays
next two months. I think that's a good idea.
Sure.
Yeah, I'll go for it.
Let's see.
Moorings were flat, Mo. Mo is a flat.
Do do do do do do.
Is a pancake.
I'm trying to do this now rationally.
Okay. I've got these glued together here all in bunches and etc.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to be hopping around all over the place.
I'm trying to do two things at one time.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8. But of course everybody wants to know.
See the people in the business are the ones that listen when we do these ratings things.
Because their management will tell them especially if their number is sucked.
Now let's see 6 a.m. and let's see what about the moorings?
How do you think they'd call an old Ron or do?
No, this is only 12 plus.
Keep in mind nobody cares about that.
But it's a signal. It's a something.
Right?
The good news is WCNQFM.
Oh great.
Wrap it off the face of the map and I knew they would.
That way I don't know what that was all about.
You know?
It's probably with a booklet.
They had a couple of those big like January and February.
They did those wild, wired diary kind of months as voguesses could be.
And all of a sudden they're feeding back in the pack as we're finally starting to get a few people who speak English to get some of the diaries.
By the way for the men 18 plus Miguel said we're number one.
Damn it!
Well that's great.
You took the element of surprise away.
I think I'm missing a page here but that's okay.
That's okay. I think I'm missing.
Maybe it's my bad.
See this is what happened because this is a mess trying to do all of this while I'm doing a show.
So they have like some kind of an assistant.
But that's all right.
We don't care about the...
Oh yes we do 12 plus in the morning.
Where's that first page?
Hey Doc, if you're listening 6 to 10 am 12 plus first then you need that first page again.
I'm starting with number nine which is by 100.
So I can't really tell if Zeta did...
Let's say I want to look at that Zeta's state about flat from a 3.0 to a 2.9 12 plus in the morning.
So Paul and Old Ron, if you make any inroads there with the Howard out of the market, we don't know.
And would that be something if Stern does come back on?
I'm all for it.
I'm for freedom of speech man.
I say put him on here right now.
In fact what we're going to do is we're going to be like stereo on AM on 560.
You can out of one speak you're going to be hearing the Howard Stern show.
And then the other speak you're going to be hearing Mo and Golders.
And then the little vlog.
So you can even listen to him at the same time and I'll cut off one channel.
That's that sound.
Perfect.
And then we get credit.
We get ratings.
We just combine all of them.
Sounds good to me.
It's good about an 18 year in there.
So let's see 12 plus life is number one moving from number four to number one.
So we got some I don't know who what people listen to life.
Not sure.
CM2FN dropped from a six to a five seven down to a five.
They're dropping like a rock.
They're still number two.
They're time for a second but they're dropping precipitously.
They're time for a second overall with EDR.
No speaking in English.
I'm power 96.
They're a second.
50.
Hot.
4.7.
Look at all these ethnic stations man.
Life.
They must be playing some good care in Carpenter songs.
Right?
So we got a number four two up to a four six.
Holy cow man that is really disgusting.
But I do on more one up a little bit.
And the overall number.
But again mid days.
Life is number one 12 plus.
Look at that 6.4.
And you want to know why because all the doctors, all the dentists.
Everybody that's got an orifice.
This has got life turned on.
You know that?
Everybody's got an orifice.
Whatever office you go into it's that.
Right.
Sure.
Life is playing the background.
And the Carpenter is, you know, rainy days and Mondays.
You know, 3D pressing crap.
CMQ I thinned down from a 75 then it was 6.5 and out out of a 5.9.
Not right off their perch by life.
Take that you bastard.
Thank you.
I wonder if they couldn't overthrow Castro.
You've beaten by a Carpenter's slush music station.
You know they're pretty embarrassing.
Wouldn't you be embarrassed?
A little.
Now let's see.
Let's take a look at the afternoon.
I know the Humper is probably on the edge of his seat right now.
Actually he's probably still asleep.
Probably on the edge of his sack right now, listen.
See how the Humper did 12 plus.
Again, this is not our demo.
We don't really care, but it kills him time.
Tower is still number one, but they dropped specifically about a half a point.
Life.
EDR.
This is the afternoon.
M-I-B men and black baby 4.5.
They're killing.
Hot.
4.3.
Radio Amor.
CMQ FM.
Does anybody speaking with Jesus?
Oh Jesus.
K Christ.
Where now is the Humper and the mad dog around here?
Are they on the second page?
No.
This is 12 plus.
Keep in mind that's not our demo.
Okay.
I keep saying it.
See it.
It's not our demo.
Not our demo.
W-I-D-A-State about flight went up a tentative of point 12 plus the afternoon.
Where is the Humper?
Oh look at that.
2-6.
Look at last three trends here.
2-5.
2-6.
2.6.
There's nothing like consistency, right?
Better to be consistent than bad.
Well nobody again, this is 12 plus.
It doesn't mean anything.
I mean when we get to the men and all this other.
It's going to be, so in other words, we're number one.
Many 18 plus.
Did you tell me that wasn't the listing?
That's what Miguel told me.
Okay.
Well I school on Miguel.
You're okay in our book even though you do have all my damn Marlin tickets.
Anyway, what else we got here?
Oh, here we go with the men.
A lot of order pages just, but I'll take it.
Here is the morning because I know Moles trying to nurse himself back to hell.
6 to 10 A and many 18 plus.
Radio Mambe and again, keep in mind those are old men.
Okay.
Old men.
Nobody needs a 100.
So that doesn't really mean anything.
They got a 5.4, they're number one.
But again, it's all that comedy stuff.
Comedy stuff.
It's amazing how many old ancient men, older than me even, which is saying a lot that they're
getting these diaries.
Isn't that amazing?
W.A.C.D.J. is tied for first movement.
Now let's say that's another enough speaking grade station, but down a little bit.
W.Q.B.A.C.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J.D.J
Were those the 4.8 that they got old Paul and Ancient Rome off of there? Q.A.M. Nice going howdy!
That would be good!
Of course probably Jewel Rose, but let's get credit where credit is do we know it's not guildies?
From a 3-3, up to a 4-2, to a 4-6 from number 13 to number 7 to number 5.
Oh!
Good morning! How do you like that? We're making in-rose baby-wrecking strides, aren't you impressed?
Yeah.
So that's what that's all about.
IoD and the other hand went from a 4-5 down to a 3-6 down to a 3-2 in the morning, and 18 plus.
So I would be dropping like a rock.
So not all the Julios and right wingers which I hate to redundancy there are getting all the diaries anymore
See I'm going back in my word. I'm doing exactly what I always do with this stuff
But there's no other way to do it unless I just make a big pile here and heap it all on the floor
I'm sure you're gonna have to do no no. I'm doing it organized man. I got my stapler here
I got like a little operation going maybe even better than the operation I had in my back
There you go see that you hear that yep
It's a sound of my staple gun just taking six to ten and jamming it all together there
Now what about many team plus over the whole week?
We'd like to see that if we got a shot at some extra bonus money in here
Miguel I don't have those pages. It's coming. I'll bet you should have it by now
many team plus midday
Look at that number man holy cow
Bill go wow
I could only imagine that 25 to 54 number two bad Georgia in here this week because they need to be probably out there spending that bonus money at the casino
Well, I can go and lose my ass. I think I'm gonna leave right now you guys handle the rest of the show
I'm I'm gonna take the shuttle bus tonight for false
And I don't care what you say Josh or in fact both of you
Well, the guys that called him did we have any women calling today about casinos if have we have any women called period
Guys they sound like a bunch of food cakes to you. They sound like they were just in the parade on Sunday
I don't think so they said it real macho to me
Son of a lot butchered in Georgia. I've had that because you're a chance a little fruity on here
But they were playing the slots and you all about it the one guy's giving me a song to dance about the four corners and
The twelve corners and Rochester and Earl's drugs in the of all that crap. Yeah, he's been to the high rock a couple times
I think yeah, I bet
The see your you guys I don't know what you're what does that come from all the see real man
We go and play poker we play crafts. I know all about crap
So came black in the pretty picture and black shit. I was boring. I have played plenty of black check and we left you play
We left I have before we lost fun
It's okay when you're winning
Yeah, when's that when is that start never I just take a thousand and put it on double low double zero
Biggest color see what I I don't have the patience for that just give me like five thousand put it on black or red
That's all let's get that over with and go on and have a good time. It's so fun to
Everybody can pick his own poison and by the way, we don't need any more gambling in Florida
Look at this number six five in a winter book six three in the last trend at a number one seven point two
Oh in this trend aren't you guys impressed?
We're number one
Richard Robert Gryper is pissed off. He suffers from a rest of development Robert
CMQ FM is number two. We finally knocked them off their perks. They're dropping. Baby. They're dropping dropping dropping
Red
Radio mom B number three W. I. O. D from a six point eight down to a six point one of the next trend down to a five point
Their faith is fading fast
And I think you'll find as bushes
popularity fades so all the popularity of right wing talk radio and right wing propaganda to a radio and you'll see Fox news
And while they got they got that solid group there obsessed, you know the people watch Fox news
It's on like 24 seven. It's like the same thing with the people listen to a Spanish language radio
They just would did oh did oh did oh did oh does just on every single minute of every day
You want to go to sleep? They keep it on make sure that if the Neilson meters running
So how do you like that with number one and men?
So I need to see that and of course, I'm sure the hopper is sitting there like I said on the 80's seat with some hot screpper
I mean with some
Breakfast in his lamp
Many King plus look at that in the afternoon, baby. I
Think we're gonna have some serious bonus money coming here if you ask me
Number one
Yeah, and finally Greg it's in spite of you
We're
Stayed don't see you but you can call me down. We remember I'm in town. I listen to
It's the 12 to 1 hour
Number one
J ob
I know
They've gotta
What did you say?
I'll keep the thank you more.
No, no wait a minute, don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at that, how about this?
I was the weather down there in the mirror mod.
I'm going to write down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh wait, by the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I told you what.
I'll hold you over and I'll break.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank patients.
How's that?
No way.
That was the only color we had.
The things I know is flowing again.
It's not going to go away.
It's not going to go away.
It's not going to go away.
It's not going to go away.
It's not going to go away.
Wow, that thing with the face.
I know that I just made it around those holes in the mouth.
You want my eye?
If you go up and down here as a sea,
a road path will keep still in me.
You just get there, me, son.
Way to die, I die!
I know it's close when something stays.
It's almost every day I've been.
And my veins are still a star, that tickles.
I had to know it, the door to door shows.
Yeah, I told them all in a pack.
After a couple of twenty old friends,
they had no sense to put the veins in.
And they died in front of the walls of sea.
And say it's gonna get stuck where they are.
I can't have a feeling that I'm sleeping.
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
From 04.560 WQM, happy Tuesday, too.
Always in a better mood when the numbers come out real big.
I can must walk around with a big smile on his puts, right?
Oh, yeah.
Probably Greg is running up and down the hallway,
patting himself on the ass.
He's got a nice back bone.
So let's see, Beth says that you want 18 to 34,
no, you want 25 to 54 would be very nice.
Persons also be nice to get the first page of the men 18
plus for the entire week, because I never got that.
Have you got that?
I'm sending it right now.
Are you really?
Have you got it?
Yeah, right in front of me.
Because it wouldn't seem to me that QM might be overall number one men.
2018 plus, are we?
Well, surprise me.
Well, that's okay.
We got a shot like Jimmy was a good shot.
Now, let's see, here there's, I can give you the extrapolation again
for a moment of guilty and Joe.
Mornings, we had a 5.1 in men in this last month,
which is pretty darn good.
Midday is we had a 9.1.
Damn, God!
How do you like that?
I'm just, this believe in, afternoon to 6.3.
Nice going, boys.
Even a mad dog, in spite of his right wing leanings,
even him will throw in here.
Let's see, afternoons 3 to 7,
and QM, 5.2, number one again.
Boy, oh boy.
Can't do much better than number one.
So let's see how long now it'll take,
Rig, to screw things up, right?
Now that these numbers came on, they're so impressive, fantastic.
Let's see how long before he plants another story to Barry Jackass,
column about, oh, well, I'm not too satisfied with Joe Rose.
I'm not too sure I'm going to leave him in there.
And more is a cranky old fart.
We don't need a so whiny piece of crap.
It's going to do the Panther game.
And all that other crap.
Just leave it alone.
Go take up a hobby, okay?
Take up skydiving with Herbert George, your Herbert Walker.
Get out of our face.
Okay, so now we can go back into the show.
QM and the Marlins at 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lauderdale
Aile House on Federal Highway, just south of Oakland Park,
Boulevard. Stop by for prizes from Billy the Marlin
and the Mermaids.
It's the Marlins Watch Party 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lauderdale
Aile House, bring your own watch.
How can George's W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and the latest
polls? That's our question, as we say, with the Geek, the Puss.
585 votes. Americans are morons.
That's what 255 of you said.
Kerry's campaign sucks 150 and so far that was my vote.
Because so far I think that's a compliment.
The media is in Bush's pocket 101.
Yeah, that's the course they take at CNN, Fox, MSNBC.
Being in Bush's pocket 101.
America loves Bush 51 and nobody knows Kerry yet 48.
We hardly knew you, John. Right?
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe inside that old Fuddy W.
Exterior, there's a fuzzy, warm teddy bear, you think?
I hope it comes out soon.
I don't think so.
Anyway, many team plus, but look at the, if you take a look at this all,
when the next month comes, man.
WCMQFM, Sanito Bonito, baby, Adios, every bit, aren't you?
Ciao.
Gosvedania, Dewey, Putzins.
Look at that CMQFM, it was bogus months of the hit earlier.
The year 75 in the winter, booked out of W63,
down to a 5-4, hanging precipitously to that number one
and men's spot overall during the week,
as QAM continues rising from the ashes like the penis of the Phoenix.
QAM 4.2, up to a 4.5, and now a 5.1 overall,
we're number two, dammit, we're pretty excited about it.
Radio Mom B, WED, all these other ethnic stations,
been where the only bright shining light in the middle of the sea of ethnic swill.
WID is dropping like a crazy, in fact,
we never looked at rush, did we, see how they're doing in mid-days?
Because we sure as hell want to make sure that rush continues doing real well,
otherwise Robert will get upset.
I don't want to do that.
QAM 7.2, many, team plus in mid-day, CMQ was second,
WAQI, Radio Mom B is third, and then WID,
including rush for three hours,
from a 6.8 in the winter, booked to a 6.1,
to a 5.2, exactly, 5.0.
QAM 4.2, dropping dramatically, how do you like that?
Nice, we're putting glad back in on there too,
a good job there, PD Bulls, you're doing it.
See, it's one thing about management and program directors,
people that keep changing and shuffling the deck in check.
That's the PD Bulls you're especially.
When he took over the light bulb, FTO, which wasn't much anyway,
but that was his specialty there, move this one around,
and that one, take the same old tired people
who don't belong out in the first place,
and just keep shuffling them all around,
moving their time slots.
Just like when a show on 9, the one that sure worked out well,
then it no.
But, Jess, I'm telling you right now,
we need that would like to really cap off,
assure us a great year all the way through the end of the year.
What's that?
We need that, and of course these horrendous kidnappings
that are happening over there in the Middle East,
I'm not making a lot of those.
So we need to arrange our own kidnapping.
Who are we kidnapping?
I have to spell it out for you who were kidnapping.
Oh, you don't have to spell it out for me.
Let me give you a hint.
Great.
Yeah.
Okay.
How's that?
Thank you for your clue.
Great.
Yeah, I got it.
Somebody, you just get a hold of him,
and maybe we can get one of those part-of-potty deals.
We'll keep him safe from, uh, fair and high 9-11.
Maybe with Michael Mordos,
we can get one of those deals.
Just lock him in here, give him some good reading material.
A whole bunch of charmers,
and we're going to get a cheap back-to-mass.
Now, what is this that you're sending me?
Oh, I see.
You always send me the whole thing, the whole package.
Oh, my God.
Well, when we get to that,
we'll take a look at that.
Okay, because I'm not going to bore the audience with this anymore.
One thing I also didn't look at, you know what it was?
What?
Big.
Big, because this is three months of stirring, beat off.
And then, of course, uh,
Paul and Old Ron have been on there, what, a month, two months?
A couple of months, I guess, huh?
A couple of months.
Well, let's take a look at the impact they're making.
They're with men, at least.
Even though, again, this isn't their demographic.
That's what they would say.
Uh, 6010A, and do I have it?
Did I lose it?
I ain't got it?
Oh, please, cracker, please.
Here it is.
In the morning,
Radio Mom B, WSDD, I don't see, oh, there's Jada.
Like I said, Jada went up with, uh, Lexyn Luther.
Who was it that's doing at show, Lexyn Terry?
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you, I think they may have dysentery,
but Lexyn Terry, uh, moving up in the men.
Number three, tied for third.
Just barely aging up,
Molyn Gellie and Joe.
Molyn Joe and Gellie and the big O.
Oh!
Let's see, Radio Amor, Radio R.
I don't see Big On here at all's matter of fact.
Holy Moly, Ratman,
Hot 105, WEDR, WMIB, Men in Black,
W-I-O-D, W-M-X-J,
Holy crap, it's not on the first page,
it's not on the second page, boys and girls.
Can you believe that?
Maybe it's on the third page.
You've churred.
Radio Romanceia, love 94.
Oh, geez.
Look at that, dropping.
Of course, uh, the serum is always number one in men,
but dropping from before.
I can't wait for Glenn Garvin's column,
or he'd be Howard Cohen over there to find me here,
to say, oh, Big 106 continues, uh,
without stirring or doing this fine.
Right.
Men from a 4.6 tied for fifth in a winner book,
which included one month of stirring being gone,
then to a 3.3, which is two months of as being gone,
number 14.
And now tied for 17th,
even to try to be boosted up by unoriginal
and pathetic and tragic, uh,
Paul and old Ron,
2.6, they're tied for number 17,
with love 94.
And with, uh, RMA at Radio Romanceia,
they're tied with the party.
Can you believe that?
They're still around.
All the way down to number 17.
Oh, and don't forget,
the party's over Disney.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Yeah, we know.
Party's over for that piece of crap.
Play the same 15,
they played the rude 800 times in a row,
and that's it they're done.
So there's some really good news for us,
and I'll go through a, uh,
to find out some more,
to give some people a few digs who deserve very well.
Because it's not only important that you succeed,
but that cheek channel does very, very poorly.
That's what we hope.
We hope that they go out of business.
We hope that all our stations rot.
We hope that Pete Bollinger and David Ross,
and Rhonda will think,
and all those other great robbers over there,
we hope that they won't get like, uh,
some kind of rectal itch.
Right?
Sure.
Because anybody in this business
who has ever worked for them,
or with them, or around them, or near them,
and even listeners can tell you they're real pain in the ass.
They deserve chronic rectal itch bad.
Let's see, person's 2554,
midday, is this ought to be kind of interesting, you think?
Take a peek at it.
Look at that, love 94, man.
They're not only number one,
but they're just zooming up there.
People want to hear a slush.
We went up midday, four, three, two,
four, four, four, four, six,
which is marked exactly through the roof,
but nevertheless, uh,
should extrapolate pretty well
when we get the man out of that thing.
So we're doing just fine, okay?
We're just, uh,
or we're fine.
Okay, here at QA,
and in spite of all the rumors and all the history
and Greg Read and Barry Jackass,
all of the sudden the crap,
all these contrived ideals going on,
your words get suspended,
is he fired, is he coming back?
All of this garbage, man.
And I'll say it again,
and I don't want to like pat ourselves on the back.
Yeah, girl.
But I will anyway.
Other than this radio station
in the South Florida market on AM,
is there anything that there's nothing else on here
worth even thinking about, is there?
Nope.
No.
I mean, and of course AM.
You know, with that awful sound that we make,
well, we can't help that.
Although we are,
what does that thing that says in the promos?
We're a digital, uh,
a digital, uh,
a digital, uh,
static.
You have never heard such clear and loud static
in your life as you're here on this radio station,
especially if there's any like power lines
and you're out there in a highway,
you're around 441 especially.
But in H, the original, uh,
whatever it is.
It's a little better than that.
Right, it sounds fabulous.
You have never enjoyed static
like you're here on this station.
From 13 at 560 WQM,
if you're sick and tired of your PC,
being attacked by browser pop-up windows,
being launched by spyware,
getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers,
the easiest way to deal with those bugs
is to get you a Macintosh
from the Mac Center,
the Apple's Specialist and 4-Lotterdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than Windows,
so all these PC pastures got hurt the old Mac.
The technology experts at Mac Center
can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac
with thousands of programs available,
including ones you're already used to
like Microsoft Word and Excel.
They'll even take your old computers to trade in.
So make the change today by calling MacCenter at 954
4865500.
You won't get a better deal on your Mac
or iPod anyplace else in town
because MacCenter's the home of the 5%
we made on every purchase.
Come in before June 30th,
which means tomorrow,
last time I checked in here tomorrow,
and registered a win the hard to find iPod mini.
That's happening at the Mac Center,
I'm commercialable of our call 9544865500.
9544865500,
don't forget to mention the Arrogance for Extra Savings
when you pop into the Mac Center.
I'm a real smart guy.
I am a real smart guy.
This is your 20th license.
You weigh in.
I'm a real smart guy.
I'm a real smart guy.
I'm a real smart guy.
You're a senior ghost skydiving on his 80th birthday.
Read my lips.
I'm a real smart guy.
What? Exclusive screams from Courtney Cox
during the delivery.
I'm a real smart guy.
Explosive actions.
Explosive actions.
Anybody have a problem with that?
Second away.
You want a problem?
I'll give you a problem.
Probably 18 at 560.
So let's say everybody done real good.
We're very proud.
We thank the audience and we thank ourselves
and our grandparents and everybody else, right?
Yeah.
Everybody's just fine.
So that means a good free food.
Now, who is that guy from that call to be forward to food?
He was looking for a plug probably and deserves one.
I'm not sure.
Somewhere around here with a burglar grill like place.
Josh would give you the answer, but guess who just showed up?
Oh, the guy with the...
Okay, now this is pretty interesting.
Right now, as we speak, this is perfect timing.
Josh just wants to go get him out of the lobby.
I don't know if he's bringing him back here.
I think Josh just left.
It's possible.
Josh, are you Josh?
Courtney's no.
He's in the other room.
He's probably hopping on that elevator.
He's on the elevator down already.
Make sure that Frankie Carlison accepts him at the pass there.
In fact, maybe Frankie Carlison accepted the other guy.
Josh just walked back in the room with a whole bunch of stuff in the sand.
Really?
All kinds of papers.
Would you without the guy?
No guy.
Okay.
Oh, as the guy gone?
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
The way you left, what are you trying to say?
Hey, you never know.
But I got all my information.
Oh, too bad that I'm not there because believe me, I know.
But in any way, you got all your information.
You got your form to fill out?
Well, yes, I do.
And I got to do that and mail it in.
I'm good to go.
Josh is blushing a little bit, too.
Oh, and he's out there in awful long time.
You know what?
There he was.
Now, you're sure he was out in the front lobby or maybe a little pit stop in the teabroom?
Well, anyway.
Speaking of that, Tampa area teacher charged with having sex with 14-year-old boy.
See, every time a teacher, like the one in Seattle or somewhere in Portland, Oregon,
and then the one in New England, remember that?
Yep.
Every time a female teacher asked sex with a young boy, everybody says,
Oh, yeah, I wish I could have done that, right?
Well, how old was the teacher?
Only 23.
Oh, you saw this story?
I just bought the story up.
Oh, on a website?
Yeah.
I have 23 and 14.
That's not that bad, right?
Not too bad.
But if it would have been a 23-year-old guy and the girl would have been 14,
then daddy would have been born a brain cell, right?
And people would say, Oh, my God, that's disgusting.
Oh, he would have been in jail in three seconds.
Right.
I just don't think teachers have any business in spite of the fact that all these macho guys want to brag about.
Well, I was in school.
I was only 15 years old.
And I was banging my 40-year-old teacher.
And all I crap.
It just do not seem appropriate.
And I'm hardly an old prude.
I'm a real pervert.
But I just don't get that.
A newlywed middle school teacher has been charged with having sex numerous times
with a 14-year-old student, including in a classroom, in a apartment and once in a vehicle while his 15-year-old cousin did the driving.
Right.
That's the heck of a story.
Deborah Beavley-Lafave, 23, turned herself into Marie and County authorities in Ocaliest,
and as she was released on 25 grand bail,
La Fave of Riverview, a reading teacher, a Greco-middle school in Temple Terrace,
a few miles north of Tampa.
Temple Terrace, oh, they're probably going to swing her ass up.
Oh, she's in trouble.
Man, oh, man, it's like a red kind of loots, Temple Terrace.
She was charged with two counts of Ludmarsivius battery and one kind of Ludmarsivius exhibition,
a 30-sail of Fave, who has been married less than a year.
Had sex with a student in the back of her sport utility vehicle while the student's 15-year-old cousin
threw them around the Ocala area.
They were your torsion around?
Yeah, why not?
Monday.
Monday's charges are in addition to those from my three-sewrested Temple Terrace when she was charged with two counts of committing Ludmarsivius battery,
allegedly having sex with a teen, an affordable classroom at her school.
It wasn't so classroom, it was one of the important parties from Michael Moore movie.
The police just tried to keep him safe.
Yeah, they were safe.
She was out on bond from last week's arrest when she turned herself in yesterday.
La Fave's lawyer, John Fitzgibbon, said he wasn't ready to respond to the allegations.
There was a presumption of innocence in this country, said probably very indignantly.
Mary and County Detective said the boy in this cousin-provided matching statements including the teacher.
See, that's what really pisses me off, is when kids like that, he goes out and gets laid and then they rad on her, you know?
Why would he do that?
Maybe she was the last he laid.
Oh, that's a different story.
And cremating the teacher and at the 14-year-old was able to identify tattoos and birthmarks on La Fave's body and the layout of her apartment.
The teen told investigators that he and La Fave got to know each other on their way back from middle school graduating classroom to see world in Orlando last month.
They got to know each other.
He said that she would invite him to her classroom detention.
He ended up talking to a taken to basketball practice at the recreation center, taking to get his haircut and to his house to report said.
And this came a little bit unusual if a teacher is bringing a 14-year-old kid in to get his haircut?
Yeah, that's a little weird.
I mean, this is not a seven or eight-year-old kid.
This is a 14-year-old kid.
Probably don't need mommy or a teacher to take him to get his haircut.
Nice guys, cause of a drive-around.
La Fave gave the boy herself a number on the last day of school.
La Fave was working in the Hillsborough County School System for two years and has been placed on administrative duty.
Could be suspended without paid following the next school board meeting official said.
The boy told the detectives that La Fave told him that her marriage was in trouble and that she was aroused by the fact that having sex with him was not allowed.
It was their boatman she wanted to be forbidden fruit.
So the screws use?
Yeah, she wanted to be forbidden fruit.
She could have come and grabbed onto Carlos out there at the front desk.
Definitely for forbidden fruit.
That for anything alive.
Okay, let's take a look at that pool.
Let's get back on track here.
That the rating thing was just kind of dazzling overwhelming.
I'm sure that definitely just squeezing his kneecaps and just probably farting up a storm in there right now.
Now that's just to release the pressure, you know what?
He's in his office going over all the papers.
Just pouring over it.
642 votes not too shabby.
Howlkin George W. Bushby time a John Kerry in the latest polls.
If you wonder why we took that pool.
The very latest CBS New York Times poll says.
Kerry 45 Bush 44 a statistical dead he.
I saw that one thing came into my mind immediately.
Why?
Yeah, that was it.
How is it possibly?
Americans are morons.
That's what 252 people decided.
Carries campaign sucks.
164. That was my first thought.
The media is in Bush's pocket.
One 19, which I think is a given.
America loves Bush 57.
And nobody knows Kerry at 50.
Nobody knows the trouble he's seeing.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel's line for those who would like to call and congratulate us for the phenomenal.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
See, it means probably to the average schmuck out there.
I mean, what do they care about that right?
As long as we're here in its free and they can listen to every day.
It's the kills for hours.
That's all.
That's all nice to them.
To most of them right.
I mean, we got a few loyal people out there.
Oh, that's great.
The idea was so happy because that means you guys are still going to be there.
And keep in mind that my reward for this is that next week I'm only on Tuesdays and Thursdays and next two months.
And I guarantee you they're very happy about that because George has been just as Josh Steve.
He'll say that George has been getting better and better.
He's so damn good.
I'm thinking Tuesday and Thursdays is enough for like the rest of my deal, yeah?
Why not?
Sure.
At the same pay, of course.
Yeah, sure, absolutely.
Absolutely.
I learned that from the Humper.
He learned a lot from me about screwing off a blot, tell ya.
He's got a deal now.
He used to be on four hours.
Now he's on three hours yesterday.
And today because he's so overworked from being on here yesterday for a three solid hour.
Today he's only on for like just a brief time and then a crow at five thirty.
I'm up U-M-E-B-T-R-O-B-D-M-E-B-D-G-L-B.
Okay, Bob?
I like that one.
Five, thirty to seven.
You got only an hour and a half Humper showed today because he's overworked from yesterday.
He has to like probably go have a couple extra feedings.
So he got the crow on though.
Yeah, the crow on before the game.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Not there.
And they were just about to call and say, great job guys.
We couldn't interrupt without you.
That was probably Greg calling to congratulate us.
You know, I know people think I'm just saying this to be dramatic.
But don't you?
Aren't you amazed when you're sitting there, you see the stuff that goes on day in and day out.
Especially Zach.
Because Zach is there in the morning.
He's seen all the travails.
I mean, the stuff that just unmentionable.
Isn't it just shocking that we just do this book after book month after month after month for the most part?
And we were just drowning in a sea of horsemen or and every time we stick our head up, it smells like lilacs.
You know?
You follow what I'm saying?
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I'm so pleased.
What is it?
Neil.
Neil Rogers speaking yesterday.
You got the right number.
The regulations first of all.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, everybody.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I had to go with my mother's birthday last week.
Yeah.
I looked in my Rochester.
Yes, sir.
And I went to the fingernail ages, like going downtown Vegas.
How do you like that they got the slots?
They got slots, real slots and real payouts.
I hope it's 22.
All right.
Nice going, pal.
Yeah, send some over here.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
Even in finger-laced they got the slots.
I'm not sure what slot he was looking at, but nevertheless.
Isn't that great?
He was real saw stuff this guy.
How was it finger-laced race track that they had opened?
I believe 1963.
Somewhere a boot there.
How do you like that?
And a little piece of trivia for you.
You know what that on my tombstone?
He was a finger-laced that they had opened.
Stuart Elliott was not writing there then, but nevertheless.
Hey, Stuart.
Guess what?
It's a mile and a half race.
It's not his fault.
They killed him in their race.
It just broke my heart.
I got a bit that I never played because it's kind of weak.
But I'm going to play it right now.
Poor Smarty Jones.
You know what?
Everybody loved him and he just...
Welcome to the journal grab.
You know what?
You are a black...
Black horse there.
Cosbody Jones.
You must always do a complete unknown.
A cool factory for your stand and bone.
This is Smarty Jones.
Can't believe that you shall think to your cow roast, naughty cow.
When you think of when you could, you all must fall over.
When you're not triple crown, fall on the naughty cow.
When you think you're smarty Jones.
What's up, Dr. Dirty?
28th past noon in 560 WQM when you shop for quality foodware.
A lot of shoes that was out there, a lot of plays you can buy shoes.
But Smart people keep going over and over back to Brandy's shoes and Palmito Beach
because they've got an unbeatable and unbeatable combination.
They got sales people who really know their stuff.
They give you personal service.
They know your feed inside and out.
They got fantastic unbeatable prices every day.
And all kinds of specials all the time like this week.
And they've got the top names and issue business.
Whatever you like, they got them.
They got rock ports, floor shine, SAS, sparey, timberland naturalizer, and lots more.
With that humongous selection, you can just about beg Greg Reed's life on it.
That whatever style you pick up, they got your size on a shelf ready to slap on your foot.
Brandy's is open every day, Monday through Saturday's 9 to 9, Sunday's 10 to 5.
And you'll find them in the same great spot they've been doing it right for years and years.
Prove 90 North Federal Highway and Palmito Beach.
It's always worth the trip no matter where you are.
And right now is a really great time to buy SAS this week at Brandy's
because you buy one pair at the regular price.
You get the second pair at half price. What's not the like?
Come into the store for sure this week or check them out online at Brandy's shoes.
That's what I always say with two of us is that actually there are three.
From like the two connected there in the middle, Brandy's shoes.com.
And right now is a live live in the middle of the year.
For 20 ill-fixies and healing to 2AM.
Oh, another audio selection from the Cleanson Memoirs.
More campaign in the day. God, what a pain in the butt.
I can't believe it. I'll tell you one time when people walk up to me and throw their
baby in my face, I'd like to just put it like a football.
A Cleanson Memoirs. Hey, what do you say we go get big maximum of jobs at bookstores this summer.
It's about 33 duck just to the facts mirror. Did he have you facts with us?
I came in and facts it.
We're going to add.
Man 18 plus in the mid days.
Of course this is telling him to 3PM so it includes my good personal friend even though he's politically confused.
Oh, right.
The man dog that first hour.
9.3 share in May. What I don't always love the month in May.
I don't like it.
Nice going mad doggy. Nice going hopper. Nice going mo even.
Right? Nice going in decay. Nice going everybody except...
Nice going Joe.
Rose.
Paul Krugman writes, who lost her rack?
Oh, and I'm thinking about that story about the movie.
At the theater on South Beach.
The Joe facts before.
And I'm thinking to myself maybe what happened there is when the black screen came on it was the projection is too panic and maybe he like did something.
He thought it was something.
Huh?
Maybe he tried to fast forward or something.
Yeah, exactly. Maybe he tried to like do something because he thought that the things dropped out or something.
There had to be something there.
It didn't just the print couldn't have been all screwed up.
I think the projection this should have been probably like...
Fired?
Oh, I'm just saying like drawn and quartered.
Paul Krugman writes, who lost her rack?
The formal occupation of a rack came to an igna minis end yesterday with a furtive ceremony held two days early to foil and surgeon attacks and a swift airborne exit for the chief administrator.
In reality, the Occupational continue under another name, most likely until a hostile Iraqi popperist demands that we leave, but it's already worth asking why things went so wrong.
The Iraq that you may have been doomed from the start, but we'll never know for sure because the Bush administration made such a mess of the occupation.
Future historians will view it as a case study of how not to run a country.
Up to a point, the numbers in the Brookings institutions in valuable Iraq index tell the tale.
Figures on the electricity supply and oil production show a pattern of fitful recovery and frequent reversals.
Figures on insurgent attacks and civilian casualties show a security situation that got progressively worse, not better.
Public opinion post show an occupation that squandered the initial goodwill.
What the figures don't describe is the toxic mix of ideological obsession and cronyism that lied behind that dismal performance.
The insurgency took root during the Occupations first few months when the coalition provisional authority, the CPA, seemed oddly disengaged from the problems of post-war energy.
But what was Paul Bremmer the head of the CPA focused on?
According to a Washington Post reporter who shared a flight with him last June, Bremmer discussed the need to privatize government-run factories with such fervor that his voice cut through the din of the cargo hold.
Times for privatization were eventually put on hold, but he's prepared to leave Iraq, Mr. Bremmer list, and reduced tax rates, reduced tariffs and the liberalization of forward investment laws as among his major accomplishments.
Insurgents are blowing up pipelines and police stations, guys who live sewage are erupting from the streets, and the electricity is off most of the time,
but we've given Iraq the gift of supply-side economics.
If the Occupiers often seemed oblivious to reality, one reason was that many jobs of the CPA went to people whose qualifications seemed to lie mainly in their personal and political connections, people like Simone Ladeen, whose father Michael Adin, a prominent neo-conservative,
filled a forum that the level of casualties is secondary because we are a war-like people and we love war.
Still, given Mr. Bremmer's economic focus, he might at least have expected his top aid for private sector development to be an expert on privatization and liberalization in such countries as Russia, or Argentina, but the job initially went to Thomas Foley, a Connecticut businessman and Republican fundraiser with no obviously relevant expertise.
In March, Michael flysher a New Jersey businessman took over, yes, he's a real flyshers brother.
Mr. Flaasher told the Chicago Tribune that part of his job was educating Iraqi businessman, the only paradigm they know as cronism, were teaching them that there's an alternative system with built-in sex and built-in review.
Sex and review? Yesterday, a leading British charity, Christian Aid, released a scheming report fueling suspicion on the use of Iraqi oil revenue.
It points out that the May 2003 UN Resolution, giving the CPA the right to spend that revenue, required a creation of an international oversight board which would appoint an auditor to ensure that the funds were spent to the benefit of the Iraqi people.
Instead, the US stall, then the auditor didn't begin work till April 2004, even then, according to the interim report, it faced resistance from the CPA staff, and now, with the audit still unpublished, the CPA has been dissolved.
The founders of the administration will know how to say that Christian Aid and other cities have, other critics have no proof that the out-accounted for billions were ill spent, but think of it this way.
Given the Arab world's suspicion that we came to steal Iraq's oil, the occupation authorities had every incentive to expedite an independent audit that would clear Halibut and other as corporations of charges that they were profiteering at Iraq's expense, unless that is, the charges are true.
Let's say the obvious, by making Iraq a playground for right-wing economic theorists, an employment agency for friends and family, an source of lucrative contracts for corporate donors, the administration to terrorist recruit is a very big favor.
That's Paul Krugman's taken a New York Times today, it's on our website.
Pretty depressing.
I'm surprised we have an herd of a lot more from people who saw the movie, aren't you?
Yeah.
Of course, that's not our poll question today, and if it's not on a poll, they don't really want to talk about it too often.
Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the AT&T Infraizon Wireless Line, because what would be interesting to find out if the lines are still as long, and if the viewers just still as packed now that it's been on there for a few days?
Well, I went last night to try to go to the 4, 31 at Stagras, that was sold out, 7 was sold out, and the 10 was sold out.
So, in some other ways, I'm going to try to go see it today.
Damn it. Well, I don't know, you don't have to worry about hanging out to protect Josh from whatever that guy was.
Yeah, you're right, I can go.
So, now, have you filled that out while you're sitting there on your ass trash, have you filled that thing out, and you didn't really do rock and roll with it?
No, but I will.
See, that used to be, that line of excuses came up with yesterday, they used to be the excuse of all the lazy people.
Oh, I don't want to register to vote because then they'll call me for jury duty.
No, no, it wasn't just my bad for calls of whatever party, you know, no, no, no, no, that's for his, no, what he said.
Zach?
Yep.
That's exactly what you say.
I said for jury duty and the calls that you get.
Vote for this person, Bapapai.
You have caller ID?
I do.
See, the jury duty thing, and it took a caller, that's my bad, I should remember that they changed that some time ago.
A couple of years ago, now it's your driver's license because that was the excuse a lot of people were using.
Oh, we don't want to be called for jury duty and if you register to vote they use it, well they don't use it no more.
And it sounds to me, I could be wrong, but it sounds to me like you're still a little bit reluctant.
Now, how am I going to do it?
I'm just like that, that guy, I mean, you talk about lazy, you talk about service, this guy brought it right to you and put it in your hand and the materials too.
Put it right there in your hand.
All you have to do is fill it out, mail it in, you'll get your voter registration card, you'll be like a meant, you'll be like a real person.
You'll have a voter registration card in your wallet.
A lot of it was, whatever else you got in there.
You don't want to know.
I'm sure, probably you're all rotted out by now anyway.
And yet you sound a little bit, I don't know, like you're making excuses, well I don't want to get soliciting calls to get your,
well just tell me you're a schlepper, you don't have any money, okay, that's all, just don't answer the phone.
20 to 1 at 560 WQM, so many lazy people in so little time.
It's summertime days are getting longer, in fact this is perfect for lazy people talking about data mattress because this is one area where it's smart to be lazy.
I mean it's 140 degrees in the shade as human as hell, who now wants to run out to those bedding and department stores now when you can sit there on your lazy ass and make that one easy call like I've always done and even the other people at QM are doing out.
Just call 1-800-Mafras like millions of people have been doing 1-800-MAT-TRES for the lowest price on the best brands in bedding.
It's the easiest possible way to buy your mattress.
You're going to save a lot of time, tons of money and improve your productivity and brighten your disposition because you're going to get a great night sleep every night for years to come.
The Out of mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local torts of excellence award.
When you call 1-800-Mafras you'll get the best prices on the best brands.
With a delivery on your schedule you pick that 2-hour window and a show up and the best customer service in the business.
And whatever brand is your favorite, Dalai Macris has got it, the top name is CD, SIRTA, KING COREL, SIMMINS, TEMPER PETIC, EVEN, STURENS, AND VINANIS FOSTER.
From Chemical Store, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalai Macris will deliver to you the finest bedding going anywhere.
Everybody like I said, a QM is doing it and you should be doing it too.
Log on to their website. You can even order it right on there, macris.com or give them a call toll free right now.
They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all. 1-800-Mafras 1-800-MATTRES.
Get mine and local. This is for free of ICD.
You and me.
You want it more and you got it. The best organs back seeing the four due ends are the end of sync.
Volume 2.
Old number 8 is back staring off with the drake singing more thinking, which even more big stars.
The mad dog does them all.
A man!
A dragon!
A dragon!
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing the flag of man.
A dragon!
The truth is finally out that G-Mandage was truly the fifth people.
The god is in it alive and he's getting in the mud.
Hey!
Everyone loves the land.
The path of the sea is now your head to stay.
You always can be saved, you're the only one.
The mad dog is a dragon!
Here's the mad dog's ender and touching tribute to the king.
He's the same.
A dragon!
He's the same.
He's the same.
A dragon!
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so.
So we had whoop the bridesmaid a little whistled and tell him either his brains or his signature would wipe up on the contract.
That's some of the fifths' cute.
All right!
All right!
All right!
And it's sick.
But we do.
A little bow.
If you move quickly.
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
What is that man trying to say?
Oh right!
That's what I thought it was.
1246.
I'm looking here at Paul and award-run.
I thought I wanted to pick on them.
Do I?
Here.
Liars.
I'm taking a look at this and what's their name again?
Stick and lick.
Let's see guys say they're on Zeta now.
I'm sorry.
Lexan Terry.
Stick and Nick.
They did better on Zeta.
In fact, the numbers on Zeta are going up now that Paul and Old Rambunov there.
In fact, they went from a three-five and went and booked up to a four and they stayed at a four-five.
And his last trend was Lexan Luke and Luther from Jacksonville doing redneck psychic readings.
And in the meantime, big!
Oh man!
Of course, Stern was off.
But we understand that.
They went from a three-nine to a three-three and I got out of a two-nine.
He was Paul and Old Rambunov on the last two months.
So they continued dropping like a rocks.
In other words, Zeta beat the pants off of them, even with them taking their stale, sorry, as unoriginal old actor over there.
How do you like that?
It's perfect.
I will never read about that in Glenn Garvey's column or Howard Cohen's column or Tom Maybe Times-Yukamai McGriffin's suit.
But if you make up another letter to the Sunday book, TV book about that, that is amazing.
Anyway, Peter Bergen writes, and I was just longer what?
I don't want to do a lot of reading because I know it gets very irritated.
Oh, it's okay.
And then I go in until Robert Tomorrow.
Oh, he was read all that left-wing comedy pinko stuff.
Of course, you're comedy lay... I don't understand how you and Robert work together.
Oh, you got to put opposites together.
Is that what it is? Opposites attract?
Of course.
I see.
Anyway, Peter Bergen writes, present and Bush has made 2003 announcement aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln
at major combat operations that ended in Iraq has been replayed endlessly.
What is less well remembered is just what the President claimed the United States had accomplished.
The Battle of Iraq has won for three and a more on-terror that began on September 11, 2001.
He declared that the feat of Saddam Hussein, he told American people, was a crucial advance in the campaign against terror.
In fact, the consensus now emerging among a wide range of intelligence and counter-terrorism professionals is
that the opposite is true.
The invasion of Iraq totally failed to help the war on terrorism, but it represented a substantial setback.
In more than a dozen interviews, experts both within and outside the U.S. government laid out a stark analysis
of how the war has hampered the campaign against El Qaeda.
Not only they pointed out that the war divert resources and attention away from Afghanistan,
seriously damaging the prospects of capturing al-Qaeda leaders, but it has also opened a new front for terrorists
in Iraq and created a new justification for attacking Westerners around the world.
Perhaps most important, it's dramatically speeded up the process by which El Qaeda, the organization, has morphed into a broad-based ideological movement
a shift in effect from bin Laden to bin Ladenism.
If Osama believed in Christmas, this is what he'd want under his Christmas tree, one senior intelligence official told me.
Another counter-terrorism officials suggest that a rep might begin to resemble Afghanistan in 1996,
a reference to the year that bin Laden seized on Afghanistan, a chaotic failed state, as his new base of operations.
Even Kenneth Pollock, one of the nations leading experts on Iraq, who's booked the threatening storm,
the case for invading Iraq made the most authority case for overthrowing Saddam Hussein, says,
my instinct tells me that the Iraq war has hindered the war in terrorism.
You had to deal with El Qaeda first, not Saddam, we had not crippled the El Qaeda organization when we embarked on the Iraq war.
The damage to U.S. interests is hard to overestimate.
Rohana Guanarathas, Sri Lankan, the academic, who's regarded as one of the world's leading authorities on El Qaeda,
points out that sadness and anger about Iraq, even among moderate Muslims, is being harnessed and exploited by terrorists and extremist groups worldwide to grow in strength, size, and influence.
Similarly, Vincent Canastero, former chief of counter-terrorism at the CIA under President Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush, says the Iraqi war accelerated terrorizing by a metastasizing al Qaeda.
Today al Qaeda is more than the narrowly defined group that attacked the U.S. on September 11, 2001.
It is a growing global movement that's been energized by the war in Iraq.
Nice going, W. You idiot, you goofball.
I'm isn't this exactly one of the things that Michael Moore pointed out in the movie, 11,000 troops in Afghanistan.
We should have 150,000 troops there, not in Iraq, if we're really serious about capturing Osama Yaman and all those other...
It really kind of makes you wonder if we're really all that serious about getting them, you know?
You have to wonder what kind of conversation he was having with Bandar Bush there on September 13, 2001, as Bandar was adricking his fine wines and smoking his big fat stodies out in the balcony at the White House.
I actually wonder what was being discussed.
You know, one of the light moments in a movie when the Taliban were visiting Crawford, Texas, in the spring of 2001 for that pipeline deal.
And a woman was bitching at the Taliban represented.
A woman, I don't know how to help you about it in there, but she had some kind of a smot that she put like pretend she had a berk and she covered her head with it and says,
this is what you do to your women, shame on you.
And he said, they made some kind of crack about boy, I sure I hate to be your husband, I have to put up a U-Rack.
And that was a music, an old-tempered audience, snickered.
There's a few laughs in there, so they even have two solid hours of consternation and constipation.
It's heavy, but there's a few good chuckles in it.
And hopefully we got some other people who saw it.
567056, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WBQA, and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
It's good to talk to you.
I've been a long time listener, I'm up here in Canterbury.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Well, yeah, I remember the good old days on the WFU end.
But anyhow, I wanted to report to you, I've been listening to the last few days.
I saw the movie Sunday night.
Right.
And the theater, it was packed, it was so loud.
You know, these red necks up here.
Yeah.
It was a big turnout, considering.
And everybody clapped at the end of the movie.
I mean, it got a pretty well received.
And we even went with a friend of ours who calls herself a Republican, although she doesn't vote.
Well, the last part is good.
Yeah.
Well, and I mean, she walked out of their wide eye.
And especially, you know, I think more ends it pretty well with that mother whose child had died over there.
And that scene where that rabbit right here comes up to her and calls her a shell.
So she's faking it off.
That packs a punch, you know, to a lot of people.
I wish you had given her a punch right in the mouth.
Well, you know, I kind of thought so.
I'm like, that was coming.
But, you know, the woman had class and restrained.
And that movie, it's just relinquished with the way it troubles you with the facts.
And I don't see it as playing facts and loose with the truth.
I mean, it's...
No, I should mention, I'm better reminded me.
I want to mention, again, for anybody who must have been able to show up, you go to our website at thenewarudges.com.
There is the thing from the Michael Moore website where he responds to a Michael Lizzicop.
At Newsweek, we put a bunch of crap in the magazine this week.
He responds point by point, laser right out there for you.
And there are no questions to be left.
Yeah, and it is true that Wilbur with sucks on his call.
It wasn't that beautiful.
What a classy guy, man.
Have a great day, pal.
Good luck in Tampa, you'll need it.
But you like that, you're packing it in Tampa.
That was what that article said the other day, one of the hundred that I read about.
Even in Yahoo places like Chattanooga and in the fate of the Lord of Carolina and all these other places.
They're packing them in.
So you try to go three different times, you try to get tickets for them, you couldn't get in.
Yeah, it couldn't go at all yesterday, three different showings.
Well, I want to apologize because for last week I was bitching out those people and bowed her.
I said, well, it's only shown to three theaters here, you're right.
How come it's not shown at the 15 theaters there?
It should be at everyone.
Right.
When it's shown at five theaters in Palm Beach County, Illinois and three in the freaking...
Where are we?
There's something really rotten in Denmark, okay?
Let's be the goyum had something to do with that.
But in any rate, you know, if it's that packed, if it continues being that packed, it'll be around a while.
It'll stay over a few weeks, right?
Yeah, definitely.
Because I'm going to go in, I don't know which day, but I'm going to go see it again.
Because the first time I went just to absorb it, just to see it absorb it, appreciate it.
And now the next time I'm going to have to go and be kind of like homework, you know what I mean?
Take notes.
Yeah, well, I'd really take notes actually, but like take mental notes and different things, you know, talking points, whatever the hell.
And anyway, WQA and hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm my colleague WQA.
Yes, ma'am. We're speaking Neil.
Okay, great. Hi, Neil. How are you?
Good.
I'm a mom in Western.
Right.
And it was pretty up step to all the movie over the weekend.
It was the past thousandth grad.
The thing that I think of, Sydney the most, was the recruitment situation.
And how they tried to target for kids that don't really have very many alternatives.
And I do want to tell you that it's very true because my son is going to be a senior in high school this year.
And the day after he finished the 11th grade, he got a phone call from the Marine Corps.
Why didn't he speak to him?
Why didn't you recruit him?
I'm high school, telling me all the benefits of joining the Marine.
And he asked me how I felt about it.
And this is way before the movie started.
And I said, I'm totally against it.
I've never called this house again.
He does meet your money.
They try to focus on all the money that we're going to give you by joining the military.
And all the benefits of not having to go on the front lines, et cetera, et cetera.
Like I believe what they say anyway.
Yeah.
And it's just unbelievable how they get away with this.
I can't imagine that Bush could ever get reelected. That's my opinion.
Yeah, hard to believe.
Mary.
Okay, hang in there.
Keep up to good work.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, over her dead body is basically what she's trying to say.
That's when they're going to get her son.
And of course, you noticed Michael Morrison, Tom Flynn, Michigan, what they said probably
the real number because so many people have put a given up looking for a job.
50% unemployment?
50%.
That's terrible.
Didn't they say it was more than that now?
No, 50%.
I mean, the actual stat, I think, was like 25 or 30 something like that.
But if you factor in the number of people who have given up looking for a job, 50%.
And just allow your form there, Joshua Lacks.
But I don't think you're ever going to be the same.
It's like we pressured you into leaving the fantasy world, whatever world that might be.
And like just putting one till into the real world.
There's no pressure.
I'm just not doing it right now.
Yeah.
There is a lot of pressure.
Okay.
It's coming right from here.
Okay.
By long distance, but nevertheless, we need every single, we can't afford after the crap they
pull last time around.
I'm going to be leaning real heavy on some people I know there that I'll be there in November.
And election goes on.
I'm voting at least 20, 30 times.
30, man.
One quick thing before the break.
Did I put this, I think I put it on our website.
Bushes and Trouble will have been loud and veiled them out from the Fredersburg Virginia
freelance start.
I think I did.
But it shows, this was from townpain.com.
I was trying to remember the other day.
In fact, for a long time, I've been trying to remember when this first thing came out.
And then it was in the New York Times.
It's a picture of Osama pointing.
I want you to invade Iraq.
It says, as Egypt proper was brilliant as commentary on the probable effects of an
evacuation.
And we have bushed it exactly what he wanted.
There was Osama pointing.
I want you to invade Iraq from townpain.com.
And show enough.
And look out.
It will train your feisty people.
And we have...
Hello.
This is Giloriz.
And you know, what would be missed in the early in junior ages of 12?
I think you do.
I'm talking about the motorway David's house.
I want he in here yet.
He's making.
Finally, I have the show of the myself.
Look, the microphone.
And this button here.
The mines, they play baseball.
What did I hear this?
That's right out of my chair, giggles.
I was out the hall, you see.
And I saw that little beast out there.
And I glazed it in his face.
I don't think it can say that.
Ah, not that way.
With spittle.
You spin in his head.
Yeah, like this.
Oh, what?
What did you do?
I thought I could.
That's why.
I can't.
I'm talking about I can do.
But you're a nasty, silly, silly, cute.
And I won't take more responsibility.
Don't bother me.
So I'll take care.
Now you're an expert.
Oh, I can be mean.
What did you do?
Wow, it's what that's all about, you.
Why you sleeping little puppy?
What the hell do you know?
It's because of you I guess I'm not allowed to show.
Recreate those.
And that's what I call great.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm a bummer like you.
Oh, take me, rest it down.
I know I got no further than yours.
I know what you're saying.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
103 at 560 W.
If you're a motorplace, maybe we're kicking ass.
We're killing him.
Don't ask us how we're just doing it.
US Supreme Court, you're gonna like this story, Zach.
Well, I mean, it's not, it's a little stepping right direction.
I'm not gonna say Joshua like it because he's busy phone out that form right now.
Yeah, he is.
Is he?
Yes.
No, he's not.
I don't like.
US Supreme Court, the medical marijuana case, thanks to everybody's probably doing this
full out in another form for the ticket defense team for as late as whatever, 80 in a 15.
That's what he's doing.
The Supreme Court saying yesterday it will consider whether sick people who smoke pot on a doctor's
order are subject to a federal ban on marriage or whiny.
How do you like that?
There are another example of how some countries I don't want to mention any in particular are
like moving forward some and other countries are going back into the dark area.
Some of the US, the US Supreme Court, marijuana, the US Supreme Court, marijuana, the US Supreme Court, marijuana, the Court agreed to hear the Bush administration's appeal of a case at law sliced
you're involving two California women who say marijuana is the only drug that helps alleviate their chronic pain and other medical problems.
The high court will hear the case sometime next winter.
It was among eight new cases the court added to Wisconsin for the coming term.
The current term is expected to win this week.
The marijuana case came to the Supreme Court after the San Francisco-based 90 West Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in December that a federal law outlawing marijuana doesn't apply to California patients whose doctors have prescribed the drug.
It's to the one decision you feel is court said prosecuting medical marijuana uses under the federal control substance exec is unconstitutional.
It is unconstitutional if the marijuana is not sold transported to Christaid lines or used for non-medicinal purposes.
I mean the idea that people are going to have to suffer they're going to hear the case in a winter sometime next winter.
Well people are in pain suffering because the US wants to continue being in the stone age not the stone age but the stone age.
It's like a deal in California where they passed a law they passed their own law there in California and the DEA when they're in the rest of them and try to put that one guy in jail for life.
Judge finally threw out the uh huh it's crazy.
Judge Harry Priegerson wrote the appeals court majority that smoking pot in the advice of a doctor is different in time from drug trafficking.
The court added that this limited use is clearly a state from the broader illicit drug market that wicked weed.
And it's appeal that the justice is the government argue that state laws making exceptions for medical marijuana are trumped by federal drug laws.
Yeah right.
See when it's convenient for them these right winners talk about states rights when it's convenient when they want to let take away the right to vote for all you dark folks things like that states rights.
But when it's not convenient while federal law or Trump state rights any day okay I'm just going to be messing with the DEA.
And speaking of the Supreme Court see people said this last time and nobody paid any attention.
I'm all they're going to say it once.
November's winner could appoint three Supreme Court justices.
Don't we have a different candidate can we like Harry place Carrie this week I mean you know that was fun it was okay made a lot of jokes about him.
But now we're going to have like a real serious candidate.
What are they going to do that?
I don't know at the convention maybe.
Maybe this is just a bait and swit to all them into a false sense of security and then they'll put a real candidate a lie person in there and the first call show like 30 points ahead.
But third man there hasn't been a new appointment to the US Supreme Court in almost 10 years the longest the court has ever gone without change.
But guess what boys and girls change is coming just like seat boats as a common remember that's all.
Yep seat boats.
Change is coming if you care about the future of this country you will cast your presidential vote as November release Supreme Court above all of the things in mind because US Supreme Court Chief Justice William Renquist is a daughtering old fart 79 years old.
A real fascist that the very ever has been one is been on the court for 32 years.
Associate Justice John Paul Stevens is 84 he's been on the court for 29 years.
Associate Justice San Radio Connor that bitches 74 she's been on the court for 23 excruciating years although once in a while she has a I lose at moment but very rarely.
Supreme Court justice is our of course appointed for life it is not unusual for justice to serve 20 or.
Years or more witness of the examples above it says as life expectancy increases the tenure of justice is likely increases well parents token Thomas was confirmed as a justice of the age of just 43.
It says don't be surprised if your remains on the court for 40 years or more.
So the new whoever wins in November could be in office to appoint three new judges on the Supreme Court.
So if all you women out there want to lose your right to choose if you want to be forced to have a baby that you don't want if you want to have the government sticking their nose into your vagina well by all means then vote for Bush.
Not to mention all the other issues that the Supreme Court decides all the time and you people if you're real happy about the fact that as a matter of fact keep in mind that now flush with this tremendous latest victory on the indecency bill in the Senate that passed 99 to one and only John
bro of Louisiana who's going to term ends this year anyway who's a lame duck only he voted against it fresh with that ammunition now the people like Sam Brown back in the other Nazis there you know that they're not going to stop until you have the power to control what's on cable and what's on satellite radio and television.
And so all your people are paying for cable now you can watch you can watch instead of the surprise you can watch very poppins and lastly and baby come home and the 700 club.
And all those shows from packs network.
So just keep those things in mind okay just miss him in passing 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQM hello.
Leo what's up are you doing?
Yes sir.
I want to take a movie on Sunday the one part of the movie that brought chills down to my spine was when you saw George Bush and his brother Jeff in the foot in their plane and George
look directly at the camera says I'm going to take Florida.
Oh yeah.
And like he like his brother was just smiling to like yeah he like like they had like they already had a plan.
Yeah they both had a twin even grin on their face right?
Yeah so um so is the reason why I think uh Paul I think uh reason why Kerry and Bush are like almost five.
The fact is I not so many people know what Kerry's about yet.
I think it's because the fact that he's not out talking out you know I hope to God that you know when the election gets closer you'll be more animated more you know.
Well out there so people could see what you know what his views are and what he's going to be standing on for like my wife.
My wife hates Bush but she says that she doesn't know nothing about Kerry to vote for him.
And um I told her that if I could you know will she go see uh in front of him and she says she will and I'm planning to take it to tonight.
Please.
I will.
Okay good job Pally.
Alright.
Thanks.
Well let's say here's one that says congratulations on kicking to uh I'm continuing to kick tail with your ratings.
Kick ass.
Here's a Schmoldgrip Inspire Report.
It says my don't you know who I am herself was seen discussing hot dogs on the Atlanta Braves post game show needless to say it took me only a few seconds to start feeling you and change the channel after seeing that which on TV.
Since you doing ratings today could you mention then what does this say?
Sire I can't read that.
Silio oh Dan Silio.
Silio me ratings please the silly one has been spotting off that he's the most listen to radio sportscaster in Florida.
Maybe he's got 50 different stations in Florida and he's adding them all together.
That must be it.
It's probably the whole thing.
Also what song is the bit the phone line said to what what does that mean?
What is that?
I don't know what Trevor I know what you're talking about Trevor.
P.S. could you put the summer schedule on your website?
I missed yesterday show because I thought it was Jorge going to be on.
That's a little shot at George there but that's a really good idea we ought to put the summer schedule on there Eric.
That would be a real good idea starting next Monday.
George is on Monday Wednesday and Friday.
I'm on Tuesday and Thursday through like I tell about August 26th and whatever that is in the August.
And it's just fine you know.
Or we're fine.
So let's see Dan Silio now what time is he on you ought to know.
I think he's on during Howard's hour.
Five days.
But we don't get hour by hour as you know as we only do like mornings.
Yeah he's on the evening morning because this is just a trend out of complete book.
If I can ever find a boy this is a mess.
I'm so sorry that Trevor that you asked me that.
Let's see 6 to 10 a.m.
Now we want to see men right because sports shows it's all it's a men thing is a guy thing.
Yes.
Not good enough people to play slot machines crap like that.
So guys thing real guys real men.
Guys who are like Republicans like mad dog.
Let's see many team plus a mole and a guilty and Joe they got the 6 to 10 a.m.
A 4 6 to number five moving on up like the Jefferson's man moving on up.
Now what is he on is he on Fox.
Yes.
And that on the second page certainly not on the first page I just mentioned it in passing many team plus.
I'm looking on the third page for WRFX.
I don't see it on the third page.
Holy cow.
Let's turn to page to the fourth phrase.
Oh look at that he's moving it up baby in winter book that had a 0.5 in February, March and April the head a 0.6.
And now with Dan Cillio board they got a 0.8.
They're number 27 out of 33 listed.
That's not bad.
Yeah they're moving on up baby.
And let's see what's that other group called Carl bananas foster.
Yeah.
I mentioned that stays not even in here.
In fact I'll also bet you how much of Greg we's life on it right now.
Or look at that WFT Ellis on here though.
In the morning many team plus now who the hell is that that's 850 who's on the morning with her do we know.
No no clue.
For the first time they actually made some inroads in there they actually showed up in the book.
But I'll bet you that Bill O'Royley I bet you he ain't on there because uh well see I'll pour through it.
So like I said thanks for asking me a little bit don't do it again.
13 at 560 WTQ have nobody wants to think about cancer heart disease as far as your own body is concerned.
But yo if yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health you can never be positive.
It's a proof in fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment but you have to detect it early.
Tollywood Diagnostic Center can help you do that.
They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy which is a lot less intrusive than the traditional method by the way.
The coronary heart score we can full body screening exams that are just like a virtual trip right through your body.
They can detect cancer of the life-threatening diseases in their early stages.
Doctors before it was needed.
I was there a few weeks ago it's like a miracle.
It doesn't take a lot of time just a few minutes out of your time.
You don't even have to be fully naked which in my case is a bonus.
For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600
for the test there really can be a life saver in order to get you to get your clean bill of health like I got.
It can give you tremendous peace of mind too.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center they are for your state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI,
high speed CAT scan nuclear medicine and much much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center they've been serving in the community for over 20 years.
And their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
For example if you fall and break a leg, something like that.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600 for those imaging exams today.
It could be like I said before a life-saving call.
954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
I'm going to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954-966-3600.
You know what people like to give me things?
Like to see a Pepsi twist.
A twist on a great thing.
Oh, no!
Every kids begins with kids.
Right?
I don't get the whole big thing, chicken wings.
I may still go to college.
I got some of the other way here to check this one.
An unnamed school that's nestled in the bluegrass area.
That's the opposite of 10 miles of parmits.
Of 10 house care.
And a lifetime subscription to a brand-new brand.
I think they're offering like a theme package deal.
Here's none of the institutions in the heart of the Chapel Hill area,
which will go unnamed.
If they be honored to have me, they have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman,
direct from Russia, which I keep from my old boy, right?
I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking and screaming and whatnot.
I have my boy Tyra here, puts it in a garage with my box of cougarans
from an unnamed university closely associated with a Wolverine.
You better set out in front of me.
Your body is spilling over.
Anyway, I'm going to get back to class now with my boys.
No, no, no, we gotta go, we gotta go.
I already missed like three months so far.
Oh snap, I just spilled my Pepsi 20s on my new Hugo Boss suit.
Look at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on it.
Oh, by the way, come on up, buddy.
It was a big match.
We're for a limited time.
You visit one part two, sped him and down with somebody.
Big man, you can know for 35 cents.
He's a blind man! He's a blind man! He's a blind man!
He's a blind man! He's a blind man!
He's a peace out.
He's a preceding assistant paid for by Foot Locker
and on the university in the nutmeg state,
and Jeff Comedy Jam.
Twenty after one in five, sixty, ninety-fifthium,
he'd be something else, doing.
How does a Larry?
I thought it was real.
Did you really?
Knowing with Ron James, yeah, probably.
Israel? Israel.
I wonder, we ought to do a poll on that one day.
Who's the biggest celebrity horror of all time?
We'll just hocks everything on TV and everywhere you see.
LeBron, Tiger.
Yeah.
There's no top two.
How many Danny Boys in there?
Oh, yeah, he's in there.
Danny is in here, oh, I think more of a South Florida kind of with him.
But Danny Boys, he's available.
What about Isotone or Gloves?
Like I said, Danny Boys, maybe we'll do that tomorrow.
Anyway, here's some bad news.
Army Recall former military members.
Don't tell me that they're lying again.
The Army is prepared to notify about 5,600 retired and discharged soldiers
who are not members of the National Guard or reserve,
that they will be involuntarily be called a active duty for possible service in Iraq, Afghanistan.
The Army said two days.
Are you following that?
Yep.
These are retired and were discharged soldiers who are not members of the Guard of Reserve.
But guess what?
I thought you were out while we'd put you back in, just like Michael Corleone.
Just when you thought you were out, we'd put you back in.
It marks the first time the Army is called on the individual ready reserve
as this category of reserve is known in substantial numbers since 1991-Gal 4.
But of course, keeping in mind that yesterday we had the handover.
We thought that they were going to start like taking care of everything.
You know, it's kind of like Vietnamization, like they talked during the Vietnam War.
Yeah, sure.
Right.
They admit the move reflects the continued shortage of troops available to Rumsfeld,
the fight the ongoing war on terrorism as well as Operation Iraqi Freedom,
Lieutenant General Frank Hagenback, the Army's deputy chief and staffer personnel
said earlier this month of the Army's troops.
Frank, we are stressed, but we have what we need.
Pentagon officials of Echo bet that this statement explaining that while the military is reaching deep in which resources,
war planners have long had contingency plans such as this for when troops are really needed,
as in right now, as in this moment.
Too bad we didn't send thousands of these people into Afghanistan when a time would have been right.
Now we understand whether we're chasing all those guys around in the parking lots in Flint in the movie Josh.
Yeah, that was almost embarrassing.
I mean, it's a young guy like 16, 17, 18 and they just go flying.
Flying, perfect, grand by the neck.
Hey, American Consul San is looking for you, man.
Your company needs you.
And they got all the BS and over going to train you in this and training you how to do their old jack-in-a-box routine, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I tell you, that's just going to task you if we'll give you a free casket.
We just don't want the public seeing it when it comes back.
By the way, I just checked in.
Here are some exciting news.
I hope that Tom, Jekka and Glenn Garvin, all the other South Florida radio and TV and whatever mayven they happen to be or claim to be.
I hope you're listening right now.
Bill O'Reilly, this almost deserves a drum roll, okay?
I'm going to do it because it's so exciting.
So the first time ever, since we've seen you on South Florida radio, they rush in ball-walking.
You can go on now, back to the ball-walk.
Yeah.
Bill O'Reilly finally broke the bank.
He finally showed up in the Arbatron for South Florida.
Wow, that's the good news for him.
The bad news is the number from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
I guess he's on the same time as rush noon to 3 somewhere in there.
They had a 0.2, okay?
Dead last, but nevertheless it's on there.
Their number 800, then, a 0.2.
Isn't that amazing that somebody would all the, you know, the Fox News never working all the books that have been written about him and all the attention he gets.
He's got a 0.2 in the market.
Is that good?
Yeah, that's great.
That means the two rooms where you guys are sitting there right now.
Yep.
You can have his whole audience in there and have room for an orgy for, you know, some serious people coming in there.
You can have room for the Chinese army left over.
You can have room for fat boys and go in there.
We're just saying a lot.
Although it's accident in there, like I said.
Yeah, it's not much from left.
A 0.2.
So congratulations, Bill O'Reilly.
I'll spend all the time.
All B.S.
All full crap.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Just a couple things.
I went to the new fund.org house party last night.
Right.
And they had, I haven't ever seen you this morning.
I haven't had so much in calls.
But one of the things they did is, you know, Michael Moore addressed those after words.
It was like a conference call.
And one of the things he said was that although he voted for Nader last time,
he is spoken with Nader and asked him not to run.
And just for FYI.
And the part's been good.
But the other thing I wanted to add was, I occasionally jump over to the conservative shows.
Just to listen to what I got.
The spin they put on it.
Yeah, I'll spin all day.
I know.
You're just, so yesterday this was a cracky happy.
He admitted that he went to see the movie, Sarah Height 9, 11 last week and with his wife.
But he didn't want to give Michael Moore any money for his ticket.
So what he did is he bought a ticket for white check for whatever the other movie was.
And then he went to the theater and he was urging all his audience to go see the movie,
but to not buy ticket for him.
Which of course is illegal and unethical, but just like his pill-popping mentor,
he got to get it with the facts.
And they're always, always right-wingers, always pointing everybody else's criminal and everybody else's
would be generous in it.
But at the meantime, when it comes to them playing fast and loose with the law,
they make it up as they go along.
I found that amazing.
It was urging the audience to buy tickets to different movies and then go up into the 9, 11.
So the movie impacted a lot better than what they're saying.
And it's going to do a lot better because they should do it like a one of those spin things
that you have to rock for something.
Yeah, right.
And so, I see the towel.
How many people are going?
Because these people are just sneaking in the theater basically.
Well, you'll be pleased to know I'm just looking at these new ratings that came out.
And Mr. Schmidt, my stereotype from number one in the winter book to number six in the next trend,
and now down the number time for 5 for the 3.9, his number is dropping like a rock.
That's wonderful.
Okay.
That's everything. Thanks a lot.
Bye.
See you. How do you like that?
Well, it comes to being fair and balanced and ethical and holier than now,
and becoming better than everybody else and topping a whole bunch of Aussies.
That's us. That's the right wing.
Man, WI would be in the afternoon in men, 5, 7, to a 4, 3, and now in this one down to 3, 9.
Dropping and dropping and dropping.
So maybe the fact that they spin it all and they talk a lot of crap,
maybe people are getting tired of that, or maybe some people to the left of it till the behind,
find they got some diarrhea by the time.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 W at QAM with the heat of summer here right now.
And man, you talk about heat.
I'm here in in soft photos about 147 degrees in the shade.
Now it's a great time to get out of that car.
You've been driving, get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
You're finding them on US 1 just 20 minutes off of the A36 and well worth your drive
because they're going to save you literally thousands of great new Toyota's.
And with rising gas prices, maybe you'd like to get a car with more fuel economy.
The Legend of A Toyota Corolla can be yours for just $11,990 or lease it for just $209 a month.
Need a great Toyota for that college or high school grant?
How about the Toyota Echo, these prices just $199?
Need a truck to be a 600 or a Thunder regular cab can be lease for just $239 a month.
Like I said, looking for the hottest new cars around,
check out the Corolla XRS and Solarir convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
They're family-owned and operated.
They're wonderful folks to do business with.
They're service to companies in open late to late weeknights to make sure they get all your service work done for you.
And Armstrong Toyota Homestead was the first dealer to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
And now they're the first to offer free replacement parts for life.
That's correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else know where is be doing that.
So instead of wasting time and gas travel to the big mega dealers who shout and scream and get you to their dealership or their false premises.
Promises, premises?
In other words, wildlife crazy.
Get yourself over to Armstrong Toyota Homestead today for an unbeatable deal.
See David Rich the GM there and say a ton of cash on the green new Toyota today only at Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
The biggest sports radio 5CC UAM.
If I have any talent, I can just have 560 WUAM.
I tell you nothing.
Have it your way.
I hate to resort to torture but you leave me no alternative.
Hold him down and put the phone up till his ear.
No, no, anything but that's please.
You have reached great maintenance HMO.
To be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down.
Press one.
No please.
To be transferred on someone who will tell you your prescription is not covered.
Press two.
This isn't you want to talk to someone who will automatically deny your claim.
Press three.
You are violating the city of the Vincent.
To make your record with a great Satan HMO representative who will make you repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you.
Press four.
Abu Garret, 27.02 man dog.
It's through the hopper at four.
Briefly and then we got the Crow of five, 30.
Gets you to ride a little for baseball.
I wonder what that's all about.
Maybe the Hanks got an early engagement.
Possibly.
Maybe we've got a couple of feedings.
Oh, speaking of feedings, another great part in Fahrenheit 9-11 is the cookie eating terrorist in San Diego.
Remember that, how the FBI infiltrated their organization?
No.
Yeah, the anti-war pacifist organization who sat around and they used to go on and do a lot about a dozen of these people.
And they would sat on three corners in a piece that make love not word that kind of group.
And the FBI infiltrated their group and sent somebody in there to check out the terrorist activities of this chocolate chip cookie eating a group.
You don't remember that?
I don't.
I think Josh saw a different movie.
I think Josh was watching when the screen went black and never came back on again.
You don't remember that?
No, I don't.
Or the guy who they came to his house and they checked because of the books he was reading at the library,
which is a secret of the next door I'm going to do here.
I guess you must have gone out to take a leak during that part, right?
Yeah.
Would you like to take a second?
Anyway, Helen Missouri writes in defense of the right to read about fear of persecution.
What a concept.
Now that they hold those freedoms in Iraq and actually have a talk radio show with a neg where they can fart on the radio.
Isn't that nice?
And I would imagine doing a lot of that these days, wouldn't you?
Oh, yeah.
All this erosion of privacy rights has me on edge, Helen Wright.
Now with standing a first person commentary in the Sunday newspaper, I generally am more disposed to take an information that I provided.
It's this orientation that's made me nervous.
Like any responsible journalist, I try to do my research.
An anticipation last Friday's release of documentary filmmaker Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11,
a sweeping liberal indictment of the Bush administration and its war in Iraq, I started reading.
I bought some news magazines.
I surfed the web.
I looked over the current notification or nonfiction block boxes by Richard Clark and Bob Woodward.
I rented Moore's 2001 anti-gun documentary, Bowling for Columbine.
And I borrowed several items from the library, including some videotapes on the history of Islam and some documentaries about 9-11 and it'll some have been long.
For several nights, I made tea.
I come and dear the remote and settled in for some inspiration.
It never occurred to me that I was doing anything suspect, indeed committing anything other than reasonable journalism,
until a friend joke that I shouldn't be surprised to find my name on somebody's list.
A list?
I could be on somebody's list?
Unfortunately, my friend was not referring to a list kept by say Antonio Banderer, so the Pulitzer Prize Committee,
he met an intelligent list, a Eugene McCarthy type, FBI or CIA persons of interest type list.
For perhaps my friend suggested, revealing an interest in national bestseller's ancient battles of the Ottoman Empire could make me interesting to bureaucrats,
the implication was that my quest for information could potentially cause trouble for me.
Using this logic, my friend and I ascertain that the best way to stay out of this trouble would remain uninteresting to those who have the power to incandesate me,
would be to avoid seeking knowledge about a particular subject, in other words, to remain ignorant.
Could that really be the American way?
Oh, and speaking of that, the American way, it would be pleased to know I did a little bit of work, not too much.
Let's see what the hell is there.
We did this.
That's the American way.
In a good, very good.
That's the American way.
Anyway, she says, is ignorance the new patriotism?
These stepped up infringements on privacy were kickstarted in the frenzy of national solidarity and vulnerability with the US Patriot Act,
passed by Congress month after 9-11.
In part, the act allows intelligence agencies to secret access to library checkout and bookstore records,
and it prohibits those bodies from loading patrons or their lawyers.
It chills the seeking of information, lawyer and bookshop Santa Cruz Vice President Ryan Chkunerdy says,
the government can request these records through a secret court that doesn't allow the bookstore to tell anybody about it or fight it.
The Santa Cruz City County Library's policy is to shred checkout records once the borrowers return the materials,
a library they're told need but commercial establishments such as bookstore and other vendors cannot provide that security,
is maintaining transaction sales records are necessary accounts for a business to keep, it affects the freedom to read Kunerdy says.
In 1989, when the Iranian Ayatollah, Khomeini issued a fat wall or death order against novelist Salman Rushdie for his fanciful portrayal of the Muslim Prophet Muhammad of the Satanic Versus,
some large outlets that carried a book were vandalized, in response to the stories pulled the book from their shelves.
I remember interviewing the owner of a small independent bookstore in Merlboro, Massachusetts, a man who would serve as a soldier in WDW2,
he told me quite unequivocally that he'd put his life on the line to defend such rights as the freedom of speech,
and he wouldn't be cow'd years later by those who would threaten those rights with violence,
she says now that's the kind of paper that I can get behind.
Pretty amazing, like I said, if you're one of those anti-war piece of the kind of groups and you're sitting around eating chocolate chip cookies and brains storming,
where are you going to be marching around with your placards the next day, you better watch out,
because you never know who might be infiltrating your organization.
Don't forget join WDQM and a Marlon 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lauderdale, a house on Federal Highway,
just south of open park Boulevard, stop by for prizes from Billy to Marlon and the Mermaid.
Now they had better prizes than the usual crappy Q&M prize doer that we're talking about.
That's what we're talking about.
Cran, it's Marlon's watch party 7 o'clock tonight at the Fort Lauderdale, a house on the line.
I am old, this is 420 or 520, Q&M.
Suck it in and hold it.
Another thing, the animals in the bay would have been a big star by now.
That's a little bit sweet voice, and you can take it anywhere you want, beauty, beauty.
We shoot you.
I think I'm so good at this.
I don't want that to happen.
I just don't want that.
The more white you are, the more white you are.
Yeah, what about?
The more white you are.
What do I say?
The more white you are, the more white you are.
I want to die.
You're the best of me.
I'm the best of me.
I'm the best of me.
I'm the best of me.
I'm the best of me.
I'm the best of me.
Why are you wearing a mask?
I know my smell of tracune.
But I'm like that.
You can still go and say,
I feel just like that you are my dear brother.
And what do you need to do another?
That's why you must go that way.
That's why you must go that way.
That's why you must go that way.
That's why you must go that way.
That's why you must go that way.
I'm on the show and for you.
In the care of the child.
I can't wait till it's over.
I can't wait till it's over.
There's an interesting scene in full transfer of power in the RACA's Assign that US policy is succeeding 32% failing 60%.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
You think these bastards are trying to catch it on?
Could be.
Here's a fact that says the number one reason Mandage is not going to see the Michael Moore night-level movie.
It's not for the political reason.
It's because the half that Michael Moore wears is from Michigan State and Mad Dog.
It's from Michigan.
I never thought about that.
Yeah, very much of the movie when you see Michael Moore,
you just have that Spartan cap on the green one.
I guess it's green and white because those are Spartan colors, right?
Absolutely.
Now let's say it's a political thing, man.
Plus, there's nothing about sports in it.
You were getting interested.
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, if there was like a ball game in a summer,
if they had a few ball scores or something about the Flint high school football teams,
then maybe.
Cashy again on Fahrenheit.
I'll tell you who really blew this.
And I was thinking about this the other day when he said the tremendous results over the weekend in the box or if it was...
Oh, I swear!
Oh yeah.
Nice going, Eisner.
Hey, and you talk about just blowing it over and over again.
Now back in the day, I might say something about that, but I won't.
Be careful.
Fahrenheit's heating up on the Weinstein's and leaving Disney boss Michael Eisner out on the ice cold says the New York Community News business section today.
Mirror Max Moorwell's Harvey and Bob Weinstein are sent to personally pocket tens of millions of dollars money that could have gone to Disney
for Merkard Breaking Michael Moore flick Fahrenheit 9-11 a.m.
listed yesterday.
Wouldn't surprise me if we had another Mickey Mouse bid here with Eisner pretty soon.
Wouldn't shock me.
The Weinstein's decision to invest $6 million of their own money to buy the flick from Mirror Max owner Disney's looking like one of Hollywood's smarter deals, Disney bailed in the Bush-Pashing movie, too controversial.
After taking in a whopping almost $22 million on its debut weekend, the low budget documentary sector rack, a set the rack up between $50 and $100 million that the domestic box office, Amelist predict.
And that's before the film's international release, DVD sales, pay-per-view and other sources of cash.
The achievement of is all the more remarkable because 3-9-11 is one of the lowest budget movies I've ever produced.
Harvey Weinstein told the Daily News and this weekend's success is only the beginning.
It's also the beginning of more finger-pointing at Disney chief Eisner.
He's already on the gun from Disney shareholders who withheld a staggering 45% of their votes in the media chief.
He's sure to hear more for ditching a profitable hit.
I fought Disney for passing on it and I'm a Republican said entertainment a list Robert Routh of some outfit, noting that Disney spent $95 million on the Alamo and of course the Paukry 22.1 million since its released nearly through months ago.
See the Alamo?
Remember the Alamo?
Do you see it?
No.
Neither of anybody else.
Firm and I also give the Weinstein's far more firepower in their long-running feud with Eisner.
Disney has the right to win their contract next year and the brothers might seek to start over outside the media giant.
In other words, to hell with them.
Ken Sunshine, what a name.
A spokesman for the Fellowship Adventure Group formed by the Weinstein to handle Firm and I said they're planning to expand a flicta more theaters.
See this is what makes it so amazing.
Just like the people in Broward are aware right now.
Only three theaters in the whole county.
It's now playing just 868 screens, a small number compared to the weekends number two grossing film White Six, which like I told yesterday is showing on 2726 screens more than three times as many.
We also have a long-term strategy to keep this movie playing through the fall sunshine said to which we say.
Oh yeah!
The Weinstein's out the only one said the back big bucks more who said they were put up zero of his own money, owns an undisclosed stake in the flick, meaning he'll clean up at the box office balloons.
So will independent film company Lionsgate Entertainment, though it's take will be smaller.
Lionsgate which is retrieving the documentary along with IFC has cut a deal it gives about 15% of the box office after the movie theaters take out their cut.
And after we pay the milk-doodle's people.
Don't they have like, I know I asked you this deal, but don't they have like non-parells?
Oh, snow caps.
Yeah, snow caps, that's right.
They don't have this anymore?
Oh they have.
What happened to all the good?
Well, maybe it's just here, I don't know they had like a very smart me selection to kill you.
Did Hershey's pieces, did you ever see that?
Hershey's pieces.
Yeah, they're kind of like smarties.
It's the same like M&M's without quite as much sugar.
No, I've not seen them.
Smart me crap. Hershey's pieces.
Kind of a piece of f***ing of that.
And milk does was the only edible thing in it.
And then they're awful liquorish.
Do you eat it?
It look-rish?
One settle, if I'm forced to.
Of course asking you, do you eat anything is like pretty, you know, digging a hole for my saw.
You're actually eating liquorish?
I guarantee you, Dr. Tony, liquorish.
That was not bad.
Ah, let's-
Let's-
Reservant black.
I was just about to say real man-doney liquorish is what I was about to say, but then again.
See that's my ultimate fantasy now.
It's sitting at the MGM grain.
At the, one of those multi-million dollar progressive slots eating liquorish.
Plain slots to like pass out.
I am local.
I'm here.
For 20 no fights, it's easy to shoot you, eh?
At the money, Junior.
He's got a boring green and a-
He always holds it up high for food, say.
He's got that stuck to him.
Where is ever you, okay?
George is not when he's not, that he tried.
Okay.
What more will public say in the sense to save his campaign?
He's got he's doing everything.
As he would never play with her face.
George is not when he's not, and he's trying.
Oh!
153 mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Here's a fact that inspired me to play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
I'm not sure if I can play that.
In fact, I guarantee it in the browser.
 to here so far.
Here's our poll result.
How can George W Bush be a tide
with John Tire and the latest polls?
Pretty depressing.
We apologize for doing that.
Americans are more on three of the 72 people
be saying, out of 917.
All the scouts who are thousands of the day could have done if we put on the big push, but we don't want to do that. We don't want to show off.
No pushing.
In fact, if we would have had a choose between, do we want to get to a thousand votes on the pool today during the show, or do we want to have the trends come out and have really big numbers?
We probably would have settled with the big numbers, right?
Yeah, correct.
So, can't have everything, man. Can't have your cake in either two. That's what Zach says.
Well, what are they bringing tomorrow?
Berger's rigs, a whole bunch of stuff.
See he's talking to his teeth again.
Berger's rigs?
Stop doing that, please.
People are talking about it from coast to coast, man. You know that Josh Kidd has done a Roger Show he talks to his teeth.
That's what I hear.
And when you got your teeth lines like that, it's hard to say, you can't say it that way. Yeah, it's difficult.
Anyway, getting back to the pool result.
How can George W. B. Lee and John Kerry and the latest polls, I guess maybe I don't know, I saw a little bit of that thing and I put about 10 seconds of it on the pool.
He's this scary. He really is 922 votes. Americans number on 373.
Kerry's campaign sucks 238. It's just in off the ground. You know what?
That oxygen is pretty expensive, I guess.
And maybe they're waiting to start feeding them some until they'll get closer to the Russian lock October.
You know, that little tube they'll like suck on.
Yeah, why not?
Kerry's campaign sucks, because that 238.
The media's in Bush's pocket, which anybody with a brain, anybody even slightly objected knows that 167.
Even the objective people is fox or that.
America loves Bush 72 and nobody in those career 72 out of nearly a thousand vote so far.
WQA and hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir, Mr. Collar.
Farron, I know 11.
Yep.
Should be prerequisite that everybody in the country goes to it before they register to vote.
Yes, sir, absolutely.
Should be forced just like in a clockwork orange. They should be tied in the chair.
We have the highly deprived of politics, right?
Absolutely.
Yep.
And getting back in the gambling, you missed one of the biggest proponents you could, you know, gambling is that goddamn mouth of indiz.
Yeah.
I'm getting rid of him because you already had dumped one shit.
Yeah, see why he's not for he's not from radio with the new dictums.
Okay.
And so as a result, he said, you heard what I said.
The new rules.
Oh, is that what I said?
Yeah, it sounded like it.
And so he said damn, okay?
As in Neil.
Yeah, God dang.
Is what he said.
Well, he's a good guy.
He meant well.
It's called this fun.
But then he said like like that.
And now the things are going so well.
We're not going to go screw it up right now.
You want to say?
Oh, yeah.
Don't look at gift-force in the mouth.
Don't push a good thing.
All of the stuff like that.
Anyway, the mad dog is making a surprise appearance today on his own show.
Yesterday, a month was in and wow, what do you think we should put in there?
He's asking me, this is our, he wonders why Clarence is the program director now.
I mean, it's a very difficult decision.
It's like when Greg sits on the throne and takes the F-R to decide which hand to wipe with.
You know?
And then has to get on the intercom and find out from the water Nazi.
But at any rate, we don't have Curtis or Joseph Acky.
Because we got the world famous, the politically misguided from Michigan.
But they didn't expect that.
Jim Manage, mad dog coming up next.
We're number one, David!
Bye bye bye!
We need some help.
The second QAM online auction ends today at three.
So far gone to WQAM, Dr. Mabel right now, and putting your hands.
You don't want to lose out on these great items.
A line of law and a graph back.
A chance to be down in our junior.
And then we're right at the scene three.
A regulation that we have for it at your home presented by SportsCore.
Go hosting one hour on the weekend with the FIGO or the Landle Alps again.
So log on to WQAM.com right now and put in your minutes a service of Sports Radio 560, QAM.
If you won $56,000, what would you do with it?
Could a Vegas invented all of the dolphins to win the sewer bowl?
Do you mean $56,000 and the dolphins to win it all?
Purchase the left-touch supply by Agra.
Tint of ease to an all-ing-a-meet buffet.
Well, QAM and AOL for Brockman are giving you that chance.
It's the 56-pound dollar gold run.
And a Florida Marlins player hits a home run through the QAM target in left field.
And the bottom half of the fifth inning won Lucky Winterful.
Walk away with $56,000.
Woo-hoo!
The single one has to be on the fly.
To register, just log on to WQAM.com then listen to the end.
To keep this ground in your hand from AOL for Brockman and Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
It's an election year.
And QAM is encouraging all baseball fans to get out and vote.
Mike Lowell, Miguel Cabrera and Luis Castillo are up for nomination as starters in this year's All-Star Game.
Log on to WQAM.com and vote for third baseman Mike Lowell, outfielder Miguel Cabrera, and second baseman Luis Castillo.
You can vote up to 25 times each.
All entries will be entered into a grand prize drawing to win an autographed Mike Lowell, that, and meet Mike before a Marlins game.
So get out and vote.
Or better yet, just log on to WQAM.com and vote.
Mike Lowell, Miguel Cabrera, and Luis Castillo to the 2004 All-Star Game.
Supported by the flagship station of the Florida Marlins Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Hurry to my MLA Spirit Pontiac GMC and receive a dinner certificate for a round of golf at Shulis Hotel and Golf Resort.
Just for taking a test drive.
For a limited time you can drive away in a brand new 2004 GMC on board for only $2.99 a month.
Or check out the new Pontiac prize.
Then floodspires from only $1.29 a month.
Get up to $8,000 off a brand new Viewer Grandeville.
Nobody will give you a better price than Miami Lakes Viewer Pontiac GMC located in northwest 157th Street off the Palmetto Expressway.
Or call 305-362-7283.
See the other details.
logout.edu.com and check out the WQAM band club.
Register for a check with a one-pair autographed baseball spudger by President of Florida.
Register for a VIP All-Axis package to the FACI-400-N-D-Tona package.
You can see it's hotel, a meet and greet with number 30 AOL Johnny Sotter.
Opportunity vases and more from AOL for broadband.
And sports radio 560-QAM.
And sports radio 560-QAM.
And sports radio 560-QAM.
Follow the hit with a little bit of Rick Weaver back in 72.
Dolphins are perfect.
The World Series calls with the Amarlands.
J. Feeler's dive in for a touchdown in the Oakland game.
the Denver Damien couple of years ago.
And if there's a call that makes the hair stand up on your arm,
maybe it was Christian Laitner, maybe your Kentucky Wildcat,
maybe your Duke Blue Devil,
Bobby Thompson shot-heard around the world,
some Super Bowl calls, Scott Norwood.
He was wide, right?
Well, that kind of stuff.
If you've got one, you want to hear or you want
that you'd like to include on our list,
we'll bring it your way as Captain Curtis has been running around furiously.
I think we can officially say we've reached the dog days of summer.
This might be the dogiest of dog days.
Dead's bill.
Fins have an open.
Heat draft conversation is coming gone.
No baseball game last night.
That was pretty bizarre.
Panther's chat doesn't really burn up the line.
So I got Athens a couple weeks away.
So this is one of those hundred other days.
Time to earn a paycheck.
Talk about duty on our country.
The reason I was going to miss the show today was I was going down to Islamarata.
I was going to jump on three rings with Jimmy Joe.
And Terry Bradshaw and Captain Skip Brady and Captain Eric Bass.
But no, decided I had to line up the dally around for too long now.
Speaking of Terry Bradshaw, nice to know he's back in Pittsburgh's Good Graces.
Smoke the peace pipe.
That's good.
Long overdue was about 20 years.
You believe that for all the good things Bradshaw and that crew in Pittsburgh.
Steel curtain.
Jarella's guerrillas, Frank goes Italian army, all that stuff.
He should embrace Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh should embrace him.
Big feud with Chuck Noel, big feud with I guess Lynn Swan.
But what a run.
Pittsburgh.
