Now
I
Supported for shelter that tragic day and to my surprise
Discussed in shame he let those sorties in the lady get away and shifted the blame
We're not doing my
Grunt
They're not the ones for what happened
They're not the ones for what happened
What's going on with this car?
They're not the ones for what happened
Where are we piling? I racked
The fence concert was all having fun
As we spread freedom
The point of the deal
There's plenty of problems and only just be some work
They be RGE and Hello Burton
Leave his peace and they are kids too dark
And the dueling mug works to support this guy
An advanced head of syphilis must be the reason why
They believe your choice is Jesus Christ
They're right
They're up you piling I racked
They're not the ones for what happened
They're not the ones for what happened
What's going on with this rack?
They're not the ones for what happened
Boy George why do you hate so many vacation?
It's hard work
It's hard work
Everybody knows it's hard work
We've got a lot of hard work
I see on the TV screens how hard it is
It is so hard
I play that again right now
That was great
I liked it
I hadn't heard that yet
That bit?
Yeah
Hey I got the new crap today
We're not mucking around
We're putting it in the gear now
We're not holding back
What's it mean by that monkey comment?
Let me ask you something
I'm looking at my poll
Maybe it's my computer again
Because you're always telling me well
You haven't refreshed and you haven't
Do you have it douche?
Do you have it douche?
What's the story?
Because I still see the old poll on there
We're having some internet problems
I don't know if Eric can hear us yet
Josh went out during the break and said to someone
Something
Yeah
But we were not streaming and might still not be
No we were streaming again
Well he said that we were but you never know
And what's Eric's fan-eric use up there again?
We already got a couple of facts saying that we're not streaming
And are we streaming now or not?
Because I don't know
I do like a really good show
If the people on the internet can't hear it
We have audio now
Okay we have audio now
Which means get the new poll on there
Eric can quick-dittle it around
Okay he'd air it did a great job on that thing yesterday for the polling places in Broward
Yes
I'm wondering though why we only had the Broward ones and after ones in date
That's the site
That's what comes up on the site
There's a different place for data
I don't know what it is we have to go through more to research
Whatever
But in any way we got not only the put all the locations on there but even the map
I mean it's number than sawdust it shows you exactly
I mean we did everything except like send a limbo to pick you up and take you there to vote for John Kerry and for Betty Castoroyle
And for prop 4 and against prop 3
So get with it
I mean isn't everybody in date voting for Bush anyways?
We don't know
In fact I got a great story about that coming up a little bit later on
Here's a preview of some of my bedtime stories
Well I got some good crap today
Oh early voting problems in Boka again
No rocking the Cuban vote from the nation
Well wonderful nation
You notice the only two things that they have left to talk about is that Kerry is too freaking liberal
And number two that he picked on Chinese daughter
Penny is still hooking with that crap
He's right
Well she was fair game they used that expression
And therefore it was obviously something that was pre-planned all this other crap
What the hell does that mean?
What she meant by saying she was fair game means that she's out of the closet
That there was no impropriety in talking about her being a dike
That's exactly what that means
But they're continuing to cater to the dumbest of the dumb
And the fact that they don't understand is they already got those people
They got them locked up
They got all the trailer track
Just look at that electoral map those red states again man
That's them
Dumb as us
Okay let me vote on here
This is going to be tough
This could be the toughest pool I've ever taken
We've done this before right?
Yes, yes we have been various forms
In various incarnations
How about those red socks by the way?
I went to bed because I did not do a great job avoiding this cold
I was definitely coming down with it
You know you get the scraps and the meek is in the sore throat
And I did a fine job of doctrine myself
And so I went to bed it was for nothing
And I see the red socks one
So I take back and I'm going to tell you right now Josh
Why they won these three games?
Why is that?
You see your life already because they got the impetus
They got the enthusiasm
They got gooseed up on a Patriots beat Seattle on Sunday
You noticed they hadn't won a game
They lost three in a row they got them blown out
I mean just in theory what was it?
19 to eight or something the day before?
All of a sudden here they come in a win three in a row
They've even up the world series
Even winning right there in New York a Jackie Stadium last night
And that's they can thank the Patriots in the Tom Brady and Bill Bellachuk for that
That's the undefeated Patriots who won two Super Bowls in the last three seasons
And won 20 games in a row as opposed to the Eurodolphins who are well
We've need to say now what was I just about to do here?
I just voted oh Boarding and Christians is taking the early lead
That would be fine we go
How about the Jamaicans who are Boarding and Christians and also on the weekends Jewish
I don't want to say there's any hanky panky going over the election
This this story just they should give you a great idea of what they're trying to pull man
This is so amusing
Some absentee ballots distributed to Hamilton County voters don't include the name
Of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry local election officials confirmed yesterday
Yeah, they had a small mistake
You're like a Kerry's name off of there
So do you want to vote for Bush or Nader or a few other people that nobody ever heard of?
Or that's it? Or Bush
In fact probably they put Bush's name on it or a second time where Nader where uh, Kerry was supposed to be
Because of a printing error limited election officials believed only a few ballots in the force
They believe we don't know but that's what they're thinking
In the fourth park area absentee ballots recently mailed out exclude the Democratic presidential ticket of Kerry and John Edwards
It's a screw-up said Tim Berker
Chairman of the Hamilton County Board of Elections
This just feeds the paranoia that's out there
The tragic thing is that even though I think we have a very fair and accurate count here
This will cause people to question the accuracy of our operation
No kid
I think the reason we weren't streaming by the way is because Howard got off early at 1028 this morning
Yeah
I mean that's a good excuse I don't know what it's like
Or maybe because Robert didn't uh, maybe Robert didn't hit the button
Because maybe Duff was too busy hitting Robert's button
Although election officials believe only two voters have received the inaccurate ballots today
Berks said he's worried that the mix-up will open us up to all kinds of questions and concerns
No Schmidt
He also conceded that some may question whether the problem is a deal a bit or only a few ballots
I guess we'll never know
But I'm happy we're talking about a very small number Berks said but it's something that should never have happened
Again no Schmidt is my comment
One of the voters who received the inaccurate ballots said today
She just couldn't believe it when she opened her absentee ballot on poll
And notice that Kerry's name was just missing
I'm sure it's just an oversight
Right?
Yeah
I know it's hard
I'm sure
I know it's something was wrong said the voter who asked not to be identified
But you wonder whether others maybe didn't notice it before they sent their ballots back
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
The printing error is the second major mistake to play Hamilton County's absentee ballots for the upcoming election
Earlier this month
Official scrapped 17,500 absentee ballots after Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell ordered presidential candidate Ralph Nader off the ballot
Because of invalid signatures on his candidacy petitions
Those ballots also have been tainted by the election board to scurry that the
Punched positions of Hamilton County Engineer Bill Brasshaw, one of the candidates for Ohio Supreme Court, had been switched
Nader's removal from ballots throughout Ohio also figures out the new problem that caused Kerry's name to be dropped
See I didn't realize that the Nader's not on there
Good in seeking to remove Nader's name from some local ballots Hamilton County officials inadvertently struck Kerry's name instead
So in other words, I was right Nader was on air with Bush and it was Kerry that got knocked off
Well, at least they were trying
On the flawed ballots the words candidate removed appear on the line where Kerry's name should appear on the line below Nader's name
Where Kerry removed actually should have been printed remains so it had Bush and Nader and no Kerry which is really scary
Zined America maybe there and then the registrations the Democratic registrations that were turned up in Oregon we actually saw the pictures in the waste basket
Oh, that was just a disgruntled ex-employee ride
They've always got an answer for everything man
They've always got some bogus answer just like this crap with Theresa LaPour again
It's just like all the sort of bogus garbage going on in South Florida once again and it's only pre-voting now
It's only a little foreplay and he still can't get it straightened up
Which of course when this kind of crap goes on this makes it very easy for them to kind of wait till two weeks from yesterday
Let's see which way the things are going and how many votes they need to fix a new Mexico and how many votes they need to fix up and Wisconsin
And how many need to fix up again in Florida
I'm sure that Glenda in the hood is working feverishly on it along with that fat ass governor yours
Don't forget Betty Caster for Senate and William Portante just say no to Mel Martinez that Nazi piece of crap
Yes, I'm proposition four
Oh, the slots you ought to see the article that's in the at Harold and we talk about biased
I've been saying that for years the hero puts their editorial opinions on the news pages and then again on the editorial pages too but just amazing
They're so hysterical about those slot machines those one-eyed bandits who they're going to get you
All you got to do is play a month's ban you'll be hooked you'll never have another dime to your name but play that lottery that's a good bet
You said what I'd bandits right? Yeah, okay not one-eyed monster
Are you starting in again? I'm going to report you to Joyce, mister
1056 at 560 I can't wait to get on Joyce free radio have norm color
If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking you could be doing a lot better if you had some hair
If you get kind of a scare when you see that bald spot here's the answer call my good buddy Chuck Alfie Erie
Charlie's been helping the famous and the infamous and everybody in between for over 30 years now
But 30 men that is correct but you would never recognize Charlie's work when you see it because it looks like real hair
You never know it wasn't it's a piece Charlie's quitting the best the most natural system in the business the most critical area of any hair system
Which I've been telling you forever is the hairline that's the deal and Charlie's new skill like hair system is 100%
Undetectable the hair looks like it's grown right out of your scalp as opposed to some barnyard animal fell out of the sky out of the top of your head
And Charlie's work is guaranteed you have that to lose but that ugly bald spot that makes you look so bad and old
You try a system for 30 days
After a month of you know of the way it looks and feels and smells you we turn it get your money back
Make the call today tell Charlie you heard about here on the world famous needle Roger show and get you your special
QAM 200 dollar discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hair line system
Call toll free 1 800 321 24 13 and don't forget there's no obligation Charlie will sit you rise down and show you how much better and younger
He can make you look at a very minimal price
Here's that toll free number again 1 800 321 24 13 or on the wicked web it's Charles Alfie Erie dot com
Where of exploding balls
And I like to be free
Thank you for changing it for the nifty
Make it against it we don't have to repeat
We need people in there right to stop to be free
You're free
Completely free
Freedom of lunch for those Iraqis
From the point of a gun or spread in our brain
Democracy that these Iraqis want to show desperately now
Released to my calm Genji cold
Listen to our channel
Freedom of lunch that I don't know
You're gonna have me as Iraqo be free
Thank you Mr. Bush for just one thing
When we have one there is electricity
Back to your there
I'm going to lay in the freedom
It's a great party
Car bomb on
Bring a ride on
You more get
Let me go to a 560 WQM happy Wednesday too
Look at that price of crude oils up almost a buck today 5420 as I speak
The Dow is down 63 points and the Nasdaq is down 3
By the end of the week the Nasdaq is going to be back at the 1800s
And pretty soon the Dow is going to be down hovering around 9000
Why can't you ever say something positive?
Jobs nobody's got jobs and the jobs they do have in our paint of fraction what they used to pay
Everything every single issue you look at like I said yesterday is crap
And you got Dale Waldtrup on there yesterday on CNN with Wolf Flitzkrieg
Making his big pitch for W
And at a shock that the NASCAR crowd is for W
That was one of the most I don't know whether to laugh or cry
One of the most amusing things I've seen in the years Dale Waldtrup
Well you shake George Bush in hand and you're shaking hands with a real man
Yeah, yeah, draft Dodger cheerleader now one of them lily libert pinko bag
For liberals. Yeah. Oh, let's see. Oh, here's another one. You had this when you did the pull
Please add Republicans. I forgot about that. Yeah, you did this not that long ago
But that's okay something like that
Yeah, let's add that on there Josh. It'll give you something to do put Republicans on there please
How's that pull coming so anyway Wolf Flitzkrieg much to my amazement
Actually put his he put his feet to the floor a little bit Dale Waldtrup put his pedal to the metal
And he said well, what about the fact that John Kerry you know volunteered for service during Vietnam and the George W Bush
You know we'll join the National Guard and Walter's response was which is obviously scripted you know to give him all the little
The lines to use right the car is up with the course Bush is big on lines comes up with this crap about well that really speaks that
That's an insult to the people in the guard today and Wolf Flitzkrieg amazingly stepped out of his Nazi boots long enough to remind him that
The people in the guard today 43% of them have been are now or will be in Iraq as opposed to back during the Vietnam war
When joining the guard was just another way of dodging the draft and his and his response was just like Bush's response on is he in favor of Roe v. Wade or repealing it
A non-answer he came back with well all I know was a George Bush is a straight shooter when you shake his hand in all that
And he's a great I love George Bush. That was his response which was really really well worth while having him on there
We'll get to that whole thing. I got a great story about CNN and about that thing that bulges and bushes jacket
I got some good stuff here today, but we better take a whole bunch of calls don't you think let's do that no let's look at the pool first
Which of these groups bug you the most born again Christian 60 we do that fact let's do this once a month just so we can get out of our system
126 votes born again Christians got about half of them I hate everybody 19 Cuban 16 WQM hello
Hey, they all go out. How you doing all right all right? I remember before you said you're having an audio for any day
But you just say any 100 GA you don't say that no more. No, that's I guess that's what I have to do any K from GA
Hey, but okay, thank you. Hey, these are good calls aren't they? The first guy like an overgrown child what happened to Howard?
Howard's still on you guys cut him off. We don't cut Howard off but when he says the last word the last breath
That's when the Stern show ends on this station. Okay, so give us a song to dance you emotional cripple simple than you that words Howard
Okay, that was the first call I'm getting worse from there, but I like taking a lot of these the bread and butter right right like line 9's my favorite QAM hello
How you doing okay? How you doing?
Did you get my effects your facts about what saying what the whole question from yesterday about Republicans?
No, about a poll questions about movies everyone should see and I
Said that George George usually never did we get the facts George? We get this guy's back or remember any facts like that. I'm getting
I said it again get with it now that movies everybody should see we've done that but more times than this stupid one we're doing today get
With it pal I recall seeing a facts like boy you people man are stiller than last year's Matsu get with it. Of course remember I did have to reset the machine this morning
So maybe he said it up. He probably said it you didn't get it because your machine was screwed up
I couldn't actually this morning either and then I went back to bed just to make sure I miss certain people
I certainly hope that those people get the message
This isn't like a couple of a day deal if they want to deal with anybody deal with you or they can call norm can't I'm not dealing with people
They want to ruin my day see that here's a great piece of philosophy and I really mean this if your wife ruins your day
dump the bitch if your kid ruins your day put them out on the street make them homeless
I mean anybody ruins your day just get get take them out of your life. Yeah, what life is too short to have people to ruin your day
What if they ruin like a whole years of your life? Well that case and then dump them like in the ocean will be good
FDA stops distribution of unauthorized flu vaccine from Canada
The federal government stops them central this is hysterical this is a panic
And I should put out that the people in Canada aren't too excited about this idea that the American public is going to start draining all of the drugs supplies from Canada
They're getting a little bit paranoid about that because they only manufacture a limited amount because there's only how many million people here
But third man in Canada
But nevertheless I saw this yesterday also on these certainly not news Nazi network about well you know the FDA hasn't really checked some of these vaccines from Canada
The FDA the same people that that approved viox and philidamide and all these other drugs that have killed millions of people
The FDA which is nothing but a sell out all the all the manufacturers of food manufacturers and all the other are the drug manufacturers
Anyway the federal government stopped some central Floridians from getting flu shots yesterday or today it says Wednesday and that's today
Because the vaccine was from a Canadian company not approved for use in the US
Unless it's Thursday and I don't realize you yet is it Thursday? It's Friday huh? Yeah right there about 6000 doses of the vaccine were to be given for free starting today
A clinics in orange seminal and ocular counties this senior is desperately trying to get shots amid a national vaccine shortage
FDA officials had no details about the mix up they were investigating how the unlicensed vaccines ended up being shipped
The doses were received Monday by Get Healthy Florida a partnership of Florida Hospital the Orange County Health Department and others
The vaccine came from Shire Pharmacicicles Group a British company that sold its vaccine to Vision in September to a Canadian company ID Biomedical
Get Healthy Florida bought its vaccines from Taylor's Pharmacy in Wooder Park
Sturr owner Alan Divers said he ordered doses through a major wholesale of McKesson Corporation
Diver realized they weren't from eventist pasture the only authorized maker left for the US but still sent them to doctors offices
If get healthy Florida he didn't know how many doctors have received the files or what they've been given to the patients
If federal officials were negotiating with ID Biomedical to secure a small amount of doses in January said Lester Crawford acting FDA Commissioner and that's the end of the story
So in other words because the FDA hasn't put their squeal of approval on it yet therefore these old files that are standing in line
Holizing an 85 degree heat for hours and hours they're ready to pass out and croak right on the side
In fact did you see there was one woman had a hard attack died? You see that? Yes
Waiting for a flu shot you miserable bastard
Yeah 2000 people are gonna die because this idiot is not top of things
He screams he hoars he's always really good when he's prescripted and got that little thing in his ear but when he shakes your hand
Yeah when he shakes his hand you're talking to a real man and when he shakes it
Charity halter rack work actor Aid Chiefs Kid that let's better take a few calls though first
Probably get some voting updates on what's going on around town
WCAM hello
Yes sir
How are you?
I told you yesterday about link TV I just wanted to give you their website I saw last night
Call me yesterday huh? Okay
WCAM hello
Do you pick it any taxes?
You pick it right away?
Oh this guy again do I pick it up? He's back after a long absence that one's back
Oh I have no Canadian income sir but I do play GST and PST and ASD
Taxes here are brutal so just blow it out your ass and get a life
WCAM hello
QAM yes sir
Yeah I can talk to Neil
Speaking
Neil
Yes
Did you hear J.K. fielders been stuck out of his house the last three days?
Who?
J.K. fielder, who knows that?
You know why they came to go line across this front too?
Okay great great very funny
567 0568 pound 560 and they've rising and singing the right Tony they're going to be good today right?
You said you had a lot of stuff
I do have a lot of stuff I'll get it all in
Let's see oh New Yorkers it says can't stand any of them even those in my family says this facts from somebody
Good choice they'll do well on this poll
Okay New Yorkers New Yorkers put the ockers on there
They always take one of the top three positions when we do this
Yeah I was on this poll before and I don't know
What?
Kind of a negative thing which is what it seems to be a response on it
They like negative they like hate
Like like these calls we're getting today
I'm glad to see though that the whisperer is back it's got a little bit worried about him
I thought maybe they got the butterfly net and took us in so last week too
Oh did he?
Yeah
Well that's good
Yeah he's a worker
Oh that's what he's boring
Oh that's boring
We're going to be the worker
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM if you want to know more about following a low carb diet
If your fat is a cow and you want to lose some weight and stay alive
If you want the best tasting biggest election of low carb foods of the best price
Here's a story you are going to love it's called you got it the likes of Westboker
Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins the sugar busters the South Beach diet got from it
Or any low carb sugar free diet the likes of Westboker has always been the number one low carb store in South Florida
Now like I always tell you you can buy your meat and your cheese and your seafood in the supermarket
But if you want some variety if you want some goodies they can kind of like get some taste out of
Here's the answer for you the likes of Westboker your low carb headquarters
They've got over 1200 products like carbolite ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies
And more of the people who work there know low carb dieting inside and out
The license open every day of your life seven days a week from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m
You find the lights on the northeast corner of glazing 441 right next to Boston Market or column pull free at 1-877 low carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.B.
Low carb run where it's low carb calm there's only one but it's the lights of Westboker your official Atkins retail center
Your name's a Neil Rogers
Correct the rules on five seconds.
U-A-M
Bobby, you're helping all the boys
I'm a captain
No
Everybody, hey, everybody all the time
Oh, that's the way of life in Florida
Absolutely
For a head up with mates and anger in our school
Every now
Everybody, everybody all the time
Friday night tolerance and fear
In swear is a franchise by the gate and they don't want to hear
You find their attitude like Sauer when a machete and friend looks like you to the bone
There's a great lot of rush hour
I throw in no someone calls you mad at all
He's gonna eat like you have right party, hey, everybody all the time
Baby, I'm glad he's watching here, he's gonna do
Stop this and the bridge is walking from Papano
P you
I don't think we can say P you know more sorry, though, we won't do it again
Love at 18 and here's an interesting facts from Frank and Melbourne who says
Bush says no draft, okay then why is the Selective Service looking for draft board members
I close a copy of the Selective Service Information request page from their website
You can find it under careers like that touch careers for chicken hawks
If there's no draft plan then why they need for draft board members and anyway here's the second cheat that includes which is a copy of that
Local board membership information requested said local board members are volunteers appointed by the president
They play an important community role closely connected with our nation's defense
If a military draft becomes necessary approximately 2000 local boards throughout America would decide which young men in each community received a firmance, post-ponents or exemptions
From military service based on federal guidelines and if you're interested in receiving information and becoming a board member for the Selective Service
Please complete this form must be 18 years older since the US must have registered with a Selective Service yadi yadi yadi in the coson
How do you like that?
I guess it's just an exercise right just in case
Right who knows there might be a wort some day
Oh, now what's this other thing you just fact me this constitutional amendment?
Oh, I aborted it because it was long in other words it's a breakdown of all of the amendment one is the parental notification of a minor's termination of pregnancy
Which if you want these it's like six pages no, okay, I don't want all of these I mean the ones that it's obvious what you're going to vote against that right right and the second one
I have no idea what this is constitutional amendments proposed by initiative. I don't know
Oh, you're supposed to be on top of all of that too bad tell some of the just the cover page, huh, which is has them listed
We got bigger fish to fry, okay?
Charity halts Iraq work after age chief's kidnap aid organization carried a nationalist suspended separations and Iraq completely following the kidnapping of Margaret Hassan
It was announced today
Kara Australia confirmed it had halted all work in Iraq because of the kidnapping instead of expected a release of statement with the nowers
Kara Australia chief executive Robert Glasser told Australia's ABC radio our staff are not operating currently there and they're certainly not working there now in light of the current situation
He said Kara Australia did not know why she'd been kidnapped
She by the end of your saw the story she lived there for 30 years. Yes. So in other words it's not like she just went there to start doing these things
The good work she was doing and she'd been there for 30 years, but evidently you know, she's not a good time to be a non-Iraqi in Iraq
Right. She was born in Dublin holds dual British and Iraqi nationality
She was snatched just hours before she was driven to work in the west of the capital yesterday morning
Al Jazeera reported that an unarmed and unnamed armed Iraqi groups had a kidnapped Mrs. Hassan
So there you go. It continues the put your ring into beheadings and all these other things
I saw a great show on the biography channel last night about the Saudi royal family. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my friends. Huh?
Our buddies the Saudis baby. Bandar Bush. All of them good boys. I tell you one thing when bandar Bush holds hands with George W
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W
it down as it usually gets that though time here going on it.
We still got two weeks. I'll do a little bit of homework and find the the thumbnail sketch of each one of them or I'll just back some to you
Or whatever. Well, you got it all there. Yes, what I canceled it and it's coming through again
Here's a very much more important story the 911 secret in the CIA's back pocket. This is from the LA Times and Robert Sheer
He says it is shocking the Bush administration is suppressing a CIA report on 911 until after the election and this one names names
Although the report by the Inspector General's office of the CIA was completed in June
It hasn't been made available to the congressional intelligence committees that demanded it study the study almost two years ago
It's infuriating that a report which shows that high-level people were not doing their jobs in a satisfactory manner before 911 is being suppressed and
Intelligence official who has read the report told me adding that the report is potentially very embarrassing for the administration
Because it makes it look like they weren't interested in terrorism before 911 or in holding people in the government responsible
Act Award kind like what Richard Clark said
When I asked about the report representative Jane Harmon of California
Ranking Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee said she and committee chairman Peter Hoekstra a Republican
Amishian said a letter 14 days ago asking for it to be delivered
We believe that the CIA has been told not to distribute the reports. You said and we are very concerned
According to the intelligence official is spoke to be on condition of anonymity
Release of the report which represents an exhaustive 17 month investigation by an 11-member team within the agency has been stalled
First by acting CIA director John McLaughlin and now by Porter J. Misha Goss the former Republican House member and chairman of the intelligence committee
We recently was appointed CIA chief by president Bush Porter Misha Goss
The official stress that the report was more blunt and more specific than the earlier bipartisan reports
Produced by the Bush appointed on the other commission in the Congress with all the other reports
And 911 did not do is point to figured individuals and give the how and what of their responsibility
This report does that says the intelligence official the report found very senior level officials responsible
By law the only legitimate reason the CIA director has for holding back such a report as national security
It neither Goss Norma Gropons invoked national front before they start the job
Call him today tool free using the first time you never dream a call anybody else again call him at 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked web. It's dry concepts dot com
Covered over this performance by the Dalton have in-up election officials left you confused
Here is your guy to understanding how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be
Let's get started shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmels D who are you voting for?
You see now read the butterfly ballot starting with Bush cany and the left column you can and Chikol Gruber
Mangala Ikeman and Gerbels in the right
Where's our leaving over there this guy?
Yes, is this the guy who makes my baby food? No now simply punch a hole in the
1959 Univac key punch guide
Over there here use this microscope
So no that invalidates your vote
That again I'll punch you
Not a ring old hebe
Remember comrades if you want to live in Florida exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother
It's 11-32-28-0560 QM Madball coming to two. Let's take a look at the poll so far
Which of these groups bugs you the most three hundred and sixteen votes
A born again Christians hundred and twenty Republicans 42. Let's move it up. That's zooming up the list
I hate everybody 37 QM 35. I like everybody 14. Well, goody goody African-Americans 12
Haitians 10 rednext nine French Canadians nine Jews nine Muslims eight New Yorkers four
But if they're at New Yorkers who also are Jews oh double
Catholics four and Jamaicans three out of three hundred and sixteen votes a lot of people
Out there not to like well, it's just you know, I mean you can pretend you like everybody and oh people are just people
Okay, what's the light?
Uh early voting problems reported in Boka again. This must be a mistake in it. It's just a joke
I'm sure comedy lies and I would think if we were getting zillions with this election going on less than two weeks away
Now we'd be getting zillions of calls from people who voted the last couple of days and
Have encountered either problems or no problems or whatever. Yeah, they're all the stuff going on
Let's call in C-SPAN and have them cover the show. Okay, so they can hear some of these neat calls
Yeah, they come to the camera on your picture. I have a whole like this one WQ and hello
Yes, sir. Um, a while ago they played a song that was like a spoof of the monster mesh
Yeah, I wanted to find out where you get it and what it who does it what it's called
Were you getting it? Yeah, like I mean isn't it some you can purchase somewhere? No
But you can get it at Kathy Willis House, okay pal? Not well not you
Somebody about 40 years younger
Yeah, and I wouldn't see spanned have been just they were a tickled or fancy to get that girl okay
That was exactly what's out for this right about that was that was perfect
That was our that was one of our younger colors WQ and hello. I think I voted for Nader
WQ and hello
Yeah
Yes, and uh, it's so easy my dog can do it. Yeah, listen then then by all means get him over there. They shoot. Yeah, well
Howard David's a bitch
Agent bus and agent cheeks work hard to solve their queries case yet
Agent butt big-ing
But she gets down here now. I've got a stiff
So I bring the wine I would you just can't it girlfriend. I'm talking about a dead body
Neckrow now now
CSI fire island party fire steam and Richard Siddon star as TV's newest not so ambiguously gay grime solving duo check out this
But I think Sam and the physical evidence let's get physical physical
Why don't you put up plug in eight butts now?
I have to do to see a talent
Preppers entering through the back door. So great. Yeah, that narrow down the list of suspects complete
CSI fire island with special guest our rooper to ever peace
Till my heart love him don't miss CSI fire island coming soon, but not too quickly too
60 till noon at five sixty I must be psychic you know because I was just talking moments ago about the joy center
Plug but nevertheless oh
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he provides in singular wireless lines Martha Stewart's in a jam again
Impression domestic diva Martha Stewart may be caught again in the jam-coider report published today
The New York post-siting an unnamed inmate at the Alderson West Virginia minimum security
See the idea that season jail is so ridiculous even though we can't stand that bitch. It's just it's crazy
madness
How's Kenny laid-o and Kenny boy
Yeah, anyway, they report that the guru of good living meaning Martha not Kenny boy
Spend some time last week picking crab apples from trees on the campgrounds and use them to cook up sweet jelly
The normal person will get punished for that, but the prison guards managed not to see her the inmate was quoted as saying
The crabby inmate the inmate went on to say that Stewart my daughter known it was wrong
Although other inmates have since advised her to refrain from stirring up any more treats
No
The post-sited a spokeswoman for the federal prison camp is saying that she was unaware of Stewart's exploits
Adding that it is unlikely that a prisoner were getting into serious trouble for such activity
It's a 105 acre compound with a lot of different trees and crab apples are amongst them said dawn's obo
Spokeswoman for the prison camp and if an inmate was seen picking them we would have a discussion with an informal discussion
Well, what I don't get it. What's wrong with picking apples?
Well, they were forbidden that better than picking cotton
October 8th the CB answer me a five-month sentence. He's been visited by her daughter Alexis and lawyers during the past few days
And who cares? Okay get her out of there already. It's embarrassing
But just like I'm gonna play that the muddy python the archival thing. Yes, he did. She's an uppity rich bitch
Sin Claire speaking of the media. Sin Claire says it will not air the Kiri film at its entirety
What are they are crumbling man? It's such a beautiful thing to see they're crumbling fast
Sin Claire broadcasting under widening scrutiny over plans to wear a documentary about Senator John Kerry's war my wartime activities
Not 30 years ago said yesterday it would not show the program in its entirety
Conquerate enumerous and accurate political and press accounts
These Sin Claire stations will not be airing the documentary stolen honor and its entirety the Baltimore based company said in a statement
That's what they're saying now to cover the rest
Sin Claire said it would air a special news program on Friday called a POW story
Politics pressure in the media that would discuss the allegations surrounding Kiri's anti-vietnam war activities
Sin Claire continues to veal heat from Wall Street as the companies shares fell another 23 cents
To close at six dollars and 26 cent in yesterday's trading the stock is done more than 12% since October 11th the first day of trading after the
Times reported on the airing of the documentary
Lehman brothers cut its 12-month price target from nine dollars two nine dollars from ten is a list
William Myers noted in a report that airing the documentary has no upside and only multi-dimensional
Downside for the company for example by alien eating advertisers and regulators
But that's not Sin Claire's only business problem or it's only experience with controversy
Sin Claire's financial laws were highlighted Monday and JP Morgan's decision to initiate coverage with an underweight rating that indicates
It's expected to underperform in its peer group
In a conversation with management. We detected substantial frustration with the company's stock price said
Analyst Barton Crockett
Kind of Davy
Sin Claire stock is down 56.7% year today compared with the S&P's 500 rise of point two percent for the year
He adds that Sin Claire may consider trying to go private, but we would be hindered by its debt. Oh, I love it
How many dreary does they say?
Don't forget to join George McGellen Bokobrion today five to seven for a happy hour at the Treasure Island
Just off the Palmetto just north of the 120 second street exit stop by to win some really crappy the low budget prizes and
Be sure to check out this week's feature
Stephanie hasn't she wanted pops bowling balls out of her
Yeah, not a watermelon's out of her
That's Stephanie Evans with George McGellen Bokobrion at Treasure Island tonight. She nailed Bokobrion last week
She did Bokobrion his head popped right out of her
567 05 60 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
WDQAM. Hello. Yeah, we're going. Yeah. How you doing? All right, man. I got two wishes for today
Well, one for an array but second and I want for tonight
I just wish it beat up on that empire in New York state on New York Yankees and on the number second. You know what's up? Go Bush
Yeah, both both equally outstanding
WDQAM. Hello
QAN
Is that your own ring? Hello
Yeah, it sounds like that euro ring maybe the Pope is on their line. Hey pops not now
That did sound like that pink Floyd the frontal WDQAM. Hello
Hey, I got one for your poll. What do you mean you got one for our poor? Who? dumb people
Retard yeah, we already put Republicans on there. Oh, yeah, okay. Oh, duh. Retard is good. We don't want to pick on the president. Okay. That's good
Want to put that on there or not? No
Okay, you had it on there. You had dumb people on your pool. I did. I think I don't think so well put it on there anyway
Dumb people give these people a choice baby give what they want see that's the one thing you haven't learned yet
You're getting better every show, but you want thing you have it or give them what they want if they want crap
Give them crap. Give them tons of it. It's cheap. It's cheap
Give them tons of these phone calls. Maybe that's what they want. They don't want anything like my stimulate their brain
Oh my god. He's reading those stories. It's this cousin. We want to hear more about movies baby movies movies movies. That's what we want
Let me tell you again the ones who talk about that crap the most they are the ones who get it the least and the ones who pretend like the
Board of Education's who are leading a running away with our pool. They're the ones who are doing everybody
Because Board of Education is code for
closet pervert
I mean some of us perverts were out of the closet at least that's okay, but closet pervert aka hypocrite
413 votes which of these groups bugs you the most board again Christians hands down your past baby
154
37% of all of you say board again Christians screw them
Republicans 59 I
Hate everybody 44 humans 44 you still can't let go that Cuban thing man
I like everybody 16 Haitians 15, but they sure have clean lawns
African-Americans
15
Oh, wait a minute. Let's just move it up there into a tie with Haitians
Maybe you ought to have ID cards for the dark folks Muslims 14 red next 13 French Canadians a dozen
Jews 11 New Yorkers 10
I would assume that most of the Yorkers and so forth not all but well, then we got a lot of Guido's too, huh? Yeah
A lot of her Jew Yorkers that you make in five
Catholics for and dumb people just went on a very good work Josh 423 vote on our suit pool
I got an article here that the carry people aren't going to be too happy with me about but I you know
I haven't I said that it's a pretty
P-pore selection. Yes
Doug Thompson writes the rant in the capital hill blue, which is now standing website that George doesn't like at all
But he writes ain't much of a choice and I hate the echo. I mean naturally. I already voted for carry and
Would have owed a hundred times if I had the chance at hope like hell
He's gonna win by the way the latest Florida State by State poll. I should point out I forgot to mention this
It shows 47% for bush 46 for carry and one or two for Nader
But how do you like that? It's not within one percent a couple of days ago Bush had a four-point lead
You know these are the daily and every couple of days they do these tracking polls state by state in the battleground states
And also Iowa the latest one shows carry 47 bush 47 a Nader with four which is very disturbing
You see you people are gonna vote for Nader
How do you gonna do every vote for Nader is a vote for Bush make no at least in the battleground states and didn't Nader already urge
Didn't he already say
To the people I wanted to vote for him in the closed states in the battleground states
They should vote for carry didn't he already say that? Yeah, sure. Let's say he said that no
He did say that okay. It was months ago, but he said it
Anyway ain't much of a choice right Stugthompson and the great capital hill blue which George hates that was I have the idea why
Well, no, that's because they're not partisan. They rip both parties and they tell it like it is
I don't know what you say that I've never said any kind of this sort just for the hell of it
Okay, if George W. Bush had not turned the citizens of this country into an angry mob filled with hate and distrust
This election wouldn't even be close
God knows John carries not the answer to this nation's woes his legislative record of one can call it that would in the best of times
Where nothing more than an asterisk in the history of the US Senate
But this is hardly the best of times and carry through no accomplishment of his own
Finds himself locked in a dead-heat battle for the presidency because many Americans hate Bush so much
They're willing to rest the future of the nation on a lackluster liberal who never saw political position
He couldn't change
This is the dilemma we face in two weeks the choice between a reckless zealot
Who's led this country to award can't win and a wish he was she opportunist who could lead a pack of cubs cuts
I don't know her night camping trip
If you think this ain't much of a choice you're right as campaign
2004 winds down a mercant face of future that's cursed with four years of more of the same or more of the unknown
Bush is the great divider a madman whose policies and actions have ripped this country apart
The architect of the most divisive or since Vietnam the highest deficits in the history and administration who's lies dwarf
Even those of our last great pervericator William Jefferson Clinton
Carry unfortunately isn't a man on a white horse riding into save the day
Given Bush's record a chimpanzee with an IQ of a two-minute egg could be leading the polls by 20 points
I got to read that again. I love that. It's great. Love it
Given Bush's record a chimpanzee with an IQ of a two-minute egg could be leading the polls by 20 points
But carries many missteps and vacillating positions on issues leaves one wondering how he even got into Yale much less graduated
This is a race between dumb and dumber numb nuts and dim dimwit tweedle d and tweedle dumb
The only difference between carries campaign in a cubscot pack is that cubscotts at least have adult leadership
And the only difference between the Bush administration and the same pack is that cubscotts don't have heavy artillery
So what's a voter to do come November 2nd which will need to us most walk into the voting both the maker decision
Dan good question with two weeks to go
I still don't know who I'm going to vote for or even if I've got a vote
The future of this nation could well depend on the decision all of us makes on that day
Yet I can't help feeling any decision is fruitless because the mess of this country this country faces is beyond repair
At least by anybody on the current presidential ballot either way we're screwed says dogtops. How do you like that?
It's a little bit too honest for most folks, but that's the problem with the two party system it blows it sucks
So why don't you support me?
Oh man, Democrats afraid it will work
Yeah
Talk about it all
I think that was native on the phone before I was going about that bit
The call back the second time I was caught off before I can't I think somebody on a slit the
Fan belt the 65 Corvera that'll teach him
old koot
Four minutes till noon at 560 wqm hell you horse racing fans and poker players
Pompato Park racing and poker is just a gambling action you're looking for plunger guts out
They're located a half a mile from both i95 and a Florida turnpike
Pompato Park is easy to get to invest of all Pompato Park features free admission and free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Friday and Saturday
Poker starts in noon goes until midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 p.m. Friday and Saturday
Airby Wednesday Friday and Saturday the poker room features tournament action with special Texas hold them and seven card stud tournaments starting at noon
And then it goes on about this Saturday October 9th
So you don't have any new copy here Troy you idiot this Saturday October 9th
I'll be out of well. They don't have that no more that pathetic
Pompato Park is also open for summer casting air bday seven days and nights a week with the best in harness racing
Through a red highlight action from all across north america for you to watch and plunge on
Pompato Park located at a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the current racing schedule
Please go online at Pompato Park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2
2000 because Troy is busy being a celebrity now
Pompato Park horsepower you can plunge your guts on
New Rogers
exclusive
On 5.60
This is mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Like William Hilden said to Diana. Let's just say f you too honey
And that's where I throw a strat for without the honey port. Yeah, if you try
He just he just ended you this a new copy from Pompato Park in the floor in there
I remember seeing something like that on the floor this morning and I thought you found it on the flow
That's where I found it. Well, that's a good place for if I could there were people in here last night
You know that could have been moved around. Yeah, that's right. There were people in there just
Absolutely the basing our studio down there. That's really sad
Anyway, this Friday in Saturday night at Pompato Park the hundred thousand dollar finals of the Florida sunshine
stakes for two and three years old
What I just say two and three year olds and this Saturday there's a free concert at Pompato Park starting at seven o'clock
featuring the best rolling stones tribute band in the country
Satisfaction plus the Murmup band is store modders doing their tribute to the doors
And if that isn't good enough don't forget to mark your counters now because before you know with the first freeze
Begetti dinner night of the season take place at Pompato Park on Monday
December 6th or right it on your sleeve on your rest on your tombstone
Monday December 6th, okay. Sorry about that dick, but we got it all in there
Want to get Dick Fyneberg. I'll bend out a shape. Okay. We got to hang on to everybody. We got you know what I mean? All right
Hang on by our thumb and as far as the Dick Fyneberg's concert he also urges a VS vote. Please on
On amendment four and just like the spot we just had this time there's no another scrap about well
It's gonna replace somebody other funny. This is on top of whatever funny. You're spending on education
That's guaranteed it's written right into the amendment and there's no way to circumvent it like with a phony below any lottery
Lottery's really a good bet
Anyway
Here's the facts from Jason who says I voted yesterday. No problems pine island and barbie polar bar
Let me say it again go to nearrojers.com
Erics done a fabulous job if you want to know where to vote and
Click on the thing there. He's got the map and all of the sites the locations. It's a excellent job. Eric. It's about time
Anyway, pine island and barbie he voted 40 minutes total even some of the poll workers knew what was going on
Which is a shock some of the ones under 100 it said votes are stored locked up and under a video until November 1st
No pre-county
Two I'm still going to wait on a lesson day in my polling place to make sure my name is off the registration
Have you voted early? I think it's a good way to double check that your vote was counted and three went to the carry rally at CB
Smith Park 15,000 people their carry was great and Bobby Graham was great and that's great station thanks for the good news
There is some good news there we now and then
As opposed to some of the negative re turds that we got there in saw florida turds
You turd that's the word
567 05 60 check you're right. I got a huge pile, you know
Yeah, I could have been on Howard's contest. I'm sorry. I remember he had that hammered contest
Oh, yeah, I got a lot of these important calls in man. That's the meat and potatoes the bread and butter the peanut butter and jelly
pound five sixty only for rising and singular wireless lines WQA and hello
Neil God. Yes, sir speaking. Hey, I just want to report that I go to this morning at
a camera library at
How commercial and pile island and there was about a amount of 15 minute wait
But as a light move very quickly and the poll workers were competent. They were
The guy who was actually, you know, once you presented your credentials the guy who was actually putting people up to the
Machines was very very good. He was excellent at the murder and once in another I voted yes on them and for
Good and of course, you know voted for
The person who's going to be the next president of the United States John Kerry
And I would do everybody else to consider voting early it really does you know remove the
The possibility of having crowded and and huge lines, you know on the actual election
I think it's a great idea plus it plus I think it creates a lot of
Advance excitement you know when you have two solid weeks and and then a lot of a lot of people when there's only one day to vote
They find excuses, you know, they can't get out of work or there's too much traffic
They've got every million excuses now. I think you get big turnout. Thank you
Exactly. Thanks Neil. Thank you. Good job. Very good. It's a good job
We did it all the way around. He voted yes on prop 4. He voted for Kerry and it's part of the article
I read by Doug Thompson and I agree with most of what he put in there
But the fact of the matter is you got it you got a choice
I mean one of these people is going to be the president the next four years and
Kerry's got to be light years ahead. I mean
Is there any contest?
Is it even close?
But with an intellect the man who you know had some balls a man who went and served for his country while the other one was draft
I'd you go with his heartless vice president who's busy. I only pick it on Mary Mary. He's a thicc and they're picking on Mary. Yeah
They keep showing a clip by the way the interview with him and his wife when he was the one that brought it up in the first place
months ago back in April
About how his daughter is a lesbian and it's well known that she's a gay
Leadership but that's why he disagrees with Bush on the anti gay marriage amendment and people ought to be able to do whatever
The hell they want and that's okay for him to say it. It was okay for John Edwards to say it
But now because they had nothing else
That's what they're reduced to when he's last two weeks is here's this guy who's so liberal misjudgements by stubbornness and
On one hand and then on the other hand we got they called my daughter would die. Can that that's it?
That's a hell of a after four years in office those are two fantastic things to really be running on
He's a bad man. He's too freaking liberal. Oh there's Bubba out the bubble is gonna campaign with uh
Carry and Philadelphia next week. Did you see that I did and it's good. He's coming from Chapacua. He's gonna crank up his heart
He's gonna steal the Chinese pacemaker just in case
Somebody Q a and hello
Yes, sir. Oh, man, I can't believe I got you. Okay. I got four things first of all real
Four things huh
All right, four things number one. Uh, tell George or you yourself because he the movie saved. It's really it's gonna take it back to you
Uh, nothing but good things about it. Yeah, it will be a second off saved
It's gonna be very good. Yes, but many more. She's awesome. And number two
Um, you gotta talk about amendments amendment three because I'm studying to be a nurse and you have to talk about it
It doesn't very important for the healthcare very important number three. I saw of
Well, what do you mean is very important for healthcare? What does that mean? Well if if they keep
Suing for a lot of money then then a lot of nurses are gonna aren't gonna be around and doctors are gonna be you know
I'm gonna have a lemon three about the uh, yeah, I know which one it is independent
The one that's proposed by the Florida Medical Association, right right? Okay, uh number three
Hi, turn hype 9-11. It's all about the bulls
Schmidt. Yeah. Yeah, and number four keep going with it brother. Keep going. Hang by the way my brother will you your game
Oh, Holy, oh, by the way
Yeah, I know her. I know that one
5-6-7-05-60 pound 5-60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
I'm telling you this early voting thing Florida. We're gonna have 50 million people vote of course
We don't have nearly that many living in the state but that's okay. So anyway. Yes. I digested the amendments and here it is
You want it? What do you mean you digest it? I read the whole thing. What it's about
Wait, which one all of them?
Are you already facts me that no? No, no, but I I went through and uh and here's the here's the rundown if you want to be real quick about it
Okay, go ahead no one one
No on two
No on three
Yes on four you're gonna get our Julio friend there upset we said no on three right no on three right yes on four
No, wait a minute. What's oh four yes far as the uh the money for education the slots
Yes on five, which is the guaranteed minimum wage amendment which only brings floor all that does is bring Florida up to standard with federal law
Right so that people can get minimum wage in Florida who don't normally
Yes on six, which is repeal that really silly
high-speed reel the bullet train oh, but we love the bullet. What's the bit we got on that? What is that called?
Oh, I don't know it's a book of rendez I know what is it called as I love that he'll tell me he'll tell me
Okay, after the seven second delay yes on six you we already did that yes on seven and yes on eight
Seven is the patients right to know about adverse medical incidents. That's correct. They do have the right to know
Yes, they do and so yes on seven and eight
The public protection from repeated medical malpractice. So obviously the answer on it is yes. Yes. Okay
Says current law allows medical doctors who've committed repeated malpractice to be licensed to practice medicine in Florida
Guess what I don't think so
So they want to change that which just makes a little bit of sense to me
This amendment prohibits medical doctors have been found out committed three or more incidents of medical about practice for big license to practice medicine in Florida
Unless they came from Cuba with phony ID
Is there a week that goes by that we don't find that there's somebody who's either practicing dentistry right
Uh cosmetic surgery or open heart surgery. Yeah, who's not a brain surgery right not a real doctor. I kept an up
I'll be there. I wonder if they're doing lobotomies. We could show you some help of QAM
WQAM. Hello
Maybe we can get a group rate QAM. Hello
Not there WQAM. Hola
Hi, we sir. We're having a challenge. Oh
Well, he gets on shorter and shorter every time you know what just amazing WQAM. Hello
Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good. How are you doing?
Good. Just want to give you a great comment on that article. You just read by who bitch at Thompson. It wasn't dark Thompson
Can you put that on your website and if not, word I find it. It's on there. Or it's on there now. Yep. Perfect. I'm good job. Thank you
It's on there. And so it goes to show you even though it rips carry and bush equally and ass
We just don't put articles on it. I'm actually most of the articles that we put on there are pro carry and ripping bush and ass
Well deserved
But I read that thing and I thought well, it I certainly agree with most of what he's saying there. It's a pretty a peep poor choice
We can't even say the first part of the peep award there because joyously it all bad out of shape. We don't want to give joyous a choice
But it's the best we got. I still say I don't care what anybody says forget about the uh
Whatever the hell you said with the IQ of a uh symbol
But I still say there was the man right there and they made damn sure that he didn't have a China-man chance in hell bullet train
Is that what it's called? Yeah, I love that bit. How long is it?
I can see how long was it? They all it's about a minute
All about ten minutes
Sure, I'll just take the bullet train
Now you can travel from the west to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet train
Thanks to your well-wisher's landslide boat
Now I'll put in the bullet train for y'all who's drunk just a pop uh and oh
Come on guy
Why just take the monorail for some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa
This game day
Where you can explore the tropical battery areas made entirely of kiobang duet
Your hold of confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off
Take the Florida bullet train
We travel information on the Florida bullet train call
Wait a minute. Wait
Where's that article?
I
Don't want to tell them it's on there and then find out we didn't put it on there. We put it on there, Josh. Yes, I'm there
Um
Ain't much of a choice by Doug Thompson. It's right on earth sound way down
We got a whole bunch of articles on there today and much to Josh's dismay, but nevertheless it is on there down the list
1213 at 560 wqm right now
I'd like to tell you about our good friends over at guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach with over
275 different mortgage programs available to them
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is
Recently they helped out red listener virus who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home
Not only were they able to qualify him
They were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get and they were closely with him to determine
Which one was best and then they made it happen that's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach you can call them toll free
1 800 734
66 16 when they looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate or one or many low rated justable mortgages
guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach has exactly what you'll be needing
The offer payments as low as three hundred and thirty two bucks for every hundred thousand dollars you borrow folks
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach can make it happen for you too
And not only will they do that, but they'll even send you on a cruise too
That's correct after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach
You'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers
So call them right now toll free
1 800 734
66 16 whether you want to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage
These are the folks you want to be doing business with call 1 800 734
66 16 or on the wicked web you'll find them at guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach where they'll treat you just like family call them at
734
66
86
WQ
and
now this is
now
 ah now on this segment of the
Al Franken show for the benefit of my audience. That means all of you out there. I will attempt
to fold balloons into the shape of animals. Now can we have the atmosphere?
Now you'll be amazed at how realistic balloon animals can be. Now does not
resemble a poodle or a doxan. I'll let the audience decide. Give me a call to
carry your thoughts on this and engage in open conversation. Now what did they call this thing again?
A log. Okay. We have a hard break or is this a software break? Oh now I'll never know.
Wow 20 past 9 at 5.60 W.A.M. How can we compete with that? Oh there's no hope. I know.
Wait until you hear this story. This one is going to set you topsy to her. Maybe you're going to love this.
You're going to go crazy. I want to put my pants back on. Bush relatives use website to show support for carry.
Okay. Six. Six blood relatives of President Bush who support John Kerry's bid for the presidency
have launched a website to publicize their sharp disagreements with Bush's policies. The site.
Double it and we can put a link on our website to it. Okay. In fact, I would strongly recommend that.
Okay. Bush relatives for carry.com. Pretty easy right? Okay. W.A.W. Bush relatives for carry.com
consists of personal statements from a group of decidedly liberal second cousins of the President
none of whom knows him personally all our grandchildren of Mary Bush House the sister of Prescott Bush
that Nazi the former US senior senator from Connecticut and the father and grandfather of the
two Bush presidents. The introduction of the site opens with a slogan because blood is thicker
than oil in states as the election approaches we feel it's our responsibility to speak out about
why we're voting for John Kerry and to do our small part to help America heal from the sickness
it suffered since George Bush was appointed president in 2000. We invite you to read our stories
and please don't vote for our cousin. Hillary House no relation to former Tiger catcher Frank House.
Hillary House 39 a 30 year law student at the University of Washington put together the site with
participation of three or six siblings Sheila House Tracy Cannon and Chris House. Oh let's take
it to the house. Before our children of Mary Bush is son Francis House the turret now deceased
who taught English at a prep school in Connecticut. It was the first president former president George
a Herbert Walker Bush Genie House and Henry Kimsey House two children and other Mary's another
of Mary's sons James House also provided pro-carry testimonials. The website was put up independent
of the curry campaign Hillary House said adding that an email she's into the campaign about a month
to go ahead and been answered. Kerry campaign officials in Washington state and Washington DC said
they were unaware of the site Leah Yoon spokeswoman for the Bush Cheney campaign in Washington state
to find a comment about the site. They're entitled their opinions as American citizens as she said
the Audi Audi spoke to them for the Republican National Committee. Hillary House said she got the
idea for the site when she heard that Genie House a past-run Wisconsin had briefly spoken to the
Massachusetts senator at a curry event after he noticed her waving a Bush relative for Kerry's
according to Hillary and her sister Sheila 49 a mental health counselor in Harwich,
Mayes when Genie explained the House family connection to the Bushes and said they were an
unblust enthusiastic about voting for Kerry the Democratic nominee jokingly suggested they
start a website. Genie House declined a comment and her statement on the site she denounces what
she describes as Bush's imperialist cabal and stated that her understanding of Christianity based
on a concern for peace and social justice was not compatible with the more conservative brand of
Christianity embraced by the right wing lunatic president. All the House family members writing on
the site are sharply critical of the president. Hillary House said she didn't feel comfortable
telling friends and acquaintances of her family connection to the president given his conservative
views until putting up the website which was completed about a week ago. I was very quiet about
my family relationships she said I was really really embarrassed to be related to the president.
How do you like that? And who the hell can blame that? Lamer. That poor nice lady. We're going to
say bitch. So there you go that's excellent be it we got that honor yet within minutes.
Relatives for Kerry whatever the hell was calm. Smirking chimpy whatever. Now Pat Robertson was out
with Paul Azon last night. I was unfortunate enough to see that for about three minutes in between
any of the baseball game and I saw that the grinning goon ball on there and I thought to myself
what the hell are they dragged his ass out there for again but it turns out that it was a good
thing they dragged his ass out you want to know why? Why? Pat Robertson says Bush told me there would
be no casualties in Iraq. Yeah he warned Bush of the toll in Iraq and the president's response
were not going to have any a war where nobody's going to die. How do you like that? Not that this
president don't know nothing about not that he's a chicken hawk right the founder of US Christian
coalition said yesterday he told president Bush before the invasion of Iraq that he should prepare
Americans for the likelihood of casualties but the president told him we're not going to have any
casualties not even a Abu Gharram not even there Pat Robertson and ardent Bush supporter said he
had that conversation with the president Nashville Tennessee before the March 2000s re invasion
he described Bush in the meeting as the most self-assured man I've ever met in my life
you remember Mark Twain said he looked like a contented Christian with four aces I mean he was
just sitting there like I'm on top of the world Robertson said on the Paul Azon now show and I
warned him about this war I had deep misgivings about this war deep deep misgivings and I was
trying to say Mr. President you better prepare the American people for casualties Robertson said
the president then told him oh no we're not going to have any casualties the number by the way
last time I checked was 113 well God told them there wouldn't be any right well God lies because
God also I remember a month ago told Pat that the election was going to be a blowout he mentioned
this last night now he says it's going to be nip and tuck tight tight as to which his ass that's
what he said Robertson the telephansionist who sought to be public and presidential nomination
in 1988 city wishes Bush would admit the mistakes made I mean the Lord told me was going to be
a disaster and be messy Robertson said meaning the war I warned him about casualties how do you
like that I'm going to read those two sentences again 100 US troops have died another 8,000
been wounded in the ongoing campaign with a casualty told significantly increasing last six
months as the insurgency there has deepened asked why Bushes refused to admit mistakes
on Iraq Robertson said I don't know this politics game you know you can never say you were wrong
because the opposition grabs on to it see he admitted he screwed up you just can't do that
even Pat Robertson says we're dealing with a dumber all of course he supports an enthusiast
right because God forbid he should port a liberal senator from Massachusetts right right
26 past no to 5 16 WQ it's good thing we had that extra 15 or 20 minutes today because I got a
lot of crap here man got crap up to my earlobes including the one from Rolling Stone that I like
the best help I'm stone who should I vote for I should move that up on the pile you know yeah you
said I should I moved that up during the lunch hour to be perfect we did we get that on there by
the way Josh Josh yeah it's going on right now it's going on right now help I just don't
know if I vote for he didn't tell what was going on huh what's going on right now Josh is going
on right now going up I'll see the problem with it is it's 45 pages long and I didn't obviously
print out the only the first part that I wanted on there the first two pages so that might
have thrown you a little bit off but nevertheless he'll let's check it out and he will get that on
there trust me 27 past noon at 5 60 WQM with all the hurricane mess we had in September Armstrong
Florida homestead must clear out all remaining O-force to make room for the 2005 you'll save
lots of expeditions crown fixed tors as focuses mustangs to every O-force on the lot every single
one at Armstrong Florida homestead has been drastically reduced and you will literally save
thousands plus Armstrong Ford offers lots more to its loyal customers when you buy a Ford from
Armstrong Ford you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct
tires and batteries for life the value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't even stop there because
right now they're giving you a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you'd be buying if you've
been wanting a new car but putting it off wait no longer because David Rich and the staff at
Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price and don't forget to look at the
on to operate they'll treat you just like family no bait and switch no BS no hiding your keys credit
cards all that stuff no phony deals just the best prices in town Armstrong Florida homestead 307 25
South Dixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 check them on at wicked way with Armstrong
cars dot common and drive a little and save a ton of thousands on that new Ford only from Armstrong
Ford of homestead
they tell you this country where the gun's a bit good
the restaurant has some he want to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of
smoke smoke
smaker doesn't need any foreign aid a man again tourists come here and say got nothing like this
in the US they smoke smoke gun just smoke smoke they light up the split and talk
they begin to pop and choke smoke gun just smoke smoke alright the gun to be good
bar
I'm gonna tell us on you are at a stop man you like to smoke the giant slip whenever you can
are you sure many people coming here for miles around
to bite the earth for you bite the ounce and they're here
rastamans say to her how are you right they can't you be good tonight and then they smoke
smoke gun just smoke smoke they light up the split and choke smoke gun just smoke smoke smoke gun just smoke smoke smoke
smoke they can't you be good
619 votes on a poll
job on
which of these are groups bugs you the most
we deal with people as individuals don't know that's right uh born again Christians 212
winning hands down I mean there's nothing even close to them they're obnoxious and disgusting
and try to always push it off on you and the stick it and etc just take it and uh take it back home
and leave us alone okay just take over like Dorothy Coder somewhere get out of our face
who are you belong republicans 96 I hate everybody 61
uh Cuban 60 dumb people 31 Haitians 24 I like everybody 21 so you see that I
want to take care of the African-Americans 20 New Yorkers 19 Jews 19 French Canadian 17 they are
oh man are they disgusting you think the French Canadians said well I guess they come from
Quebec oh brother 20 a couple weekends ago I went to Montreal to the casino great casino
beautiful place and it reminded me of South Florida beautiful place but just the wrong people there
great place horrible people anyway French Canadian 17 rednights 15 Muslims 14 Catholics 5
and Jamaicans only a five mind well that's because they don't want to piss off their drug dealers
speaker to that well this is a great fact from Andy which I'll get to eventually in a couple
minutes to read it yes I did pretty good stuff oh and how come it is that you remember before
the award they were saying oh well we got to be very careful because uh Saddam is going to
attack our troops he's going to use those chem as they get closer to Baghdad they're going to get
attacked with those chemical and biological weapons remember that right and then there was this
great shock about oh gee that didn't happen why because he didn't have any oh Connie lies oh see
they're in that up again they already found everybody whipped up into a frenzy oh Saddam's
going to gas our troops and he's going to use those chemical and biological weapons as he gets
desperate in order to well guess what he didn't have you commanders were off run anyway this is
from a rolling stone and the reason I guess we didn't get see Josh as we threw you the other
story just read about the bush world is getting on their good job but I was talking about the
help I'm stone who should I vote for from high times oh no that didn't go on there that was uh
the link you sent to me it was weird yeah well the problem is it's 45 pages and I guess you have
no way of extracting like the first two pages out of that and cutting it off at that yeah good call
so I'll just read the first two pages how's that fair enough or I'll just read all 45 I didn't
I just print it out the first two it's the important part says who help I'm stone who should I vote
for a short answer John Kerry long answer if you like the job George W Bush is doing his president
you should go ahead and vote for him but if you ask high times that's a bad idea we think he lied
about a rack being a war of last resort and that's too big a lie to let pass now maybe you have
faith in the president and don't think he would lie about a war fair enough but first stop and think
about America's other war the one we're fighting in losing in Columbia the one that targets
and arrests cancer patients at gunpoint the one that's filling out filling our for-profit prisons
the one that's denying first offense nonviolent postmokers college loans the one we know to be
nothing but a big lie a lie that's going bigger and bigger since Nixon first took it as part of
his election campaign in 68 the war on drugs let's say it plain the war on drugs is bullshit and
a barically shea now more than ever the war on drugs is bullshit every dollar the Bush
administration is spent on television ads blaming postmokers for 9.11 or paying Tommy Chong's rent
is one dollar less spent to secure a port put body armor on a soldier hunt down or some have been
logged in this seems obvious until you remember that the drug war is not about reality it's not
about winning everyone knows it can't be won but it can continually sustain the drug warriors
people like Bush's drugs are John Walters who consistently claims that marijuana is more dangerous
than heroin in the 1980s junk area exposed the hypocrisy of these drug warriors while serving
on the center for relations commission he headed an investigation that turned up extensive evidence
of drug deals involving the CIA and the contra rebels in Nicaragua evidence that pointed directly
to the drug farms hostages scheme at the heart they ran contra scandal carry wasn't afraid to take
on the dirty dealers who won our nation's corrupt drug war just as he took on the corrupt
masters of war in the Pentagon after returning from duty in Vietnam and in the other corner
wearing red trunks we have George W. Bush who took the easy way out of name supporting the war
he would let someone else fight with little help from daddy's friends after securing W. Aspart
in the Champaign unit of the Texas National Guard Bush's father would go on to head the CIA during
its freewheeling seventies days of military coups and international narcotics dealing and was
promoted device president by the time the agency's contra connection was exposed by John Kerry
meanwhile Bush Jr. spent the first half of the 80s getting wasted perhaps on some of his father's
contra coke and the second half letting daddy's rich friends bail him out of failed businesses and
making him managing general partner the Texas Rangers now he's our president last year seven hundred
thousand people arrested for pot in the U.S. and Bush's justice department continued to raid
state sanctioned medical marijuana gardens at gunpoint John Kerry has promised to end the raids on
medical marijuana gardens immediately it will have a policy toward marijuana and other drugs that
makes sense the alternative four more years of Bush's continuing disaster for the rights of
pot smokers many other Americans but don't take our word for it and then it's got a link to other
articles for example uh carries marijuana experiment the democratic presidential nominees be
sat in support of a groundbreaking proposal from the University of Massachusetts and was to grow
marijuana for FDA for medical marijuana research uh John Kerry to Rolling Stone September 2003 said
I've met plenty of people in my lifetime who've used marijuana about the same amount of some people
drink beer or wine or have a cocktail I don't get too excited by any of that Kenneth Straub former
director of normal says there was no question that marijuana reform policies would be better served
with someone else in office other than George Bush Ethan Neville and executive director of the drug
policy alliances when it comes to the drug war the Bush administration is a disaster the marijuana
policy project who graded Kerry a minus on marijuana policy said Kerry would stop the DEA raids on
seriously ill medical marijuana patients as president Kerry has previously said he favors federal
legislation to allow people with cancer aids and other serious illnesses to have medical marijuana
with their doctors approval normal dot org says as a senator Kerry has been supportive of state
wild medical marijuana reform efforts in his home state of Massachusetts he praised legislation
approved by the Massachusetts legislature in 96 that sought to establish a medical i'm a
medicinal marijuana therapeutic research program and most recently wrote a letter to the DEA in
support of a University of Massachusetts emers proposal to manufacture marijuana for FDA approved
medical marijuana we said it goes on and on on on high times dot com if you want to look up the
articles 45 pages long high times dot com got it i got it i'm sure you do you are listening to
me evil neo-rotters exclusively on five six eight and Bush I guess not I supported Bush after that
project day I'm too much a prize disgusting shame he let the soldiers and the lady get away
and shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein we're up to piling high back
they're not the ones for what happens what's going on with this stuff we're up to piling high back
people's cultures are having fun as we spread freedom to the point of our
freedom we believe he's sending our kids to die and we're doing my words to support this guy
in advanced state of stifles must be the reason why they believe George William is Jesus Christ
we're up you piling high back yeah not the ones who are down what's going on with this
right back we're up to piling high rock boy George what do you hate so many big patients
you know it's hard work it's hard work everybody knows it's hard work we've got a lot of hard work
I see on the TV screens how hard it is yeah I uh
they just got a fades off into a netherland 1246 that was for George because you liked it so much
the first time that's great anyway uh I just mentioned this for anybody out there who is thinking
of voting for Ralph Nader don't in 2000 in the state of Florida Ralph Nader got 97,488 votes
Bush allegedly won when they stopped the count at 537 okay Nader got 97 out of the percentages
in Florida in 2000 because they pulled the Nader people 47% of the people said if they didn't vote
for Nader they would have voted for Gore 21% for Bush and 30% said they wouldn't have voted at all
does it take a genius to figure out that at two thirds of the votes that who went to Nader that's
uh be 60,000 is a little more than 537 that Gore would have won Florida by a landslide and
in this year's polling so far without Nader on the ballot those people who plan on voting for Nader
51% said they would prefer Kerry 23% said Bush and 25% said they wouldn't vote at all if Nader
weren't on the ballot so the same thing's going to happen again possibly and very probably very
likely if you idiots go out there see you know those people are just like Nader himself that's why
they were late to because they're stubborn they're like stubborn mules rhymes with fools
here's a fact from JP lawyer listener who says as we sit in our churches on Sunday from the
pulpit comes a booming voice espousing all the reasons why George W. Bush is the candidate for
Christians and the Christian churches all over this country every single Sunday the defense for
the war in Iraq is it will spread Christianity throughout the world and you notice there wasn't too
long before we got in there that we had our gechkees going over there already I know yeah the missionaries
who spent a lot of time in the missionary position anyway JP says I've had a Christian on my whole
life and I am today but if the God that I worship approves of killing women children and elder men
not to mention Americans and if that got approves of removing fathers from their children sons from
their mothers and husbands from their wives for the sole purpose of spreading Christianity in the
Middle East and that's not my God it's truly sad to watch these poor soul sitting in the
pews on Sunday clapping and approving the words that come from a simple man's mouth religion is
crept into their souls and distracted their capacity to think for themselves read study exploring
you'll find that no God approves of this madness wake up Christians and smell the crusades
when asked to name one single thing Bush has done for the good of the whole of this country the
church going a bush supporting Christian darted the L darted forward in the old this is a war
about spreading the word of those who need it most dear God I pray you don't bless this crusade says
JP dear God I gotta get a hold of that one of these days
the else huh I could email it to you yeah email it what am I gonna do with it then
but that's right we should have we should have what's his name fix it come up here I'll burn
in mess up my board no thanks and the facts as it says hey Neil I'm sending you this fact to
inform you of a conversation I head with my father-in-law he's the type of person who sits in front of
the couch all day and watch his television that's basically his only source of entertainment since
he doesn't lift a finger if early all day as a result he watches Fox News all day long oh my God
I had a conversation last night with him and he asked me who I was voting for which left me
quite bitter once we were done these Republicans are so blind to the idea of George Bush and his
Nazi regime that they live by it and swear by it if George Bush were to say I'm gonna end the
world tomorrow because it's good for all Americans most Republicans would say you know what good idea
they don't think their machines with the ignorance button jammed all this man was talking to me about
the whole time was how great George Bush is and how John Kerry's a communist were Cubans so that
topic always comes up with any democratic president for some reason he said that if John Kerry
were elected Fidel Castro would rule down A1A with a fat cigar in his mouth with no worries at
least we get about a cube anyway which in reality boggles the mind how someone can actually
think like that he was also stating that it's the right thing to send all our troops to Iraq because
we're defeating terrorism that way when in reality the troops should have spent more time here
protecting our home then go off and fight for a pointless cause he kept repeating how we should
keep sending American after American to Iraq to get the job done basically till the Iraq comes
round to him there's nothing better than that there is no other way for these people they have
simplistic mouse-like minds with no real capacity to think for what will truly benefit the greater good
it's sad how all Republicans have forgotten the real reason why we're at war we're at war because
we have to defeat the terrorists who attacked our homeland or some of it not said I'm
saying his weapons of mass destruction is our recall we were when we were part of the Gulf war we
took down almost every Iraqi plane they owned almost every bit of our timber was destroyed so what
threat what weapons of mass destruction the nerve gas used on his people well good because he's not
the only dictator of a country who did that stuff to his people plus don't forget Andy we give him
the gas in the first place we encourage them there are plenty of these dictators I was trying to get
all these points across that it was worthless we need to listen to them because they won't listen
to us we are weak bushes strong there was no whole ps uh he's an atheist
his father-in-law is an atheist atheist for Bush that's like Jews for Bush that's like
starches for David Duke yay for Bush yeah that's that's like fags for what's the guy out in
Topeka Kansas Fred Phillips yeah hey listen to you don't kind of pizza he likes the best
I give up tombstone oh I'm reading too much but I'm enjoying it I'm just foaming at the mouth you go girl
okay we could take a few calls if we had any but they're too busy either mesmerized we got more
in this uh huh we got that one there yeah but that's line six you know what that is QAM hello
oh was there any doubt I mean it's only 20 minutes I've been reading all this stuff or a half an
hour maybe and this one bozers like ring and ring who else would be on there
a retard you know mental measure by the way how's the pros tax of block coming sweetheart
five six seven oh five sixty pound five I don't hear hardly any women at all now I don't know how
your week went last week when I was on vacation they're like two or three you know yeah they're
they're just gone I don't know what the deal is with that maybe they're all busy organizing
protest or something I don't know what they do remember back during the alien days I keep
thinking about that that was hate let's have another pot luck supper to plan our strategy or
strategy for what for a freight and Cubans that was incredible well at least it gave him his
cousin something to do anyway let's have a barbecue and right hey there you go WQAM hello
hello but I hope it circumspect yes sir either and I just left an early polling right yes
and um my first question was could you go anywhere you wanted to vote the counting as they told me
yeah so I was a way to an hour and a half of that right but they gave you the sample ballot that
explains all the amendments so you're just surprised when you walk in there right and that people
should do their homework before they walk in otherwise they're going to be a token forever in a day
to vote I think I think everybody you know who really wants to vote should go by one day pick this
up take it home and study then go and make it educated right that that's right because it's like
they got to go through the track it opens the racing form in front of the teller with 30 seconds
to post time and he's studying the form you know you should do your homework ahead of time so when
you go in it's like one two three and that's what we'll make this a little bit is she
on here but most of this until the week just leading up to be that was not there but just just
little minor mistakes like that you know you can see how you complete a computer blitz glitches by
those old bitches you know computer bitches WQAM hello Neil God yes sir I just left the Brauer
County Courthouse where they have really voting going there right they are out the door voting must
be 3035 people online and lots of carried buttons and supporters being passed out there you got to
pray did you vote on number four part four which ones have been said the gambling yeah I want every
kind of gambling possible okay our kind of guy thanks a lot pal it good yeah I mean this
business a while gambling is even we got I've told you this before it's so stupid we got
every kind of gambling in Florida I don't think there's any other state in the country that's got
as many different forms of gambling yeah of per mutuals you got dog racing out high lie you got
harness racing through but racing all of these things plus you got the Indians there with their
casinos rake it in the dough and again we're not getting any of that and not always education
not getting any of it the state isn't benefiting a way shape or form from that they're rake it in
money hand over a fist over lip wrist so let's get with it yes I'm prompt four and certainly no
in spite of our good young friend of call before I hit our nurse friend yeah just vote no like
oh the doctor you are listening to Neil Roger sorry doctor
baby yes this is general Richard Myers oh hi general how can I help you today
now look oh we got some pictures coming out the department and a fan would like CBS not to show
those on national tell me well mr. you would have his heart set on showing that piece this
would I understand that but I'm asking you nicely the first time I'm afraid we can't help you start
just one other thing if you don't mind very much that's it I'd like to hear the Neil Rogers one to two
hour on the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next
however long until she shocks you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today
everyone in the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver
everybody gets a liver tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new
you viola the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey
the next day all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and next
season everybody in the studio audience gets stedmen we don't want to one at five 60 WQM don't
forget to enjoy McGill and Bokobrine five to seven this afternoon for happy hour treasure island
located right off the pulmato just note that the hundred and twenty seconds we'd exit stop
by to win some embarrassingly cheap prizes but check out this waste feature the rift snorten
Stephanie Evans she's the ping pong lady right she launches anything and everything right
Boeing balls watermelons come quads whatever small trucking water also huh yeah and it well you don't
have to go all the way to Yellowstone I guess no rocking the Cuban vote rights Roberto Lovato
Roberto Lovato George W Bush's brand of compassion doesn't see I'm on a rule and I
would all these stories I mean I take any calls this are right to be well I'm sorry I'm just
telling the audience that because you know they give me very upset if I shut them off but I got a
lot of stuff I got an agenda man I got a lot of stuff here well there's that kidnap lady
isn't a rock here in the national has been talking and gave a few more details of how he was
how she was kidnapped yes tonight mirror out there in fact there are a lot of people afraid to even
go outdoors but nevertheless so we're doing a hell of a good job George W Bush's brand of
compassion doesn't please all the florist conservatives these days the limited Spanish proficient
president's message isn't translating very well among Kubano americans even though Bush came to
Miami bearing federal gifts of billions of dollars for storm ravaged residents of the hurricane
state has continued to trumpet his support for the embargo against cashiers Cuba and has been
saucying up his broken English with English speeches with broken Spanish on August 27th in Miami
he said last weekend we're continuing to implement our strategy of la Verda the truth
to see a carry speaking french by the way of that audience of Haitians the other day no he speaks
fluent french I just mentioned that in passing oh he's a breed eating liberal from us the right
that proves it probably eats french fries too and french toast thanks to Bush's man announcement
of new regulations limiting travel between the u.s. and Cuba significant political divisions have
taken root among here to four reliably republican oqb and americans as a consequence of the
free policy changes if reduced by Bush's commission for assistance to a free Cuba Cubans would
grow used to visiting family on the la isla at least once a year can now see the relatives only
once every three years the commission also plays new restrictions on remittances monies family
sent from the u.s. to other countries and change the definition of which family members are eligible
for both visits and remittances dismissing the Latin American sense of family which includes
distant relatives and favorably a more waspish North American one which emphasizes spouses sons
and daughters parents and siblings these policies have divided divided the cuban political family
by dividing the cuban genealogically a genealogical family when the president arrived recently
of iami arena deliver a speech aimed at showing up support among older more conservative cuban
americans greeting him outside were a group of younger highly educated 20 30 and 40 something
cuban American protesters waving american and cuban flags and placards saying Bush don't divide
the cuban family remembers a group such as cuban americans for change which opposes the travel
and remittance restrictions for the same single might in this that has long to find the political
culture said it in fake Spanish colonial streets a little havana for them the family crisis has
a plan to the embargo and as a result the 40 plus a year embargo based unity fostered by aging
ex al patriarcs and ex cia operatives are coming on glued the once monolithic wall of cuban american
politics is cracking can you hear the crack oh is that that was nor smoking the election year
volatility of coyote politics was previewed during the alien ganzales affair which galvanized bush
and goryling cubans around the old guard republican embargo politicos to help bush to victory in 2000
but the alien saga was only the most public seen in a political drama that will reach its climax
when u.s born cubans and those who migrated after 1980 come to full political maturity as they
register and voted the next decade it's already clear that the division between those who wanted
to find the cuban family by continuing and tightening the embargo and those cuban americans wanting
to unite the family by removing the embargo is permanent unlike the once-emovable institutions that
built cuban american power the cuban american national foundation was once the star chamber of
mimie politics back when it housed the desk of late jore hey mascarosa who's destroyed into the
white house and helped shape u.s policy around cuban the rest of latin america mascarosa also
held a hand in selecting people for crucial positions from local and state officials to the
head of the powerful latin american desk of the state department today castrow foe jogar cia
former head and current member of c a n f outlines the new contours of kai ocho real politic
we're not single issue anymore and we care much more about uh things just than the embargo
carcise has been outspoken about what he feels is the short-sightedness of the bush of
administrations cuban policies i think that what bush has done best is to refine how he says
viva cuba liberate in order to produce a short-term psychological effect that inspires people
like by grandmother who is displaced from her home displaced from her family displaced from her
culture displaced from her country says and a refrain heard with greater frequency along kai ocho
garci adds unfortunately for the republicans many of us heard this four years ago and know that it
means nothing beyond november changing on kai ocho baby although i would like to see when you
like to see fidel draught alone the a1a with a big fat one in his mouth big fat one
scary young rights in the guardian oh it's that the left wing guardian you know oh yeah
well we're just sending all of that great propagated o'ahio and i hope they continue it
suppressed the vote by any means necessary he says in the sixties police dogs and billet clubs kept
black americans from the polls today's methods are more refined he said there's nothing like
george bush let me try it again there's nothing george bush likes more than extolling the
virtues of democracy in faraway places on october 8th during the second presidential debate he
promised freedom is on the march tomorrow afghanistan will be voting for president apparently some
afghans enjoyed the new freedom so much they voted for the u.s. surrogate hamad karzai several times
over after the ink used to mark powder the voters thumbs were off by the middle of the day all
fifteen of karzai's challenges had withdrawn freedom was not even limping let alone marching today's
election is not a legitimate election said abduals satar sarat actor he and other discontent candidates
had met in his house bush's national security adviser kandaleezza rice new better this election
is going to be judged legitimate she said i'm certain of it when it comes to fixing elections
the bush administration has a way of making the lame walk by monday and exit poll funded by the
west government and conducted by the international republican institute which has licensed the
republican party revealed karzai is a comfortable winner after diplomatic armed twisting by the
west ambassador the fifteen challenges withdrew their withdrawals it was a miracle a few days later
the final presidential debate bush would literally claim divine intervention if at in afghanistan
i believe that the that the freedom there is a gift from the al-mighty he said back in the us
however the al-mighty seems far less generous what she's enthusiastic to export democracies not
match by his desire to defend it at home we just a fortnight to go to the presidential election
efforts to obstruct and deny the vote especially in black and latino voters are intensify
forty years after the civil rights act enshrined the franchise in the constitution of
rafrican americans freedom is being crippled the group most likely to serve in a rakan afghanistan
where they are sensibly are extending democracy and freedom african americans is most likely to be
denied rights here in the u.s there's nothing new in this contradiction in the cold war when the
u.s. lecture the eastern block on the delights of democracy black americans couldn't vote
the issue of disenfranchised disenfranchised it doesn't affect only minorities the use of
electronic voting in many states using machines that leave no paper trail and sent confidence
that a fair election is likely or even possible into free fall once dismissed as the obsession
of conspiracy theorists fear of fraud is now mainstream when your vote be counted as the cover of
this week election protest already started fraud intimidation ledges in key states as the
USA today front page the former employee of a company heard by the republican party to register
voters in a vatis as he was told a throw-debiquette registration forms away and last january the
republican ellen bogged it off on a seat in florida senate by just 12 votes out of almost 11,000
cast according to state law there should have been an automatic recount more over 137 votes emerged
blank but because the voting had been done by machine there was nothing to recount bogged
off the seat the machines will be used the same ones that over a second
sometimes these efforts bear the official imprimatur of local officials given the debacle in
florida four years ago you would think the governor bushes brother jeb would be anxious to ensure
that anyone who wants to can vote and studies introduced rule that registration forms should be
rejected if a citizenship box is not complete even when people have cited oath on the same
form declaring themselves to be US citizens meanwhile all how is republican secretary of state
Kenneth blackwell attended when forced to rule by which only registration cards printed on heavy
80 pound paper stock would be accepted claiming lighter cards might be shredded by postal
equipment meaning that voters who have to re-register on heavier paper might not make it on time
and last summer the chief executive of die bold which makes many of the voting machines said
he was committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to bush
african americans however rainly principal targetly republican campaign to block the voter like
the sixties when black americans were barred from the polls by police dogs water cannons and billy
clubs the means they are more refined occasionally the masked slips in july john poppah george michigan's
republican state legislator till they republican meeting if we do not suppress the Detroit vote
we're gonna have a tough time in a selection cycle Detroit is 83 percent black it doesn't take
a genius to work out whose votes he was keen to suppress so far it's been mainly a mix of petty
harassment and bureaucratic pedantry devised to imitate newly registered and poor voters a huge
proportion of whom are black and latino take florida according to the washington post african americans
and republican run duval county were the most likely to have the registration forms rejected
while rejections for democrats outnumbered republicans by three to one in two thousand forty two
percent of ballots rejected by duval county election board came from mainly black areas in
Ohio mr black well also told election boards that anyone who turned up at the wrong polling station
would not be able to cast a provisional ballot to be verified later the democrats successfully
sued saying that the ruling would disavantage minority and poor voters who tend to move more often
it isn't difficult to fathom what is driving these efforts which are being replicated
throughout the country the best indication of how an american will vote is race more than 80
percent of african americans voted democrat in the last election incapable of persuading them
to vote republican republicans now seek to prevent them from voting democrat this task is become
especially urgent because voter registration recently ended many states revealing that the voter
roles in black and latino where is have swollen and far greater numbers than in republican precincts
between the last election in august this year almost two hundred thousand additional black
voters were registered just in florida so while these attempts are clearly racial in nature
they're essentially partisan and motivation with apologies to amalcom x they're about winning by
any means necessary republicans support democracy when democracy supports republicans but they're
equally happy to do it without would to do without it when it's inconvenient it's always true
abroad for Venezuela and the caragua of pakistan as Saudi Arabia now it's true at home from Detroit
to do while county freedom is on the retreat and the man who was sued off his four years ago thanks
to thousands of distant fries this enfranchised black voters is again leaving the chart
you are listening to new Rogers it's close to 8 a.m
uh
that nice
Oh
and then
I really want to see you on the way to Seoul.
Just where we are we are on the way to Seoul.
Somebody with that name.
The endorsement also will put Schwarzenegger and the state Republican Party, which officially opposes Prop 71.
And perhaps with the Bush administration, which has limited federal funding of the research to pacify the right wing port again, the lunatics, the fetus squeezers, the embryo huggers.
Man. Now what's this?
Well look at that. These are the top advertisers that have ads cushioned around the Sinclair ad.
Why? Do you understand that? I don't know.
Ads cushioned around the Sinclair show that they're going to show Friday night on the most not all of their affiliates by the way they're going to carry it.
Most now. They're back and off like they're backpittling like crazy. Hit them in the pocketbook maybe and they weren't like hell.
Let's see. Arbise. What else? Circuit City.
Full Mar Gunn and Pond in Tennessee. Hannah for Supermarket.
He's in Portland. Huh? Some of these are for local.
Right. I understand. Homemakers, Fredrician, Des Moines, I am pet food and Dayton.
But I am as a national product once upon a child. When Mark Minneapolis, most of you, Flint, Michigan right away.
I bet you. And Flint, Michigan, I bet you Michael Moore's bill excited about that.
You ask cellular. Oops. And that's not ours. No. And Watson's in Kansas City.
That's interesting. The only problem is most although maybe we want to put that on here so people can click on these links.
It has links to the one to that. I can do that.
So people can let them know how disgusted and grotesque enough so they are all though again. We just I mean the only one in Florida that I see on here is full Mar Gunn and Pond in Tela Hassee.
And there are a couple of national ones on here like Arbise and Circuit City. But anyway, if you want to find if not, that's okay too.
I'll leave that in your fine hands. I already said it there.
Oh, we're fine. See now here comes which I threatened to read this earlier in the day and I keep putting it off. I have no idea why because this should remember how many times I've told you that when I go to Europe, which is about how many times a year.
And I watch CNN International over there that that they really give you good news. I mean they read it more like the BBC.
They don't suck up the administration. They don't have the buckle in Iraq and it's like a different network.
But again, you don't see that stuff domestically. Well, here's the tip off by David Lindorf of CounterPunch.
You said the scandal of George Bush's earpiece debate cheating device continues to grow.
I just got a look at the full Fox tape of President Bush's May 04 joint news conference with French President Jacques
Iraq. In that tape, as in several other tapes I've seen, Bush could be heard seemingly getting prompting from another voice.
About 12 seconds into the piece, the leading voice says, and I look forward to working to and Bush comes in with, and I look work in and I look forward to work into the verbal slip of makes it clear this is no electronic echo or sound synchronization problem.
At another point about a minute and 16 seconds into the tape, the leading voice looks out allowed exhale of breath. Bush does not follow suit.
There's no preceding voice when a reporter has heard asking a question on Wednesday.
Since writing my initial expos in Salon magazine, I was dead usual request for interviews by local station news programs and talk show host, all of whom gave the story serious coverage.
But no calls from National Radio News programs, not even NPR, which never did a piece only a commentary week late on its on the media program.
On the big TV networks, the story was handled as comic relief. It made Letterman let on Comedy Central, but not the news programs, though they're the ones with the video archives which reporter should be combating.
On the part of the national media. If it were just a matter of laudity news, just minute would be bad enough.
But the fact that both the times of the post-Authanide, the public serious stories about the matter that they've destroyed broke, and that CNN sought as important enough to air it on CNN International, shows that something far worse is going on, the deliberate deep-sixing of a story embarrassing to the president.
The White House and the Bush campaign for their park continued to dismiss questions about what Bush was wearing in the debates and other occasions by contributing the story to the internet, or that the internet.
In fact, this has been the case with many of the important stories about the Iraq War and the Bush administration. The internet is proving to be where the real journalism is happening.
Amen, David Lorndor, which is why we put these stories on our website, and why I spend all this time reading them and fumbling through them here on the show.
Because if you expect to get the real news from CNN or Fox or MSNBC or the commercial networks, you can forget about it.
As somebody I wouldn't know would say. You know who would say that? Who? Well.
But, God about it. Whoever that is.
26 past 1 at 5, 60 WQA and hey, IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems. They come back each morning when you wake up and maybe during night when you have a nightmare is about them.
CPH Amy Buckwell to the Buckwell Tax firm will help in your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind.
That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the Buckwell Tax firm when they have IRS problems.
One I avoid potential criminal prosecution can all unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage levier, O payroll taxes and penalties, you want to settle for thousands less than you owe.
If you need time to pay whatever the deal is in your case, the Buckwell Tax firm can help you out.
They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment.
Best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS you did the Buckwell Tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to.
So call them today and get yourself out of the hole. Call 954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800, whether you owe 10,000 or a million in IRS taxes, the Buckwell Tax firm can help you.
Call them today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at IRSfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at that front door.
954-575-2800.
100 lb. Eastern sharp.
Meal Rogers, mornings in the day and course around the clock to fight.
Chewy and...
Stop at the night!
Child obesity is a national epidemic, but how can you teach your kids healthy eating habits?
It's easy with low carb Mr. Potato Head.
Oh, low carb Mr. Potato Head's ears are made out of bacon.
And his feet are made out of lamb chops.
Yes, all the parts of low carb Mr. Potato Head are made from all the healthy foods your kids should eat.
Put in eyes made from steak or a mouth made from pork loin.
Do we get to eat the potato?
No kids, that has carbs.
That's why you should never eat vegetables or fruit or bread or dairy products.
Yay!
If you want your kids to grow up healthy, don't get them toys like bicycles or fashion balls.
Find them low carb Mr. Potato Head.
Pull the makers of little ticandial plastic kids.
132-560 WQM, here's the appol so far.
What's your...what's in these groups bugs you the most?
Born again, crit boy.
Yeah.
I hate everybody 71, Haitians 32, New Yorkers 31, which we thought would do better than that.
African Americans 29, French Canadians 28, they are the worst.
Oh God, disgusting, rude, nasty.
Anyway, June 26, I like everybody 25, red next 24, Muslims 20, Jamaican 7-mon, and Catholics only 5.
Well, first of all, I mean, you know, most Catholics think it's all a bunch of crap anyway, right?
It depends, they're shaped.
Well, it's super Dennis.
Let's see, what's this fact you just say?
I mean, it's becoming apparent the final smur against Carey is going to be more of yet, and I'm more of a vets alleging that his anti...
You know what?
That stuff is ancient history now.
I mean, the fact that they even tried that in the first place and had some success with it
is only a tribute to the lack of education in America, and that nobody knows any history.
But I think that crap that happened 30 years ago, I think it's a little bit too late for that by now.
Anyway, Jim goes on to say, in 62, I was 17, I was just like Bush, I didn't like the war, but I didn't like the early anti-war move, and either
I had caused deferments, and when they ran out, my father had afraid it was a career officer in the National Guard, he found an opening for me.
I even remember what the establishment was saying to defend the position in Vietnam, we'd have to fight the communist over there, they'll come here and kill us, son, for Middior.
It was people like Carey and Perot that helped them legitimize the opposition of the war, and that's finally brought it to an end.
It is of utmost importance that you and other responsible spokespeople work to get the whole story of the Vietnam era, and Carey's rule on behalf of all of us that went that war on the year, and after as many people were being land-based by the Bush propaganda machine, we can't let Bush manipulate history just to justify our continued development in another wrong war.
God bless America says, Jim, thank you Jim, excellent point. Where is Jim? Jim is a somewhere.
Well he's right, and I don't know what else I can say, I mean, you know, those of us who lived through it, it was a grotesque brutal war, we should have had no business being there in the first place, other than to defend the built multinational corporations, that was what that was all about.
Again, yeah, like the Good Year Tire and Rubber Company, things like that, a lot of rubber over there.
I mean, how can you have rubbers without Vietnam, right?
But anyway, to make a long story short, as the 60s were on, and the hippies were busy getting shot at Kent State, but finally they persevered in more and more of them in the early 70s and finally brought it to an end.
But it was only, I think Walter Cronkite, as far as the media is concerned, can finally be given credit. Why don't we have a Walter Cronkite today?
I guess what, Dan, you ain't no Walter Cronkite.
As you notice how quickly your horse wasn't in his decision, but I'll quickly CVS back the way from that story that we're going to have about 60 minutes about the felonious reasons for the war in Iraq, which would have been a hell of a lot more important than the one they showed that they got all the heat for about the guard, which everybody knows that anyway.
But nevertheless, and of course it's very fashionable to talk about Hanoi, Jane, and about Joan Baez and all these other commies, sympathizers, pinkos, etc and so on.
But all the atrocities, the me and I massacre all of these things are a part of history. They're well documented. We've butchered thousands and thousands and thousands of people, 58,000 American kids came home in body bags and again for what? For nothing?
For absolutely nothing.
Based on the Gulf of Tonkin resolution that was alive, Solan and Johnson can go in here and flex his muscle. See, Johnson would have gone down in history as a great president.
So the Republicans have succeeded very well in taking this word liberal, making it a dirty word. The Pat Robertsons and the Jerry Fowell, while all the other right wing Christianistas, they've made it liberal.
Oh, dirty word. What the hell is wrong with that? And this article points it out very well. He says, wasn't Jesus a liberal?
Liberalism has been under assault for years now. The baddering of this grand political philosophy is all to the contemporary definition of liberal to the point that conservatives use it as a profane word.
They use it to pay the political opponents, anti-god and anti-American. It's gone to the point that moderate liberal Christians are afraid to be open about their political leanings. Sadly, it even affects their conscience and choices as they end in the voting booth.
This is especially troubling to me as a Christian evangelical minister who loves America.
Liberalism is defined by Webster's third new international dictionary, a political philosophy based on belief in progress, the essential goodness of a man, and the autonomy of the individual and standing for tolerance and freedom for the individual from arbitrary authority and all spheres of life.
I'm not sure why anyone would feel threatened by liberalism is defined by the dictionary. They're apparently they are apparently unaware of simply refused to acknowledge the long history of liberals who have labored for the betterment of society and the furthering of God's kingdom.
The labor movement of the early 20th century was dated significantly when major Christian denominations got behind it. No average American would have a fair wage today if it weren't for liberal Christians and labor activists.
Liberal Christians and civil rights activists fought and still fight against conservative America for racial equality.
Child labor laws were enacted because liberals fought for them. Medicare and Social Security exist today because of liberalism.
Bleeding heart liberals have long advocated for the homeless, the hungry, the less fortunate, the less enfranchised.
The women of America owe liberals a big thank you for their almost equal rights. Tree hugging liberals fight for clean air and water standards instead of favoring industrial polluters and short term profiteering that destroyed God's green earth.
Liberals believe in affordable health care for all US citizens. They also believe in higher taxes for the rich and lower taxes for the Middle Affairs that is American politics.
We better do the break and I'll finish this when we come back.
Play like men and they look like women.
You be sitting watching the TV with the finger of their foot. Well, why come to know why come to know what Christians do for both?
Be violent in the cold, why come to know why come to know what Christians do for both?
Most are violent hasty from the faculty. They're telling facts of macaroni and cheese.
Cut holes in the ditchy, just in case they reproduce. That's just about all they're allowed to do.
Why come to know why come to know what come to know?
Why come to know why come to know what Christians do for both?
See that standing need and sit back down against you.
They applaud you all down with a 12-pack of food. Live a life aboard a pop-to-head and you'll go.
Got only smile and find food.
I'm going to make my witness.
I'm going to make my witness.
I'm going to make my witness.
Anyway, getting back to the end of this scary advance article wasn't Jesus the Liberally.
He says Jesus was the ultimate liberal progressive revolutionary of all history, the conservative religious and social structure that he defied, hated, and crucified him.
He examined his life and did not like what they saw. He aligned himself with the poor and the oppressed.
He challenged the religious orthodoxy of his day. He advocated passive, his own loving, our enemies.
He liberated women and minorities from oppression. He healed on the Sabbath and forgave adulterers and prostitutes.
He associated with drunks and other social outcasts. He rebuked the religious right of his day because they embraced the letter of the law instead of the spirit.
He loved sinners and called them to himself. Jesus was the original liberal. He was a progressive and he was judged and hated for it.
It was the self-righteous religionist that he rebuked and he called them hypocrites.
The primary issues of Christian liberalism were birthed when Jesus spoke the profoundly prophetic words found in Matthew.
These scriptures revealed God's hearts for the poor, the sick, and other neglected people throughout our history. Matthew 31-46.
Christians should read this text and judge for themselves which of the two groups mentioned there more accurately reflect the political parties of today.
His liberalism lives on the day and the issues have not changed much.
I'm glad the conservative Republican candidates advocated for the family and a few Christian issues, but we've got to quit pretending that they're the only ones that Christians should consider voting for.
People shouldn't call themselves pro-life if they're only anti-abortion and yet feel or twinge of conscience over the unforeplication of capital punishment or war is fought for dubious motives.
A true pro-life position cares just as passionately for the born as the unborn and views war as a last resort when all other options are exhausted.
Christians should look for candidates that will work for issues that are of importance to Christ and that can be tackled legislatively.
Sadly, most of those causes have historically been opposed ignored and minimized by conservative Republican policymakers.
They seem to dangle the moral issues carried around election time.
Then, even with the Republican-controlled White House in Congress, prove themselves powerless to do anything about those issues when they convened to legislate.
Issues such as eliminating poverty at homelessness in America, true equal rights for all citizens, environmental protection, a fair minimum wage, affordable healthcare, lowering our infant mortality rate, all go into ten to just a name of few.
I have some questions for the Christian right. Why even not held our current elected majority officials accountable for their failure to address the full spectrum of Christian issues? Why would you vote for them again?
It's time for Christians of conscience to stand up to religious and political hypocrisy. Christians should proudly proclaim progressive values today and should advocate for the Christian liberalism that is our heritage and our legacy.
And... oh my God, a hurry.
Michael Mayo finally wrote a good call.
It happens about once every how many years?
About two or three times a year. Mike writes something because he's basically a sports guy that they shovel off into the other thing here.
But at the Sun Sentinel, Michael Mayo writes, yesterday's Sun Sentinel, election 2004, blunders and wonders and outsies.
Can you handle it? I can handle it.
Amazing. He says, Brenda Snipes and her crew at the elections office have a whole year to get this 2004 presidential election right and they blow it right on the starting gate.
So now we have problems again. If there are two phrases you want nowhere near each other, it's election problems in Broward County.
By this point, after all we've been through after the 2000-Dubacle and Miriam Elephants reign of error, we were supposed to have solutions. Instead we have problems still.
Nobody wants to use excuses and now we have to wonder with 15 days more of voting to go, how many more problems explanations will there be?
Last week, with the first wave of absentee ballots, the problem was contradictory postage information.
On Monday, opening day of early voting at 14 Broward sites, it was a computer glitch.
Small consolation at the glitch wasn't with the distrusted electronic machines. This involved the computer system that was supposed to transmit voter information between the election department nerve center and early voting sites.
So on the first day of early voting, the first images of people waiting and not voting. That should fill everyone with confidence.
We were all disgusted, said Claire Stucker of Lottardale Lakes. Stucker 81 went to a library in Tamaract to vote for Gave Up After an Hour.
You would think they would test everything beforehand to make sure it worked, Stucker said. At least work consistent, whether it's election systems or election supervisors or elections validating Broward's motto is, if at first you don't succeed, try try again. Stucker will try again today.
Preeded to a very loud blast of the song, Learned or Fly by the Food Fighters, a rock group whose frontman despises Bush. A lyrical excerpt which I swear I'm not making up, hooked me up a new revolution because this one is a lie.
You are listening to me, you ruggers. Exclusively on 560 in AM.
I don't think I ever said I'm not worried about Osama bin Laden. That's kind of one of those exaggerations. Of course I'm worried about Osama bin Laden. We're on the hunt after Osama bin Laden.
We're using every asset at a disposal to get Osama bin Laden. I don't know where he is. I just don't spend on this time on it. I don't know where he is.
I repeat what I said. I truly am not that concerned about him.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominant people killed with the gas that we sold him.
The first time a crescer nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the notes they're talking about.
The right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after Saddam too.
Plankato, Osama, there's no longer mention of the name bin Laden but no one seems concerned of. Come be and complacent to leave an every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ash broth is saying.
I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are saying. I know, PD and cattle don't have any reservations.
The right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. I have nothing to hide.
Only I've racked myself when the mass destruction.
Good morning. Our nation is proud of all our workers. So I will double the number of people that have lost manufacturing textile and other jobs.
We must protect workers and small business owners from the family friendly, fairer, pro-growth system and increased frillous lawsuits that threaten jobs across America.
With all these proposals, we'll provide American workers with a complicated mess filled with special interest loopholes and saddling our people with more than six billion hours of paperwork and headache every year.
Thank you for listening.
