Action it's a live show!
Sounds like a real click-out to me
Screw you fine Zige
Telling you Q A Ec
My Emmy FordYouLç•¶er
Hit my whim!
It's Friday, you bastard
Where's a fat left wing guy
Want pushed to say goodbye
Michael Morey He wears extra large pants
And I love him in France Michael Morey His new flick
It is full of tricks, GOP is sick, Cause sitpicks on George W
Alright, might become number number one
And then when it's done won't be fun, But it will be smooth
His documentary four stars from John Kerry and Michael Morey
Every wind and a stir, His piece will last an hour, you can bet
And now all fox news would like him to be moving the know-ay
But it's clear his day to be a paid in their real Michael Morey
Sounds to me like some people are really picking up in that joint today including Zach
Oh yeah, but what is wrong with you? Do you have like a death wish?
Well, I figure we're all going to die sometime anyway
So why not just...
Enjoy it
Accelerate the proposition, right?
No, it's not accelerating
Why not just move it up? You in the beast
We can get like a gigantic piano crate for each of you
In fact, maybe we can get three of you, Fat Boy in the beast
We can just get a gigantic plot somewhere out, Levit winestein or Kim put Fat Boy in there
At any rate, I sound like Charles, so I guess you guys aren't having lunch today, right?
No, I already did
Well, it's only 10 o'clock in the morning
That was just brunch
That was brunch, we're still waiting for lunch later
Okay, 2235 hosts on the pool, by the way, speaking of Michael Morey
That movie is going to be in theaters everywhere all over the place
So those people have been bitching and belly aching last week
I told you, just hold your host's man
Just relax, it'll be near you any minute
And we'll prompt theaters and browards starting today
Even the beast said he was going to go see it with his girlfriend tomorrow
And I went down to listen, I found the fountain shops in plantation is carrying it
So that's great, we go eat it dilly-a-and that's all I'm hearing about
We go eat, we go eat, we go eat, we go eat
How about going and getting a later something or just anything else?
You know, taking a nice walk
Huh?
I like walking
Yeah
From the movies to the pizza place
Yeah, from your seat in the studio there to the table out there by Clarence's office to get the free food
That's the walk you like
And then back inside the sit down
And I'm sure, now what do you eat this morning?
I had a, well I haven't eaten a cheeseburger yet, but I had a Joe Rose hot dog
With a bun?
No bun
I had a bun
I had a bun
The bun was good
And the cheeseburger you're going to eat the bun
Yeah, probably
You have a death wish
Just mark it down, Josh, this man has a death wish, make no mistake about it
I mean, you don't even make an effort, you just don't care, right?
What do you mean, every day after the show, I'm right at the gym
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Let me tell you right now, Mo, why Greg keeps doing that because he hates you like Poison, that's obvious and this is the way you get the message you cross.
You know, just like Joey Zaz, I was going to send a message, the same deal with Greg. The way he sends a message is to give you a shhhhhh, still give you a real shot and very jack as his column.
And that's why he keeps dropping all that crap about putting on the steering show and he's fascinated by the idea. Hey, let me tell you something, Greg, go ahead do it next week.
Okay, we don't need the license, we'll just the talk loud. Right? Yeah, why not?
So anyway, and of course Mo did have a good point when the list has got all of these different ones on it, we probably could have put another 50 on his list.
What does that tell you about our general mangler? And actually, it didn't happen. What do you think Greg reads? Biggest bonehead move in the past seven years was he's our general mangler at WQA.
He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler. He's a very good mangler.
And OJ Simpson knew what was supposed to be our charity goptherment where they were told absolutely positively don't bring that murdering slime ball in there.
And what do they do? They fly him in. Fly him in. Then try to put him on the air. We get a call on a bat line that day. Oh, OJ, so you want to put him on the air?
Like I've said a million times before we'll put you on the air when you're ready to confess. At that point you can have all the time you want when you're ready to confess up.
You murdering piece of crap you firing you in mark. Now there you were way off your feet if you pardon that expression, Zach.
You're right. I couldn't believe it. I'm not saying that. Oh, that won't get much. What is this thing you just fact me here? What I can't make it out? What is this?
It looks like it's a picture of a looks like a sign like one of those like bus stop little signs that ventures sign. That's it. It says get fat. Have a heart attack. Eat it. Todd subs.
I like that. At least being honest about it. Well, there are some places like this out there. Is it some people who just like food that much? No, I love food. I'm not going to lie to you about that. I wish I could eat all I want every day and just be 150 pounds. Why can't?
Fire and you and mark 259 votes. If you eat that cheeseburger with the bun, I'm going to get really pissed off. I can't believe it. What is so great? First of all, I know you love charade. It's one of Joe sponsors. Now I've had him on too, but the fact of the matter is no place has got a bun so great. Let's get to the meat of the matter. That's the good part. Okay. Right.
So what's the big deal with that? If it was not a nice onion roll or something, I'd say, well, I can understand a bun is a bun when it down throw it out.
I'll strap your paws around at meat and just to chop down on it.
Firing Joe and mark 259, not firing George Rodriguez 233 firing Scott Perrell to 113. That slipped down a little bit. I can't convey them. They just can't make these people understand.
Talking sports on the year for now after 911 after the World Trade Center, the first tower was hit and the news was on TV. They're all sitting there brittlessly just in shock.
And then the second to tower gets it and it's guilty on the air with the first. What are we going to say about it? We're going to talk sports. What can we talk about? We don't know what's going on.
125 for that. It should have been a lot more. That was that was the lowest point of everybody's career. Keeping Gildey on the air is right on the ass of that with 99.
Moving the old time slot 61. It didn't last too long. Thank goodness. That was a real bomb. Unabamba Grande. Hiring Scott for L54. Scrooing over Joe Rose 43, which I'm still not really sure that the screwing is over. The screwing over is over.
Putting the big on the year 37. Wait till your berries column about that. Oh boy. Putting on Crow 35. So the big.
Oh, it's out the crow by couple using Joseph Gaki is a fill in. Here's the guy. He sucks. Okay. 34. Hiring the arriders 29. Those are the people who just can't stop listening. They hate me like poison, but they can't turn it off.
Putting on the morning crew 12 only 12. Maybe they like that show. You know what? Let's give it a try again. Let's bring back Ron Hershey in a highway and let's get Carolyn back from down the hallway there.
It's pry her away from Greg for a while. And the QM auction has got only nine. That's the phonia. I illegitimate QM online auction. That's not for charity at all. Not that we say it is, but you assume that it was.
And that's really tried to slide some more your dollars into the beastlies pockets because times are tough behind to be the curtain today.
Not one of your better selections. Josh, you picked this one out. I did. I like it. She's well, the picture is okay. She's a pretty skanky. If you ask me, Julian Blalock. She's not much.
You know who that is? Jack Zach. No, but me like you a lot. Yeah, the picture. There's fine. Yeah. The picture on her on IMDB on her bio is really. Maybe she just had a bad day.
Born March 5th, 1975, which makes her about 30, man. 29 born in San Diego, California. She was arrested with a boyfriend actor.
Endward for long by West Hollywood police and to separate traffic related incidents. No big deal. Her name is Scottish Irish. And before her ancestors came to Ellis Island, it was blacklock, meaning black hair.
She's an avid surfer from childhood. A scope artist who's preferred medium is crayon. Oh, I'm always big. And those artists who draw and crayon. Those are my favorite.
Next to the chimps that draw like with their feet in the paint. In April 2003, she took Rapinoe, her husband.
And their entire family is on vacation. Jamaica where she got down on one knee and proposed to him. He accepted asked Maria at 6 p.m. the next day, which they did. Her favorite holiday is Valentine's Day.
In 2004, she was stalked by a man who was an obsessed fan of her issue. It was arrested sent to a hospital for mental evaluation.
Her own action figures made her inner likeness from the series, the Star Trek Enterprise. Growing up, huge family, original Star Trek series.
She's in slow burn movie that's in the post production right now. She was in Diamond Hunters. Enterprise broken bow. Enterprise the series on the edge. Queen for a day. Jason and the Argonauts and a bunch of other crats.
She's okay. We were taking a step down. I would think from yesterday's fine picture on there, but they can't be, you know, they can't be 85 every day, right?
Right. You'll attend. This one's pretty mediocre. So anyway, those of you who haven't seen, and I'm reading all of this other crap, you know, on both sides. It's a movie.
It's a pretty like Eric Alderman writes in his piece. I just read it a little while ago. It's a movie. It's not a war. It's not the end of the world. It's a movie.
And it contains, you know, it has a viewpoint. No question about it. A very strong viewpoint. And they could mention that. These are the kind of issues that you want to be namby-pamby about.
So this is, oh, it's over the top. Well, if we're not over the top, who the hell would go see it? Who'd be talking about it? Right?
You're 100% right. That's the whole reason that it's so fantastic is because it is over the top because finally somebody had the balls to make a movie that says something.
That says a lot to the morons out there. The masses who are busy with their one finger and their ass and their other finger up their nose or somebody else's nose.
There's the other way around. Well, whatever it is. About time somebody said something to him. So anyway, I'll give you the rundown on where it's shown.
And the time of getting down written list will be time to go. Of course today is a big day for me. Why is that?
Because this marks the end of this phase of this whole deal because we start the summer schedule on Monday.
Monday, July 5th would have happened to be my mother's birthday. And so Georgia beyond Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays July and most of August.
And I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday. A couple of days a week just to keep in practice. And that'll be it.
And of course, I'll miss this like poison. 10, 13 at 5, 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more popular.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation column tool free 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands many fans. It's a human resource management outsourcing is recognized by firms both large and small as a proper management choice, which lets you focus on your core business.
When you leave the operational details to the folks that Oasis outsourcing, let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. There is absolutely no obligation. If you'd like a free evaluation, just call that toll free number 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
566 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 286 28
1016 at 560 WQM Mad Dog at 2 and Kaplan at 4 for the Humberuzen Vegas
Marlon's on Dec at 7 o'clock Tampa Bay Devil Rares at the Marlon's 735 over at P.P. Park and Curtis Stevenson who seems to be getting a lot of air time
So those people on the air and at place better start watching their back Curtis is starting to jam his way in there
You know what happens when that starts don't you?
The young towels gonna take over.
Once they get their foot in the door everybody else better watch their back.
Curtis at 1030 and we apologize for most of what's on on the weekend.
Anyway here's the deal.
Faironite 911 is now showing, look at this I printed this out from the Sun Central movie listings.
Wow wow wow wow and they brought it in Palm Beach it showed it as Zidian theaters.
Now in Broward where was only in three.
The regal this is starting today I guess right?
Yeah they started on Fridays.
Yeah.
Regal Nagnolia Stadium 16 in Coral Springs.
Sunrise Cinema's Dear Field Mall Dear Field Beach.
Regal Cypress Creek Stadium 16 for Lauderdale.
Sunrise Cinema's Gateway for Lauderdale.
Sunrise Stadium 15 in Las Olas Riverfront for Lauderdale.
Swap Shop Drive in for Lauderdale.
Go by and see Preston's Hen.
AMC Sheridan Plaza 12 in Hollywood.
The regal Oakwood 18 in Hollywood.
Regal West Fork Stadium 13 in Pembroke Pines.
The Sunrise Cinema's Fountains in the Fountain Shops in Plantation.
Regal Sawgrass Stadium 23 in Sunrise and Sunrise Cinema's at Sunrise 11 at Sunrise.
So if that isn't enough for you then the screwy okay?
They can't show it right next door.
They can't show it on the roof of the house across the street
for you to watch it your leisure okay they just can't do it.
Should I do the ones in Dayton and Palm Beach or not?
Nah I don't know.
I mean you're all over the place a lot of them in Palm Beach.
No?
You killed another several minutes if I could.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well no Palm Beach you're on your own okay?
We're not uh if you're listening we love you and we thank you but uh
you lost you know what I mean?
What do they got to do with us?
Although Boca that's another story.
Boca Regal Shatterwood 16 Sunrise Cinema's at Meisner Park in Boca.
Boiton Beach even the unit artists movies at Boiton Beach.
So otherwise the Michelanges do it short it's showing just about everywhere okay
we'll get back to that eventually got a whole bunch of stuff about that
to what we talk about but most important is always on Friday is the little Barry Jackass
and the Greg Reed column in the Mommy Hero.
Whatever Greg feeds to Barry hits right there in the newspaper.
Well first of all it is it's a Q&A kind of thing in the order
his name is not on this column which is one of the few columns in his sports section today
it doesn't have a byline for Barry Jackass.
What's going on with the Panthers and Answer Search is the question.
See this is one of those deals where he asks the question it says in case you wondered
so he asks the questions and then he gives his own answers.
Isn't that great?
That's perfect.
Unlike Tom Jicco who pretends that his readers send in the questions
which I'm not so sure I believe but this one we know that's not the case.
Anyway what's going on with the Panthers and Answer Search?
Answer.
Analyst Denise Potfan.
An idiotic frog.
Dumb as a boxer rocks.
Denise Potfan said he likely will return but still isn't certain.
Whatever that means.
Do you have any idea what that means?
Nope.
Maybe he's waiting for an invite.
Fox Sports Network will strongly consider ESPN's Dave Strader among others to replace Columbus
Ohio bond Jeff Rimmer but a decision isn't close.
Well at least they're not actually in Craig Minervini anymore which is fine.
You know bring in a real broadcaster and stop taking these local little
putzes off the like guilty and Craig Minervini put on some real talent on air for a
watch change.
Will you please stop it a baloney.
The only thing I don't like about Dave Strader though Josh would like him to talk
to his teeth kind of like Eric Reed that does the heat games.
You know I'm talking about?
Yeah it's a seven footer.
It's seven seven seven seven seven.
Yeah I hate that.
It's stand that.
So Dave Strader maybe doing the Panthers games on TV we'll see.
But now here comes the meat of the matter okay.
You're ready to wrap it or a tongue-arrounded Josh Azak whoever you are.
So pour it up.
What are you thinking of the Miami Heat now?
They suck.
Now actually they did make the nice run there okay give credit where credit is due to
I care about it.
No so forget about that.
Wrong show.
Forget about that crap.
Okay here we go with a big stuff.
WQ question.
Yeah as Gary Sarner would say question what a moron he is.
Can you see him at all anymore?
I see him once in a while.
Oh full of shame.
I thought maybe he got run over by a truck.
Question WQM general manager Greg Reed is
Maldivorning lineup changes for months but hasn't done anything.
What's the hold up?
What's the hold up Greg?
Answer.
And again keep in mind this is all a conversation between
Greg Reed and Barry Jackass.
One of many how many a week?
About 30 minutes.
So you know he can't utilize it is like it's for real a question and answer.
Greg hates you but nevertheless.
Although he's prone to changing his mind Reed is generally loyal to employees who
don't just obey him.
He's obey him.
How do you like that?
Greg hate you.
Screw you Greg.
Would Joe Rosen Reed content for most to work alone on his 8 to 10 AM program?
It's obvious.
Reed doesn't want to leave Steve Goldstein without a job to lay begins his path
his play by plaguing.
Does one leave Martin the cold?
Once hockey begins it's likely that Goldstein will end his run
on a Howard David show five to way to AM.
Do do do do do.
How do you like that?
I bet you're most happy about it.
I'm listening.
Absolutely.
Anyway then then it says immediately following that enough to make me pee my pants
or Lando El Zagiri would be a sensible replacement.
Oh the big.
Wow that is so pathetic.
If that's your idea Greg I don't know he's been in there filling in when they've been
when Joe was suspended and all this playing musical chairs but that man is as dull as
listening to paint dry forget about watching paint dry as listening to paint dry.
He's got a monotone sound and if Greg Reed believes that that's the answer if
Mo Howard David is going to sit still for that my good personal friend Mo
is going to put up with a dullard on there is his sidekick just so they can get
deli out.
At least deli's got that shrill piercing voice as annoying as it is.
I mean early in the morning you don't want to be awakened by that but you
certainly when you're trying to get out of the sack in the morning don't want to be
awakened in the sound of like a 60 cycle tone.
Okay that's that's the big.
Gakki they both had that dullard sound you know what I mean by that?
Oh yeah.
Yes you do know.
Is a good guy again that's nothing personal at all like I always say it's the only
business but anyway it says Orlando Al's agree to be a sense of over placement although
Reed isn't treated by the idea of adding Howard's stir in his show he doesn't
want to lose the dolphins who probably would take the rights elsewhere QN picks up
stirring you should live so long Greg that's the reason you're not putting on Howard's
stir. Why don't you tell the real reason okay?
Why don't you have to mess up and tell the real reason why he's not going to be on this
radio station or probably in the real South Florida market.
You won't do it where you of course not.
But so all this article is again I guess more went ballistic.
Absolutely.
Is just to epistemophagy.
I wish we had the clip from that.
The beast said it was about seven o'clock.
Yeah.
When he was right.
Oh you heard it?
Oh no he when I came in they told me.
Yeah I'm ranting and rave okay put him off you're gonna put on Howard's
stern put him on already.
Like get there over with the make up your mind.
The otherwise leave us alone.
And that crack just forming it though maybe some we have some spirals
maybe some of the people you already inserted.
Although again it's that show so who knows if anybody was listening but never
the last mall.
Absolutely.
Somebody may have heard it out there give us a spirie port.
Now speaking of sperm Howard Stern the next bomb did drop in how it
stirs war with the FCC is the one and a half million dollar fine the
commission is expected to propose against the 18 infinity stations that have
been airing his show.
The final cover this is a big good time to pick up his show don't you think?
Yeah.
The final cover the same broadcast that helped push
former Stern syndicator clear channel into a $1.75 million settlement with the FCC.
A notice of apparent liability from the FCC has been expected since April and could appear
any day now any moment.
Oh my god.
During the show cast member Stuttering John talked about having anal sex with his wife
and later Stern let his gang in raunchy talk about oral sex.
At dissipating the fines Stern called FCC chairman Michael Powell a crack pot during a press conference
held during Stern's morning show Wednesday.
Crackpot would be a compliment that's an insult to every crackpot in the world.
Flanked by reporters in the studios of his K-Rock flagship stations Stern declared
were going to fight back.
Infinity is expected to appeal to find the FCC if the commission doesn't back down
the company is expected to go to court.
Maybe this will be like a diamond in the rough maybe they'll take this thing all the way
to the Supreme Court finally and get a ruling of course for those nine bozos that will be the end
then we won't be able to say crap on you anymore.
But I'm thinking that another infinity is going to get fined evidently another million
and a half at least.
Oh that would be a really good time to put on a show wouldn't you think?
Oh yeah.
Oh man just keep in mind that I'm saying these things when all of the other rest of the crap
unfolds as the year goes on okay because there are other things that this audience doesn't know
that I'm not privileged to talk about on the air but believe you me we got other problems okay
we got other fish to fry rather than jump it back into water again and getting our
ass just burned big time.
Right.
But that's Greg you know just to get that great sense of humor.
Always trying to rattle most cage like I said before that he hates you like poison moan that's
the reason he keeps doing that.
Rather than have it evolved to come to you and say oh I wish I could find a way to get you out
of here and I can't stand you and you're nothing but a trouble making sour old cout and
everybody in a building hates you rather than doing that because he can't deal with anybody face-to-face
that's why we have a Hank suspension and the Joe Rose suspension and that's why you know he
whenever I'm in town he goes into hiding hides under his desk for a few days because he doesn't
have the balls to deal with people eyeball to eyeball face-to-face so he deals with he programs the
radio station in a column in the newspaper whoever heard a such crap remember back in the days
of the first him when he would put all those crap in a paper about well the ratings aren't that good
and he's not completely satisfied and he's pissed off that Joe is leaving all this other crap
programming a radio station in the newspaper through a little kid that comes to work with
little paper brown bag that mommy packs every morning really sad and that's that's our general
man that's great for you twenty six years to pull for today I noticed that that's why I didn't
facts Eric the other one what celebrity did or alive would you best describe as tragic
remember I mentioned yesterday Brian Wilson yep that's my vote tragic great talent
we like that Wilson we're pulling for him we hope he uh well he won't
Brian Wilson then also about Elvis you can't get much more tragic than that all of that fame all
of that money all of that uh all those women all of this whatever he was doing all those cheeseburgers
but all of those pills and then that nasty day on the pot man stay off the pot what a way to go
Brian Wilson Elvis that's the first two and I'm sure we'll get many many more
all right
wouldn't it be nice if they found Shondra second in a shame can't drink in
booze wouldn't it be nice if they found Shondra sport one of those computer do's
then this all of them is what we history we finally put it into this mystery
oh one
if he nice if they found Shondra eating heavy heart and bunsteady
one if he nice if they found Shondra firing a hitman in police
she could tell us about Gary's wing key as she laughed and held up her pinky
one if he nice there's all the trivia to the beach boys and our good friend Brian Wilson hey how's
that teddy bear coming Brian 1032 at five sixty wqa and that if they ever find a guy that killed
Shondra they found the body did they ever find the murderer nope no how about who sent those anthrax
so mailings hey uh speaking of that yes um Dave Hagen just called in and on a CBS new site in
Arizona it's reporting that Marlon Brando died oh I just factured over the uh the article oh
that's it bye bye now Zach you know something if he was gonna die this is the day he should have
died you want to know why why to save Zach's life and to be on our pool Marlon Brando wouldn't
you say he's tragic absolutely if it's true I mean absolutely such a great actor but boy if
anybody defines the word tragic Marlon Brando a man who's a month was a monster in the entertainment
industry one of the greatest actors on the waterfront Stella just the godfather was without saying right
there's no comparison I mean what do we do now you're gonna look like a man what the
yeah good point thanks Dave Hagen after I'm surprised David's an inshul getting his
tits is warmed up for a services tonight Marlon Brando dies at age 80 oh my god the man called
the greatest actor of all time has died passed away yesterday in Los Angeles while his shirt keep
kept a lid on it he may be best known for his rules in the godfather on the waterfront and one
ask us for your both these two films on the waterfront you know who else was great in that movie
one of my favorite actors who's that I mentioned it all the time because of death it's as unknown
oh please I think he probably has voted in your break you ever seen him lately you see any pictures of
him yes you could put down deloese and you Josh Friedman is Zach the beast all and the fat boy
together and you still wouldn't have one Marlon Brando he was 80 years old anyway on the waterfront
I'll give you a clue he was also in the exorcist he played the detective you didn't see the exorcist
I did I'm thinking about who that guy yeah oh come on I can't think of his name oh my god
Josh of course does notes before his time
Lee Jay Cobb that's him yeah
hahaha oh Johnny Ponte will never get that movie I don't care how many day go get any what
grease ball gum bars come out on a woodwork I'm German Irish well let me tell you something my
crud Mick friend I'm gonna make so much go for you you won't know what it was come a lawyer I
have not threatened I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you
I think it would only be appropriate now as a musical tribute to Marlon Brando that we played
a godfather theme from now until midnight don't you what do you think I think we should can we
suspend all of this sports crap I mean isn't Marlon Brando bigger than life itself and more
than one
I don't see his name on accordion I know Josh he's in love with the stress
yeah wow this is one hell of a day man to start out with Marlon Brando a bite and a bullet
taking that long dirt nap Dave Hagen called in the bad news thanks again you're okay in our book
a little bit too Jewish but you're okay this got some more of us our news the state court judge
in Florida yesterday ordered this is good news and bad news the good news is the court ordered
that the board of elections immediately released a list of nearly 50,000 suspected felons to CNN
and other news organizations that last month sued the state for access to copies of the list
and of course this is the list they used to determine who's going to be able to vote in
poll at crap last time in 2000 right and kept thousands of people off the voter rolls especially
dark-complexed folks who they knew most likely were going to vote for Al Gore well guess what
they're trying to do the same thing again and thanks to the news organizations which usually
suck but once in a gray wild I once every 20 years they do something good thanks for them suing
their ass enforcing them to release that in the judge saying yeah you better release it now or
sooner and so they did but here comes the follow up from it Florida election officials and
Tallahassee yesterday released the names of more than 47,000 potential felons that's in quotes potential
felons who could be purged from voter rolls but some of those included immediately protested they
were listed by a mistake and that they've been voting for years and here's a picture of a dark
complexed gentleman with his voter registration card perfect maloy 77 Del Ray Beats has been
voting for decades despite serving three months in jail for public drunkenness almost 40 years ago
40 years ago and he's still trying to get him off the voter rolls because he's black
why am I on hold after all those years said maloy a democrat registered 1976 I just want my rights
well hey we got a new regime now herb you ain't got no rights Edward DG Donahue of Davy 79
who sounds awfully white to me sounds like an Irishman said he had his voting right restored 20
years ago in a face-to-face meeting with governor governor Claude Kirk Donahue has been voting
for the past 20 years and recently changed his party affiliation from Republican to Democrat that
must be why he's on there the election department has said nothing to me he said this thing happened
35 years ago was a felony I served a year and a half I went before governor Kirk he restored my
rights there wasn't any paperwork this is ridiculous and a man in my position can't afford to look
ridiculous Chanel Hutchins that sounds a little darker to me 27 dear field beach said she voted
last year in the municipal elections she also is a registered Democrat we only purged Democrats
from the list that's it the darker the better but we'll even if they're white as to the fallen
slow as long as their Democrats will yank them off of there I don't see why I can't vote she said
Hutchins pleaded guilty in April 2003 to drive him with a suspended license the third to be felony
I don't have a criminal background I pay taxes why can't I vote she be saying she said she's
received nothing indicating that she's on a potential voter purge list about a third of the
names 15,466 are from daybroward in Palm Beach counties where election supervisors now face
the task of vetting the list to make sure nobody nobody is wrongly to pry the right to vote as
opposed to those thousands and thousands including just 16,000 in Dubal County alone in 2000 are
yanked off it because they have it to be black and probably going to vote for old scary John Kerry
state officials provided the database after Leon County Circuit Judge Nikki Clark struck down a
state law that limited the release of the names critics demanded the list be made public as a way
to ferret out mistakes ferret out mistakes fearing a repeated a flawed purge of thousands of voters
before florida's infamous 2000 election you racist bastards you man any dark person out there
that votes for George W Bush and his bunch of racist accrued cross trans man you people ought to be
put in chains and shackled you have your lunatics you're a bunch of self hating whatever you are George
W Bush eventually can't why we know that civil rights groups and first of them and advocates
quickly heralded car swirling it's a historic day proclaimed regional Mitchell election director
for Florida people for the American Way Foundation Mitchell was first invited to get a copy of a
computer discontinue the names just had a report in a representative of Holland and night the law
firm that sued the force to state to release the list state official stress that the names
are only potential felons and expected local election supervisors to make sure that voting rights
are protected oh yeah we know damn well that those local locals they're going to make sure that
your voting rights are protected make no mistake about that you have any fears about that
one wants to work we know they're right on top of it what a bunch of grave robbers see they got
away with it the first time and now they thought they're going to pull the same crap again
I guarantee when they were sitting on that plane you know they've seen in the movie when their
bush brothers are sitting on a plane laughing and puking yep w and jeb I guarantee you when they're
sitting there oh yeah we're gonna win Florida and probably in between the scenes that you
didn't see there oh yeah we got took all of them sparses off the rules we're not gonna let them
vote I guarantee it they don't look too much yetish but I guarantee they said that maybe a reflisher
told them that line yeah we knocked all the sparses off the rules we're gonna win Florida by hooker
by crook I'm gonna tell you man you guys better keep an eagle eye over the kind of crap what's
going on right now I'm gonna happen to November they're gonna try and of course Florida that'll be
they that'll be the centerpiece of it again because you got when you got brother jeb in there
you got real tourists baby and of course Catherine Harris she'll still be hanging around
she'll be flying over like a crow I heard something about her plane by the way do you hear that
story nope let's make something up okay 1041 on a very sad day here at wqm it's July 2nd it's
today that well actually died yesterday the first did you lie Marlon Brando he was 80 always I
always love when you read those obituaries of some of the famous is they were 97 the cause of death
was not immediately no like maybe old age huh could that possibly be it yeah what could it be I
don't know now what could it be it like a hundred and six they died of unknown causes of natural
causes though that's a good news hey with the heat of the summer here now it's a great time to
get out of that car you've been driving get yourself into a spiffy great new Toyota from Armstrong
Toyota of homestead you'll fund them on us one just 20 minutes south of the 836 and even if you
live like way up there in Palm Beach or somewhere it's worth it right because they're going to save you
thousands and thousands on new Toyota's with rising gas prices maybe you want to car with more
fuel economy and the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11 990 where you can lease it
at Armstrong's for just 209 a month need a great Toyota for that college high school graduate how
about the Toyota Echo it's least priced at only 190 9 a month need to truck the V6 Toyota
Thunder regular cab can be leased for just 239 a month and if you're looking for the
hottest spiffiest new cars around be sure and take a peek at the Corolla XR S and the Cyrillac
convertible both now and stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead these both are the first dealers
to offer your free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to offer your free
replacement parts for life it's an unbeatable deal all the way around tires batteries and free parts
for life nobody knows where does that accept our friends at Armstrong Toyota of homestead so
why waste time and gas schlepping all over time to those big mega dealers who always seem to let
you down to give you the big son of dance and then they are so can arm and leg get yourself
a real honest to goodness unbeatable deal at Armstrong Toyota of homestead today Cyr friend
g and David rich for a deal that you just don't love grab a little and save a lot of that new
Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead can't be with a stick
and then they are so can't be with a stick and then they are so can't be with a stick
there's no way i can win i wish that i can trade it in but i cannot afford to drive it back to the dealership
i like them all
i like them all
it's just my type way because the tank is empty and the filling up is a cheat
yeah
it says you be dumb i can't pay too
feel it up i am such a jump it's a gas heater
it's like a mystery all of my time goes to pay too feel it up
oh that's a stump it's a gas heater
what come on i'm living it a slump sold by house to fill it up soon i'll be a bum it's a gas heater
it says you be dumb head 48 at 560 wqm but that's so some pretty heavy doodoo is an underline
the heavy part that should be a warranty is that he died at a very young age he was only 80
by soft floor to standards anyway and he died because he was gigantic and fat and his heart
probably just gave out it just caved in can you imagine now when Reagan died and of course all the
see at least the tributes were going to be getting now i'll be accurate they probably won't talk
too much about marlin's bisexuality and the fact that he had sex with everything that moved just
about you think that we're talking about wallie cocks mr. peepers and how the well we don't want to
back in the day we might have made reference to it but not now now there's new chill and
effect chillin we can't talk about that here's a bobbin tala has he said i liked to nominate
stevey ray vaughan for your poll his music was and still as an inspiration to guitarist everywhere
but tragic okay you got it got it uh what about robert down the junior says somebody on your pool
and then maybe even on your survey too okay now here's a spy report from our friend stuttering
gill in homestead see i'm wondering how many people we're going to hear from today because it's
the fourth of july holiday weekend kids are out of school i mean how many people could
could honestly be there but third man what do you think if that is there any traffic at all
on the wall meadow this morning there was really well that that's a given anyway gill says i get
to my office seven o'clock first thing out of mosemouth was uh that like my main man says talking
about me no less you know i mean man you've just screwed up the station Greg you don't know if
you're coming you're going mr. re just do what you think is right and you'll see and then gill says
good lord put a plug in it put a plug in it yeah plug him so he evidently was really worked up
into a frenzy this morning about the very jack as he you're falling right into the trap mo that's
what Greg wants he wants to keep you in fact maybe try to give him a stroke maybe he's trying to
let give me a major coronary event as about the only way we can get rid of him five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 13 votes for Elvis
ten for Brian Wilson five for the late Marlon Brando on a CCTV Raven on their or Robert
Downey Jr anybody else but uh yeah gosh is under a lot of he's under a lot of pressure there's
a lot of food still a lot around there understand wq and hello the morning you yes sir when is
when is the one yesterday to see a movie fried high and i'm telling you is an eye opener experience i
mean it's unbelievable what you see there you're unbelievable yes unbelievable exactly what you
do you think that movie open your eyes because i was one of those people they thought that we
went for the for the right reasons you know yeah i thought that we went for the for the weapons
i thought that we went for um to get the terrorists but right now you know it's and and and another
thing i feel part of the problem is on the people like me they didn't go and vote i mean this is the
election are you registered to vote no i and i'm gonna do it after that so i'm over yesterday i'm
gonna go and i'm gonna register please you got to the second of october the fourth of october to do it
don't just talk about it do it and i urge to everybody the goal to see that movie and go to vote
because we need to take this people out of there the white house if it doesn't belong for this people
when in doubt come up people for the people of the united states okay pali take care
Josh will see if the polls how did you mail that thing in did you fill out your former mail it in
Josh i did all right now we're making some progress you and this other guy there's two
and then we got that herb guy on a front page of the sun center there he's gonna vote he's gonna
not sit back and take any crap okay let's see here's from mark who says here's a video DVD you
want to end your collection okay well what is it there another page to this should be a second page
oh here it is oh yeah i read about that girl step aside it's guys gone wild i said that on
the fudge reporter but you miss fudge was just the emoting about that in fact he was probably
squeezing his emote control the fudge party got a brand on it i'll bring your partner just check
the fudge report it's got the brand of death on the uh yeah i already saw that oh i didn't think
you saw you were you think he heard about it from you from us by way of davie hagan many went to
the thing with cbs five and tenix and then all of a sudden he breathlessly put it on her he gets
all the only accurate stuff he gets off of the show like that thing with Catherine Harris i heard
some something about her plane harby kaitel has done it you and magregor is done at least four
times now all red blooded american males can drop their trial for the cameras and in introducing
guys gone wild an all male version of girls gone wild video scenes which promises the hottest
wildest most beautiful real co-eds stripping for the cameras during spring break and doing things
they never do back home girls gone wild has been around the seven years everybody has been involved
with a many different others been asked once or multiple times what about a guys gone wild said
bill horn spoke them for mantra entertainment with produced the videos it was about seeing something
different for a different a different audience he said we look at the mirror image of what we've
been doing with girls gone wild starting july 13 three titles to be available on dvd and video
through a website and eight hundred number guys on wild guys gone wild spring break and guys gone wild
fat boys the stars are young good looking guys march about taking it all off and letting it all
hang out is what it said can we say that no letting it all out they jy rate like strippers do push
ups and in one memorable scene bounce up and down in their hotel room beds while tossing a football
back and forth oh that sounds like a real sportsy kind of thing don't it oh yeah i wonder if they
slap each other any s with towels too like in the locker room that's a real jack thing it says who
exactly would shell out nineteen ninety nine to see this based on the reactions i've gotten college
age girls maybe older horn said but i think it's going to be a big gag gift back to the red kind of
gift and of course don't forget the fags a recent screen for a group of friends mainland female
listed its squeals of uh up up up up all laughter followed by embarrassed fascination follow quickly
by boredom and shutting off the bcr but horn also expects the videos will appeal to gay men there's
a certain amount of gay women who purchased girls gone wild he said those are probably the women
who were going to the wnba games i would think when you oh yeah whatever happened to that team they uh
uh oh oh brother and what about that uh Miami minor league hockey team how are they doing
uh the one that had to play their home games on the road because nobody's showing up at the home
games then they just ain't playing no more at all how they doing uh i'm not sure how about the
strikers how they doing i think they uh struck out uh huh and then of course we got our good
close personal friends speaker that this is rehooks and my army fusion's head coach and i love
the queen of south florida niel rogers should be in book and in palace but we'll keep him here
how's the fusion doing i guess used out here is uh Gregory in focus says marlin branda was a
genius beset by personal demons and ravaged by powerful addictions i only hope that he was in a
garden playing with his grandchildren when the big sleepover came him yeah probably a with an
orange in his hand like like everybody in the godfather when they died the godfather's always had an
orange in her head like michael memory fell off the chair eventually yep so be careful if you stick
in some fruit in your mouth be careful because it may be the last one you ever read have a happy
summer it says please take care of yourself we can't afford to lose you as long as George is on
here oh what a shot oh yeah here's a good one for the pool this is excellent i feel so better
i'm depressed i'm supposed to be in a really good mood i was before the show because it's my
departure for a couple of months for the most part except for those awful two days and three days
but carol o'connor for the list remember that yep son died from a drug overdose and he was uh
suing the drug dealers he was all bent out of shape and pissed off and died a bitter
tragical man carol o'connor is you know anybody who didn't love carol o'connor no i don't now
so maybe meathead once in a great while so marlin brando is that everybody love marlin
brando everybody love carol o'connor carol o'connor was a little punchy too exact i just mentioned
that did he eat the other were they a char cheese yet i have not i want josh to keep an eye close
on your hands okay if they approach anything that you can put in your mouth we want we want the
information
oh i am i'm moe green i made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders i want to make
them a lovely kind of review first marlin brando was the godfather then alphichino was godfather
two and three now get ready for the ultimate godfather godfather for
godfather you must help me these are grooms that are coming in the bun my house it down and they
hurt my family maybe you could order a hit or something
hey tell my hit i'm tell you my hit haha come and shoot my man make it feel good you'll get
up like a fish machine tell him gotta give it up huh tell it new get on the new foot
make a brigadocose with ham says please please please
godfather pointing me but you just a done to look like any of the other colionis
put the only rabbit on the macarons it'll be none of that there's a soul food
tell it you the three
let him make it bring out the colesway go go go go go
the godfather for is starring James Brown the godfather of soul he'll make you
offer you can't understand it's 11 o'clock at five sixty w two mad dog at two
eddy k for the hump or at four marlin game that Tampa Bay in town the devil raise or are they
still hot as a pistol or what they are and i told you the philies are scorn runs in bunches
they scored ten runs again last night and i tell you that yesterday and you would tell me
ah they suck that caring carpenter for our poll poor Karen Karen if you would see zack you don't
you feel bad if you did just handed that chart cheese or that double cheeseburger to Karen
she might still be with us today seeing those syrupy songs i'm sorry
that doesn't matter with you it's really good though what are you eating that now yet now yet
no yet well how do you know it's good though because i know exactly you're a soulful of crap is he
eating that crap now now yeah hands are up in the air well at least you're going to heat it
up in the microwave aren't you oh yeah nobody even the biggest slow I won't say that probably
the biggest slubs in the world would eat a cold cheeseburger can't do it now it couldn't do that
56 votes on the poll not too many because we don't have enough names on it we'll get to it
what celebrity dead or alive would you best describe as tragic
1124 Brian Wilson 14 and his teddy bear marlin Brando's moving up the list as attribute to marlene's
got behind votes stevey rave 1 6 robber down to junior 3 carol o'connor we just put on her he don't
have any yet but he will here's one that says for my complication for our redneck friends everywhere
please add Dale Earnhardt to your poll thanks and you're welcome to be a parent carpet around
there yet i'm sure we will as soon as uh... gosh is the weeding
boy what a what a fat fest that places i think the only thing that being out of there it
keeping me alive because i'm fat as a cow but if i were still there you just you know i can do it
when i'm only there for a few days at a time but over the long run you know jeff cohen he wants to
weasel his way in and bring in the food and then this one and that way in Arnold and you know
and when you're fat slavety of the you just can't say no because it gets tempting it's like
they're offering booze to an alcoholic how about fill heart man oh man how sad right oh yeah that's
tragic everybody love fill heart man he was hysterical and then all of a sudden got a little
concert times with the missus and she a blue is brains out also fox news has some good photos of
the Tampa teacher fox news their website it says a side of his it for pure amusement says Mike
in the gables well i think if you live in the gables you have to watch the look at fox news for like
a half an hour a day how many minutes about three minutes required also add Dana played out a list
all the different strokes kids had problems but her story is the most tragic says Jay i don't
even know what her story is do you probably drugs i'm assuming no well we don't want probably
i'm probably uh... last time i usually like an e entertainment story on her and there was a
a shadow drug problem while i'm i'm doing a search on a right now i can't i can't accept i mean
you know that i don't believe you but i'm searching it the girl confirms on the drugs
different strokes oh well Miguel Escobar anybody with a name like that he knows all about drugs
make no mistake about it fact because the qm prizes have been so crappy at these appearances lately
we're going to be started giving out some good drugs ones that rush couldn't use
different strokes kid Dana play to dead who has a kid co-starred on the wholesome she was cute
no i think she was on the wholesome different yes she died out of an overdose
be doubled by a reputed curse she seemed be doubled by reputed curse whatever that means
died of an accidental prescription accidental prescription drug overdose saturday may as
oh nineteen ninety nine no kohoma just a day after declaring on nationwide radio i've never been
happier well goes to show you don't count your chickens before they lay a big one police said
play to apparently odied on valium in the pain killer lower tab autopsy results showed no
sign of illness uh... tech toxicology test are pending on howard's turns radio show on friday
the exit call she was on howard show then she died
the exit com star pro claimed herself drug free save her painkiller she'd been on since she had a
wisdom tooth extraction some eighteen weeks ago my life is so good now she's never been happier
she was on howard show and then she quote how do you like that bad news okay
join wq m today from two to four for some good drugs at the hooters on pines and university stop
by the wind marlin's tickets and enjoy specials on Miller beer that's your drug of choice
that's a two today at the pines hooters and if you're not talking about by the time you leave
there just slosh over to uh... hooligans because the qm panel be it hooligans pub tonight six to eight
p.m. stop by for marlin tickets enjoy specials on president day at six tonight at hooligans pub
ninety five fifty five soft dixie highway in kindle you're ready for the fourth of july holiday weekend
by the way for all your people in hialia all you straight tutors out there give it a rest okay
how many people do you think are gonna get hit this year either get injured badly or croaked
because of accidental gunshots press day in hialia air report to july it's uh... you know
it's a Cuban thing five six seven oh five sixty you know i looked at the cbs website i'm watching
cnn do you have you seen anything other than that initial story from cbs Arizona thanks today
hangin boy i'll tell you he is right on the other side of the game we already saw that he says hey
i take it easy on old man did you see that quote yeah when they were dragging about take it easy on
old man he went all just like that he gave a couple of oys but i don't i don't see it now you know
that if they were on to this thing if they had any information that there will be a bit ms mbc's
bad lot about the and here's somebody crying about the being justice in the future yeah he's
looking for justice he wants to go to don cologne but uh... more to
kvd qam hello nil yes sir i was hoping we might be able to get someone on the poor like princess
diana or jfk junior but we before we start throwing on the dana plateaus of the world okay
a little obscure she's exactly having the power of audience of a superstar yeah but you're missing
something she was on television see it and we didn't say what superstar we said what's
celebrity so she was a celebrity but not a major major because if we narrow it down to that we
you know it cuts it down oh really sadder than two days though
than who then two days two dee yeah two dee who dee who dee
two dee to dee from uh whatever that show was
do you know what he's talking about what show whatever that show was the game of intel is from
oh i see oh okay oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh man you know two dee
yeah two dee two dee fruity uh Rudy anyway let's get the princess diana on there that was tragic okay
nothing i give at all i could care less i mean you talk about much to do about nothing i mean
anytime somebody dies at the young age car crash all of that stuff it's unfortunate but
don't get in that Mercedes princess diana were begging please paparazzi's come in after you
you're gonna crash into a long no more rich guys for you princess diana is gone
oh princess diana is gone she's really going into a tunnel hello wall
i'm dying on the air one of the truly amazing things about this show is that we've got you
can that mention almost anybody and we've got a bit about him and the really amazing thing is
that someone's still playing he was america's golden boy the one who could have been but never was
and really didn't want to Oliver Stone brings to the screen the tragedy that shocked the nation
j ev gaed you'll hear starring will Smith although i'll tell you if you don't like that one we always
got one even in worst case
listen to the sound of drop drop falling
play all going into the sea you think of a million there like jfk could afford a better play
this jfk at four times i believe will it all a five per cup of the cheap and crappy plane that flows
a burning death my head about the only way
now head the only one that slept alive today from what they called again a decursed
if dorecy he'll gall in one of my cheap say you're up it's only gonna get worse
listen to the sound of drop drop falling
but it's water but it's water but it's water but it's water but it's water but it's water
so many tragic celebrities in so little time how about Marilyn Monroe or Judy Garland
we'll put them both under for a kelly and for lauderdale thank you so much thanks for the memories
so much tragedy in showbiz everyone wants to be famous and rich and all this other but most
of them are like bashed cases and i have no sympathy for any of them you know do you know
like that my Tyson crap here then illiterate dysfunctional slime ball of the worst kind and he's
belly ache oh yeah 38 million he made these oh brother let's see nothing on brando death it says
on the net except drudge tech google i already did check google a rich pector well why don't you
check google your lazy bastard he's telling me to check out he did that it's got to think about
his father died his father said i'm dying over here okay boy oh boy anyways as i have an
advanced copy of a new book on Marilyn uh mario hair for you should i send it to qa m or send it
to Toronto if the latter email did read yeah i'm gonna give you my address and draw right get out
of here crazy person uh yeah right now i'm gonna thanks anyway send it to the station there
Georgia will be the first he's a good atheist all the way cause himself an agnostic because he's a
pussy oh how you like that i can't say that he's a was can you believe i had a dump myself
yep it happens well it shouldn't happen oh anyway mike says take your pick from
uh what is that well what is this carcinet that what what is that in addition to which
Kimbergallis of Fort Pierce was intentionally given eight from her second dentist was she a celebrity
these these people just uh they don't get it wow is this amazing or what it's like rocket science
you ask a very simple question let me read the question again for the 45th time what celebrity
did her alive would you best describe his tragic celebrity celebrity not somebody who like uh
you know was infected by a dentist or uh you know trip the uh how about the dr bob
acons dr acons would be good that was tragic way to die for a again and then uh all his life they
were ripping him an ass and then once he croak man he was the greatest things in sliced halava right
oh yeah dr robberd acons let's get him on there maybe that might inspire you to if marlon
brando didn't croak croak and didn't do it maybe bob acons don't oh he had a slip and fall
careful while you're walking folks when you walking in the lights elvis 25 Brian Wilson 21
marlon brando 11 Phil Hartman 8 Stevie Rape on 7 Robert Downey Jr 5 Diller Hart 5 Karen
Carbiter just give her a little piece of that cheese dog there will you please two for Karen Dana
Plato it's got appear princess Diana two and Carol O'Connor's got one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only 18 t and Verizon wireless line
this is 4 3 0 5 60 way away yeah i'm dying on the hand
good that Phil Hartman bring dig you in and you will be real good guys that have so much
you give but you marry the psychotic bitch the trick of finger got his inch
but the good news is that cheap blue has sent away no
everybody no second LA they let murderers walk every day
another last of her's died thanks to your psychopitch wise who had a stupid face like
bring and news radio was a main show except that you were there and some characters from the
sins of law their boys in front all that this your life would have lasted long but she left you no joy
oh
good that joy the floor that you may know from such films as i'm not read that next murder
rumble has a gun and honey i just blew your head off now line of us can't get rid of
she's dead anyway i'm sorry day night i've fallen further in the case since that's the reason you left
anyway and the sucks that you died those of your psychotic wife with that stupid name like
and the sins will never be the same again
baby
a asshole's like your best and free
your best
so it's right it's a good thing she said because now they can't defend that bitch you had for a while
how do you like that head of thumb that too and there it's amazing you son of a
yeah all he's right about talk has been a cool it's really something all the stuff we've
been playing for years in the public sits back and it is like that i just should be staggering
the atmosphere in this country right now the attack on free speech you see what happens in a
society supposedly is you evolve you go from point a to point b in moves along over a period
years you evolved and you're stopping childish and like jack park wouldn't say wc much less
the full thing water closet on here and then bc they would try to fire them over that or
to threaten the farm for saying water closet on national television at the 12 30 in the morning
before your time but nevertheless it's true you go from that to mr. wipple squeezing the
shaman to finally with all these commercials talking about diarrhea and constipation and limp
penises and all this other stuff and people get used over a period of years to be entertained
in a particular way like adults not like little children of course little children always
the excuse oh we can't have little children here those terrible things and now all of a sudden
we make this sharp you turn a you turn and take 50 years back because of the kind of
uh atmosphere that exists in america today and of course uh the democratic party they got the
balls of our fruit fly they're not not only not gonna stand up to it but they're a part of it too
on the FCC anyway i don't want to get all whipped up about that we had to dump that i did did you
yes see we're all dumping it we all got our finger on it now how about that sandwich just
Zach it's loving eating it why not we'll scared scared of what because marlin brando died i just
checked again i'd say here's bush pen now what does he do it on there now when we got marlin
more bigger fish to fry like marlin brando died produce all tax yeah okay tax this man oh man oh man
a chevets marlin brando croaks and what do they got they got this illiterate goofball on there
this uh president and thief who is stolen the election on there to talk it like a bozo act
in naturally anyway i'll speak it of a people from texas bedford texas a 15-year-old girl was
raked in it where fellow students watched after being drugged at a weekend party police said
the alleged sexual assault occurred after the teenager when a friend went to a home in bed for
an early friday police said a week ago i guess no parents were home at the time the party the
teen was given booze she began not feeling well started passing out her friend took her to a bed
and told her to sleep for a while another teenager was led to the assaulting the girl when she
awoke she felt the flurry continued to a solder she was still groggy when this happened she looks
around she's other students from her school watching the girl passes out again after the assault
when she wakes up someone had put her clothes back on he went home but didn't report the rape
until monday nobody's ever arrested yet got yet that beautiful they all stand around watching
they get a good look probably some of some video taping too i'm sure we'll be letting you know
on our website where you can get copies of the video tape now you talk about suggestions for a
pool look at this one from john and howl and they'll be two four six eight uh eleven thirteen fifteen
sixteen names on here john like i said what group of celebrities what bunch of names
Marilyn and roe we got here we got princes die right how about Bruce Lee what do you say
sure Christopher Reeve you can't get much more uh depressing than that that's tragic
and boy he hates the bushmeister like poison chris reed coming soon to a theater near you
Christopher Reeve is Superman Superman by
hell superman superman quick Jimmy Olson is drowning hey here comes superman here he comes
he's he's in a wheelchair
hurry up superman
okay rest chairman
oh
oh too late
yeah now to call you supergimp
get out of your freak
oh oh car
nothing's happening get on top of the car
car
i think evil dog have finally fitted out a way to defeat superman
with with kryptonite no steps
superman five the search for a bigger doorway rolling into a theater near you
oh
a lot of these are very poor taste right
oh man
too bad uh also on list he's got jane man's field nobody uh knows who that is anymore
he can put a runner if you want uh jim morison i think he's still alive i think he's eaten uh
cheetos in uh mexico city right now
richie you want to put jim morison on here i'll leave it up to you i'll see how energetic
Josh feels now how many names he wants put on her because it looks like we could have a hundred
on here all right richie valence buddy holly the big bopper won't see any of them no more
they must have been that same plane that canton hearis was thinking about flying on
could have been uh we got steve wave one sunny bono oh yeah
took a turn for the horse for that tree poor sunny never liked him at all couldn't stand him
did you like sunny bono sunny and share you didn't like that i'm not talking about sunny and share
i'm talking about him oh just him by himself right i wasn't a big fan andy koffman
curt co-bame
john ballucci and keeping my john ballucci not just the drugs but you know what else i
he was fat he begged combination drugs and fat and look who else is on his list john linen
so
when i find myself in financial trouble i pull rafters comes to me begging sure
remastered let it be
because if we strip it naked then we be who's having new cd you must find once more it's not free
let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be
and when you feed for these old song there's their plenty more we can't please
let you all for help feed our green
if you try to stay long music by downloading empty trees you'll hear from our lawyers waiting
and see
wait and see
wait and see
and wait and see
we will tell you about all
wait and see
okay
we are free
naked green
we are free
that's why we recycle
let it be
let it be
let it be
let it be
let it be
it's our free return
it's now
free
it leaves it good
i think it only
26 past 11 like i said we got we got a bit for everything you know it i love it
it's a beautiful thing that gives an excuse to play a plus a kill some fantastic time
i still see the bushmeister on air the tachy relief with me yes ero tach tach when your
daddy's was talking about tach that was the end of him man better watch your tachs
elvis 28th the most tragic celebrity dead or alive all time tragic elvis 28 brine welson 24
fill heartman 18 marlin brando he's dead by the way marlin brando died and we can find any
information on it maybe they're checking the body out marlin 14 steve reivore 11 day learn hearts got
10 princes dying over here she's got nine robber downy junior eight merlin Monroe six caring carpenter six
i told you this is going to be a hefty list today why the hell not so how do we can give you
something to do over the weekend keep you off the street keep your firm about sticking at
firecracker in the wrong place back home how do you like that story about the guy to kill those
puppies but putting firecrackers in his mouth terrible i say we take the biggest cherry bomb that we
can find and to stick it in his back home and we also take turns lighting it
my my and loco this is for trade oh by city
come on come on come on come on now pack speed
until they make all the money that i made
and while you add it all it's been
so
my
Ã¼
Come on, come on, come on, come on, now tax the babe.
Tax my dog, tax my click and two pay.
Tax my patience, tax my sanity.
Yeah, I'm gonna lose it anyway.
Boy, it will be seen that thread of day.
I'm dying over here.
11, 30, 5, 60, W here.
Let's see is it on their website yet?
No.
No.
Just on the crawl under Bush.
Arlen Brando was dead at the end of 80 scissors attorney,
but of course they didn't want to take the bushmeister off it.
Let's see if the CBC has gone anything on her.
You think?
Because I'm sure they're not carrying the bush speech.
Let me ask you at the top.
We're only a few days past the election already.
No, they ain't got nothing on there.
What about city pulse?
So they got it on there?
They say a lot of people heard and saw something in the busy complex at 2pm.
No, they got it.
What about the MSNBC?
I'm actually they got bush on there.
What do you think?
Newport news for Virginia.
Yes, see?
There you go.
What am I leaving out?
And that's about it.
I guess I'm going to.
What about the BBC?
Wouldn't that be something if the BBC handed on, but I'm sure they don't?
Let's just try and get rich this week.
I think I've got goals.
Well, good for you.
What a joke.
Isn't this pathetic?
That's crazy.
I mean, just to come on here and say he died, I mean, now we know that, but we need to
learn more information than that.
Like what was his last meal and what was his exact weight, about 400?
WDQM, hello.
Not there on line one.
That's things got problems.
QAM, hello.
How about Gulder Radner?
That was a tragedy.
That was a tragedy.
You're right.
Thank you.
Ask Gilean and Rosanna Dana.
She'll tell you.
Gulder Radner, so sad.
We love Gulder Radner.
Didn't we all love her like crazy?
Oh, yeah.
And she died at a very young age.
And then we have Rosanna Dana running around imitating Gulder Radner of course.
Can't stand at Rosanna Dana, uh, Lignan.
What a bitch she is.
Where's that thing I'm looking for?
Oh, there it is.
I am frail, ili and I rust Lignan.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe, come on Easter hour.
Take high and food.
Grind of one oscarous for onto waterfront and the Godfather.
Last thing I went Paris.
Well, he was in so many.
In fact, I probably should get my movie book out, shouldn't I?
Yeah, why not?
Go down the entire list.
And what was that thing?
I can never think of the name of it.
George knows that the one he made with Matthew Broderick where he repreesed the role of the
Godfather kind of where he did talking with the Tig-
What would be a big lizard or whatever that thing was?
You don't know the movie?
The freshman.
The freshman.
Well, I can't believe I remembered that.
Maybe I'm making a comeback.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Neil, this is Jacques.
How you doing?
OK.
All right.
I'm like Dion, the one who I'm wondering whether you ever have a call on who's hated the most.
The policeman, the fireman, the doctors, the lawyer.
Yeah, we've done it in many times, but have a great life.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, what's up?
Is it a pollution on that list?
Can we put him on or yet, Josh?
Who?
John Volushi.
Volushi.
Yeah, he's on.
He's on.
He's on.
All right, cool.
Yesterday I went to sunset, the movie theater to see, for, I'm not 11 again.
Right.
I thought I was going to have an easy time watching it except that everyone could be pretty
going to see Spider-Man.
Mm-hmm.
9-11.
So, now, eight and showing in the 11th of the crowd showing.
Outstanding.
That's great.
So, I'm about to talk.
The good news is a whole bunch of theaters, 12 and browing this starting day.
So, it's all over the place, including some with more than one theater now.
Yeah, I need to see it.
I need to see it.
I'm excited.
Like you, I need to see it again to do my homework now.
I agree with that.
I'm going to get more information.
I'm going to get this weekend.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
All right, Neil.
Let me say it again in the case you missed it.
I hope I didn't smit-can-ed.
I wouldn't do that with I.
Oh, boy.
That would be bad.
I bet I did.
I had the list of all the theaters and software.
I noticed that I told you 22 theaters in the greater Toronto area that they viewed at last week.
Now, it's 31.
Including some, I saw it at the Canada Square last week and we only had it in one theater.
Now, they've got it in two.
So it's on more and more screens.
It's in more and more theaters.
It's everywhere.
How do you like that, Bushmeister?
Okay, we are having some more technical difficulties.
He just froze up.
How do you-
Just as a mention of Fahrenheit 9.11, he just froze up like a statue.
Did you see that?
Yep.
Now, you can't-
You didn't see it.
You're not watching it.
You're watching some pornographic crap.
You're not fooling me.
Girls gonna love one.
Oh, please, please, please tell me I didn't-
Here it is.
I knew I wouldn't do anything that's stupid.
That on my last day before my summer schedule.
It's-
I'm gonna read them all.
It's not that many, huh?
Sure.
Sixth within 60 miles of zip code 33301.
Where is 33301?
What does that mean?
That is the way that is.
I mean, it's-
Well, it's brown.
I think, because 3333-
Mine is 333233.
And I'm 2-4.
Yeah.
Are you in Hollywood?
No, I'm in Plantation also.
No, no.
3332-4?
Yeah.
Oh, 33302-4 is in-
Well, you get me confused now.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, AMC Evan Tura 24 and Evan Tura.
Regal Shredder with 16 and Boca.
Sunrise cinemas in Meisner Park and Boca.
United Artists movies of Boyton Beach.
AMC Cocoa Walk 16 in the Grove.
Regal Magnolia Stadium 16 and Carl Springs Josh.
How you already saw it?
Sunrise cinemas of Typhil Maldir Field Beach.
Delray Square cinemas Delray Beach.
Movies of Delray Delray Beach.
Regal Delray Beach 18 Delray Beach.
And when you go on to see the movie, by the way, don't say,
Oi!
Regal Cypress Creek Stadium 16 and 4 Lauderdale.
Sunrise cinemas Gateway 4 Lauderdale.
Sunrise Stadium 15 in Las Olas River Front Lauderdale.
Swap Shop Driving 4 Lauderdale.
See it at the Swap Shop.
BMC Green Acres River Bridge 8 and Green Acres.
Where the hell is Green Acres?
It's in Palm Beach County.
Phoenix Steeders Lake Worth 8 in Green Acres.
Crown Grad 18 in Haya Lea.
In Haya Lea.
In Crab.
AMC Shirt in Plaza 12 Hollywood.
Regal Oakwood 18 Hollywood.
Crown Abacoa 16 Odyssey Theater in Jupiter.
Regal Jupiter State of May 18 in Jupiter.
AMC Mall of the Americas 14 in Miami.
Regal Palisate in Miami.
Regal South Beach State of May 18 in Miami Beach.
Or isn't that the one where the movie froze up, right?
Kind of like Bush just did on CNN.
Maybe Bush just heard about Marlon Brando Croak.
Sunrise Cinemas Intercostal Law Worth Miami Beach.
BMC PGA Cinema 6 in Palm Beach Gardens.
Maybe Jack Nicholas will interrupt some of his putting
to go see a movie with him.
So, are you know what I'm saying?
He might.
Oh, those golf people, man.
They just make me very angry.
Regal West Fork Stadium 13 in Pemberpom.
Some are Cinemas Intercostal Law.
The Fountains in Plantation.
That's where the beast is taking his lovely girlfriend.
Have you seen his girlfriend?
I have.
And...
Regal Royal Palm.
You know what I'm saying?
The less said the better.
Right.
Okay.
Regal Royal Palm Stadium 18 in Palm Beach.
AMC Sunset Place 24 in South Miami.
Regal Sawgrass in 23 in Sunrise at the Sawgrass.
Sunrise Cinemas in Sunrise Loven in Sunrise.
Real-world Relicants in Senate Maiden Wellington.
BMC Oki Square Senate Maiden West Palm Beach.
There's an Oki-Fanoki Oki-Tulby.
And Carefree Theater West Palm Beach.
So, there's the whole list.
No excuses anymore.
Okay.
Starting today, this weekend,
Fahrenheit 9-11 is everywhere.
And don't be disweighted by any of these idiots.
Christopher H. Insray and these other
negative people who are just all been out of shape
because they can't handle the truth.
Oh, but it's got an opinion.
Yeah, well, it's called a documentary.
And it would seem to me that any documentary
always has an opinion, whether it's about global warming
no matter what the topic is,
it always brings a point of view to the table.
And this one brings a very strong point of view.
And thank God for that.
Thank Michael Moore for that.
And...
Deal, God!
Him too.
Line 9, WQM. Hello.
Hey, buddy.
You got John Lennon there?
Did we get him on air?
What?
We do.
We do.
Hey, how much longer before everyone realizes
the Dixie Chicks were correct?
Yeah, right.
In fact, I think this weekend we should go see the movie again and go on by
some of the Dixie Chicks records, even though I can't stand cut to music.
What do you say, huh?
Oh, right.
Yeah.
All the crap that people took.
And of course it's the same old stuff, man.
The same thing happened during Vietnam.
The same thing happens every time this company does something absolutely
grotesque and unacceptable.
And the rest of the world looks and says, uh...
Oh, my God.
Yeah, starts peeing in their pants because we've lost our minds.
Anybody who dares criticize,
oh, when you're on patriotic, you're on American,
you're not supporting our truth.
Shit, all the excuses, man, to try to shut everybody up.
See, once upon a time when we actually didn't have freedom of speech,
and now we got the, you know, it's based on whatever the hell they decided it is.
What was that?
What was what?
When was that?
Before you were born.
Oh, that's a big way there.
I turn to your old one, though.
Cheyenne remained into Haiti and refused to testify against Christian.
She tried many times to commit suicide and ultimately hanged herself in 1995.
And earlier court hearing for his son, Marlon Brando said he felt responsible
for the events leading up to the shooting.
I think that perhaps I failed as a father.
You, the parents, you always just have blamed the other parents.
But I'm certain that there were things that I could have done to him.
We had no matter what the time.
But I didn't do the best they could.
Christian Brando was released from prison in early 1996.
Marlon Brando had already seen to make peace with himself over the tragedies and disappointments in his life.
It was reputant youth of his life, along with the past.
The only moment we have is right now.
Despite his private sadness, Brando's legacy may continue to be measured by his fellow clients, preserved on film.
And the trade, man, good living, please protect the journey of the courts of war,
and you didn't need a friend like me.
Marlon Brando, who many consider one of the greatest actors of all time,
again, has died at the age of 80.
We understand that he died yesterday in Los Angeles.
His attorney says he died at a hospital there in Los Angeles.
As you know, Marlon Brando started a number of roles on the waterfront and the Godfather were among his most notable.
He earned best actor Oscar for his performance as the ex-Flyder and on the waterfront that happened in 1954.
And of course, who could forget the mafia of Oz Don Corleon and the Godfather of Oz Don Corleon.
Oh, great, too many guillemans.
Can you believe that?
This bitch is on CNN all over North America, and she's hacking with Don Corleon.
I say we can have it look a bratsy occult.
Find that local pisses his five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You am.
Saturday night on CBS.
Eat it is back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Aw, rookie dead.
If you name John Jell-O-Weez.
No, daddy, don't be such a pro.
Now, what ever happened to my little girl?
Look at this.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe you have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
Again with a charity smear on you.
Well, it's true.
So, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
Oh, what about a food?
I could afford a half-bought cheese.
I bet.
If I thought she was pushing up daisy by her.
Oh, now watching.
The last episode was all a bad dream.
It seems so bad to me.
Look, who is it back there, Beaty?
Who is today off?
You can get me in at a bid.
Oh, wow!
That's 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Correspondence School,
where you can learn auto mechanics, gut repair,
all that's you can do.
You can still do more things.
I still can't get over that Don Corley on.
I don't think I ever going to be the same again.
Marlon Brando of the State, they finally got something on their website.
Congratulations to CNN!
They're late to never.
Now, they put it on at 11.30 on the crawl while Bush was speaking.
What time do you think Dave Hagen called us?
It's got to be an hour before that, doesn't it?
Yeah.
At least I mean...
Look at Dave Hagen, a WQ, one of our sports nerd people,
but more stoop than the people at CNN.
He knew about it.
He alerts us to us.
We get it on the year.
Miss Fudge, listening to what Eric Mimebeach,
up in his loft department with his boyfriend,
he puts it on breathlessly, gets it on the website.
That's it, for an hour.
While Bush is going by the beep,
but it will put it like an usual dumb cramp.
Marlon Brando, whose performance is in a street car named desire on the waterfront
and the Godfather, earned him plotlets as one of the greatest actors of all time,
as Dott, as Attorney told the AP he was 80,
he died in Los Angeles, the cause of death is unknown.
Brando shot to favor the late 1940s
with his groundbreaking performance in Tennessee Williams,
play a street car named desire as the brutal animalistic yet shy Stanley Kulalski.
Brando, a devotee of the method,
gave a raw, vital performance that had critics swooning.
Using the technique fostered by the Russian director,
it's kind of like Moisho, it has critics swooning, wouldn't you say?
Absolutely.
When you agree with that?
Yeah.
Good comparison.
What is he out eating now?
You know what?
I think he made a tea room visit and he hasn't come back.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Now, I don't want to interrupt myself,
but I will anyway, when you're dealing with the kind of fat that we have at QM,
he probably, now do you take the cheeseburger with him?
He just came back.
What do you talk about?
I'm talking about the fact that you went to the cheeseburger in the tea room.
That's what we're talking about.
Still in the microwave.
Yeah, bullcrap.
I want, I get it out of the microwave and hold it up so Josh can see it.
And the cheeseburger too.
I want, it's legit.
He did well.
Okay.
Okay, we were positive that you took the burger in the tea room to eat it in hiding.
And fat, I don't want to say it too close to lunchtime.
Using the technique, the method, fostered by the Russian director Constantine Stanislavsky
and popularized at least Strasberg's actor studio.
Remember, least Strasberg was Hanan Rothen, Godfather too?
Was it?
I don't remember.
Oh, he was, you're right.
Actors draw on their own psychology and experience in creating roles.
Zach is busy eating roles. They're busy creating them.
Brando's first film, The Men, in 1950, earned raves.
But it wasn't until the 1951 film, version of Street Carding Desire,
they became a major movie star.
Three years later, Brando won his first Oscar for his performances
in Xbox, Boxer Terry Maloy and On The Waterfront, also directed by Ilya Kazan.
On one of his lines from the film, I could have been a contender has been widely imitated.
Yeah, I always say that.
Every time I think of Norma Kent, I think of, I could have been a contender,
but look at what, Pop Hat Janko, look what I got.
In roles in Street Card Waterfront and the Wild 1 and 53 establish him as an icon of the 1950s,
he followed those parts with hits in the T House of the August Moon,
is that the T Room of the August Moon and Sionara in 1957,
but his career went into decline in the 60s, especially after his manned performance,
as Fletcher Christian in 1962's Big Budget flop, Newtony On the Bounty,
or his act likes to say Newtony On the Counter.
His career revived, however, with perhaps his most famous role,
that have Don Corleon.
I'd like to kick her right in the head with my high heels shoe if I could find one.
She didn't like practice the name beforehand or something?
She didn't know squat.
I mean, she's breathless this stuff in there.
Look at it.
I was just going to imagine many friends and relatives waiting up a practice chair
or Don Corleon from the Strohan.
And don't let this end.
They're good buys to this actor.
Some consider one of the greatest actors of all time.
He was born in April of 1924 in Omaha, Nebraska.
Marlon Brando Jr. was his birth name,
and he made quite a career for himself and...
Yeah, that is.
Sounds like a little girl reading the news.
Doesn't it?
Sounds like some little girl in the sandbox trying to read the news.
Certainly not news, the embarrassing piece of crap.
Anyways, most famous role that have Don Corleon in the Godfather's 72th Director of Francis Ford,
Coppola had only Brando in mind for the role.
A decision not favored by producers who almost fired the film make over the decision.
Coppola was rewarded when the film became a huge monster hit.
It was the highest-grossing movie of all time until JAWS came along,
and Brando's quietly regal, brooding performances in Mafia Kingdom
was the film's centerpiece.
But I wish we had more Don Corleon's drop-ins in here, yeah?
Like...
But...
That aside...
Let me say that I swear.
I'm a soldier and grandchildren.
That I will not be the one to break the peace we've made here today.
When they saw this deliberate violence being laid down on these people,
the violence was in that make us everywhere in the world.
He was strange, boy, you know what?
He was really... really strange.
Am I right or what?
It's not a witch.
I think your brain is going to stop.
The actor filed off the Godfather with a role in a different kind of film,
Bernardo Burr-Lucci's last single in Paris in 1973,
in which he played a depressed American expatement,
who strikes up a charge to fare with the young Paris woman, Maria Schneider.
Brando and Schneider were nakedly fearless both physically and emotionally,
the film was rated X upon its release.
And we don't have a lot of you to hear about Christian Brando,
or all the other tragic, tragic things in this man's life.
No wonder he was eating himself in a gigantic blimp.
That's always a good excuse, isn't it?
Yeah, of course.
A lot of stress.
So I guess the Beast and Zack and Fat Boyd Eric QM,
while they work for Greg Reed,
that must be a good excuse, wouldn't you think?
Stress you out to eat like crazy?
Oh, yeah, that was...
Yeah, that must be it.
Although Fat Boyd was gigantic at IOD 2,
so maybe he had something to do with that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See, this is my psychic powers again coming into play.
Can't believe this happened.
What happened?
I saw that spot yesterday with Brian Wilson on there,
and made me think about how tragic he is.
And I said, you tomorrow's poll is going to be,
what celebrity did it rely on when your best describe his tragic?
And now all of a sudden, here's Marlon Brando dies today.
And immediately we put him on the list.
Certainly, Mr. Brando here in Los Angeles was always in the press,
even up until this week, selling a lawsuit this week.
There was always discussion about his life,
and what he was doing.
And who was he?
Mr. Brando dead at 80, back to you.
Back to you, okay, thank you.
Dominic QM, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Brando's not dead.
No, they put five shots in them and he's still alive.
Yeah.
He had him with five shots and he's still alive.
Hey, you know who died in 1999 in this day?
Who's that?
Mario Puzzo.
Oh, my God, on the same day.
Yeah.
On July the 2th.
What goes around comes around, Pallee.
All right.
Thank you for the bad news.
Thanks for having me.
How are you all going?
Mario Puzzo, the author of the Godfather?
I didn't know no Godfather.
You know, I wonder if I still have that thing on here.
Do I dare?
I don't know what else I might have recorded on this thing.
I might have leading people to the Lord and we're reaching out around the world.
Oh, it's got a lot of different countries.
We're doing videos.
We have a little Pai Robertson always brings up $1,000 a month.
$0.65 a day.
Yeah, $0.65 a day.
And by the way, on Tuesday, I'm going to teach you ways of losing weight.
And it's a possible time you'll save a lot of money.
There you go.
I've got these vandals on the table.
You can send me a ride with Pallee.
You'll lose weight.
I'm going to have $700,000.
New age guru gets a shock.
I know what's got to be on here.
Thanks for the photo, Eric.
OK.
Yes, there's a lot of the behind the scenes stuff on this cassette.
I got over here.
I'm not really sure if I can...
I better not.
I better not.
Well, no, because I had the thing with Frankie Pentangeli on there.
I played it a few days ago.
Remember, Josh?
Yeah.
I didn't know no Godfather.
At any rate.
But you get into these roles and didn't want all the stuff that went along with it, all the trappings
of celebrity that went along with it.
And speaking of those roles, we want you to stand by for a moment, Miguel.
We want to show you a clip now of one of his best roles.
And of course, that's the role in the Godfather.
Make your take the service respectfully.
It comes to me in friendship.
And the scum of your daughter would be suffering this very day.
And then by chance, another man like yourself should make enemies for the environment.
And then they will cheer you.
You got to be my friend?
Godfather.
Good.
Good.
Someday, I'm not daybreak.
I'm not going to come out for a moment.
You're the real service.
But now, I'm not daybreak.
Accept this, you know.
Just as you get started the other day, I'm not going to let it go.
Oh, my God, I'm not letting me.
What do you like that?
Not bad, huh?
Virgin.
I got it found.
In fact, you're almost circulating about Hollywood.
You know who's going to be the undertaker handling the whole set of Bonacetta?
Who's that?
Bonacetta, the undertaker, man.
What's wrong with you?
A lot of things.
Don't you remember when he took the took sentino's body to Bonacetta?
Look what they did to my boy.
And you better, I bet you haven't even seen the Godfather.
You're too busy eating.
No, I've seen it.
Yeah, how many times?
A lot.
Yeah, over and over again.
Unless you see the Godfather multiple times.
Thirty times.
You can never be a real man, okay?
I'm telling you that right now.
Even an old bag like me can tell you right now that unless you see it at least thirty times,
you can never be a real man.
So get with it.
This weekend, that'll be a good idea.
After you go see the other one for tonight and 11 again.
And white chicks.
And white chicks and the Vixie chicks.
And chicks with 1156 and 560 WQM.
Pompadopark is going to explode tonight as the racetrack hits off their fourth of July weekend with a spectacular Fireworks show actor to last live race.
That's the night.
It's a family fun night.
So bring the kids out as there'll be clowns, free face painting, live music and free miniature horse rides.
All starting at some PM.
Room around here is that Hollison Billy, we are going to be in town for this.
There'll be a special early post time tonight, 7.05 PM because of the Fireworks show.
The Fireworks show is to take place at 10.30 at night.
Poker room is open noon to midnight.
Located just in fact the Poker room opens in four minutes.
Located just a half mile from both I and 95 on the Furnpike.
Pompadopark is easy to get to invest in all of the off your free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the Poker room open every Friday and Saturday.
Poker like I said noon to midnight.
And life and get racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 but the night 7.05.
Pompadopark also features signal casting every single day, seven days a week and nights a week too.
Featuring the best in harness racing, thoroughbred high action from all across North America.
Feed a watch and plunge on watch out for a year day.
Never been to highlight?
I went once about a hundred years ago and I was in.
Pompadopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the race schedule called 954-972-2000
or go on a web at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.
Don't forget Fireworks show and early post time 7.05.
Tonight at Pompadopark.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompadopark.com.
Last time I'm dead it worked so good in rehabilitation.
So much for rehabilitation.
So much for rehabilitation.
So much for rehabilitation.
Robert Downey Jr., another one of our favorites on a pool, tragic.
Although he's no big deal anyway, do you think?
A really?
Not really.
Much to do about nothing. I can't stand him.
Anyway, a little more on Marlon Brando.
Brando's perolar could Brando's years of sub this is for you exact this was written in fact it's got your name next to it on this website
Brando's years of self indulgence became apparent later in his life. He weighed well over 300 pounds in the 1990s
You weigh well over 300 pounds? I do not
Close to 300 pounds. Yeah, close. Uh-huh
Anyway, the a freshman Matthew Broadway can 95 Don Juan de Marco with Johnny Depp
Brando's personal life has been marred by unhappiness as the son of an alcoholic distant sexually promiscuous
Parents Brando had a troubled childhood. He was married three times to three ex-actresses and has had at least 11 children
Ranging age from two to thirty-eight. Did you know that? I did not two
To thirty holy moly taken a page from the Larry King songbook old cockers make it babies
Five of the children are his of his ex-wife three of those are his of his Guatemalan housekeeper and three are from his other affairs
One of his children Christian served a 10-year sentence in California state prison for voluntary manslaughter and the death of his sister Cheyenne's fiancee
Dag D'Rolay Christian claimed D'Rolay was physically abusing his pregnant sister and said he accidentally shot D'Rolay in the face during a struggle
Brando in the house at the time gave Martha Martha's Sustatation a D'Rolay and called 911
Brando's daughter Cheyenne in and out of drug rehab centers and mental institutions later was declared to depress the race her child
Custody whom was given to her mother Cheyenne hanged herself on Easter Sunday, 1995
I tried to be a good father people magazine reported Brando was saying on the women's stand during a son Christian tried to the best
I could he would have heard and said that before he said it. I did the best I could
Now we're gonna house that other important or here it is wait to hear this thing about the this is really scary
This is what I do if you're if you're really naive and you don't understand how low America's come
Here's another one for your pull by the way Sam kinesen
Sam kinesen with his famous quote how does one guy look at another guy's hairy ass and fine love tough loss
It says Sam kinesen. Brack them. Hey got it
Got tragic
We're talking tragedy day on Dave Marlon Brando's death
But my psychic powers if they were as good at the race track as they are on this show. I'd be a multi-gillionaire
From all Holland drive is probably one of the most valuable choice
Nor has he chose it who did I just say? I didn't even know he was on air date. I think 120. Oh, brother
I'm scared myself now. It's getting really spooky
Several members of the House of Representatives when you hear this you're gonna be scared
Several members of the House of Representatives have requested the United Nations
To send observers to monitor the November 2nd US presidential election to avoid a contentious vote like in 2000 when the outcome was decided by
Florida
Now we're always talking about 10th world countries where we have to send observers you and observers are
You know impartial observers because we were afraid they can't hold an honest election now
Recalling the long drawn out process and then the Florida nine lawmakers including four blacks and one Hispanic
Senna letter yesterday the UN Secretary General Kofi Ann in asking at the international body the UN
Ensure free and fair elections in America
According to a statement by Florida representative Eddie Bernice Johnson who spearhead of the effort
As lawmakers who must assure the people of America that our nation will not experience the nightmare of the 2000 presidential elections
He said in the letter. This is the first step in making sure that history does not repeat itself
She added after requesting that the UN deploy election observers across the US to monitor the November 2004 election
The lawmakers said in the letter that a report released in June 2001 the US Commission on Civil Rights found that the electoral process in Florida
Result in the denial of the right to vote for countless persons
The bipartisan commission they stressed determined that the disenfranchisement of Florida's voters fell most harshly on the shoulders of black voters
And in poor counties both groups vote predominantly democratic in US elections no kidding
The commission also concluded the lawmakers added that despite promised nationwide reforms of the voting system
Attiquate steps have not been taken when sure that a similar situation will not arise in 2004 that arose in 2000
How do you like that
First the requesting members of the UN to come in and observe because we can't hold an honest election in the US no mo
Shocking
Ant time or website links to pirated 9000 11
A website which opposes Michael Morris posted a link to any legal download of his latest film fair night 911
The site morewatch.com argues that in doing so they're hoping to expose the filmmakers hypocrisy over issues of copyright law
It also includes a link to an unsourced sound bit of more apparently thung reporters
I don't have a problem with people downloading the movie and sharing it with people as long as they're not doing it to make a profit
The download has believed have been taken from a copy that film recorded on a cancord or during a screening
More watch found founder Jim Kineffick says if more was being honest in his opposed comments regarding copyright
Then he should have no problem with the link in a posting that a company that he wrote
Let's see if more really wants
This to be about the working up the money. Let's get as many people to see this for themselves and for free as we can
Mikey if you want to sue me. I'm not hard to find he said
Although more himself is so far made no response to the posting
Other than his can't have threatened to take
Can't pick up on his offer
Of suing him
Tom Ortonberg present the films co-distributed lines gators announced that they're now looking at illegal action
I think it's deplorable what enemies of fair night. I love it. I'm doing you said we're currently looking into our legal options
We're not going to tolerate anybody trying to infringe on this film's release
Those good honest Republicans, baby want to bring morality back to America
That's an honesty integrity and morality back to the USA
Wow
On the other hand
Paul Kroban who never disappoints got a great calm in the times today. I might even read it. You know what?
You know what that means. That means I'm going to read it when I say I might even read it
That means you can bet Josh's life on it that I'm going to read it
Did you make the bet? I just bet. Just changed my mind. I'm gonna read it. I might do more
More public service Paul Kroban. I eat in that sandwich yet. Maybe while I'm reading this you might just kind of eat the sandwich and look
You know let's just sink in. How do I take a bite
In addition to what you said before it was in the microwave. Yeah, it's in there. What's it doing resting? It's relaxing
Before the inevitable
Here's some other tragic people Chris Farley
We just said some kinesan Lynn bias two packs your cooler and notorious b.i.g
What you'll be saying about that. Let's get them all on there. You got them
He's getting them now. Okay. Well, you got you got the facts there some between eating your sandwiches
Here's one that says the most tragic death has to be oh my god
What
You like that? This is fantastic. I want the audience to listen. Here's the question again
What celebrity dead or alive celebrity would you best describe his tragic
Your neal the most tragic death has to be of a well-known Argentinian doctor named RenÃ© Fevilloro
You remember him, don't you? Oh, yeah, he performed the first
a aorta coronary aorta coronary bypass in the Cleveland Clinic and is responsible for teaching hundreds of doctors of his
Verbal visionary process in the US and Argentine and saving thousands of lives
As a compassionate individual he ran a hospital and would treat anyone regardless of their finances
He ran into money problems. Quimkybiz foundation opened took a gun and blew his heart
How do you like that? He's all harder. He used to be anyway
Uh
RenÃ© Fevilloro celebrity. No, does he fit the pole? No, is it anything to do with what we're talking about? No
Let's just make a list of dead people. What do you say? Huh? Why not tragic dead people
Soil Schwartz
Terrible he had Suras baby. That's what I'm hearing
They are just your beautiful folks. You're amazing never cease to amaze
46 for a Phil Hartman. I think I inspired them and played a little bit of that book of Brian
But even though I had a dump little part there we said
Whole
That's okay. No, yeah, I was yeah, it's okay that I dumped it right. Yeah
Elvis 38 Brian Wilson 28 Princess Diana. I'll get back to you Diana
20 Christopher Reve. Now that movie didn't see. I'm sure that right network hidden in my side
What's better network
The movie I never saw I knew it
Puts sorry
Princess Diana 20 Christopher Reve 18 Marlon Brando 18
I thought specifically vote he'd be moving up faster now. He he sure had plenty of his his share, you know what man
Marlon 17 Stevie Reve on 15 Dale R. Hart 15 JFK was I never said JFK in fact
I think specifically I said don't put a money because he's not a celebrity. He was a politician. He was a president
I mean, he was a celebrity in different way, but he wasn't celebrity in the context of what we're talking about today
He was a president. He was a senator. He was a politician type person. See we'll get him off there
Eric will take him right off. Okay
Marilyn Monroe 14 Karen Carpenter a dozen Robert Downey Jr
eight
Kurt Cobain seven never listen by the way to water Ross junior
John Balucci six Bruce Lee six Dana Play-O six
Gilda Radner six Judy Garland for Carol Conner only three
Jim Morrison three Sunny Bono one ten kitties and one and poor Dr. Bob Atkins has none
out of 306 vote
Nette Pressing for Dr. Bob hey look out watch your step Dr. Bob all
Ha ha ha how can I be sitting here laughing Mrs. Cruel
Oh man that's bad
Don't be doing no slip-and-fals folks. It's a bad idea watch your step
In fact when you go to Amsterdam Zach when you're going to get the good stuff
When you're at the airport at Skippel Airport and they have those walking runways you know those moving escalators
Oh my favorite yeah
Well yeah because you're a big and fat like me and you're too lazy to walk so they have all those moving walkways
And when you get to the end of watch your step with a very heavy like Dutch accent watch your step
Kind of cute. I just mentioned that in passing to get you ready for your first trip to Amsterdam. I can't wait
Yeah, you gonna take Josh with you? Sure if you want to go
I'll be right in diaphragm show you all the good spots. I love it
A fast noon in fact maybe I'll go see you and draw you some of his spots too
If you can afford the paper
If you're sick and tired of being uh your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows being locked by spy
Where I get nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers the easiest way to deal with those
Bugs is get you a Macintosh from the Mac Center the Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale
Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than windows. So all those PC pests just get hurt the Mac
The technology expert at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available
Including ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers to trade in
So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 9.5.4
4.8.6.5.100 you won't get a better deal on your macarot pod anywhere else in town because
Mac Center's home of the 5% rebate on air rate purchase
All of these things are waiting for it the Mac Center on commercial boulevard and be sure and tell them that Neil sent you by for extra savings too
Call them at 9.5.4
4.8.6.5.100 the Mac Center in Fort Lauderdale
This is 20.5.60
You way up
That movie I don't care how many they go getting what grease ball gun vod come out of the woodware
I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crud mixed friend
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You don't know what it was come the lawyer. I have not threatened
I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you?
Oh
Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children.
Miramar hello
I want you to take on J. P.
Oh, they feel they really is a great quarterback in a good joke.
I like J. P.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary smooth tops
Oh yeah!
Here's your gotta be jiggle with you.
See you.
Oh, jiggle, thank you more.
Oh, no, no, wait a minute. Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at that. How about this?
How's the weather down there in the mirror mod?
I'm right down the street from you.
Oh yeah.
I have to go.
Oh, I know. Wait, by the way, stop.
No, I don't know. I have to go.
Well, I tell you what.
I'll hold you open up right now.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
I know.
No way!
That was the only color we had.
The things on your nose is blowing again.
They're blowing, blowing, blowing.
They're blowing, blowing, blowing.
They're blowing, blowing, blowing.
They're blowing, blowing, blowing.
Wow!
You got things with you, say.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those losing symbols.
You call my eye, my eye, my eye.
If you go looking up there as you see.
A road map of Yipsa and Z.
You got your heavy sun.
Way to die, die, die.
My nose glows when something steams.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins suddenly start to tickle.
I had annoyed and annoyed, annoyed, annoyed.
Yeah, I'd go like a bonnet bag.
And my heart almost crumpled, cried.
The little steps built with wimble veins.
And my mind in front of those
the waves and turn up their stars to rain.
Oh, you know how the breathing
might old lady kinda...
There, there, there, there, there.
The bow on the head,
find her,
the tw Mercier.
Tis the lab!
Go till.."
å°æ™‚ the lab,
oor dod dod, dol.
here in the near times and guess what they're talking about on CNN on
stuff now.
Orlando.
Marlon Brando died.
That's what he could have done with.
Yeah.
Marlon Brando says that the New York Times, the rebellious prodigy,
electrified a generation and forever transformed the art of screen acting, yet
whose erratic career, obstinate eccentricities and recurring
tragedies, see there's that word tragic, prevented him from fully
realizing the promise of his early genius, his died, he was 80.
He died at an undisclosed Los Angeles hospital Thursday, his lawyer David
Jay Ceeley said that they, cause of death was being withheld.
Young audiences, who knew Mr. Brando was a tabloid curiosity, and
overweight target for late night comics with his own private almond
off Tahiti, might be surprised to learn that a one-timey was a truly
revolutionary presence who's drove through American private culture like
lightning on legs.
Certainly among the handful and during the great American film actor, some say
the greatest, he's also been without question the most widely imitated.
Virtually all of the finest male stars who've emerged in the last half
century, from Paul Newman to Warren Vady to Robert and Eurot Lear to
Caprio, contain some echo Mr. Brando's world-shaking paradigm.
Simply put in film acting, there is before Brando and there's after
Brando and there are like different planets.
He had like Orson Well's another famous prodigy who battled Hollywood only
to see himself battle a bone into cartoon version of his early brilliance.
Mr. Brando's legacy is built on a surprisingly small number of roles.
How's your sandwich, by the way, Zach?
Still relaxing.
There is his epicol Stanley Kuala's intensity William Street
Kernem desire role he created in on Broadway in 1947 at the age of 23 and then
played in film in 1951.
And then there's his performances, the fatally noble Mexican bandit in
Divas Apata in 1952.
Two crucial roles followed in 1954 is the first in long line a leather clad
mixed up teenagers in the wild one and his Oscar-winning turn as Terry
Malloy, the boxer who could have been a contender in on the
waterfront which may consider his finest performance.
After that explosion of creative fire there followed a huge gap of
years filled with intermentally compelling but largely unmemorable roles
and more than a few outright disasters before a stunning return to form
with the godfather in 1972 and last hangover in person 73.
Through it all, Mr. Brando was often combative and moody iconoclasts, a
polarizing and enigmatic figure who generally stayed out of the public
guy when he did speak about acting about politics about genetic engineering,
about any of the passions that worked on his rambling mind.
He revealed a strict mixture of self abgnation and egomania.
Self abnegation?
Is that like self-deprecation?
I guess so.
A stardely number of the increasingly rare interviews he gave were simply
jousting matches between an end of the interviewer all about how much he
hated doing it or how he wanted to expose the whole process as a
phonic commercial exercise.
On a few occasions where he seemed to let loose and speak what was really on his
fertile mind such as in a crushing profile by Truman Capote in the New Yorker
in 1957 or in a pair of truly odd appearances on Larry King live in the mid-90s,
he got himself into trouble and more often than not he would express content
for the craft of acting.
Acting is the least mysterious of all crafts, Mr. Brando once said,
whatever whenever we want something from somebody or when we want to hide something
or pretend we're acting most people do it all day long.
It kind of sounds like reggae, you know what?
That actor.
He described himself as a lazy man always looking for ways to make more money
for less work.
Now we're talking.
Yeah.
More money, less work.
No wonder I like him so much.
Notoriously lacks about learning at his lines he would sometimes have them
written on cards just out of camera view.
Supporters said this added spontaneity to his performances.
If a studio offered to pay me as much as sweep the floors it did to act that I
sweep the floor he said there was anything that pays you as well as acting
why do you decide what the hell you're doing good to do with yourself.
Who cares about the applause?
Why need to pause to feel good about myself?
He said and this goes on and it's like aiming in pages long.
How do you like that?
Colin Brando, we still dead.
Here's one I was going to read a couple of minutes ago also from the Times
today.
Paul Krugman, my favorite, my hero.
Speaking of Michael Moore, after all that deprecating crap in the
website where they're trying to like see it.
Here's what I don't understand.
If it's such a bad movie and if it's all full of lies and so it's terrible then
why do they want people to see it in the first place much less
to see a part of a video tape version of it?
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Why are they offering it to people to see because that's only going to expose
more people to it and if even only one out of a thousand people that are going
to go to that website see and say you know something the fat guy's got a point.
Maybe it'll like blow up right in their push.
Paul Krugman writes Moore's public service.
He says since it opened, Fahrenheit 9-11 has been a hit both Blue and Red America
even at theaters close to military bases.
Last Saturday, D.L. Earnhardt Jr. took his NASCAR crew to see it.
The films appeal to working class Americans who are the two victims of George Bush's policies
should give pause to its critics especially the nervous liberals
rushing to disassociate themselves from Michael Moore.
There's been much tough cutting by punnets who complain that the movie,
though it has yet to be cut in any major factual errors,
uses association in a new window to create false impressions.
Many of these same punnets consider it bad for them to make a big fuss about the
Bush administration's use of association in a new window to link the Iraq word in 9-11.
Why hold a sub proplanned plumbers to a higher standard than you hold a present of the US?
And for all its flaws, Fahrenheit 9-11 performs an essential service.
It would be a better movie if it didn't promote a few improving conspiracy theories,
but those theories aren't the reason my minions of people who aren't die-hide Bush haters
are flocking to see it. These people see the film to learn true stories they should have heard
elsewhere, but didn't. Mr. Moore may not be considered respectable, but it's almost a hit
because the respectable media haven't been doing their job.
For example, audiences are shocked by the now famous seven minutes when George
Bush knew the nation was under attack but continued reading my pet goat with a group of children.
Nobody had told them that the tales of Mr. Bush's decisiveness and bravery on that day
were pure fiction, or considered the Bush family ties to the Saudis.
The film suggests that Mr. Bush and his good friend Prince Vandar have insulted the ambassador
known to the family as Vandar Bush, and try to cover up the extent of Saudi involvement
in terrorism. This may or may not be true, but what shocks people I think is the fact that
nobody told them about this side of Mr. Bush's life.
Mr. Bush's carefully constructed persona is that of an all-American regular guy,
not like his suspiciously cosmopolitan opponent, with his petrition heir.
The newsmeek have cheerfully gone along with the pretense. How many stories have you seen
contrasting John Kerry's upper crusty vacation on an tucket with Mr. Bush's downhome time at the
ranch? But the reality revealed by Mr. Moore is that Mr. Bush has always lived in a bubble of
privilege, and his family far from consisting of regular folks with deep roots in the heartland
is deeply enmeshed financially and personally with foreign elites with the Saudis especially.
Mr. Moore's greatest strength is a real empathy with working-class Americans that most journalists
lack. Having stripped away Mr. Bush's common man mask he uses the film to make the case in a
way statistics never could, that Mr. Bush's policies favor a narrow elite at the expense of less
14 Americans, sometimes the need at the cost of their lives. In a nation where the affluent
rarely serve in the military, Mr. Moore follows marine recruiters as they trawl the malls of the
press communities where enlistment is the only way for young and women to escape poverty.
He shows corporate executives at a lavish conference on Iraq nibbling on canopays and exulting
over the profit opportunities then shows the terrible price paid by the soldiers creating those
opportunities. The movie's moral code is a harrowing portrait of a grieving mother who encouraged
her children to join the military because of the only way that could pay for their education
and will lost her son in a war whose justification she no longer understands.
Viewers may now come away from Mr. Moore's movie believing some things that probably aren't true.
For example, the movie talks a lot about unikels plans for a pipeline across Afghanistan,
which I doubt had much impact on the course of the Afghan war. Some day when the
crisis of American democracy is overall probably find myself be rating Mr. Moore,
who supported Ralph Nader in 2000 for his simplistic anti-globalization views, but not now.
Fiery Night 911 is a ten-dentious flawed movie but it tells essential truths about leaders
who exploited a national tragedy for political gain and the ordinary Americans who paid the price.
Pretty good stuff, huh? Paul Kruman and the New York Times, it's on our website today.
Even Zach was impressed. Huh?
See what did I tell you? He went and saw the movie.
Loved it. Loved it. But when I read the bedtime stories, man, his mind is on food.
Make no mistake about it. 12.26 at 5.60 QAM.
Line line and local. Here's sports radio 5.60 QAM.
QAM.
Line on the hand.
Yeah.
I don't know if I can help you.
Yeah, couldn't you probably just run for a share?
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, uh-huh. 5.60?
Yeah, three.
Patrick?
Yeah.
Ah, you just thought he's supposed to talk to someone named Fu.
Oh?
Fu, so Fu?
Okay, how long do you think I can, okay?
Yeah.
Huh?
Hello?
How's that?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Huh?
Uh-huh.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You got a restaurant for sale?
Huh?
Uh-huh.
How much you want for the slot?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Does exact pricing include uh- all the walks?
Huh?
Huh?
What?
Jammadasa.
Chinese.
Janshanese.
Okay, you can go to the- from the boss.
Until axe
Oh
All theã©?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
And back to the way.
The next one is for the boss.
The next one is for the boss.
The next one is for the boss.
And back to the way.
The reason I played that is during...
Just before that break, my phone was ringing in the other room
and I wondered who the hell would be calling me now in the middle of the show, right?
I got no packages. I'm expecting it's a holiday weekend.
And instead of being a voicemail, I hear it ringing again.
So we get the spots going in. I run in the other room thinking who knows what this could be.
And it's...
It was the first in my life, the first wrong number in Chinese.
Oh, right.
You got one number, one number.
Oh, okay.
One number.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, don't forget.
Join QM today, 2 to 4 at the Hooters on Pines and University.
By the way, before I do the promos here, you've inspired me.
I got all these important bedtime stories and I'm going to read them all.
Oh, right.
Because it's so obvious that you hate to need even more than Miguel.
So I'm just going to read all of them.
Okay.
No, I'm serious.
I'll then Campbell's unique DWI excuse.
Who seeks to mobilize religious conservatives?
Because we're somebody thanks that I had it already.
It's on our website, but thanks anyway.
I'll carry advice, presidential decision draws near.
Somebody might be interested in that.
Here's the latest poll.
In fact, there's an online poll that I think you might even you might find interesting.
How do you like that?
Even a putz like you.
Really?
Bill Cosby has harsh words for the black community.
You've seen that all going on, haven't you?
Yes.
Pentagon's stalling on the probe and doing...
Abu Gharram.
Yeah, these are important things.
Much more important than talking to some of these nerds.
Now, actually this week we've, the callers have been pretty good.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
Well, you, I'm talking to Josh.
Josh is sitting there listening to the morons calling day after day, right?
Well, it's a special week.
Is that what it is?
Maybe because George is near.
I think George attracts him like a flies-to-way Schmidt pile.
Maybe he's a maggot magnet.
You never know.
Could be.
Because we've had a dearth of those people.
Not that I'm complaining, although we didn't have, we had Ron a couple of...
Hey!
Just to make sure that he could introduce himself to Zach.
I was happy about that.
Yeah.
Please, please, hey!
Give him some pros, Zach, and the common-down.
He'll be all right.
And we actually have Blaine Mike there with part of the story in about Phil Henry and IOD.
I guess he couldn't see the rest of the story that Phil was moving to 10 o'clock at night.
Are you sure?
Join QM2 to foot today at the Hooters on Pines and University.
Stop by to win some Marlon tickets.
Man, I'll tell you this town to give away more tickets, more games, and you...
It's just amazing.
And enjoy specials on Miller Beer.
That's a two-day at the Pines Hooters.
And I bet you Miguel is doing both of these deals, is he?
I'm sure he is.
Yeah.
Because if there's free beer, any kind of free booze, he's always there.
The QM panel will be at Hulligan's pub tonight, 6-8 pm.
Stop by to win some Marlon tickets or...
I see, it's just a stop by Marlon tickets.
Now, we just give him away.
We just give him up on the idea of spinning that wheel or having a go.
We just hand him out to anybody who shows up. What do we do?
Well, that's self-explanatory.
You know, free Marlon tickets.
It's a stop by Marlon's tickets.
Yeah, he didn't...
That was a shot, I mean, go.
Yeah, he didn't think you would catch that before he was upset.
I see.
He made a little typo.
Stop by Marlon's tickets and enjoy specials on Presonant A Beer.
It's at 6 pm.
I saw it and I corrected it the first time myself, but I'm not going to let him off the hook,
because he's been a lot of free booze.
I'd like to at least know if they're going to spin for the tickets or if they just come by to the...
See, this is called just trying to give you audience a little information.
Just a little bit of friendliness and fan-something appreciation.
If you're going to get...
They're just going to show up and expect Marlon tickets.
Well, fine, and we'll give him a whole bunch, because I'm sure we got plenty.
Sixth of night, see what they're doing.
Holigons pub 9555.
Sautics see highway and Kindle and find out why Miguel's got the good drugs or the good stuff.
Okay?
White House Derby, here's the part after this story, Zach, in fact, you can eat your sandwich after I finish this one, okay?
Okay, perfect.
Are you gonna?
Yeah, I might.
Why?
With no bun.
No, you're not.
I know, I'm not.
I want to report on it.
Why do you need the bread?
Does the bread taste good?
Yeah, the bread tastes pretty good.
No, it does not taste good.
I know, it does taste good.
Don't suck up the Joe so much, okay?
Just because charade is a sponsor, I mean, the charade a million times, I love their food, but the bun is no big deal.
Okay, like McDonald's, like Wendy's, any bun.
A bun is a bun, you know what I mean?
Unless it's on a...
Breakfast.
...with a different kind of bun.
That's another story to sneak your teeth into.
Which sounds like you're a...
Well, anyway.
Here's the online pool by MSNBC.
Wait till you're this.
Now, well, first I'll give you the regular pool.
The one that just came out.
Okay.
If I can find the damn thing, this goes on for about 400 pages.
Here it is.
The NBC News Wall Street Urinal Survey released this week Wednesday.
It shows Bush 45 carry 44, making it a statistical tie, nader 4%.
But the online pool, if the presidential election were held this week, for whom would you vote?
There are...
There is of this morning before the show, 161,400-won responses.
That's a lot.
That's a lot of people.
Bush 43%, carry 54%, nader 2%.
How do you like that?
All right.
Bush 43, carry 54, nader only 2%.
Now, see, this is supposedly not scientifically valid.
For some reason, their pool is supposed to be valid.
And this is just online, you know.
And we know just from the example of this show.
We know that any pool we do on mine is always scientific, isn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Make no mistake about it.
For example, the one we got on there right now.
We got enough tragedy on there.
Now, we don't need any more.
I would tell you that we don't have the VGs singing tragedy.
Just like when Morris went to Mount Sinai, that was a tragedy.
In fact, you know, something...
There's one thing in there that I can't...
We'll have to dump.
Listen carefully now.
Maybe I can actually get it out.
I was standing there one day, not thinking I was dying,
from being able to make you do do do.
I should better keep making download.
I think that must be trapped inside my vowels.
How can you die from the fact that bars?
Who let these put your doctors in?
Now my heart's stuck.
You smoked to Sinai for my intestines out.
I think that's far enough.
I mean, my press lock, because I'm sure there's probably something there like a raspberry or two.
Glenn Campbell's unique DWI excuse.
Glenn Campbell defends himself against his drunken driving.
Charged claimant that he wasn't really that drunk, but he was just over served.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, I'm using that.
Right.
Campbell was arrested in November and he was finished so much after causing a minor traffic accident.
He played a guilty DWI stream drunk and driving and leaving the scene of an accident was sentenced to 10 nights in jail.
I wasn't really that drunk.
He told civic hated entertainment TV show Assetz Hollywood in an interview.
I was just over served.
Campbell also said he didn't remember anything because he was in a blackout mode.
Exhibition of any of who were released on Tuesday.
A mugshot showing you showed a scowling, Campbell.
We've all seen that one.
When I saw the mugshot, I said,
who's that guy?
The 68 year old singer said everybody says it's the devil, but it isn't.
It's God's way of telling you to slow down.
Campbell is reported to a finished year where he'll serve time for the accident.
He was sentenced to 10 days is expected to spend nights in jail and days on work furlough.
He's barred from drinking a drinking alcohol during his two years probation.
His string of hits include rhinestone, rhinestone cowboy.
Galveston, gentle on my mind, by the time I get to penis.
And as a matter of fact, we do have a Glenn Campbell, but there's one I can play and one I can't.
And because George and I went through this before, I'll find it eventually.
Okay, I just want to make sure because I don't want to have you guys a bangin' at button all over the place.
It would be bad.
Burst.
My fingers on the trigger.
Make sure it's look really bad.
Okay, here's how our scientific poll is turned out so far.
What celebrity did or alive when you best describe his tragic?
How about Maurice Gibb?
All he did was go to the hospital for like a minor thing.
He had like a bad gas or something and bought a big nut.
I was at the, they've butchered him up good.
Mostly him no more.
Right?
No way.
Get him on there, Maurice Gibb.
As in Maurice.
Got it?
Got it.
Phil Harbin 58, Elvis 46, Brian Wilson 29, John Lennon 28.
Well, I don't teach those abigis to be taken up my seats on air.
I'm Erica West when I'm trying to go to Vegas a few years ago.
Bunk me back to business class and I went back to a coach with a story about, well,
somebody canceled your reservations, but we'll put you on coach anyway.
Can we get on to playing the whole first class is taking up with the VGs?
I guess he won't be doing that no more, will he?
No, he won't.
Brian Wilson 29, John Lennon 28, Princess Diana 27, Christopher Reeve 23, his tragic.
And he's really pissed off at the bush people.
I'll play to that.
Foming at the mouth.
Marlon Brando 21.
We only said we could, we, they couldn't confirm that anyone named Marlon Brando was there,
but we were certainly welcome to call back later.
The cause of Mr. Brando's death is also not being released by lawyers,
saying only that he is a very private man.
We do know that Mr. Brando suffered from chronic heart problems in recent years.
I can't imagine why Zach.
The legend on Larry King tonight, nine o'clock, especially on Marlon Brando.
And they're not wasting any time.
I told you once they find out about this, eight night comics and comics.
Okay.
Marlon Brando 21, Dale Earnhardt 19, Marilyn Monroe 18,
Karen Carpenter 17, boy, every time you eat another sandwich, you should feel bad for Karen.
Stevie Ray Vaughan 16, Bruce Lee 14, John Belushi 11, Robert Downey, Jr. 10,
Kurt Cobain 9, Dana Plato had eight, Yolder Radner's eight,
Judy Garland 5, Carlo Conner Ford.
I'm I'm surprising into him better, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
We love Carlo Conner.
Rupfews.
Oh, no.
Bone Brando.
Larry King and Marlon Brando with a smooch on the lips.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
The most disgusting thing I've seen in a month.
Jim Morrison, Trees, and Kineson II, Chris Farley's got a pair of Sunny Bona,
one notorious B.I.G.'s guy, one.
Dr. Bob Atkins, don't have any in Tupac, has a, he's a smoothie.
Oh, this is Sports Radio 560.
You A.M.
It's new and it's at Burger King.
Godfather Trilogy Action Figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlars drink.
And that's a superlars drink.
No exceptions.
Get Sunny in his favorite garbage can.
So you could beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sunny's sister.
Or get the bullet brittle body of Sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow, isn't that great?
And press all your friends with the done himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather Action Figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's at Burger King.
Even Zach would eat at Burger King.
He'd almost eat anything, but I guarantee without even asking, you wouldn't eat that crap, wouldn't you?
No, I don't like it.
Not a big meat sponsor or Burger King.
I mean, if you want to say something like that, just go out and nod the tires on your car on some truck out there.
Just nod a couple of tires.
A couple of good years.
It's a good idea.
A shocking image of a blood-spattered president bush devouring a headless child as causing an uproar to the New York Post today.
The drawing by sculptor Richard Syra based on a painting by Goya.
And I've told you there just too many Goya months there is one of them.
Is being used to promote PleaseVote.com.
Build as a call to vote the Bush administration out of office.
PleaseVote.com.
It appears on the back of the nation's July 5th issue.
Ironically, Syra, a past recipient of NEA grants, was once praised by First Lady Laura Bush in a White House press release about one of his pieces at a Texas Museum.
His tilted arc once graced federal plaza in Lower Manhattan until it was destroyed in 89,
punted Andrew Sullivan, that self-hating fag, with a death wish, labeled the Bush image and obscenity and simple demonization.
Well, how do you like that?
For Andy Sullivan, maybe he can mend his wounds with maybe a misfudge will lick his wounds.
I better be careful.
Bush seeks to mobilize religious conservatives.
Oh my god.
President Bush seeking to mobilize religious conservatives or re-electioning all before getting to this,
I think it's much more important about Tom Brady and that Cadillac.
Do you see that?
No, I didn't.
Well, you know how he won the Cadillac again for being MVP of the Super Bowl again?
Oh, yes, that's yes.
Yes, there was a ball game that night, Virginia.
I know that it's hard to understand, but there actually was a Super Bowl and the pick is one probably the most exciting Super Bowl of all time.
But all they know about is the flat Puginich action and the booby like crap, flat with the crap.
So at any rate, he was supposed to get, he was able to pick this Cadillac or that.
So he picked something, I don't know, the SUV or whatever.
Escalade?
No.
At any rate, the one he won, it wasn't in production yet.
So they said, well, it's going to take his period of time.
So six months went by and no Cadillac.
So then he picked an alternate one, I forget what the hell one was, it wasn't the Escalade, but whatever he wanted and they didn't have that in stock.
So just today at the Boston dealership, or this is supposed to show up, his Cadillac showed up there, and he said, I'm not driving that damn thing.
I don't want it.
He's pissed off and fired up because Cadillac jerked him around.
You don't mess with my boy Tom Brady.
I'll pay you that right now.
Okay.
He'll give you what for basically said, take your Cadillac and stick it.
I guess you guys probably take it.
Oh, yeah.
Then you can probably go through all the drive-throughs, you can go through the Taco Bell and through the Wendy's, Toyota Decal, Arbys.
What, you like Arbys?
No, I have any.
I better not rip Arbys again because every time I do that, we get a hostel, I hate cars.
We got some list of who works at Arbys, I guess.
I like Arbys.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, you got bad taste.
What do you like about Arbys?
I got like market fresh sandwiches.
Market fresh sandwiches.
Oh my God.
Can you believe he said that?
No.
Hey, they're not bad.
You are so brainwashed, man.
Market fresh sandwiches.
What kind of a puts would say that?
I mean, market fresh, just because you see that in their ads and you're, you're, don't you see how many days?
Hey, it tastes good, you know.
Okay, well, I would have been a lot better than saying they got market fresh sandwiches.
Jesus Christ Almighty.
It's not like a commercial.
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead.
I do like it, Arbys.
Are they still make this potato cakes?
No.
I don't think so.
Yeah, they do.
Get out of here.
Sure they do.
The little potato cakes, those little chunks of potato?
I thought I knew it.
You better start studying your Arbys, mister, because you know what I was squat.
All you know is about those market fresh sandwiches.
Yeah.
And they got the roast beef.
Be careful on that roast beast, man.
I'd be real nervous about that.
Yeah, that's plastic.
Like, would a plastic meat, would that plastic, melted plastic cheese?
Arbys was great in the beginning, way back in the day.
Oh, man, it was good.
I remember an Eastlancing Michigan.
When I was a Michigan state, you couldn't beat it with a stick they had.
They used a certain counter cheddar cheese that was like real tangy.
Oh, man, it was good.
I don't want to get zack on there.
But it was really great.
Now it's kind of like, like you said, that was the word plastic.
But maybe you like plastic market fresh sandwiches.
Now the market fresh is fresh.
Yeah, like what?
What do they make?
They got turkey, turkey bacon lettuce, which is good.
Okay, I'll take you work for it.
What about the subway?
Now I can't stand subway, but they do have those ancons wraps, huh?
Yes I do.
Don't ever eat it subway.
Oh, I would hardly concur with that.
And what about now?
Nobody doesn't like Taco Bell, right?
Hey, Taco Bell.
Oh my God, now!
Now we've got a real serious problem on this show.
How I have never met Josh.
You like Taco Bell, okay?
Yeah, I love it.
But what's not to like, what is it that you don't like about?
Is it that greasy beans?
The refried beans that are like mush?
I don't eat tacos or anything with burrito.
See, I don't, whatever I get there, I don't get beans.
I'm not into beans.
I'm not a bean guy.
I just haven't hung around George that long, but I'm interested in beans.
See what I'm saying?
I can't stand.
Especially mushy beans.
Ooh.
But like you get the burrito supreme with no beans?
Have you ever had a burrito supreme to Taco Bell with no beans?
No.
You'd love it.
I never had anything from Taco Bell.
Well then, how do you know you don't like it?
Because I don't like tacos and stuff like that.
I've had tacos before I don't like them.
But what about burritos?
Faberitos before I'm not a big fan.
You better watch it if you're suddenly going to hit your head
with their chalupa before the show's over.
God, I cannot believe you.
But it's good.
That's excellent.
See, I'm glad that I didn't even arouse your appetite there
by talking about it.
Not at all.
You talk about Taco Bell, I'm not going to get hungry.
Uh-huh.
Burger King sucks.
Yeah.
McDonald's, you impress me as being a guy,
even though you're not fond of it, you probably would make a pit stop every now and then.
It's a trick of me not getting smagged.
Yeah.
Oh.
President Boise-Sikin mobilized religious conservatives for his re-election campaign
as a church-going volunteer to turn over church membership directories.
Campaign officials said yesterday in a move sharply criticized by both religious leaders and civil libertarians.
The Boise-Chainy campaign is issued a guide listing about two dozen duties and series of deadlines
for organizing support among conservative church congregations, listing about two dozen duties and a series of deadlines.
A copy of the guide obtained by Reuters' director of religious volunteers to send church directories to state campaign committees,
identifying the churches that can be organized by the Bush campaign, and talk to clergy about holding voter registration drives.
The document distributed to campaign coordinators across the country earlier this year also recommends that volunteers
distribute voter guides in church and use Sunday service programs to get out the vote drives.
We have specced this election to be potentially as close as 2,000, so every vote counts and it's important to reach out to every single supporter president
Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.
But Reverend Richard Land, who deals with ethics and religious liberty issues for the Southern Baptist Convention,
a key Bush constituency said he was appalled.
He said, oh my God.
First of all, I would not want my church directories being used that way he told Reuters an interview predicting failure for the Bush plan.
This is the one of the haunchos for the Southern Baptist Convention.
The conservative Protestant denomination who 16 million members strongly backpushed in 2000, held regular drives that encourage church goers to vote their values said Land.
But it's one thing for us to do that. It's totally different thing for a Protestant campaign to come in and try to organize a church.
A lot of pastors are going to say, wait a minute, Bob, he added.
And that's exactly what it says here.
BUP, wait a minute, Bob.
How do you like that?
Never heard the expression, Bob before.
We used to have Boba.
You know, we got Bob.
I think Bob is perfect for the Bush people.
Bob, you never heard that before?
No.
Well, let me just put it to you this way probably and not because Jews don't say Bob.
That's probably the reason why.
Rednecks say that, Bob.
Wait a minute, Bob.
The guide surfaced as a spade of opinion poll showed Bush's reelection campaign facing a tough battle.
I already gave it those numbers before, yadi, yadi.
Stanzel said the campaign ended the month of June with $6400 in hand for Bush.
He had no figures in how much Bush has raised in June.
At the end of May, Bush raised $213 million in a dollar, but spent all but 63 of it.
The latest effort to martial religious support also drew fire from cyber liberty, liberty's activist concerned about the constitutional separation of church and state.
Remember, you used to have that?
Yes.
It used to be fine.
Any coordination between the Bush campaign and church leaders would clearly be ill-eagle,
set a statement from the activist group Americans United for separation of church and state.
They'll cut!
Aim into them.
So there you go.
These are those honest people I'll say it again, I wanted to bring integrity and decency back to Washington, V.S. Man, V.S.
They're shoveling out by the crap load.
Phil and Mudgate, who generally is a marginal factor at best, says, Frank Zappa was a tray.
Yeah, you're right.
He ought to be on there, right?
Yes, sir.
In fact, now again, we have to be very careful because you're only a little bit...
Hey there, people, I'm Bob and Brown.
This is the how I'm the cuteest boy and down.
My car is fast, my teeth are shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Here I am, at a famous school.
I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my...
Okay.
I think that was it out.
Good timing.
Yeah.
Anyway, Frank Zappa was a tragic ending and was misdiagnosed before the discovery of prostate cancer and gave him a dezen.
In addition, his genius has not yet been fully appreciated.
Well, it is on this show, Phil and Mudgate. Good choice.
Thank you, your redeem yourself today.
Excellent.
Poor Frank Zappa.
I won't see him no more.
By the way, I figured out what Bob would be in the Jewish families.
Boba.
Boba.
That's my guy.
Yeah, that's not bad.
That's good.
If I may see any expression, Boba-la.
Yeah.
Maybe it comes from Boba-micees.
Maybe that's what it's got to do with.
It's possible.
Or maybe Bubby.
Who the hell knows?
Anyway, so let's see.
There's one that's good for the go-in, but for the Jews, everybody can use it and abuse it.
Five six, so I'll take a couple of calls, but I got the heavy duty, I got big fist-of-fire here between now.
I can't believe that they don't have those potato cakes.
I'm sure they do.
Never heard of them.
I want a full report on that next week.
WDQM, hello.
Yeel.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Well, this is exactly how Hitler got the churches to back him up.
Yeah.
Well, it's the wildest I had cleared you with them.
And he promised them all kinds of things.
So this way, he said, when I take over Europe, you guys are going to be in control of the remaining-
All of these things.
Yeah.
So anyway, he's trying the same game as Hitler did.
Okay, have a great weekend of calm down.
Calm down.
Just take two and call us in the morning.
WREST will give you a Wilmos von number.
12.56 at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, Pompato Park is going to explode tonight as the race pet kicks off their due-
Life Fourth Weekend with a spectacular fireworks show after the last live race tonight.
It's a family fun night.
So bring out the kids.
There'll be clowns, free-pace-
pace-painting and free-
face-painting, too.
Although I like the pace-painting better.
Live music can be miniature horse rides.
All starting at 7 o'clock tonight.
They're a special relief post-time tonight, 7.05 at the PM because of the fireworks show.
The fireworks show will start at 10.30 tonight.
Pokoroom is open from noon to midnight.
So open right now as I speak.
He's going to plunge your lungs right now.
Easy to get there.
It's just a half mile from both I and 95 on the Florida turnpike.
And Pompato Park gives you free admission free-general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the Pokoroom are open every Friday and Saturday.
The Pokoro goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25.
They'll forget early post-705 tonight.
Pompato Park is also open every day of your life.
Seven days a night's a week for the best simulcasting.
With harness racing watch out for Ray Fisher Jr.
Thoroughbred and Highlight Action fall across North America.
If you're watching Flungeon, look out for Roger Mayot.
Pompato Park and Block South Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road 4.
The current race schedule or direction is called 9.5.4.
9.7.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.
Go online at Pompato Park.com.
Don't forget the big fireworks show tonight.
Post-time 7.05 at Pompato Park.
My, and local, this is Fort Real 5.16.
Way to A.
Stop on to two hour!
Hi, V.
Having trouble falling asleep?
If conventional sleep machines, with settings like gentle rain and battling brook, don't help.
Get the John Kerry sleep machine.
It looses you to sleep with the mind-numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech.
I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine.
My international strategy is centered on an argument.
And before I know it,
I'm your face to breathe!
The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood, from tax reform.
My new payroll tax credit would restore my life.
I'm getting so sleepy!
I'm on my way today!
To the economy.
Before we can lay the foundation of economic problems, we must leave the foundation.
Get the John Kerry sleep machine today.
And with any luck, you'll sleep right through the election.
I'm John Kerry, and I approve the John Kerry sleep machine.
Available wherever my sleep machine is approved by John Kerry.
What I'll do if it sounds like I'm eating I am because you inspired me a little Canadian Teter cheese here.
Nice.
Good.
No carbs, low cal, or maybe not.
Just a little slice.
Did you eat that sandwich?
I did.
And?
It was delicious.
What's the name of the bread?
What a pig.
I'm going to crawl under this console.
I'm just going to sit on the floor until 2 o'clock.
I can't believe you.
You have a death wish.
Make no mistake about it.
No, I don't.
Yeah, you do.
You don't think you have a death wish.
You have a death wish.
Make no mistake.
Is there any doubt, Jack?
I don't know.
You know.
Good sucking around.
I don't know forever.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's probably what I'm delwers is thinking too.
That's probably what Marlon Brando was thinking too.
Just before he had that last Krispy Kreme donut.
Oh, Krispy Kreme.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing.
They put the clothes on on the door.
If they saw Marlon come on a Krispy Kreme, they immediately ran to the door and put up that clothes sign.
Speculation, if John Kerry ever wakes up, I should point out.
Speculation continues to run rampant about whom Democratic presidential candidate senator John Kerry will choose as running mate.
And when he'll make a formal announcement.
Oh, you're also going to look at this pool.
Maybe you ought to do it.
Which one?
CBSNews.com.
And when you get on it, they have a pop question over the right hand side.
Whom should John Kerry choose as running mate?
Let me tell you something.
And the problem with this is look who's missing on there.
I don't see Hillary on there.
And isn't that the big rumor that the Miss Fudge was starting?
Isn't that the thing they planted in his website the other day?
Yep.
I don't see Hillary on there.
Well, why would that be?
Okay, I'll tell you what we're going to do.
Although Eric, Eric maybe even wants to.
I was thinking we ought to change the pool now.
Okay.
After one?
We'll as soon as Eric gets around to it.
I'm going to give it to you right now.
All right.
Let me read you the result of the first one.
I mean, it was okay.
We didn't get a staggering result.
But that's there's nobody else.
Listen to anybody's vacation.
Phil Harbin 62, the most tragic celebrity dead alive of all time.
Harbin 62, Elvis 54, John Lennon 40, Princess Diana 33,
Brian Wilson 31, Christopher Reeves got.
But third man.
Marlon Brando 22, he's dead.
They learned how 21, Karen Carpenter 20, Marilyn Monroe 18.
Oh, I just give over a whole bunch of them there.
Stevie Ray Vaughan 17, John Balushi 17, Bruce Lee 16,
Gilder Redner dozen, Kurt Cobain a dozen, Donuts.
Robert Downey Jr. 10, Dana Plato 10, Judy Garland 6,
Sam Kinnison 6, Carol O'Connor 5, Jim Morrison 4.
He used to eat at Morrison's, by the way.
Do you know that?
No, I didn't.
No, he didn't.
Chris Farley 4, oh, going.
They're out of business, aren't they?
Aren't they all something else now?
Piggadilly or something?
Yeah, they all change their names.
No, all their customers died.
Oh, that could be all right.
Frank Zappert too, Dr. Bob finally got one.
Dr. Atkins won, Reston Pieces, Sonny Bono won,
Motrice B.I.G won, Morris Gibbs got one.
So I love the way you spell Morris.
I didn't know he was Jewish.
And two pack don't have any out of 464.
Okay, the new poll will be because CBS don't know how to do it right.
You people at CBS suck.
How do they pathetic or what?
Anyway, now see whom.
Whom should he choose?
Isn't that pathetic that they put in grammar like that?
Why can't we just eat more easily for the slums that we got?
Who should John Kerry's running rate be, right?
Okay.
And that's some better.
You got it?
Who should John Kerry's?
I hope Eric is less now because you can't change it, right?
Eric's got to change it.
Right.
That is correct.
He says with a chuckle.
Well, Eric does want to give you full control because then what do we need him for?
I mean, who should John Kerry chooses as his running rate?
I know Eric is a laborer love.
Just calm down.
Don't get all whipped up.
Start sending a bunch of psychotic messages to Josh on your little box there.
Just calm down.
And here's the list they've gotten and will add Senator Hillary Clinton, right?
We see it.
I think during the break, I'll fix it because if I read this on here, it's really ponderous.
I'll just read it real fast and I'll fix you the list.
Even though I'll fix Eric the list, it'll make it easier, okay?
Okay.
And I'll write on top Senator Hillary Clinton.
Because that's what everybody is talking about.
That's the buzz.
Evidently, the people at CBS don't read the Fudge Report, which is probably a good idea, but nevertheless,
they're not in all the gossip going on.
The Boston Globe reported yesterday that Kerry's announcement could come as early as next Tuesday in Pittsburgh,
but the Kerry campaign is told to CBS do the report is wrong.
At least the part about Tuesday in Pittsburgh because Kerry will be speaking to African Methodist Episcopal leaders
and Indianapolis and to the NEA Washington later that day.
So there you go again, the Boston Globe.
A decision is expected soon, however, sources told CBS knew that the staffs for leading vice presidents for a presidential contempt is,
it would have to be ready to clear their schedules for next week in case the decision is made then.
Kerry is currently hold up at his vice-farm in Pennsylvania, preparing for the Democratic Convention Boston into this month,
and finalizing his decision on a running mate, Kerry has shrouded the selection process and secrecy.
The vice-presidential candidate's most often mentioned are Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack.
Heard of him only once and that's when we read his name on the website on the year.
You know who that is?
Nope.
He's gonna say, but he else.
North Carolina Senator John Edwards and Representative Dick Gebhard of Missouri.
And there's only one thing to say about that last week, you know what it is?
Another Dick in the White House?
Right.
The Globe said Kerry's also considering other potential candidates along with Delaware Senator Joe Biden and Georgia Senator Sam None.
See what she's talking about is in reference to Dick Nixon, see?
Got that?
Gotcha.
Before he started in all panicky, which I'm sure you did.
A little bit.
Kerry has also reportedly made overtures to John McCain, but McCain has squalced that speculation by the nine that he'd run with Kerry and campaigning with President Bush.
A recent AP poll conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs suggested that a majority of registered voters want Kerry to pick Edwards,
and they've got the poll over here on the right. I'll read him down now. Thanks, it's Eric.
Who should John Kerry pick as his running mate?
Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator Evan Bye, General Wesley Clark, Senator John Edwards, Representative Dick Gebhard, Senator Bobby Graham, Senator Bill Nelson,
for Senator Sam None, God forbid.
Governor Bill Richardson, Governor Tom Hilsack, who?
Governor Mark Warner, and don't know.
Well, why do they always have to put don't know?
Huh?
Because maybe people don't know.
Well, I'll tell you what, I'm going to cross out don't know, and I'm going to put I don't care I'm for Bush.
How's that?
We always put that on there.
Oh, that works?
Doesn't that make more sense than don't know?
If you don't know, just let it bug off.
Get lost.
I don't care I'm for Bush.
Can I make it this easy for Eric?
Because I know he's under a lot of stress with the left food, especially when he's talking about arbise.
Now, did anybody, well, we're not taking the calls, but nobody faxed or told anything about the potato cakes.
No.
How much really ought to bet on potato cakes at arbise?
How much really ought to bet?
1,000.
Some of the potato cakes.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Maybe somebody tomorrow on Monday will bring you some in.
That's a really good idea.
Bring it.
Of course, you'll have to eat them up into microwave.
Pretty damn good.
Better than those thinking little potato, those tater tots they serve with the forge.
I realized this was years ago, but I mean, they serve you a steak with tater tots and you're like microwaveable
and they're like so hot that they can just burn your guts out at a place like the forge that's supposed to be so fancy,
fancy, and a hoydie to it, and where people get every now and then.
Right.
Every day to the forge?
No.
Don't.
I actually had a member of the food was good enough, but when they had frozen tater tots, I kind of like turns my stomach.
So I'm going to fax this to you and I'll fax it to Eric and life goes on.
10 after 1560 QA.
5 and the local, this is 560.
There are years on yours now.
QA.M.
There's a bio that I've written called my life.
About one house days soon Hillary will be bitter.
10 million.
That's what they paid.
There's a chapter all my impeachment and the heavy in turns.
I've point in the hall.
I got busted for my cheating.
Oh boy.
In my life I wrote it all and besides my skanky lovers.
There's some crap in there about my policies, but those pages won't get noticed.
So just think of them as a waste of trees.
Still I hope you go and buy yourself a copy.
So I can sell more than Hillary.
Then you can read about a girl who's fat and sloppy.
For my life ain't read it, geez.
Oh baby.
150 but then Eric doesn't waste any time.
I'll tell you that he's got half of that new pull up there already.
And before you know it and just a matter of moments I'm sure you'll have the whole thing.
And that's pretty good.
Good work.
Refresh the whole thing.
I'll probably be up.
You think you got it?
Well I put them in so yeah.
How the hell do you do that?
Well he just put up the pole I put in the options.
Well I'll be damned.
That's great.
See more of it.
And they're all there.
Let's see.
I'm voting for.
I'm not going to say I'm voting for it.
We start getting some votes.
Okay.
I'm voting right there.
I just stuck my thing right on it.
Here's the fact from Devon who says three things.
I want to give props, i.e. respect to Bill Cosby.
I got to Bill Cosby thing right here.
Bill Cosby's my new hero.
He's got some serious balls.
We stood up and said some very true and important things to his black audience.
Two.
A friend told me that our rush limbo show yesterday,
where she actually admitted that Bush might lose.
All right.
And three.
Have you noticed that Al Zakari is getting all the press and being credited with all the mayhem in Iraq instead of bin Laden?
Maybe he's who they're going to parade around and try to sway the election to the right.
Look we got Al Zakari.
There's the really bad guy forget about bin Laden.
He was small but that is after all right.
Just like they're doing with Sodom now.
Look we got him.
We got him.
Anybody care?
No.
We got him.
Anyway, getting back to Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby went off another tirade against the black community yesterday telling you room full of activists that black children are running around not knowing how to read or write and going nowhere.
He also had harsh words for struggling black men telling them stop eating up your women because you can't find a job.
Cosby made headlines and may when he operated some poor blacks for their grammar and accused them of squandering opportunities.
The civil rights movement gave them.
He shot back yesterday saying the tractors were trying to invade the black community's birdy laundry.
Let me tell you something your dirty laundry gets out of school at 230 every day.
It's cursing and calling each other the N word is they're walking up the down the street.
Cosby said during an appearance that the rainbow slash push coalition and cis and to education funds annual conference.
They think they're hit the entertainer said they can't read.
They can't write.
They're laughing and giggling and they're going nowhere.
In his remarks in May of a commemoration at the anniversary of the Brown versus Board of Education desegregation decision.
Cosby denounced some blacks grammar and said those who commit crimes and wind up behind bars are not political prisoners.
I can't even talk away these people talk why you ain't where you is and I've blamed the kid until I heard the mother talk.
Cosby said then and then I heard the father talk.
Everybody knows it's important to speak English except these knuckleheads.
You can't be a doctor with that kind of crap coming out of your mouth and he is absolutely correct.
Cosby elaborated yesterday in his previous comments and talking about several times by applause.
He castigated some blacks saying that they can't simply blame whites for problems such as teen pregnancy and high school dropout rates.
For me there's a time when we have to turn the mirror around he said because for me it's almost analgesic to talk about what the white man is doing against us.
And it keeps the person frozen in their seat.
It keeps you frozen in your hole you're sitting in.
I wonder how the hole he was talking about.
Better not say it.
Cosby lamented that the racel slurs once used by those who lynched blacks.
You know a favorite expression of black children and he blamed parents.
You put on a record that is yelling in this and in that you've got your little six year old seven year old sitting in the backseat of the car.
Those kids hear that he said.
He also condemned black men who missed out on opportunities and are now angry about their lives.
You've got to stop beating up your woman because you can't find a job because you don't want to get an education.
Now you're earning minimum wage. Cosby said you should have thought more of yourself when you were in high school when had an opportunity.
Cosby appeared yesterday with the publicity seeking Reverend Jesse Jackson found her in prison of the education fund who defended the entertainer's statements.
I'm sure that's why he said it to statements.
Yes, sir.
Bill is saying let's fight the right fight.
Let's level of playing fields.
Action said.
Drum people can't do that.
Elitira people can't be doing that.
Cosby also said many young people are failing to want to the sacrifices made by those who struggled and died during the civil rights movement.
Dawgs water hoses that tear the barcow trees.
Emmett Till he said naming the black youth who was tortured murdered Mrs. Cippy in 55 allegedly for whistling a white woman.
And you're going to tell me you're going to drop out of school.
You're going to tell me you're going to steal from a store.
Cosby also said he wasn't concerned that some whites took his comments and turned them against our people.
He said let them talk.
Bill Cosby for a vice president.
There you go. That would be good.
Oh, I'm not sure how that would work out.
I was going to say get a gigantic black hope with all the stuff he's talking.
I might have the opposite effect.
Anyway, let's see.
Look at this.
Josh, I hate to break the news to you, Mr. In fact, here's the menu.
You better learn your fast food, Mr. Cosby.
I'm telling you right now you ain't got it.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Arbys.
When you go to Arbys, you go inside or through the drive-through.
Nobody goes inside anymore.
No, I just said the drive-through.
Yeah, well see what you're doing unfortunately is you're not stopping long enough.
Cos you're all whipped up and you're thinking you know what you want, but you don't know what you want.
You're laughing.
What do you mean?
What's on the menu?
They got the potato cakes.
Potato cakes.
Right here.
Here's the fact from MJ who says if you'll show up a minute, Arbys does have potato cakes.
Check out page four of their website's nutritional guide printout.
Here it is.
Thanks MJ.
Garden side sell it in.
It doesn't say anything here about market fresh.
Says nothing about market fresh.
It says Josh was just saying that because he's open for some free food for Arbys.
Well then he's an idiot because that's what I order when I go there.
They have a bunch of sandwiches that you can order.
You order what?
I order the turkey bacon, you know, lettuce, whatever.
Yeah.
Does it say market fresh on there on the thing there in the menu?
And you drive market fresh sandwiches?
You can order the BLT.
He's doing it.
He's doing it.
He's talking between his teeth again.
I got you whipped up.
It's a nervous thing.
Market fresh sandwiches.
Don't have to get all bent out of shape about it just because you made a mistake.
I make a big mistake here every day sitting down at 10 o'clock.
There's no mistake.
Homestow fries, small, medium or large, potato cakes to each baked potato, plain or with butter or sour cream, broccoli and cheddar potato,
do I have a whole list of jalapeno bites?
That's what I always say.
jalapeno bite, now do you get those?
I have before.
Much of all the sticks?
Yes.
Onion petals?
That sounds like crap.
That sounds like a pork's use for onion rings.
Yeah, basically.
Crap.
Bacon biscuit.
What?
Ham biscuit.
This is breakfast crap.
Sausage biscuit.
Bacon and croissant.
Ham and cheese croissant.
Got a whole list of crap here.
But right there in the middle of it is, in fact, up to the top, potato cakes to each.
I knew they wouldn't discontinue that because even though they usually do discontinue something that's too good, they've had that for years and years.
Next time you go, they're wanted to try it.
I'm gonna.
Sure is how better than fries?
All these people would have freaking fries like those damn Dutchmen, man.
What's the big of trash with French fries?
First of all, usually they're very, very salty.
That's number one.
And number two, unless you just father them either with like they put mayonnaise or ketchup or some gravy crap like they do in some places here, they have no taste.
Well, they're very good when I try them.
How you're high in here?
Any food.
I'm gonna give you a little lesson right now.
Believe me, I know food.
I've eaten more than both of you put together in just this week in your lifetime.
Cindy says Christopher Reeves shouldn't be on the pool.
He's not dead.
Well, guess what, Cindy?
Let me read that original poll question again.
What celebrity dead or alive would you best describe his tragic?
Cindy, shame on you.
Isn't this amazing?
First he says happy July 4th and he says he shouldn't be on the pool.
He's not dead.
Can we say he ought to be, he's got to be dead?
Are you surprised?
No.
No.
Or here's more of the menu.
Look at that.
Market.
Yeah.
Oh, Mr. Smarty pants.
They're teaming up against me now.
I think they're like that one.
Yeah.
Oh, no, I just was curious because I never heard that before.
Probably because I don't see any of their spots.
I'm sure we have Arby's here.
We have all of the crap.
You know, even Burger King is here McDonald's.
Wendy's.
We have Harvey's here, which I never had it, but I think I might try it very soon.
It's really good.
Harvey's.
Not Hardies.
That's in the Florida got Hardies.
Harvey's with a V.
As in vagina.
Market, fresh, roast turkey, ranch and bacon.
That sounds pretty good.
Roast turkey, creamy, ranch spread.
That's what I read.
Oh, red onion rings.
Now those real onion rings?
Sure.
Why not?
We think so.
But what does that mean?
Oh, in other words, that's on the sandwich.
Oh, there's onion on the sandwich.
Well, they call them onion rings, but what they really mean is red onions slice and red onions.
Yeah, that's what they mean.
Yeah, they don't know for money in rings that Arby's.
Market, fresh, ultimate BLT.
That sounds pretty interesting.
I might actually try it someday if I live long enough, but I have to be a long time.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you're watch.
I'll be getting hate backs as they're calls from the Arby's people again.
Definitely.
They're just very uptight about it.
I mean, I don't have to like their food.
They're doing fine, I think.
I mean, there's a lot of bitter choices, but they're doing okay.
I'll forget, join QM2 to for the staff note.
If the Hooters on Pines and University stop by to win Marlon Tickets and Joy's Specials.
I'm Miller Beer.
That's a two today at the Pines Hooters.
Miguel will be there to hand out some free drugs.
And the QM Vanneleby at Hooters at Hulligan's pub tonight, 6 to 8 p.m.
Stop by for Marlon Tickets, which you might win or get free or who knows.
Maybe you'll find them on the floor and enjoy specials on President A. Beer, 6 to 9 at Hulligan's pub
at 95-55 South-Tixie Highway in Kendall.
Do you have any idea the excitement, the tremendous rush in my system now that it's...
I shouldn't have said rush.
At almost 25 after one.
Yes.
And this is the last hour like, see if you only probably this whole day I've got now.
You stay about the whole summer back in the day, a couple of years ago.
And then they did this thing with the apartment here in one of Amsterdam, it's long since history.
And then I agreed to do the Tuesday and Thursday thing, which was stupidity on my part.
I didn't need to do that.
Greg, in fact, let's rethink that right now.
But even so, the only bad thing about it is when it gets toward the end of this deal,
and believe me, it goes by very fast, two weeks.
It gets toward like about the 20th of August and a week after that I've got come back.
Then you start thinking, now it's another 10 months before this thing comes along again.
You don't understand?
I do.
And when you've only got six weeks vacation a year and 45 days off for holidays and 15 weeks sick leave,
I mean, it's pretty tough.
We got votes on there already, baby, and at least we know our poll.
CVS doesn't know their poll from your ass, man.
62 votes on our second poll.
Who should John Curry choose as his running mate?
John Edwards 31.
John Edwards is God.
Bob Thirdman.
Bobby Graham 11.
Hillary's got 10.
And they've been put around there.
Wesley Clark 6.
I don't care I'm for Bush 2.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Two.
A dwindling crowd of Bush people.
Well, that's what his name is on.
Former Senator Sam None 1.
Representative Dick Givhart 1.
Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico 1.
Governor Tom Hilsack of Iowa 1.
Governor Mark Warner.
None.
And Senator Evan By 1.
What's wrong with him?
I guess they don't like.
By by by!
What's wrong with him?
He's good.
Good guy.
Although I don't think he could win in the end of for them.
So what they'll good is he do.
See him Sam?
No good.
Unless you got a running mate who can help you win their state.
It's kind of a...
Evan By is good though.
Son of Birch By, long time in the end of Senator.
Wait before you were born.
Oh yeah.
Okay, we're talking at Arby's this hour.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
Arby's in Market Press sandwiches this hour.
Arby's versus...
Arby's versus Charhot.
And of course it's no contest because Arby's is an advertisement WQA Am.
I don't think.
Do they?
I don't think so.
No.
WQA Am hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is that Neil?
It sounds like me, yeah.
Oh, hi Neil.
This is the great niece of the Cacamoon lady.
Oh, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
And I just wanted to call and say, have a happy fourth and a good son.
And that's all I have to say.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for the night.
Thanks for the night.
Thanks for the night.
Still there.
Shelter show with us forever.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
Well, wasn't that sweet?
27 after 1 at 5.50QAM.
What are you going on?
We're sports radio 5.60.
QAM.
I'm straining up here.
I'll do it.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
That's why I had my share, man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a Reno Scargo Parko Middle School.
I've been a soda buffalo Toronto.
Went school stairs.
So the winter dawn knows the hot one.
Homegrown, the camp of Panama, battle of a lot.
We're going to South Carolina.
And also a home up.
And Arizona.
And then we're going to South Dakota.
And Texas.
And New York.
Nice to meet you.
We're men.
I've been everywhere, man.
We're going to California.
And New York.
We're going to South Dakota.
And Oregon.
And then we're going to head my share, man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a Krona.
I knew that it was a Krona.
And the Boston Child's and Dave Luey.
And Oregon.
We're going to California.
And Texas.
And the Phoenix Dollop is a blimp.
Run, black rock, winter, rock.
And we're going to South Dakota.
And Michigan.
And Lake Devils Lake, Creator Lake.
And we're going to head my share, man.
I've been everywhere.
And then we're going to watch it.
And we're going to see the things that go way out.
Yeah!
Yeah!
One thirty two and five sixty.
Everybody good now.
Rick says.
He says, chronic Rick facts and says since you changed the pool,
how about adding Howard Dean, it'll list.
And of course, that's my bad.
First I'm pitching out CBS for leaving Hillary off of there.
And I like it all how he deem.
The only thing I'm think is he might be a little bit too shrill for Kerry.
We're going to get the job done.
I can't tell you that I knew I was here because I could smell the burgers
and I could smell the onion rings.
Man, I apologize to Zach.
I take it back.
There's nothing we can do about it.
See?
You were just surrounded by a see of food.
Even Kerry, who generally looks like a dead man in a suit.
Even he's very animated.
Look at the smile on his face talking about there.
Those great burgers and fries and onion rings out there wherever he is right now.
He's on his bus tour through Middle America.
Maybe he's in Charha.
That could be it.
All the way I think they got him there.
You never know.
Wow, wow.
That is scary.
So we'll put our dean on there.
Josh, you may need to know that sooner.
100 votes.
See, they like this.
Pull better than the other one.
And Cindy, you ought to be ashamed yourself.
You can't put the...
You can't put what's his name on there?
Who was it?
Chris Reeves.
Yeah, because he's not dead.
Oh, brother.
Senator John Edwards, 48.
Senator Hillary Clinton, 16.
General Wesley Clark, 13.
That was my vote.
I can tell you now.
I voted for West Clark.
Nice.
You don't like that?
I guess not that good.
John Edwards, to me, I think, is overweighted.
I don't see that he's got that much pull.
You know what I mean?
Gotcha.
North Carolina.
Is he going to win North Carolina for caring?
No.
No.
Wesley Clark might win Arkansas if a West Clark and Bill Thinand Bubba
put up, you know, a big one, two punch there.
Senator Bobby Graham, 13.
We love you, Bobby.
We'll learn the ancient side.
It looks a little like how he do it.
But we love him.
Oh wait a minute.
Just changing.
Bobby Graham just hopped over West Clark.
Graham, 15.
Clark, 13.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 7.
Wow.
6%.
Dick Givhart III.
Howard Dean got one.
We just put him on there at a heartbeat.
He's got one.
Must be Rick.
Former Senator Sinon of Georgia, real redneck right-winger one.
Governor Bill Richardson won.
Governor Mark Warner won.
None yet for Evan Bayer, Tom Pillosek.
You want to know why?
Why?
I'll tell you why because nobody knows Evan Bay.
That's why.
They have got no idea who that is.
Good answer.
Here's something important you just facts to me.
Thank you whoever sent this in.
Florida fights back resisting the stolen election.
The film made by Floridian's at Ground Zero.
It says where would we meet it if we had an investigation of the 2000 presidential election?
If you've seen Fahrenheit and I love it, you must see this film.
Florida fights back shows you how a crime was committed against democracy in the year 2000.
And how the politicians from both parties took the path of least resistance.
Through all of this you'll see the need to stand up, speak out and take action.
From girl of protest footage to confrontations with politicians to interviews with investigators,
this film tells you the greatest story never told.
Go back to the scene of the crime to hear the evidence and watch the people's resistance,
featuring interviews with Greg Palyas, VBC investigative reporter,
bestselling author, why love is great.
And Vincent Bullioci, formerly deputy dean, bestselling author,
will probably tell you how Patty Hurst is doing.
Winner of the director's pick for best documentary, 2003 Mini-DV Film Festival.
Now July 10th, 7.45 at a PM.
Now what day is that?
It's a week from tomorrow, right?
A week from Saturday?
Yes.
At the Miami Beach Cinematheque, 5.12 espaniol away at Miami Beach,
there'll be an encore showing of Florida fights back at 9.45 PM.
Seedings is limited.
Tickets are 10 bucks.
Advanced tickets can be purchased at www.flordafightsback.com.
FloridaFightsBack.com or, by calling the theater, 305-673-4567.
305-673-4567.
That's a week from tomorrow, 9.45 PM, Miami Beach Cinematheque.
Have to buy tickets in advance.
I guess.
Seedings is limited.
So be sure to catch that.
I know both of you are going to be over there with Belzahn, positive.
Oh yeah.
If there's free food, that could be there.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marla's Line.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, near Rodgers, please.
Speaking, yes.
Okay, I'd like to ask you a question.
Yeah.
Okay.
We're at 9.11 and Randy Rhodes and Howard Derny, he's held near Rodgers, etc., etc.
What do you make of this George Bush re-election?
Now let's slow down and run by that again, because that was really more than I could digest.
Let's see, with Thern, 9.11 and Howard Derny and Randy Rhodes and Neil Rodgers,
what do we make of this George Bush re-election?
For the life of me, I don't know what that means.
Okay, like for instance, George Bush is running on a platform that the wall is the right thing.
He's running on a platform of fascism as good for, yes.
Yeah, exactly.
And the problem is, the people of this country, we're stupid.
Are stupid.
Are stupid.
Yes.
You're going to ask, is this a rhetorical question?
In other words, you don't know that?
No, because guys like you and other people like I said, Thern and Rhodes and Thern, 9.11,
getting out in the media or in the air.
Isn't that going to make it change with me?
I don't know what the way people think.
We'll see.
Oh, forget we haven't even had the first convention yet.
The Democratic convention isn't until the end of the month.
And why doesn't John Kerry get out or is he running away?
There's a thought.
He begins here in Cloquet, where for 100 years, you have lived that spirit.
How dare they drag the good names of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's
party, torture, prison.
Abu Gharram.
Reconomy and fed your families.
And over the next few days, that bus right over there is going to continue our trip across
the heart of America from independence, Wisconsin to independence, Iowa.
And little known to anybody, I know it, at the crossing of Route 53, Highway 53 and 33, we
passed a parking lot called Independence.
And that's truly independent.
I'll tell you.
What?
We're going to visit towns.
We're going to visit farms.
We're going to march in the parades.
We're going to eat barbecue.
We're going to play a baseball.
And we're going to celebrate who we are.
All right.
How do you like that?
Josh is really, I mean, Zah, as that was Zahk.
Whatever your name is, Zahk is really sold big time.
I'm tongue-tied. I'm so excited about this.
I'm never too new after reading again.
It's just hopeless.
He's got my vote.
He's got my vote.
He's got Bobby Cue. He's got those great burgers.
He's got onion rings in fries.
And Zahk's going to vote 40, 50 times just to make sure.
It's a win.
My man, oh.
This is for 20 bucks.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Yeah.
Oh.
Let's abuse the more prisoners.
They then scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
Should be used.
Use you to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam.
Who's saying?
I'm not in on the hands.
Don't lie.
All the hard burn.
Don't go, don't.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That three-tired idiot with you.
Don't go, don't go.
I'll keep you.
I'll keep you.
President Thump.
Republican muscle.
And in our kingdom and idiots.
I don't know why they want this guy.
But now he's here.
There's no connect for you.
With President Thump.
Oh.
Oh.
What I give to.
Go both once more.
And get to we all voted for.
If you want this.
Don't come along.
If strumming stupid teeth.
Don't go home.
And this drug and rich kid.
Don't go, don't see.
Even.
Dumb or the meat.
Please, President Thump.
You don't care what it's all.
You got him here by hook or cross.
The Christian road.
You will die of a hell no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
Are you sure?
With President Thump.
You don't want to say as homie once.
Shame on the dog.
But whatever.
To me, I just can't.
That's so beautiful.
But I was perfect area in the movie.
When I grade.
That was hysterical.
Wasn't my favorite part though.
No, I wouldn't say the best part.
But it's a great way to end.
What was your favorite part?
My favorite part was when he was standing in front of Congress trying to sign the congressman's kids up.
They were like, look, he had him.
Running away.
Some of them were running away.
And then the one clown.
Oh yeah, you're absolutely right.
I grew with the epitome on the arm and like, Waltz in a way.
Like, who the hell?
Are you kidding?
There's two advisors going, come on, come on, come on.
I still think the beginning of part of the movie were they rehashing the election and just,
and then the scene, the frustrating scene there in the joint session of Congress were a goal where they're like,
all they had to do was have one senator to sign the protest against the certification of the election result.
And there's Al Gore, no less of all people.
The president of the president of the Senate, Al Gore standing up there and shouting them down.
Well, if you don't have a senator's vote, because they just buckled.
You know, they're collectively buckled.
They decided behind the scenes.
They just gave in.
Very sad.
And I'll just mention this again, because this is the heralds version of the same story we had the beginning of the show.
But it was well worth mentioning speaking of fixed elections.
More than 2100 Florida voters, many of them black Democrats could be wrongly barred from voting this November,
because Tallahassee elections officials included them on list of felons, potentially ineligible to vote a herald investigation is found.
Oh my God.
A Florida division of elections database lists more than 47,000 people, the department said, maybe ineligible to vote because of felony records.
The state is directing local elections offices to check the list and scrub felons from voter rolls.
But a review by the herald shows at least 2119 of those names, including 547 in South Florida, should not be on the list,
because their rights to vote were formally restored through the state's clemency process.
That's a potentially jarring flock, which is saying the state that turned the 2000 presidential election to Governor Jeb Bush's brother George on the
deferred to voter rolls of an eligible voters.
State election officials acknowledge there may be mistakes on list, but insist they build in safeguards to make sure that eligible voters are not removed by local officials.
They say that they've warned election offices to be diligent before eliminating voters, and if flagged possible cases in which voters on list may regain their rights.
We've been very clear that this database is not to be considered the final word, Paul Crafty, for the division bureau of voting system, say, yesterday.
We told the local supervisors they need to be very careful with it.
Right. We have complete trust in the voting system in the state of Florida.
Right? The people in Palm Beach County just love to resell a poor.
We know that Katherine Harris will probably be out of town on a dinner date with Jeb that night.
So nothing to worry about, right?
Not at all.
Man, who the hell they bullsh mitten?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Who should John Kerry choose this running mate? That's our poll question today.
Much more scientific than CBS.
144 votes. John Edwards 85.
Man, he's way out in front. Nobody can touch John Edwards.
I know some people who'd like to, but nobody can.
85. General Wesley Clark 28.
Hillary's got 21. Good old Hillary.
You go, girl. Bob Grave 19.
I don't care. I'm from Bush. 15.8.1%.
Howard Dean went up there nicely with 8.
To give hard for, Bill Richardson 2.
Former Senator Sam Nahn 1.
Mark Warner 1.
Tom Bill 2.
Evan Biter sitting on the big O.
They're sitting on the big O.
And he better push him off.
Can you believe that thing in the very Jackass column about the big O being a girl he's
replacement on?
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I can believe it.
You think that's acceptable?
That's what they put, you know, he's been on there with Howard.
Well, I understand that.
But I mean, it's a permanent replacement.
Moe and Holy calm, man.
Holy Joe, it's Moe and that's just, it's just beyond
belief.
That's like oil and lots of water.
It just makes no sense to me at all.
I'm listening, but they're gonna, and I'm not even talking about him.
We're talking about the big O.
Just coma inducing, man.
Don't do it, Greg.
Don't do it.
You young man, you got your whole life out of you.
Don't do it.
What I'm really thinking is go ahead and jump.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, I'd want to add to the poll.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Max, I didn't hear him mention it.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Poor Max Cleveland, the Republicans butchered this Vietnam veteran war hero, quadriplegic,
and it's just, again, no matter what happened, like they got it said before, it's like the American
people are like frozen there in suspended animation.
Except, of course, for these millions of people all across the country that go out to see
the movie.
I'll say it again.
A dozen theaters in Broward now.
We had only three last week, and now we got a dozen for Fahrenheit and 11.
And the thing that amazes me is that everybody, all these critics, even the ones who claim
to like it, they are all critiquing this and critiquing it.
Just go and watch it.
You don't have to critique anything, especially if you haven't been paying any attention.
I mean, a lot of the stuff I've already read about these bedtime stories on the show.
We've had it on our website over the last year or two, but most of the people, they're
oblivious.
I'm sure that everybody who goes to see it will find things in there that they didn't know
before.
And even if they knew all of the facts or alleged facts in the movie, just seeing like
the thing where he's sitting for the seven minutes in the classroom reading my pet goat
and seeing his reaction that deer in the headlights look on his face, that should be a fly
opener right there.
What do you think?
They could have ended the movie right there, and I still had a different thought on
a bus.
I mean, especially with the clock running there, you know, 901, 902, and you see the clock
running, he's still sitting there and he's a...
Scary, it takes you breath away.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Line 9 is always a winner.
QAM.
Horia, I knew it.
Can smell it.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I'm curious to know, have you started reading Clinton's book yet?
I have not bought it, and I will not buy it.
I'm not interested.
I love it, but I'm just not going to read a 975 page book about Bill Clinton's life.
I don't.
I got too many of the important books to read.
Well, my next question is, apparently you don't have the audio book either, would...
I think they make some entertain drop-ins if you guys would like a copy of it on audio.
Really?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, we could take some clips out of there.
I would be happy.
I won't be able to do it today, but I'll go by station on Tuesday and do my...
Excellent.
The one I like the best is this is a bunch of hoot.
That's one of my favorites.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pallee.
Thanks a lot.
Have a nice board.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, YouTube.
On 52 at 5.60 Q.A.M.
Bye-bye, local.
Here's sports video 5.60 Q.A.M.
Friday, you bastard.
Come on, everybody.
Get into the spin.
Now that he's been in for however long he's been.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
I'll take your finger out of me.
I'll see how good there'll be.
Everybody, do the things I need.
Come on, everybody.
Join the family.
When you start to fade and the public is swayed.
Hustle free trade and stage of bombing range.
Everybody, do the things I need.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
Come on, everybody.
I want to send a friend's name back over.
I want to send a friend's name back over.
I want to send a friend's name back over.
It was harder than you planned to lunch.
It was harder than you planned to lunch.
Is it like that?
It was harder than you planned to lunch.
Will you jump...
Yeah, right.
Jump, jump.
I'm on the spot over to the middle, over to the middle, raising up and stepping by.
I'm just standing by, leaning to the left a little.
I'm just a little, leaning to the right.
And now all it all, diplomatic side, diplomatic side.
I'm on the nominee, on the record.
He starts to feel a little ill and he's with your own abilities.
Everybody do the same things.
Now you feel it in a straight-up shuffle.
And Taylor saves a shuffle in the continental hop.
And Taylor's a hop.
And another waffles.
And another waffles.
And if you're late as well.
And if you're late, I'll be here.
And try to keep on trucking.
Try to keep on trucking.
Take these ones, they're bad at night.
One step at a time.
You just like your mama says, make good on your promises.
Everybody do the same things.
Well, he either will or he won't.
It's up to Hillary.
Everybody do the same things.
Now all it all, play, do the same things.
Do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
Come on and do the same things.
