She's Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rockers.
This is the grow and we're talking hardball on 560WQAM.
Call me homie right here at 567HOO.
Oh, 560.
Call me homie.
Let's be talking to Steve and Miami.
Steve, you know what me?
War and Camada.
Well, Crow, what do the marlins have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve.
They gotta swing them back, hit them bow,
hit some strikes.
Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
That's almost half.
50% feeling, 50% pension, and 20% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
Why?
Don't you be questioning me?
Would you be ignorant?
Be what?
Aigman.
Aigman, I said you'll be ignorant.
Well, no, I'm not ignorant.
Boy, I played ball, fetching no baseball.
In a dark-well-cut chicken's man half my size.
Did you?
Well, actually I...
Not even a minute.
I played it.
Not even a minute, Adam.
Are you?
Not even a minute, Adam.
Not even a minute, Adam.
Call me, homie.
Out.
All right.
He did it.
Shut up already.
Well, I can't hear anything now.
You really had messed this thing up big time.
There was a little bit better than up to bed.
10-0-2-5-60-WQM-Happy-302.
How about those marlins?
How about that learning to spell with Don Trell, baby?
Man, he's unbelievable.
Three more hits, a tremendous towering three-run homer.
The marlins off to a seven-and-one start.
Even George's pumped up and pissed off about it.
Hmm?
Huh?
Well, I was in Puerto Rico.
Some of your distant relatives.
What relatives?
Yeah.
Very distant.
My ancestor's my dad.
At any rate, it's a pretty sudden thing.
I'm not jumping on the bad wagon because that would be hypocritical.
But certainly anything good that can happen for this town, because it needs it so badly,
so desperately.
Which is why there's so many people already bailing out.
Got some bad news for my detractors out there, by the way.
I am going to be alive for a little while.
Yeah.
Went over to Hollywood diagnostics yesterday.
One of our fine new sponsors.
What a great place.
You're fit as a fiddler.
No, I wouldn't get that carried away.
But they have all this new, it really is, I can't even describe it.
But you're going to technology that they got where you like to lie under the MRI thing.
You know what that's like.
You've done that?
No.
Oh, scene pictures.
Yeah, you're just lying a thing and they take a detachment.
Right.
They take all the pictures and it comes out on a computer.
And they show you from like any inside of your throat and like the things in the lymph nodes
in your neck and then down into your chest and your lungs.
I mean, even deep down into your lungs.
Right.
You told me they found some, some what?
Poop.
Not in my lungs.
No, where it's supposed to be.
I don't know.
Don't start with that.
We haven't even been on five minutes yet.
He's talking crap.
You can't do that.
Jesus, you just didn't get the memo, man.
And I'll tell you who else didn't get the memo as mad dog in between talking about what
a great job.
W didn't at press conference yet tonight.
Stick to the golf mad dog.
Okay, stay away from politics.
You know what I don't understand?
F***ing I remember that website where you look up and you can see how much anybody don't
need to apply for candidate.
How come if mad dog is such a big bush fan?
He gave two grand above grand.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Don't say that.
Just like Don Schulers, that what it's all about?
I don't understand.
Is it for that much or right wing image and behind the scenes he gave to grand to Bob Graham?
Right.
It was last time.
Remember was going to run against the Bushmeister.
Well, you ought to know real men are republicans.
So anyway, you get to look down through your lungs and your abdomen and through like the
inside.
It's like a, what was that movie?
Inter space.
No, no.
Part and short.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Incredible, fantastic.
That's the voyage.
It's for Cal.
They were like all little teeny tiny people in the submarine.
And they were all on a little submarine and they were going through the intestines of the
body.
That's what it's like.
Yeah.
And you see your kidneys and you see everything that's inside there.
And then of course they do a separate one of your heart.
And then they go down through your pupic.
The downers?
And no, they sit out and have one.
And they go to your pancreas and down to your liver with little bacon and onions.
They stick in there for flavor.
And colon.
Colin.
All of these things.
It's not a, the colonoscopy is a separate thing.
The virtual colonoscopy.
Which is a lot less invasive.
I didn't do that because I had a colonoscopy three years ago.
Anyway, thanks to the folks over there.
They were treated me very well.
And it's a fabulous, oh, I'm sorry.
It's a sensational thing.
I don't want to say fabulous.
We can't say fabulous.
It's a little bit too, uh, fade.
As in what are you, fade?
Now, let's see.
Where do we start?
We've got so much crap going on.
We've got a, that story about air America, man.
It is just a mind boggling.
It is just a, what is there to say?
I don't want to say I told you they had problems.
But who could better believe?
I stepped down an LA in Chicago and we're in court trying to get the, and they locked
the door, changed the locks on the door.
That is so sad.
Kind of like if we showed up here at QAM one morning in the key, you know, and our
card didn't fit, you know, really?
They changed the key cards and like, you know, we're here.
We can't get in here.
It's a Chinese laundry now, something like that.
We got Margot Hemingway today.
She's still dead.
She shouldn't think.
Oh, yeah, yeah, she is.
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
What does that mean?
What would they do that?
They some kind of some kind of a golf hole or something like that?
Talk about bananas.
I don't care about it because I mentioned bananas.
Fosters.
So they sent me a recipe for mangoes bananas.
Fosters which I don't want.
Thank you.
So anyway, I'm pretty decent shape.
I had a little calcification around a few places and what they do is on a computer and
I sat with a doctor there who's really, you know, you feel insufficient because both
doctors are morons.
You know, but this guy really knew his crab.
Yeah.
Seriously.
And you feel like, God, am I stupid?
And he takes you through the whole thing and he's clicking on a computer and showing
you various different angles and images and then the heart thing on there.
And there's a little bit of calcification, but then they give you a score based on your
age and your this and your that and your attitude about life and your show this week.
Score bar.
Right.
And I scored 99.
That's not like a like a test score, but score based on averages.
And that's pretty good.
So there's like out of 100.
I'm like a plaque in there.
Huh?
99 out of 100.
I'm assuming.
No, no, no, no, it's not based on that.
Okay.
So it starts at zero, which would be perfect.
And higher it gets the worse it is.
In other words, if you had like 400, oh, you have problems if you got like higher than
400, extensive, at risk, lorotic plaque, high likelihood of at least one 400 or higher.
I'm 99.
So if I lose some weight, if people stop shoveling food on my purse and I could lose a little
bit of that weight, I'm not going to ever be, you know, look quite like that.
It's like red pit close.
Oh, speaking of that, what the hell is going on around here before we get into the heavy
duty stuff today with my good friend Moe?
He is absolutely.
I think he went to the OF.
What?
What is that?
OFRC.
OFART rehab school.
No, seriously, he just changes all I had to do.
I haven't seen him.
We haven't bonded this week.
He gets out of here real fast and I come in about 815 when I'm pretty sure he's out here
because it's like a awkward, you know, no, I think he realizes that.
But on the air, he's been just I don't know.
I'm tempted to give it another shot in spite of all the crap you leave.
You know, just for for the coming early tomorrow and on good karma kiss.
Yeah.
Now do you think I know we've been through this a million times before it gets really
ponderous, but it seems like he really is making an honest effort.
Now I just naive.
I'm between.
I know I'm always looking on the bright side.
Oh.
He is risen by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Moe, Alice, for goodness.
Well, it's not forgiven, but we'll just we'll start fresh.
How's that?
Clean slate.
A clean slate with the old Moe man.
What are you saying?
Okay.
Still going to make that stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he doesn't care about that.
I think he's starting to get it a little bit about that stuff.
He's starting to get it.
Maybe he's just a little slow to warm up.
Maybe that's it.
He's a slow thong.
Right.
Man, he makes me look like Mr. Warmth by comparison.
But at any rate, what the hell was I just going to say that you said what did you just
say?
I had a thought there that was so damn important.
Was it about health?
No.
Oh, forget about that.
That's boring.
No, not about that.
Well, whatever.
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
And we are not doing that same poll again today.
Oh, it's a little.
Oh, I know what it was.
It was about the thing I talked about Monday about my neighbors that had to flag here.
Oh, the here's risen.
Yeah.
Which is that flag is gone.
I guess it fell.
But I was trying to think of a parallel.
If I put a big banner on my bag, a bag poll in my house, a big flag up there that said,
there is no God.
I would never dream of doing that.
I can't imagine any atheists that would do that because atheists generally tend to be
like living, let live people and quid bugging me with your crap, kind of people like me.
But it would be so rude to everybody else in the neighborhood, right?
You know, I can be inside my house and believe whatever the hell I want or not as a case
maybe.
I don't have to like use my religion as a weapon, which is the biggest problem in a world
at least one of them is that all these idiots, these lunatics, these morons, these stone
age people use their religion as a weapon to beat people over the head with.
That's because they care about what they want to do.
And attack them and to hate them and to disgrace them and humiliate them and do whatever.
That's for you're on good.
I see.
But don't you think that's a pretty good parallel?
I find a big banner up there that said that there is no God.
People, I feel a little queasy looking at that.
Well, I feel just as queasy looking at your religious bubble, I see's okay.
So cut the crap.
They want to, if you want to put a little generic Easter bunny thing out, you know, like
Christmas, I find, you know, decorations.
Who are you to tell them?
The difference between decorations and spewing your religious, a hoax, a hoax, a super
station.
Stop it already.
That's one of the biggest problems in this country is that people haven't been taught
to be tolerant of other people.
Oh, but it's a pluralistic society.
Well, maybe once upon a time it was not no more.
That's since we got this classic example of that.
I get a letter in the mail, which is very rare here.
I get letter this morning.
It's real thick and it's got 87,000 pages in it.
And it's from a phony adred GAV, not even a name, is the return address.
GAV in for a lot of it will scroll with the phony address.
And here's a, it starts out the first page and there's a whole bunch of these pages
which are already in a circular file.
And I see a very familiar picture.
And it's a picture of phony up doctor picture with Kerry speaking with Jane Fonda.
And we already been through that months ago.
We had it on the website.
And it's a doctor picture.
She wasn't anywhere anywhere near that scene.
And then it says this was a man who had an alliance with the treason queen herself, meaning
Jane Fonda who was famous for befriending the enemy.
It's a phony picture.
So what do you need to read after that?
And you're dealing with the randlings of a right-wing lunatic.
This is what we're up against.
These people are crazy.
People will take it over to country, which is why we can't say crap.
We can't make farting sounds.
We can't do anything.
That's the kind of crap that they're worried about.
It's farting sounds.
People are dying every day.
We got murder and bloodshed all over the place.
But we're worried about drugs and we're worried about pornography and dirty words
because they're so dirty.
And these are the same people who put those things out there.
Want to be just over the head with their religion.
Believe whatever you want.
I have no problem with it.
Just don't beat me over the head with it.
And just don't put those stupid bumpers stickers on your car.
That's all part of it too.
My boss is a Jewish carpenter.
Oh great.
Karen are Richard.
See, their religion dictates that they had to know the carpenters were Jewish.
12 minutes ago, if she'd just eaten it, I was traced.
That's why she would eat that pastramian Swiss.
Kosher kills.
Kosher deals.
Hmm.
That's a good.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, you've heard about the big demand and high pay potential
for computer professionals.
Have you wondered if this career is for you?
Well, here's your opportunity.
Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar and computers and networking next Wednesday
evening, April 21 for both the Miami and Fort Lauderdale campuses.
That's right.
Learn basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free.
Seating for this free computer seminar is limited.
So pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
All attendees to the free seminar will get a free diagnostic tool no charge.
So call fast train right now at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN-RESURB-YER-SPOT.
And you can decide that a new high-paying career is in your future.
Fast train can really have a train already for that new job in just four short months.
So check out fast train on the web at fasttrain.com and make that call to reserve your spot at
next week's seminar call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Neil God?
rings
Texas
my car and baby with all screws.
My gas will not have needed bankruptcy because I own an SUV.
Send kids I'm sorry, but we need you.
So you'll have to put yourself through school and I'm going to drive my car.
They took away my credit card.
I can't afford to drive my car.
So walkin' the frows.
They ain't cheap cheap now.
They ain't cheap cheap now.
1017 at 560 WQM.
We don't have a nomad dog today.
We don't even have no humber to let to the ballgame.
You wonder why?
Because what a Marlon's pregame show all day.
For four hours though.
Why couldn't they, why couldn't those weekends get it right?
You know that game's supposed to start around noon, don't you think?
I do.
I think somebody better adjust their clocks down there in San Juan.
The game starts at two.
Marlon's on deck at any rate.
The game time is 235.
No TV, of course.
Because the packs people are too cheap to send a crew down to Puerto Rico.
That's the reason it's got to be.
Is it?
They haven't televised any of those three games.
They won five nothing to first game, nine nothing last night.
And probably I'm saying about six nothing, seven nothing to them.
Gina, you're kicking ass.
No TV, what are we going to do?
Listen on the radio.
There you go.
Listen to Dave Ann Boring, who I noticed got a little bit animated when Darnell hit that three run home.
Not that too much.
Up up at away.
Like that.
I think Booge was goose in a little bit trying to get him to crack it up a couple of notches.
Anyway, Marlon's at the esposan San Juan.
That said to 235 and the Humper follows the ballgame.
Hurricane hotline at seven.
Then we got the big at eight, which were really trying desperately to can his ass.
Eddie Calfter of the big O.
Now, speaking of the big O, join him today, noon to two.
Well, he's getting around.
He was around this morning.
He was a McDonald's.
He was in McDonald's.
I heard Mo promoing that.
It was doing a couple hours away.
And now noon to two, the big O is going to be at McDonald's that he's making a rise in McDonald's.
He'll probably come waddling back in here tomorrow.
He says he doesn't eat that stuff.
Probably show a couple of big max in his pan.
He's going to help kick.
He'll be at the McDonald's 32, 47 Hollywood Boulevard stop.
I win our very embarrassing QA and prizes and registered win tickets to upcoming Marlon's home games,
which now are very disastrous.
It's tax relief day by one.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a spot.
See, I don't do that.
McGill, I don't do that.
I don't do commercials for people who aren't buying commercials on this show.
See this McGill, I get really enthusiastic and all whipped up, you know, go see the big O at McDonald's.
Noonditude today, 32, 47 Hollywood Boulevard.
That's it.
That's what they're getting.
I've told him that a million times and he keeps trying to, he in the sales department keep trying to sneak that stuff in there.
Now, quite frankly, myself, I don't eat at McDonald's and eat at his George.
I do.
You do?
Sure.
Not Burger King.
McDonald's.
I like their fries.
Are you going to start me again with the fried crab?
Sorry.
Fried foods will kill you.
Yes, they will.
Okay, I love them.
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
Which of these people or things do you care about less?
Least?
Least this?
NASCAR 553, which I say.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
What a bunch of nose picking Yehoo's, man.
What?
I'm not reading that.
That's promotion.
That is five.
Let me say it again.
It's their promotion.
It's not our promotion.
If it was a promotion for this radio station, except for that phony bogus, beasley auction anything else that's a promotion or QM, I'll be delighted to read.
This is not a QM promotion.
In addition to which I hate McDonald's and I wouldn't take my dog.
My dog is in a urn or should be his ashes.
I wouldn't take my dog's ashes there and put it on the grill.
Okay?
That sounds good.
What?
Probably better to grab the dirt pedal and I'll tell you that.
Here's a big tiny.
What's kind of complicated?
You know the big tiny?
That's cute.
Yeah.
I could be a dish.
Here's the old big tiny on a bun.
Anyway, NASCAR 553, get out of here.
You're not getting, I'm not doing it.
You can keep trying to stick those things in there.
I'm not going to do it.
You've said that before.
Yeah.
NASCAR 553, you see.
Can't we strain himself?
Anyway, the mad dog I heard yesterday dropped a couple of bombs out there and he just, yeah, I don't mean that kind.
Either.
I don't know.
These people just don't get it.
I don't want to think, yeah, I'm not crying because we're doing fine, but I don't want to think
that we're being single out just because we're not sports nerds.
We're being single out because we're not sports nerds.
I'm hearing stuff blurted around on this radio station.
They still, they still don't understand the sexual stuff has got to go.
It has got to go.
No, no, no, I mean, you can say something about getting laid.
That's fine.
You know, but other than that, see there's no passion involved when it's on a sports show.
I don't really care.
Father tool.
It's just the way it is.
Anyway, which of these people, I'll get this pull read by a two-close.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
You're not 55 yet.
APPLAUSE
Well had Simon Gold.
惡 Go to musical and show us real life horse.
Maybe we should teach him how was fucked up.
Or was fucked up.
He was called Hello Int to Color is aeting ae
Bob בה-
BAObly, a Bite, and show you what we are again
What happens when you playbaboons or stories
I play black things
at sea or shall cry as known as the
that prohibited mention of a victim's sexual history during a rape trial.
The rest of her film career was largely forgettable under two marriages,
failed amidst her problems with addiction and substance abuse.
Died July 1, 1996.
What's another one of those cases where they didn't find her until quite a while after?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
How much she looked lovely, that in fact, what we're gonna do is we got the good picture on there today,
tomorrow we're gonna put the picture on what she looked like when they found the body.
The post-mortem. Ooh.
Little even, even more, a smelting worse than scurran.
Right here.
I'm here. I've got to smell it.
Even worse than scurran.
Anyway, now that's probably not possible.
Here's today's poll.
Before we are giving the lowdown on the Air America situation,
it is just, uh, it's just amazing.
It's got two chances.
Wow. Right.
Come back home, Randy. Okay. All is forgiven.
Here's the poll today.
Which of these people offend you the most?
See, that's a little bit different from the other one.
Sure.
And that other one is fine, but a little ponderous.
Which of these people offend you the most?
What a good list I got.
Religious fanatics.
Golf fanatics.
Right wingers.
Liberals.
Atheists.
Old Jews.
Old Cubans.
Blacks.
Jamaicans.
Sports nerds or computer nerds.
There's a list of some pretty annoying people.
Not all people, not all blacks.
Or all old Jews are annoying or atheists, certainly.
In my case, or liberals.
But it's just, which of these people offend you the most?
How about I'm not offended by anybody?
Nah. We don't have, I forgot I hate those people.
I forgot what I was.
I'm offended by those people who would vote that.
Lires.
I'm offended by professional liars.
Like the president, me and he pan.
Congolese.
Greg Reed.
That crowd, you know.
People when they tell you what time it is,
you look at your watch several times.
Or you look at the clock on the wall here to see if it's still four-actor one.
That thing yesterday, I just, I still,
I don't know.
I can't describe you the feeling because I'm sitting here.
And I'm just going along and doing my thing.
But in your mind, when you've done this a long time,
as you know, you have kind of a sense of when it's time to do the next break.
You can know how things are right.
And I'm thinking something has slowed down here.
There's something very wrong.
This last hour, it seems like an eternity.
And it says four-actor one and a clock up there on a wall.
I look at my watch and it's 24-actor one.
Like swimming in the shore, ain't getting close.
Right.
That's exactly right.
Like moving your feet very, very fast on the treadmill.
And you ain't going nowhere.
Kind of like working here.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WDQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are in incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee,
and even zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have your $100,000 loan, your payments are just $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay just $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you refinance, you get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you will never ever pay those closing costs again.
So call them today at 1-866-395-Lendon.
They'll explain it to you.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve, then move to your next property.
With no further cost or expense, you pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee,
zero closing cost, even when you move to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25%
and never pay closing costs again with the only one mortgage and only from the financial group.
For details, call them at that toll free number.
It's 1-866-395-Lendon.
1-866-395-L-E-N-D.
The Renegable Housing Lender, Restrictions Applied, Rates Subject to Change Monthly, 4.21 APR.
Line and local, your sports radio 560-CUA-M.
Oscar, now the Italian Stealth, give his friend a sing his way to a Grammy,
with a little help from his friends.
It's Sly and a family Stallone.
All right.
It's a family affair.
It's a family affair.
Yo, Adrian.
It's a family affair.
It's the greatest duo since Tango and Cash.
When Sly Stallone sings along with Sly Stone, he makes a sound that you don't hear every day.
And so on and so on, it's Kobe, Kobe, Kobe.
Over here?
Not you.
Ah!
A big, big baby boy.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, God, baby.
Here's a CD that'll have you saying stop from my normal shoot.
Get your ears ready for Sly and the family Stallone.
Yo.
I want a thank you.
Follow that me.
Big mice, elf.
Again.
Who goes this crap?
Follow me?
I just didn't even realize it.
Hey, dude.
You'll pump your FIS team to this over the top, Rocky and Roll.
It's Sly and a family Stallone.
A little boy, Randall Records and Dumbledore Shim and this.
You know, the muffins did just make a good point, even though he didn't realize it.
He said it's a conspiracy, the Euro-America thing we were talking about.
See, if it would have been a right-wing radio network with rush and G-Gordon living all
I crowd on it.
And if the thing would have been shut off the ear in a few markets, most of their major markets,
they would have said it's a liberal conspiracy.
And this, the Clintons must have done it.
Right.
Yeah, little video won.
A buddy, I said it up just before we got hit by the car.
A buddy, the dog.
Oh, dog done it.
That's what they would have said.
Now, I don't think anybody is saying that this is some kind of a right-wing conspiracy that this is
called.
They got problems, man, or America.
Oh, yeah.
This is one of the most amazing things.
When I first read this yesterday, I thought to myself, uh,
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
That's what came into mind.
And then I thought, after just two weeks of broadcasting,
air America radio, before I even go into the system from the day of Chicago Tribune,
uh, what did I tell you about people who aren't broadcasters,
pretending to be broadcasters?
Kind of like here, but I mean, even worse.
At least we have some broadcasters in the building, you know.
Kid Curry.
Okay.
Ma, I thought you were talking about QAM.
Ma, okay.
He's been around.
He's, he's, he owns a radio.
Uh, Hank.
Right.
Me.
Yeah.
Eddie Kay.
Okay.
Uh, I thought you were talking about like management, you see.
Oh.
Anyway, if you're just two weeks of broadcasting,
air America radio, the fledgling liberal talk radio network featuring Al Franken and Jeanine Garafalo,
was pulled off the air yesterday morning in Chicago when Los Angeles and a payment dispute
that shows no sign of a quick resolution.
Arthur Lou.
I wonder if he's kin to, uh, what's your name?
Does he, Lou?
No, no, what the one we had on the website.
Lucy, Lucy.
Lucy, Lou.
I'll be damned.
I love Lucy, Lou.
Arthur Lou.
That's L.I.U., owner of Multicultural Multicultural Radio Broadcasting,
which owns Air America, Fidget W.N.T.D. 950 in Chicago and KBLA in Los Angeles said,
Air America bounced a check and owes him more than a million dollars.
Air America Multicultural had entered a new agreement, which the network essentially was
renting Multicultural's airtime, Lou said.
See, originally when he gave us this whole, I were a America thing.
Oh, we're going to buy stations in all the major market.
They're going to buy stations.
They forgot to mention Mexico, Exxon and Chevron and said, Claire and BP.
They bounced a check today, said Lou.
It's a default.
They paid only a very small portion of what they owe us.
They bounced a check, he says.
He declined to say how much Multicultural's OB did say he's holding a million dollars in checks
that Air America's had asked the company not to cash.
Air America chairman Evan Cohen called the allegations an outright lie.
Multicultural radio broadcasting's conduct in this matter has been disgraceful,
Cohen said.
It is a clear violation of their contractual obligations.
The dispute leaves Air America a startup network in a business that favors right wing personalities
and is dominated by John conglomerates in a tenuous position.
Is the way they describe it here in the Chicago trip.
It airs in 13 markets nationwide and Chicago's Los Angeles nearly 18 million combined list
who's constitute 37% of Air America's potential audience.
It would be like if we were like taking off the air within about a 50 block radius
of where they can hear the station.
Like from here up to like County Line Road and then what would we do then?
LA and Chicago, the second and third largest markets in the country,
typically are regarded as essential when try to sell national radio ads
if the dispute becomes mired in court.
It is unclear when Air America might reappear in those two markets.
Air America filed a complaint Wednesday in New York Supreme Court,
charging Multicultural with breaching its contract and seeking an injunction
to put Air America back in the Chicago station.
An Air America source had a separate lawsuit over the LA station is coming.
The network also used its radio stations in New York,
Minneapolis, Portland, or again, and elsewhere as platforms to attack Lou.
Executive Vice President General Counsel David Goodfrand appeared on Air America's
Randy Rhodes show to accuse Lou of essentially stealing from Air America
by reselling airtime on KBLA, the third parties that then were already purchased.
In other words, they ended like Baton Swish, right?
We're going to set you like a ten-a-noon and then we go out and sell to somebody else.
Kind of like what Jim and Tammy February do in them condos.
Goodfrand said the dispute setters on the LA station during the period after Air America
started leasing airtime in early February, but before launched in late March.
During that time he said KBLA was broadcasting Spanish language program
provided by Multicultural, Spanish language program.
Goodfrand said he learned last week that a Lou and Multicultural had been double-dipping.
Kind of like Duffinclerance.
Double-dipping selling that same airtime to others.
As a result, he said the network declined to make payments for KBLA
unless Multicultural quitted at Air America for the extra money that Multicultural made.
Air America did not bounce any checks. He said those lie and bastards or something like that.
They sent us an email asking us to immediately restore it and go back to the negotiating table
Lou said, but there's nothing to negotiate. They owe us the money.
Media observers say this dispute comes at a crucial time for the startup network.
What an understatement.
This certainly doesn't help a fledgling station network said Paula Hamburg,
who owns media buying from Hamburg and Associates in Orland Park.
The president had a press conference last night, so he assumed a lot of people
would have wanted to hear what Al Franken had to say.
This is when they're really trying to garner an audience.
Chicago area listeners who tuned into WTN-NTT-950 Wednesday heard Spanish language talk radio
instead of morning tradition and unfiltered the network's morning talk shows.
According to Air America's suit, a Multicultural representative showed up at WN-NTT's offices early yesterday,
kicked out Air America's lone staffer overseeing the network's feed of the station from New York
and changed the locks on the doors.
Oh, I think there's a message in there some way.
He kicked him out and changed the locks on the doors.
Not to hit.
And just in case he didn't get the message the first time he said,
bye, bye, bye!
Just in case he didn't get it.
And then he said, yeah, and don't come back.
How do you like that?
What's with this overhead, man?
I don't know what you did in there this morning, but it's funky, man.
It just cranked up like crazy.
I didn't do that.
Like what?
I didn't crank it up.
Well, it's just by itself.
Maybe it's all excited about this.
Maybe it's another one.
Maybe they wanted to hear this story about Air America and all their problems.
And did they bounce the check?
Did they pay their payments?
Did they not?
And so on.
See, they were full of crap in the first place because they were underfunded.
They know nothing about broadcasting.
Randy is the only real broadcaster they got on the whole network.
The other people are like, they're not radio people.
It would be like building a construction company with nobody who knows about construction.
It would be like opening up a restaurant without a kitchen.
See?
It would be like opening up a restaurant and serving a big max.
You know, unacceptable.
Hey, listen, he's going to give me starder than himself because I'll admit in Amsterdam I do eat in McDonald's
and I do so very reluctantly and I throw the bun away.
I eat that nasty meat and the cheese and whatever else.
And it's exactly what you expect.
Like I've told you, it's the same in Berlin, the same in Rome, the same in Amsterdam,
the same in Rome, New York, the same in Miami, the same in Hylia.
Sweet butter, it's a little funky.
But the water's sweet.
That's correct.
It's a little sweet.
Kind of like our programming geniuses.
It's kind of like a little sweet, but nevertheless.
Don't be picking on Mock now.
She's got pink eye.
Although that is okay.
He said it's his favorite color.
Conjolt dividers.
Anyway, how's that poll come?
We just got that new poll going up here.
A little change from the other one, which I think you're getting tired of.
Which of these people offend you the most is our poll question today.
I bet you we got one of them right here, WQAM.
Yeah, Neil, I just kind of get that story there about the American, the state, the station management,
pulled them off the air or they didn't pay their bills.
Well, the other people that they have a contract with, so they didn't pay the bills.
They claim that they did.
And they claim that the people that they made a multi-cultural did a bait and switch that they sold in the year-time
and also sold it to somebody else that were double dripping.
Neil, how could they have not called you or gotten in touch with you to do air America?
Because my agent is Norma Kent and he's an idiot.
That's very simple.
That's why.
You got to check out the Miami Herald, the Jim Warren cartoon in the Herald today.
About one.
It's about the FTC.
It's a large hand emerging from this guy that pushed the radio in a car with somebody's driving.
I can't describe it.
Maybe you'll check it out.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Oh, right.
Thank you.
That is a pretty good call.
I think we ought to play music from now on till two.
Phil Marlin, we're not going to beat that.
Here's the deal.
Which of these people offend you the most?
Religious fanatic 65.
Right, wingers.
Factority, man.
Thirty.
What's the deal with my mouse here, man?
Sorry.
Oh, no.
It was a deal with my mouse.
Oh, I can't say that.
Nope.
Old Jews, seven, old Cubans, five, blacks, three, liberals, two, atheist, one, Jamaicans, one,
Goffinatics, sports nerds, and computers.
They'll have any out of the first hundred and fourteen.
That'll change.
You'll see.
Who'd you vote for?
I voted for...
Religious fanatics.
Me, too.
They, the ones that hang flags on from their house.
He is risen.
The Lord is coming.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
I crap.
Fine.
Have a good time with it, okay?
Invite him over for Pesach.
But leave me alone.
Hey, here's something that we all can agree on.
And that is, it didn't take any religious belief to know that dry concepts are the best
in the world when it comes to taking your crappy nasty old carpeting and making them look
just like brand new.
Whether it's your carpet, your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your drapery, or your furniture,
all of these things.
If you want them professionally cleaned and looking fantastic, you ought to do yourself a
favorite and tried dry concept.
So once you call them the first time, you're all set.
Because they're using for the rest of your life.
I've been using them over 20 years in my homes because nobody anywhere does a job like
they do.
If you've got pets and kids, all of these things, man, your carpets take a real beating.
But when they finish, your carpets look just like you had brand new late on the floor.
They dry in a couple of hours.
They look vibrant.
They smell emity fresh and what's not to like.
And don't forget with dry concepts, the deal is they give you a written guaranteed price
up front before they start the job.
So there are no rip offs to worry about.
No tack-ons, no add-ons.
In fact, they give you a rose when they finish the job.
You had them a check and everybody's got a big smile on their push.
If you want to see even more money, when you call dry concepts, ask them to put you
on their stand-by list, which is, we'll save you an extra 15% off their already unbeatable
low price on their unbeatable work.
Calm today, toll free, your love.
Call 1-800-248-5-0-S-7-1.
See it's in here.
You know, beast is right.
It's in this building.
There is a disease in this building.
And muffs are under my way to pink guy because of this pink thing.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
They're the best.
My life and love.
This is 43560.
Way to go.
Oh, that hurts.
We're over, soccer mom, because this high-octane race to the White House is powered by
Desk Hardad.
Desk Hardad.
Round and round, they go as they decide which candidate takes the checkered flag.
And which runs out again.
We'll mask our dads with chores, the incumbent bush, back in the winter circle.
Or will this demonstrative demographic drive?
Democrat John Kennedy-Kerry is a victory leg.
Or will Ralph the carburetor-nader?
Who will wrench in the works as?
Hoyler.
It's all up to Desk Hardad.
Desk Hardad.
Is the turbocharged 2004 President election?
And a guy called him here.
Or in their hands.
Last Lord Desk.
1046 at 560.
We hate NASCAR.
I'm sure I'll tell you that right now.
And golf, forget about it.
All right.
It's for idiots.
Well, there's some people, some nice guys.
I'm listening.
Right.
Well, they got a lot of time on their hands.
They like to air out the muskrat.
Get out a little fresh here.
I don't know.
I think there's something happening with him.
I could be wrong.
I don't want to act like some naive schmuck again.
I don't want to be the only one.
Because I don't think anybody else here is one of you.
Kind of any slack at this point.
Are they Joe Hank?
No, not them.
I might.
That would be a good thing.
I think.
I know what sounds bizarre because he tried to get you fired,
tried to destroy my career.
I mean, just did things that are unconscious.
But there's something there, you know, because the fallen sinner,
how do they say it?
The port again?
The prodigal son.
Whatever.
No, no, you know, I'm saying the fallen sinner who are against the moss.
There's no moss except on his piece.
And anyway, whatever on his muskrat, right?
Absolutely.
Okay.
It's the bigger thing.
You're okay, Mo.
We're in a nice job.
He's trying.
He's trying to be part of the family.
And the room I'm hearing around a building,
I'm not supposed to say this on here,
but the room I'm hearing is that the reason you're not hearing
Gildi on there within this week is that Gildi,
this is probably why he's changing his tune.
Because Gildi, who was the last holdout who's been working
with him in these two years, finally said, listen,
if you keep slapping me around, that's it.
He went to Clarence and he said,
like just like that,
you want me on him anymore?
Well, not a few old men keep slapping me around.
So I think he's trying to like,
melawad a little bit,
praying that Gildi will come back,
and that all will be forgiven.
That's the room where I'm starting out here.
Right?
Makes sense?
Yeah.
Anyway, somebody just facts this to me.
And thank you, Susan.
Thank you very much.
Heads up from Michael Moore.
But I just love Michael Moore.
He's the best.
I could watch you're bowling for Columbine and all of his stuff
and read his book just all day.
And it's been running around cable lately for those of you
who're bowling for Columbine.
Yes it has.
I've seen that many, many times now.
But third man.
Yeah.
The part I like is when he says,
how come time made OJ so black?
No, he didn't say that.
Anyway, he says, friends,
I've never seen a head so far,
a presidential ass pardon my fallujah,
then the one I saw last night is the news conference
given by George W. Bush.
He's still talking about finding weapons of mass destruction.
This time on Saddam Bush,
you close down a friggin' weekly newspaper,
you great-give her a freedom and democracy,
then all hell broke loose.
The paper had only 10,000 meters, why are you smirking?
Maybe he's the smirking champ.
One year after we wiped the face of Saddam's statue
with our American flag before yanking him down,
it is now too dangerous for a single media person
to go to that square and bag that
and follow report on the wonderful one year anniversary celebration.
Of course, there is no celebration in those
who brave, blow-dried embeds
can't even leave the safety of the fort in downtown Baghdad.
They'll never actually see what is taking place across Iraq.
Most of the pictures we see on TV
are shot by the Arab media in some Europeans.
When you watch reports from Iraq,
what you're getting is the press release handed out
by the U.S. occupation force and repeated U.S. news.
I currently have two cameraman reporters
doing work for me in Iraq for my movie,
Unbeknownst to the Army.
They're talking to soldiers and gathering
the true sentiment about what's really going on.
They've fed X the footage back to me each week.
That's right, FedEx.
Who said we haven't brought feed into Iraq?
The funniest story, my guys, tell me, is how
when they fly into Baghdad,
they don't have to show a passport or go through immigration.
Why not?
Because they haven't traveled from a foreign country.
They're coming from America to America
a place that is ours,
a new American territory called Iraq.
There's a lot of talk amongst bushes opponents
that we should turn this war over to the U.N.
Why should the other countries
of this world countries who try to talk us out of this folly
now have to clean up our mess?
I oppose the U.N. or anybody else
risking lives of their citizens
to extract us from this debacle.
I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans
supported this war once it began,
and sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children
until enough blood has been let
that maybe, just maybe,
God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.
Until then, enjoy the pacification of Fallujah,
the containment of Sa'dar City,
and the next head offensive, oops, I mean,
terrorist attack by a small grab,
a group of bathless loyalists,
high-lover writing these words,
bathless loyalists makes me sound so Peter Jennings.
Followed by a news conference,
where we will be told that we must stay the course
because we're winning the hearts and minds of the people.
I'll write again soon,
don't despair, remember the American people are not that stupid.
Sure, we can be frightened into a war,
but we always come around sooner or later,
and the one way this is not like Vietnam,
is that it hasn't taken the public for long years
to figure out they were lied to.
Now, if Bush were just quit speaking
and public can give me more free material for my movie,
I can get back to work and get it done.
I got four weeks left of completion.
This is Michael Moore.
Thanks, God Michael.
Michael, Michael, Michael,
more Fahrenheit 9.11.
That's coming out this summer.
I'll be first in line.
Coming out late this summer,
and also coming out this summer allegedly,
is that Larry Flint book that's going out,
ill-presidentity, is the Lyron Hippocrite
and abortion lover that he really is.
I forget these books, they need to make movies.
I see.
People don't want to be a book.
We should only buy the Bill O'Reilly book
and the Matt Fudge book and the right-wing books, right?
You don't even get it from.
They can read no books.
No, I'm going to go to the movies though,
especially if they show some action.
Right.
Yeah, but you don't think they're going to allow
that movie to be shown.
In fact, what I'm hearing is that Jeff Cohen
just came in with our campaign-free die Pepsi.
Woo!
Look at that.
All select up, he just got out of the shower.
He was busy doing his f*** daily routine.
I can't say that.
Oh, you know what?
Who did I hear use that word on the year yesterday?
Was it Mad Dog?
Yeah.
Uh.
What word?
No, see, I'm going to have to do on-the-ear seminars
because between clearance and muff,
they just can't convey it to the sports people we have on-the-ear.
I think he was talking about masturbation.
Huh.
And I heard a sound in the back.
No, can't do that.
No, more, Mad Dog.
He also said the PI word.
No, can't do that.
You're in denial of that old standard.
I mean, he's got what?
The sports standard?
Right.
Well, I did get two lists, though.
The list for this show, and then the list for the rest of the station
and ones that do sports.
Right.
They'll pretend.
Now, if they're in the video,
the things you're on mark we're taking off here
is because they just wouldn't go step in line and talk sports.
Don't you think that sports was the reason that for their demise?
That phony baloney about some picture on a website.
That's garbage.
Right?
Of course they just wouldn't go step in line and do the old routine.
And so how the hell could they fit it on this radio station?
The only reason we fit in is because, number one, I got a real good contract.
And number two, I make it in a lot of money.
Right.
That's it.
No other reason.
They don't like this show.
They don't like the content.
They don't like the fact that we're not obsessed with sports.
Even though I know more about a lot of the stuff than they'll ever know.
Including how bad the Leafs played against Ottawa last night.
And about how Sundine and Joe Nguyen Dyker off-Torris.
They don't know any of this stuff.
In fact, if Matt Sundine walked in here right now,
what is Leafs uniform on, we're in the number 13,
there's a better chance that you would know who he was than anybody in this building.
Except me.
Did you follow what I'm saying?
I do, but I think that they would say, oh, number 13, that must be Dan Marino.
Now, do you think that the Swede with his blonde short blonde here, pretty ugly guy?
Do you think that Matt Sundine looks like Dan Marino?
I don't know what Matt Sundine looks like.
I just got through Tonya Swede with blonde hair.
Do you think you've seen Dan Marino?
Sure, yeah.
Do you see that blonde hair?
No. Does he look Swedish?
Is he Italian?
Yes, yes.
Okay, there you go.
Does he have a lot of grease?
Bobby's Italian, a lot of olive oil.
I'm so angry.
Olive oil, olive oil, olive oil.
Olive oil, olive oil.
I can't find it.
Ha ha ha ha.
So what do you want to bet that no one has said anything to anyone else about what?
About our new broadcast rights.
No, that's not true.
I know that no they have.
Subsequently.
Oh, I've been there have been discussions.
All right.
I have heard through the rate fine.
I've heard that there have been discussions.
I think anybody's going to go shake a finger at it.
And I think every time they go,
No, listen, I have no trouble.
Don't start with me and a mad dog.
He's my butt, man.
Don't start with you and the mad dog.
I'm going to start about them, man.
They're not going to say anything to him.
They have.
All right.
They have and they will.
And they will continue to do it until he gets it.
You know, right.
Yeah.
All right.
But he's an idol, man.
He's a sports icon.
He's a sports giant monster.
Huge.
And then of course, speaking of huge, how about Joe Rose?
Sports.
Blackhead.
Although I don't hear him talking too much about masturbation.
Joe Rose.
Get a little stuff over here.
Now Jeff Cohen, he was talking about it this morning.
Oh, look at this.
The sludge report.
Let's see.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
Why is somebody fancy me this stuff?
I just got through reading a real story from a real newspaper
that Chicago Tribune, which is one of the two cities
where the era America was taken.
And that's not good enough.
One guy sends me a whole thing about what Randy said this.
That's fine, Randy.
Okay.
But I'm not doing a show based on a bunch of talk show Yentos.
That's for the light bulb.
You know what I'm talking about?
I mean, good for you.
I've been doing this too long.
Okay.
I've been led down the garden path by too many group calls.
Oh, and being led by the garden path by stuff on a wicked web.
How's Catherine Harris doing?
I just heard something about Catherine.
I heard she.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
How much did you bring in here?
I'm only going to be here a very short time.
I'll drink it.
It's my favorite.
Look at that, Jeff Cohen, man, from the world famous pizza loft in Davy
who needs your business because man is going to be real expensive next season
with no hockey going on to feed the rumors.
What?
What are you laughing about?
I know.
Listen, the rumors are great.
They're wonderful people, but he's just there just first of all Jeff is cheap as all hell to begin with.
And secondly, that's Jeff rumor.
And secondly, with no income coming in from hockey next year, you don't think we're going to put them on here.
No.
No chance.
He's going to be waiting tables at the loft.
Well, he already did that waiter.
There's a puck in my soup.
He's got some practice.
He'll be waiting a long time.
I got hired.
In fact, then they're going to have waiter.
There's a frog in my soup.
The niece is going to be working there too.
Yeah.
Oh, waiter, look at that.
There's a frog with my soup.
Here's let's see.
Rocco says, check this out.
And he can't think of anything he did wrong.
But there were, oh, here's the rest of it.
See, sometimes they send me a cover page for an article.
Then they forget to send the rest.
You know, oh, this is, Rocco, this is a little bit too long right at the moment.
I'll check it out during the break.
Oh, it about how bush ticked, but this is good from slate.
About how wild bush vacation 9-11 warnings went on her.
This is excellent.
Thank you, like I said, Rocco.
Very good.
How much are you putting in there, you mean, Yac?
He's stuffed.
He filled up the whole refrigerator there with stuff.
I'll just sit down and relax because I got to do a break right now.
Just catch your breath after that tremendous workout.
Yeah, we heard what you were working out.
10-57 at 5-60.
Jeff Cohen's got to come on briefly and kill the show and tell us about all his sexual exploits.
All the way we only have three hours left.
Spring at a savings right now and saved like never before on a new car.
Truck from Armstrong Toyota homes.
Did you remember told me all about what you've been doing and who you've been doing?
On US 1, just 20 minutes out of the 836 Armstrong Toyota homes did worth the drive to save thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals right now.
An 04 camera or 4 runner, just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an 04 highlander, you pay only 309 a month.
Need a truck?
How about this?
An 04 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America.
You pay just 179 a month for 48 months.
Chump change.
These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
General manager David Rich and his stamp will do whatever it takes to make you a deal and get you into a great new Toyota two day.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference are locally owned and operated.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
Service departments even open late till 8.
We'd nights to make sure they get all that service work done.
And it's easy to find them because they're right on the corner of US 1 and 2.93rd in prestigious homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead offers you this unbelievable deal free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life.
That's correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else does that.
So forget about those mega dealers or car drives.
So always give you a big strong dance and lie like crazy.
Do the smart thing.
Color good pies on.
David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today.
And he'll make a deal like you've never seen before.
Call 305.
242.2.3.2.4.
242.3.2.4.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
My life and love.
This is for trade-off by city.
You way, you way.
Where of exploding balls.
Jim Kerry is back in a serious role in a movie that's seriously long.
Don't miss the eternal one time of the plotless movie.
My character has an operation that makes him forget a people up there.
And if it works, I'm having it done to forget I ever made the majestic.
It's a film about erasing your memories, but it's so slow.
You'll feel like you'll be raised an entire night of your life.
King Winston Co. Stardin, the eternal one time of the plotless movie.
Forget about his memory operation.
The real trick is if anyone can remember a single movie I've made since Titanic.
It's the film that goes back and forth in time while making you go in and out of consciousness.
Listen to what audiences are saying about the eternal one time of the plotless movie.
What is it? What is it? Over and what has it?
And it's like, oh man.
If you see only one movie this year that feels like it took all year to see it.
Go see the eternal one time of the plotless movie.
You know, if it makes audiences forget about the crewman co.
It'll be worth it.
Okay, here's your cool and came to kill the show.
Before we do that, here's the result of the poll.
Let's give everything up to date because once he comes on, it's like a rumor.
That's why there's such good buddies.
Chefs of a feather kill the show together.
Which of these people offend you the most?
249 votes.
Religious fanatics 145.
Right-winger 61.
Old Jews 13. Old Cubans 12.
So you see what I said yesterday? Old Jews and Old Cubans have made this tell what it is now.
A toilet.
A lot of similarities.
And uncaring, unyielding, liberal 7, black 6.
Jamaicans 2, atheist 2, golf fanatics 1, but 0 so far for sports nerds and computer nerds out of the first 249 votes.
Yeah. Good morning.
Yeah.
What's your story?
Jeff Caw from The Pizza Loft and Davey looking for more free publicity.
I nodded off the pizza plug.
Sure, you say hello.
Calls up at my anniversary.
Oh, happy anniversary, Neil, from The Pizza Loft and Davey.
And The Pizza Loft Plaza between 595 and the Griffin Road on University.
Behind Pier One, Pier One, Imports with a lot of free parking.
Happy anniversary, Neil, by the way.
Yeah.
How do I pull in anybody?
So you didn't do anything for the months of pizza this year.
So I knew things must have really been desperate.
We had it, and you know, I tried to bring it in here.
However, it was awesome.
Well, what do you try to bring it in here?
I wanted to bring it in here.
No, tough next step.
Why is that?
What do you mean, tough next step?
What else you got to say about it?
I don't know, but I have my way in the building just now.
I always got pink eye.
So don't, on the way, I don't do anything.
Well, there was much of people that caught me on the way in today
saying how come they didn't get it this year.
They said there's 25,000,000.
That's why I jumped off the V-Lock.
He didn't get it this year.
He doesn't have pink eye, though.
Well, or something like that.
Hopefully he'll feel better.
He used to have, but now it's an interesting story.
It's pink.
So what's the ideal of The Pizza Loft?
Anything special going on now?
Yeah, it's always special there.
You know, the normal specials there are weeks.
So you're actually back in the room, the shower's afterwards.
Yeah, it's really funny because every time Rimmer shows up.
What happened to that hot young guy that used to work there your waiter?
What was his name?
Oh boy.
I remember.
See, too much of that comedy with him, young girls, man.
That's what happens.
What was his name?
Tanner.
Tanner!
What?
He's Tanner.
Oh, you should have brought him over here because this is the Tanner building.
Yeah, he doesn't work there anymore.
And you're in construction or something.
Oh, I know that.
He's doing what?
Construction.
Oh, here's the fact that says, love your show.
And sorry about your brother, George.
Thank you.
Says Thomas.
I just got an XM satellite radio and I love it.
I know what you have a problem with it.
I don't have a problem with it.
I just don't think most people are going to do it.
Compared to Miami Market Radio, it's wonderful.
I feel like I've just been set free of bonuses I was able to get air America radio.
Well, so far, Thomas.
Don't get too excited about it.
Too bad they're going out of business tomorrow.
Another bonus is that none of the words are bleaked out at least for the time being.
What does that mean?
Oh, that's right.
For the time being, well, that's correct.
I can't imagine that an air America radio they're saying those words because they're also on commercial radio.
For the rest of now.
Isn't that incredible?
I bet you're right behind the rumors very soon.
Randy's going to be coming in for some pre meals too.
Randy wrote.
She's only on there now.
Right.
No, she's on J&O or whatever that whatever that station is in Palm Beach.
But I mean, she's moved up to New York.
She left all her good stuff down here, all her girlfriends and boyfriends and whatever else she's into these days.
And Maria.
And she's up there living in New York all set to change her life.
She's the only one anybody's talking about.
She's doing hell of a job, I guess.
Not that all her local Yanta stuff corner and ruining her show.
It's kind of like when sponsors come in and ruin your show.
We do the best we can.
Right.
So you're here in the show.
You're here just this week.
And let me tell you, you've done a fabulous job over the years.
Every time you come in, it's like, huh?
You're here just this week.
Yeah.
And have you been to the loft yet?
No.
Will I be there?
No.
So you see this?
Here you go.
Fat.
Do you have you got a gigantic fat?
Have you gotten a bike yet at exercise?
I have it at exercise.
I use it.
No, I have a treadmill.
Do you use it?
No.
Okay.
Ten years what?
For ten years I've told you to do 45 minutes of cardio every morning.
Yeah.
I just went for my test yesterday.
My body test.
They said, man, you've had a body like a 20 year old.
What does that have to do with the fat?
Like a 20 year old who's about two breaths away from death.
I eat twice as much as you.
Yeah.
I eat like a pig.
Okay.
And I stand a lot of people away.
I don't eat that much.
I just have a fat problem.
I've got fat cell.
Metabolism is my bad.
It's because I'm a lazy slav.
But I sit here all day.
I sit here on my ass all day.
45 minutes.
I go home and I sit in my TV.
I eat the bullet.
I'm not here.
I'm not here.
I'm much healthier because I'm walking and walking.
I walk and I walk and I have no car up there.
I walk and walk.
And now that the weather's warming up up north and it's over like 20 degrees.
Not the same.
If you force yourself to do 40 minutes or 45 minutes or 45 minutes or 45,
you're already a real doctor.
You are going all your way.
Dr. Collins full of crap folks.
Okay.
Another subcorded doctor that's full of crap, and there's so many of them.
Anyway, the doctor with this Hollywood diagnostics.
We're staring at responses.
See, that's why I give them a free plug.
That's good.
No, seriously, but this is the guy that I love to get.
I love to get one of those.
What a free plug or a test.
Both.
Both.
We'll get you some of that.
I really like these.
They use a toe truck.
I don't know.
I don't think they do it for everybody.
I think that because they send you, they send you a CD in the mail.
And on the CD is got all that you can put it on your computer and you can see for yourself,
all of the results.
It's like taking a virtual tour through your body.
Now, of course, in your case, I just can't imagine all the things that they would find in there.
I'm very healthy.
I had my annual bed.
I'm talking about internally.
I had my blood blood.
Remember Al Capone?
Remember when the syphilis started kicking in real bad with Al when he was in prison?
No, that was before my time.
I see.
I'm not just giving you a little heads up on that.
So they probably would find a lot of interesting things in your body.
But it's a fabulous thing.
So anyway, say hi to the rimers for me.
I will.
Is there a toe truck going to come and change?
Oh, that's right.
Well, you forgot to mention it.
Jeff had a flat tire.
That's the real reason he wanted to be on the ears.
The first he came on the ears so I could hook him up with that hot babe from mayor's duers.
Right.
And you screw that all up.
Yes, I did.
And then it's always something.
What was the thing the last time?
I'm bringing your ears.
No, what was the thing the last time that I got to?
Oh, about my ex's car.
Right.
There you go.
So it comes on the widely listened to Neil Rogers.
Showed like take care of his personal problems.
Now he had a flat tire out here at the Q and S.
Bringing you your soda.
I'm out.
I run over a camp.
We're very appreciative.
He got a flat.
And I guess George and I supposed to go out and fix it.
But if there's anybody a toe truck guy out here, what do you need a toe truck?
You don't have a.
Is it change the tire?
I'm Jewish, man.
You're going to put a jack down there and change the tires.
Yeah, you're talking about what he's writing.
What rate shape you're in.
Yeah.
Just because you're on a way to some sleazy hooker right now.
Don't mean that you can't get a little sweaty.
I'm going to work to work.
Some.
I thought will you tell me the least you said you're on your way to go see some.
Slut.
I should be so lucky.
Right.
Yes, I'm here.
It's our rumor told me.
Single and having many problems.
He said you probably got diseases.
They haven't even identified yet.
No, not so.
What he told me that's what.
Remember, I annual physical.
I'm in perfect condition.
I am.
Yes, I have.
Beautiful me.
My cholesterol is good with the help of Zocore, of course.
And.
So core is going to see right here.
Right.
This is beautiful.
Yes.
Zocore is one of the worst things you can take.
You're giving me instructions and lessons.
I'm.
I'm old enough to be your grandma.
Okay.
Let me say it again.
Zocore.
I want you to go back when you're finished with your hooker.
Go back to the loft.
Take your Zocore and read the or go online and read the package insert.
Yes.
About the side effects.
Every drug has.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Kilmer Kilmer Kulk and he used to do it with Michael Jackson. What's the name of that book?
Where he talks about you homo-sistine, not homo, but homo-sistine level and about trans fatty acids and about
All of these what do they call those the statin drugs which is so-quares one of them and about to the they're worse than almost anything you can take
But if you want to go keep tickens
Why do you need so-quare if you're in such great shape if you're exercising and all that?
What do you think I eat like a pig and I eat all the wrong stuff?
I'm just like a pig and stuff eating the wrong stuff and try to stop trying to compensate with the four pills doctor
And that's what you're trying to do. You're like for your lecture and me. I bet you I'm gonna get you hooked up with those Hollywood diagnostics and get you over there
No seriously, I bet you when they look inside of your sorry old ass body
They're gonna find out that my pathetic insides are better than yours outside you look better in me, but inside
Hey, that's probably a wise baby is how you look outside
Well, in your case it ain't that good. Okay, listen. Oh, let's try and get some of toe truck over here to Q.A.M
Okay
Have a great week
I'm trying for you. There must be somebody out there got a toe truck or somebody gonna help you change at least change your tire
What do we need a toe truck for we got a lot of strong guys in a building a gal can go out there and help you out right
Maybe fix it'll fix it. Maybe fix it. You know fix it if you can stand looking for more than five
Enough air in it for me to drive it across the street
So the tire place over there, but I can't even drive it like when completely flat you're missing the point
That means you need to change you have to get some folks in here. They'll help you if more we're still here
He'd help you out. Absolutely right. He'd take you snap off that piece. You know what my sales rep ought to do it
He's snap off the piece hang it on your antenna right shouldn't skip you do it skip you
Skip ease your sales guy go get some of the sales will get time to wreck onto it on your job
Get time to wreck on the case when you finish run over his sorry ass. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Bye
It's boy killer 12 minutes after 11 and 560 speaking of snapping on a nice piece on your head
It's what a lot of guys have been doing absolutely got a muskrat crawling around on them that you wouldn't wish on your
Worst enemy when a guy's considering a here replacement as greatest concern is how natural is gonna look well other people
Be able to know it's not a real. That's a phony piece in a laughter
Assop you can always spot a bad hair system like what's his name?
What's on CNN brown Aaron Brown. Oh man. Oh man like black on the edges and a little red on the top and whatever
Anyway Charles Alfiehries designed and supplied great looking here system to show his people for more than 35 years
He's been a guest on good morning America that today show CBS morning news and
Introduces panted hair system or millions that offer you the most amazing natural hair line system
You can find the most critical area of any piece is the hairline and Charles Alfiehries news skin-like hair system is so great looking
It's 100% undetectable. What are all these t-shirts you got?
All right, so he's off Charles Alfiehries guarantee to you is this you try his hair system for 30 days
If you don't love the way looks and feels and smells you returned for a full refund
I guarantee if you wear that piece that Charlie's got a Jeff will make sure you get lots of action all day long
In fact, maybe even from him Charlie also services and repairs existing hair system including shampoo and trim
So don't delay call Charlie day and change your life forever probably look younger and better than you ever thought you could again
Call tool free 1 800 321-2413. That's 1 800 321-2413 or check them on the web Charles Alfiehries dot com
This is five cities
Got an inside Wall Street
Now she's gonna pay for it
Jerry says you like
They found your guilty facing lots of time. I must say it thrills me to see you taking out
And cause 20 years won't be enough
Drums are up in stripes send her to sing sing put her in for life
That would be a good thing
The
insider trading
And the send you away
Oh mother
Well, we're laughing so hard that we're shaking
What you stuck with today, oh mother
Would you have everything but you spoiled it
Yeah, the send you away
Oh
Well, 1965 64 Martha man then one of the jurors is feeling really bad not about Martha, but about her
buddy there
Martha she says fry her ass whatever the hell is name on she feels real bad the bald guy all these jury guys
People they just make me or like the tyco thing, you know
Number four while she wanted to acquit anyway
I just can't deal with it. I'm right there ass man people
I rip off other people's money like that take their life savings the ought to be on death row
Is where they ought to be with death leopard and death jam
321 votes on the pool. What's the question is what's the question?
Which one of these people offend you the most now we got a couple of suggestions. What about Haitian drivers
Put that on there. Okay. Can you handle it? I can do that
Haitian driver I shouldn't have said put that on there. I mean like you know like an order get it on her
Haitian drivers especially cab drivers make me want to buy a cement truck and slam into them crushing them like cockroaches
Whoa, man. This guy's not too upset
Over the top Valley, but not a bad idea
Get the hell off the road you idiots you although they got a lot of company here
And here's the fact from Linda who says this is off the subject. What's the subject? Linda? Our subject is all over the place
That's what we like
I just got home at you realize that it's almost 11 30 and I take just the one call tempest freaking fugit
Where the hell she performing this week at the pussy can
Oh, I'm in storm. I thought you were talking about no seriously. Uh, I just took that one call
WQ a.m. Hello. How you doing uncle Neil pretty good palmy. Oh, right. I know you're not taking
Suggestions or other but
I didn't say that today that was yesterday. Okay, but that was a closed poll for a possible poll for the future
What does the W in George stand for that's I like that that's good like warm on
For the bush people it could be wonderful
Right, right? It could be you want to be warm on
There's a bunch of different things. What was Wimp? Yes, right? Well, that's good
But don't give all the answers otherwise you'll kill a pool good idea. Thanks, palmy
See you
And I like that. That isn't good idea. Hi, palmy. Okay, Linda says this is off the subject, but I just got home after driving
We hide it. I see I'm upset that he's taken zochora. Do you know what you hated when people lecture you?
I mean see I could put it all the time people lecture you about health and they're such great specimens
Oh, and then they tell you that they're taking this they're taking that that's that's poison my favorite is vegetarian
I'm taking coq 10 for my heart, which is a natural thing which the body produces, but not enough and as you get older not much of anything
And that's I think that's the reason that my heart is as good as it is. I'm all hard. Yeah, that's why I want to bond with mold
I don't mean bond but like yeah
Well, I'm not yeah, well, what could be the other excuse? I'm out of shape. I'm sitting here
I do no exercise. I'm a fat slob good DNA. Uh, eat all that Nestle's turtlene ice cream you got these long candy living people in your family
Good genes see now there were if they're I don't want to start it in with the religious people, but if there were a god
What kind of god would allow your fate to be decided by the luck of the draw?
What kind of justice would that be even done pervast gravy even done kolyoni would admit that's not justice
You know the idea that you may be born in
Botswana as opposed to be born in Manhattan
Follow what you get, but what you make of it or like being born in
Dearborn
Michigan with a schmata on your head or maybe being born in gross point woods
Anyway, very affluent family. Oh, maybe gross point woods is all down the toilet. I don't know
Don't go to Detroit folks. Do you see what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. So the thing about genes is uh, you know, it's in your genes
Look at the drool. Oh, we can't say it's in your genes anymore. It's in your
No, it's supposed to be
It's in your genes. No, we can't say that either. Well tell with it
Linda says that well, we can't because then they're gonna say well, do we it's triple on time? We know what you meant
We know what's in your genes. He had not much
This is off the subject, but I just got home after driving. We handed him not just driver had to vent to somebody
I'm so sorry, Linda. Happens all the time here
This driver had a back window full of stuffed animals and bobble head dolls
A foreign flag hanging from the rearview mirror and a variety of shrine statues on the front dashboard
What's with that? No, Linda is supposed to say what up with that
Why do people put all that stuff in their cars?
She was driving very slowly and could make up her mind where she wanted to make a turn
All I have to say is get off the road lady
And now Linda says thanks and I feel better
See how easy that was when you could almost kill the yesterday. We could just roll the window down the yellow
Yeah, that would be good little more enthusiastic side good. Hell right
Almost got ran off the road by
By some ferner and a giant boat too many forners here man
I mean, there's a lot of forners in Toronto, but I don't have to worry about how they drive because I'm not driving
I ain't got no car
A lot of forners problem here is that forners all immediately get a driver's license and a 57 Chevy
And a governor wants to give everybody drivers license even if they're like five years old because he's pandering to anybody and everybody
Really sad really pathetic. I'm gonna read just a little of this
Thanks again, Rocco. I'm sorry. I pre-judged because it's too long. I don't like the long faxes
Now this is good stuff. I'm slate, which is a great website
Uh, while bush vacation 9 11 warnings went on her the out of town or and here's a picture
W by the way on his ranks August 23rd or 4th 2001 with the shades and the cowboy head on
All smiles. You know that dumb kind of doofus look
In another one
It's him you ever notice when they show him
Waddling out to where he's to the microphones when he's walking to the podium
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, walking and he liked his arms are down at the side
He is the most goofball-ish
awkward
Is pathetic
In an otherwise dry day of hearings before the 9 11 commission one brief bit of dialogue set off a sudden flash of clarity
On the basic question of how our government let disaster happen
The revelation came yesterday morning when CIA director George tenant was on the stand
Tim Roma reformer democratic congressman asked him when he first found out about the report from the FBI's Minnesota field office that
Sikarius, Missouli and islamic jihadist have been taking lessons how to fly 747
Tenor replied that he was briefed about the case August 23rd or 4th 2001
Roma then asked tenant if he mentioned Missouli to president bush at one of their frequent morning briefings
Tenor replied I was not in briefings at this time
Bush he noted was on vacation
He had a bet he didn't see the president at all in August 2001 during the entire month bush was at his ranch in Texas
You never talk with him Roma asked no tenant replied by the way for much of August 10 and 2 was as he put it on leave
And there you have it
National security advisor condolese or rice has made a big point of the fact that tenant briefed the president nearly every day
Yet at the peak moment of threat the two didn't talk at all at a time when action was needed an order fraction to come from the top
The man was at the man at the top was resting undisturbed
He was on a ranch
He's he's been on over 500 vacation days in what is it three years just over three years
Almost even you even I don't get that much vacation time and I'm pretty peered about it too
Thanks Rocco. This is a great that piece. Thank you
man
When the hell are the American people gonna finally wake up and sniff the defidels and then you got like my good friend a mad dog on
There's the talking about how he watched no he watched the president dead and he thought I'm pretty good
Don't pretty good and I noticed silence from the other room at that point silent. What are they gonna say?
What are they gonna say quit?
I'm saying to the right way mad dog right right. I'm hearing I'm hearing the same thing if they said nothing sounds a silence
I know what they could say
At least Greg would understand that if he weren't town can can you explain another thing to me?
I know that everybody bales and now that Easter and paysock or over that this town is like a ghost town
but
This building I don't understand it
Yeah, I mean it seems like we're no we're on permanent vacation. Oh, it's it's just
Let's just buy the Steve Tyler the whole album
permanent vacation everybody is always on vacation now
I think they're trying to learn by example from me
I'm on the only one supposed to be on permanent vacation. I'm a daughtering old
Fag but these people it isn't a place of business. It's like a ghost town
Well, how about Greg is Greg here. There's all he's on vacation again
But but we got all these things well great. He won't be you know
He's on vacation because you know what I'm here. He checked that calendar
guaranteed
I'm gonna sneak into one of these times when I know these here. I'm gonna sit right outside his office
I jump out of it. I get like a little a little longer. Just sit there. Yeah, yeah with the skies on shades of beard
I'll borrow most pieces. Absolutely. Now that we're so tight
27 past 11 at 560 qa m
We're supporting you 560
Qa
And stick
We think we're tuning in man. Neil Rogers is next
Okay, dude. See you later, man. See you, Joe
You're now
Yeah
That
Get the car
The butt away something Greg. What is it? Oh, you'll pay missed a jingle balls and reception more than anybody else here
Well, who better to represent an all-gay sport hole station and besides she frightens me
All right, everyone let's break this up right now or I'll show you my balls
Yeah
1132 at 560 wq and we got marlin's baseball at two o'clock man
They were on fire at her seven or one and they just uh, it's an amazing thing even I'm starting to light
Not I'm not sure about a bandwagon. I don't care about baseball
But at least you got a hand at to him, man. They've done the right thing
The organization as opposed to some of the other organizations in this town and around
The country they've done the right thing man. They built a juggernaut and
Everybody's like glaminato it and wants to be a part of it and squeezing it and everything else
Which I think is fine no TV today again from Puerto Rico from San Juan
So you can see the marlins pound the crap out of the little league Montreal expose it to
You can hear it 235 pre game at two see it on your radio see it on your radio take a look and boy
You'll go to Nukoma if you need an app Dave and boring. I'll be doing a game until boo comes on
Dave and boring he is just
Turn on
I mean boog is a little rock and rolly, but he's then he's got a lot of clichés
That's true. They got to call him ripped him that day, but he's good
He makes he puts him excited into what he's enthusiastic. He's a living and breathing person
Not some a fossil man with a bad herpes
Anyway, Alan one of our regular facts who says the small print on Lippertour says
Not shown to prevent heart disease or heart attacks on the ads. So what's the point
The point is that the people will make it Pfizer and
Merck and all these other pharmaceutical giants
That's the point that they want to make billions and billions of dollars and they want a fleece
American public as much as they can as fast as they can until they find out that some of these things kind of like the litamide remember that
Eli Lilly. Oh, yeah, yeah, the flipper chose all sorts of grotesque and horrendous things
And of course your doctor is probably getting a lot of nice trips and vacations and maybe get laid once in a while
Whatever because he's peddling all that good for seminars so core and things like that all of these things
Also Alan says error America's on a key west on 1500 WK IZ
On her show last Friday Randy said she learned everything she knows about talk radio from neo-rogers in Miami
And thanks very much Randy in you right and number two. I'm sure glad I'm not on error America. Now, but I think about it
Oh
I could just imagine after investing all of these years in this business waking up yesterday morning and discovery
Oh, that's why you're not on Chicago LA today and they like the doors in Chicago all the door opens
Yeah, next week maybe New York and maybe yeah see they they have a skeleton crew
They just have a board op sitting in the other market
I'm you're laughing. I know they're not broadcasting people don't you understand?
It's kind of like one step away from from 790 from waxy 790s that one step away from that
They basically have least the time on these stations
So that they could put these programs on the earth
Thought I want them saying I know and if they wind up in some kind of a problem like they have in Chicago in LA
And who knows where else then they ain't on the air and they got to go to court
And who knows if they really have the money or not? I don't think I really need that at this stage of minus
So good luck Randy
And worse comes to worse you can always come back to what you're getting ready for right welcome home right welcome home no problem
Now this facts bothers me because I didn't say anything about the statin drugs did I you didn't hear me saying that I didn't hear it
Because this is sir could you please see I'm not a doctor. I just give my opinions
I don't want anybody to start taking something or stop taking something just because I got a big mouth here
I'm not prescribing I have an totally unqualified to be doing that
I'm just quoting things that I've written that I believe very strongly about the butchers in the medical profession
Okay most of which are then they are
Hello doctor. Yeah, hello doctor. Would you like to come and butcher me up today? No, but I'll come over and see you
All right, it'll kill some good time doctor
How long will I have to wait a couple of hours? Oh, that's great. I have nothing else going on anyway
Bring my knitting. Yeah, I'm a professional victim. Maybe you can tell me I got something bad
Neil could you please restate the name of the book about stans? I'm currently on crestor
Which did lower my cholesterol from 495 to 220 but I would really prefer not to be and it's not my diet
I'm only a year old from triple bypass surgery. Definitely don't want to go through that again. Thanks
I really appreciate it
Here's somebody's been through triple bypass surgery
I'm gonna see your way from going through it again. They're asking me for advice
No, no, seriously. I wish you all the best. I hope you don't have to go through it again
But please please find a real doctor. Okay, get a search part in. It's not easy here find a real doctor
Please I beg you the name of the book is
Well, we don't know what it is I used to
By Kilmer McCulley called and it's not a book about cholesterol. It's a book about
heart heart and heart disease and about all these things and he does then he's got a section toward the back of the book about these
Stanton drugs and he just rips them and asks and tells you that there are a lot more date and he's also
Wolf I'll find it kill. What is the name Kilmer McCulley? Well, why should do a search on it while you're sitting there picking your nose
Because I got a good one. Oh, no, but the reason I mentioned the trans fatty acids because I had a story that I never got to
Which is very boring nobody wants to hear it, but it's it's important stuff
It's about a local doctor doctor Michael D. Osner and the Gables
This was where was this where I find this somewhere years before trans fats made into the public radar
Mymy cardiologist doctor Michael D. Osner was calling them a major health hazard and telling his patient to avoid foods containing that fat
And Dr. Bob rest and peace doctor atkins. There's another one. It was screaming about trans fatty acids and how they will kill you
And how they were held a lot worse for you than all this business about cholesterol and about zocore and lipitor and all these Stanton drugs
And also homocysteine which this a Kilmer McCulley didn't he discover homocysteine?
I'm pretty sure he did. I'll take your word for it. Yeah, no, he did
This isn't just some schlep that wrote another book like Dr. Frile that pretends to be a diet guru
I was waddling around with a big fat puppet
Anyway, Dr. Osner says of the three types of fat trans fats are the worst of the lot
Of saturated unsaturated and trans fat Osner is medical director of wellness and prevention at Baptist cardiac and vascular institute
He was persuaded by the evidence showing trans fats lower good or HCl cholesterol increased bad or LDL cholesterol
So quit eating them cookies and potato chips and french fries George
trans fatty acids they'll kill you they're bad. They're poison. There are yummy
While doctors still don't know exactly how trans fats work
They do know they can wreak significant damage
Harvard's landmark study of more than 80,000 nurses found that just replacing 30 calories
Or seven grams of carbohydrates each day with 30 calories or four grams of trans fats nearly double the risk of developing heart disease
You hear that I'll read that again
They found that replacing just 30 calories
Seven grams of carbohydrates each day with 30 calories
Or four grams of trans fats nearly double the risk of developing heart disease. They are poison
There are two I don't know which one you want. I don't know what the homocysteine revolution. That's it and the heart revolution
I don't know which one it is well get them both
No, no, seriously. He the guy is a fantastic. He's out freaking standing. Oh, he's out the
Stanton. Oh, that's worse. He's out
King standing
Now here. Well, I don't like this. That sounds too. I don't know. It's just it makes you feel like big brother is listening and watching
Which he probably is but I like he's out standing the first one was the heart revolution right homocysteine revolution must have come out
Subsequently I see
Well, no seriously if you're taking that full look acid
Not just plain full look acid, but we come out with the B vitamins which have been taking that for me a long time
That's gonna bring I'm telling you to give me that look
I know give it a please don't look
It brings your home all-level way down. How much more match-wise since I started taking that formula
How about if I just take a centrum and go for a walk?
You just give it to our programming people. We'd really be in good shape. We could butcher this place up a little bit
Freaky car was that's why you moist the time. It takes a lot of homocysteine. Yeah. He's a lot of homo alright
About 210 pounds of creepy homo. It's a 20-till
20-till noon at 560 oh by the way I wonder if he has pink eyes
Good and good you know when you're not feeling like yourself. I feel like Dennis Franz today
And I have manbrasts you may feel sad hopeless and lose interest in things you once loved
Sparky I feed you poop. I feed you poop. Why don't you just curl up and die
If you deal the activities in relationships suffer
I'm erring. What's up?
Forget it. You're a heinous blow pig
These are some symptoms of depression depression may be related to an imbalance of naturally occurring chemicals
Zooloft works to correct this imbalance
Side effects may include dry mouth and somnia
Sexual side effects diarrhea nausea and sleepiness. Damn. I just trapped all over my bed. I'll clean it up tomorrow
So locked and you know more about what's wrong. You can help make it right. There you go. Let's go into the loft
It's 17 to
First of the hangers blow pig. Yeah. Oh, that's bad. I hope somebody got digest higher up. It's out there ponytail. You think? No
I think not how do you know that I'm just guessing oh come on
Just keep on building some of the really macho guys. We got like Tommy roll up his sleeves and go out there and I'm capable of it
Huh, it's not like they're not capable of it and even though Jeff has fed the building many times right?
That's right. At least you can do for Jeff Cohen who's fed this building a million times brought all that food
And you people sitting around here lazy. Well, we don't have anybody in the building. You know, all the Skippy might do it because you know
Oh, yeah, I can see Skippy changing the tire right
By the way, when you finish running over Todd Dreck with the right side tires run over Skippy and I can just see a two for one deal
Man, limited a lot of our problems here at QAM
Here's our pool today on the orages.com which we got the lovely uh dead margo Hemingway on there while she was still alive and looking pretty decent
Which of these people offend you the most religious fanatics 261 that was my vote. They make me spuked can't stand him
They are the bane of human existence the root of all evil in the right wing is a hundred
Of course, there's a lot of slap over from under categories to another. That's okay figure out, you know
Old Jews 23 and old Cubans 21 they seem to be like right side by each where they belong right
Liberals 13 Blacks 13
Atheus 6 Golf fanatics 4 four golf fanatics. I'm listening
Uh, what else we got Haitian drivers three Jamaicans 2 sports nerds 2 and computer nerds finally got one
out of 454
Wait till you're this
More Michael Jackson bad news. Oh bad news from the New York Daily News from the front page section
Liberace X adds to Jaco's woes
Michael Jackson is lashing out at a former lover of Liberace who claims to have had an affair with Jaco
Scott Thorson 45 says he twice had roms with the gubbed one shortly before splitting with Liberace in the early 80s
I
Think what he's trying to say is Michael your gay
Jackson's it
I know that pains you greatly. No, no, I love that drop. Oh
Jackson's attorney Steve Cochrane tells us Thorson's stall or a story as false trash and you know what it's Thursday
And you know I forgot
That's because that was the track last night. I didn't pick up the inquire. See this is another reason I cannot be here
Maybe skip you'll bring that to yeah, sure you will after he's finished changing the tire for Jeff Cohen
He'll bring me the national inquire from well. I bet you it's right over here Walgreens. Sure
Somebody will drop by the inquire so I could read the whole story because this is just a short blur from days
New York Daily News the national inquire where Thorson makes his claim reports that he passed a polygraph test
And is ready to testify in the singer's child molestation case about his relationship with Michael Jackson
Thorson believes he could prove useful to prosecutors if Jackson's lawyers assert that their client is thoroughly heterosexual
And thus would have no interest in boys
Your gay
Thorson says that after meeting Jackson in 1979 in Vegas the two had their first sexual encounter in a London apartment
Thorson a former model says he was trying on some new clothing when Jackson motioned him over to the bed where the singer was lounging
He contends that they had another twist the following day after a dinner party
Michael felt comfortable up to make the first move on me. I didn't resist his Thorson
Michael begged me to leave Liberacea. I had to say no
Thorson admits in the inquire that Liberacea victed him from their LA home in 1982 after Thorson became addicted to paint colors and other drugs
Thorson later sued Liberacea for Palomone. Maybe now we can move in with Rush. Huh?
Maybe kind of turn him around
Thorson claims he saw Jackson often on over the next few years. He doesn't say off around what
Twice he claims he saw gay porn mags on Jackson's nightstand once with pictures that look like young boys
Cochrane reacted angrily to Thorson's allegations saying we reserve our right to seek the appropriate remedies against any person who makes this claim
Cochrane we're not we're not we're not saying about him in this story. Oh Steve Cochrane
I say as soon as I saw Cochrane I thought about Johnny Cochrane
Who we used to call Johnny I'm not sure we won't anymore for obvious you
Uh Steve Cochrane said it's all trash and of course everything's trash
Whatever whatever
Right
Come on and fact I think it's time for another big party at Neverland you might move back in for a dude who's in through another big
Bash put on put on a happy face and deny of course that you're gay right
Let me just tell you right now folks anybody who denies that they're gay there are the ones
Believe you me the ones who are always pointing the fingers
Those who are rattling the the spears. Oh, I'm speaking of a gay Lindemore
Oh, what's your name? Lisa Marie Pressley. Linda Marie. Okay. Lisa Marie. She uh
Finally fest up. I had to sign a couple weeks ago tonight about their dyke affairs
And then she had joined the Scientologist of course
It's just a coincidence
It relevant Tom Cruise John revolted all of these people were always holding press conferences and suing people to make sure that everybody understands that they're not gay
Right absolutely right
They're all Scientology. I understand the next to the Catholic Church. It's the biggest closet in the world
Is what I'm here. I could be wrong. It's roomy. No they got room for more
No, and if you have a roomy, they'd like to find out who it is and what they look like
And will they cooperate?
Anyway, five six that we haven't taken any calls here today just a couple in two hours
I feel like I've let this crowd down have I I've enjoyed this so far. It's been good. It's been fantastic
Except for the part with Jeff. That was fine. So he's a good guy. He just uh, he's a show killer not as much so as Rimmer though
Oh, and a hockey stuff
well
Which of these people offend you the most religious fanatics
275 out of 478 right wingers 107 old Cubans 25 old Jews 23 don't be a Yanta
Liberals 14 and blacks 14 atheist seven golf golf fanatics four Haitian drivers for Jamaicans two sports nerds two and computer
And it's one. I probably should have said imperious Jamaicans like Jamaican women. Yeah
I don't think that Jamaican men are like that. Are they?
I don't know what that meant. No, but that Jamaican women it's always um with that phony
Very British style accent, you know kind of looking at other nose at you
Anyway, here's one from Charlie and dear field beach who keeps making
Making his name smaller and smaller because he's embarrassed to be in such a chronic. He's hooked on it. He can't stop
Can't stop. He's all right. Now he's good. He's an excellent factor
He says in the off chance you haven't already heard about it mentioned red analyzed trash to be joyced over the article
The path to war in this month's vanity fair magazine which I haven't heard about and haven't read yet
I thought I'd just bring into your attention. It's a bit long but definitely worth reading
See, that's another thing I got to get is this month's vanity fair
Because that's a long and inditing article about what went on air and the reason we went to war in Iraq and all these people
Has that too. A wall green's just got vanity fair and I guarantee they got that new inquire
Comes out every Thursday or at least I hope it does. Why is it? I still don't understand
They publish all of tabloids in Lantana, right? We could throw a brick from here to Lantana probably would be a good idea
And then they probably smoke it. No, it's certainly because throw a whole bunch of baseballs. Well tightly wound, right?
Who wants it now that they took it away from Haiti? We'll have to find out
And that's how close Lantana is but for whatever the reason is the tabloids I get them faster in Toronto than I get him here
Why is that like trying to find a fresh orange at the store? They're grown here. Yeah, and you can probably buy them in
Asha, Ontario right fresher than you can get them here right same thing with the bag maybe in maybe in
Iron city. I thought the weed came in through here. Right. Try to find a reasonably priced bag or maybe in Kenosha
5670560. Everybody in Wisconsin. Yes, never been there. See there you go. You got me on that through did the bus thing
You know back all back never been to Wisconsin a lot of beard rinkers there a lot of German sausages a lot of Nazis
560560560 on the 18 and T and Verizon wireless lines used to do that again WQAM. Hello
QAM
Speaking sir, you know we will all be hiding like in trying to look at me
See I want to talk to some real people not some of you chronic idiots some of you chronic
golf holes
Not interested die die woody die die in who is now with the gold of my ear said die die in
5670560 we're trying to like spice it up with some really interesting calls here now
Which what do you want? Okay, you're a real case, but you're not interesting. You're about as interesting as that
Well, not not even close
Facts is pouring off the machine here baby
Donna from West Palm Beach says I've been following the proceedings of the non-loving commission
I'm curious as to when somebody's going to ask uh, yada yada. Okay
Whatever you say Donna don't don't start turning the show into light bulb. Please okay?
Leave the article reading to me and let's have a little bit of a good time here today
Let's not get two ponderous with light bulb junior. Okay or senior a these are any of these things
I just I have such an that's another reason I wouldn't want any part of ira america. I really wouldn't write
I mean, I'm not gonna lie to you. I'd sure love to be on here in New York in LA in Chicago
In ashore, but not not not in that kind of a format doomed because even though they claim that out frank and well
He's such a great humorous. That's not the purpose of that deal. What they wanted to be is the uh
The left wing counter to right wing crap mm-hmm
Not interested in that they went out with nickers and they don't understand that I keep telling you
It's the same with a sports format in this down the station these morons in this town. Oh, we're gonna show you
We're gonna have another sports agent people don't listen to Jim Manich and Hank Goldberg and Joe Rose because they're sports
They're listening to them because of the who they are and their personality. They all all those guys
They couldn't be talking about anything they could be talking about sex and the backback of the day were and have a hell of a lot of
The number that we got now
Because sports is really narrow casting everybody's interested in getting late just about
Only a small percentage of people are really all that obsessed with sports rhyme or clock
Men, they're all here and they're all right in this building bankers one sitting right through this
I could probably throw a brick right from here where I'm sitting right through that wall right it cleanses his head
I'll go get you a brick the only problem being where there's no sense. There's no feeling
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on me and by the way clearance you're gay
Well, I mean was just sitting there it might as well use it
WQA and hello, I've heard that before. Yes Q.A. Am
Yes
I beg your pardon. Got the good morning the Michael Jackson. Okay, right. That's him
Uh, I wondered how long it would be
WQA. Am hello
Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'd like to mention something about the FCC
What are they going to do with the he-ha reruns with all their swatulant sounds? Oh, that's right
Yeah, you want to see that no more? No
No, the family, right censored everything. Okay, in fact on all the family when he's always had flushing that turl it upstairs
You know, we hear that number. That was one of the funniest things on a show as when you can always hear the sound of that
We allowed flushing turl it upstairs and we'll be here no turl it flush because that has to do with
Exkritory activity and archies to say GD all the time. Yeah
Now how many years ago was that on the air? About 40 man. Yeah 40
And here we're not and we're not only are we making any progress
We're taking these big gigantic steps back into the distant past pretty soon. You're gonna have to say oh can I go to the water closet?
Please
Yeah, the WC. I'm sorry
Feel that's nothing to it. In fact, we'll have to do code can I go to the WC fields to sign language right?
Here's the pantomime for going number one
Don't go there literally or figuratively
Get the old girl is there I got a great idea for a vulca brand, but you know a young Neil right not
I'm reaching the twilight of my existence. How about old Neil?
Huh?
I can just get it right now. That's the one. I think that's a good idea. But I work on it right now sweetheart old Neil
I could shoot at Moa finger too
Fine, but I won't because he'd probably like it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and rising the
I'm listening. Okay, it's my new buddy now. I knew main man. I don't know. I just I
I know I can't I can't I must tell you I can't figure him out
I mean, I know that 90% of it is a bitter nasty hostile
egotistical pompous or whatever, but there's just a part in there that could be uh, I don't know every catcher in the ride
Kind of like a long time or something. It wants to be like just doesn't know how to do it. Yeah
No, he does want to be like you're right and even after all this time all the places that he's been canned and the place that
He's left and been railroaded out of and all the people that he's alienated and all the people that just rip him an ass
He still hasn't figured out it. You know in other words the world is out of step and he's in line, you know what I mean?
He just doesn't get that and I wish there was some way
To split now now maybe uh, maybe since Gellie threatened to walk out and has abandoned him this way
Let them with the big uh, in fact, you know what it is
That's what it is because when you leave somebody with the big then they start really whatever you say, you know
Yeah, please please come back Gellie. Please what come on Gellie. Please come back
Because the big oh he's a good guy, but he is the I'm serious. He is so horrendous on here
Oh, let's be good on that don't forget to join the big oh today from noon to two right now
But I'm doing this problem. I like him. He's a good. He's a likeable guy and never so afraid of him
But the fact of the matter is he just so deadly
humorless and dead pan with that sports stuff and like I don't know just I wanted to take your word
I see before I came to this station before we came over here
And you know me I'm going a lot more sports intensive than you have ever been baseball hockey all my life
But I never I never knew that these people existed. I never encountered people like this
You know what I mean? No, I do know what you mean. I didn't know and I would either there were no people like this
Even the sports department was not no no no no they were like uh, not so one-dimensional
There were normal people who liked sports right? I mean even the
Even he was like you know flying to plane to take relief supplies during the hurricane stuff like that
They're like more human but here they're like sports sports of the times
Is what they are join the big oh right now new to two of the McDonald's located at 32 47 Hollywood more
March stop by to win prizes
We're interested to win tickets to upcoming Marlon's home game and by the way it's very late day by what
The big oh it McDonald's what from now until this afternoon
My
We're sports video 560 healing
You a yeah
Ark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M
Howard from Mocha
I
am listening
I'm
They will go to the
And if they understand English
They'll punch a card full of hope
But they're method of voting
Some say it's his bad
They have more than enough candidates
They don't need one name chat
Welcome to the recall
California
Such a crazy race such a crazy race such a crazy place such a crazy place
And what will go wrong in the recall
California
Yeah
By this time next year
Oh welcome to the recall California
So many on the slate so many on the slate no one can keep them straight
Or you can keep them straight
When they're done with the recall California
Yeah
No matter who they choose
And who they choose
But golden snake willers
Welcome to the recall California
Can I stand what they're upset about with us over there in Iraq
They just showed us through here on CNN
Certainly now news about leaflets that they're distributing
Telling the people in Baghdad to stay home
Stay indoors it they ain't safe no more
Well right
Well, these there be an honest about that
There can be honest about anything else but they're telling them the truth
But we'll get all that straight now we just have to like you know put the finishing touches on it
Why they in June what day is it?
About 30
Right sacrifice some more lives all of these things
Rick who'd see we made a bad mistake yesterday we both said nice things about facts or Rick
Right so now he's like back at it again today see
These people out there they're reaching out they're like they're like longing searching desperately trying to bond with the rest of the human race and using us as a vicarious extension
Through whom they can reach out to mankind
See what I'm saying?
We're happy to help them
Are we?
Rick says notice how channy is disappeared again I wonder if they're trying to hide him from the campaign
Carrie, Carrie, he's our man if he can't do it we'll move to Canada
Costa Rica sounds good too Sussex
Costa Rica
All the line to know about those Latin American countries I guess Central America is okay for now
I want to hear more about Belize
Belize? See
We like to hear more about Belize please
I heard it's kind of cosmopolitan there's a lot of different kinds of people living there
But if people that might just seize your assets
There's one I'm going to post there the weather's nice
Costa Rica they might seize your assets too
There's one I hear
560.560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live we got screenless here look at that response
There's nobody here anymore
Where they go?
Canada? Anywhere
No, no this is every year it's a little bit earlier they just bail on us
bail on you
WQA, hello
Yeah I talked to Neil
Speaking
Hey I want to tell you that I really don't care although I'm necessarily offended by you and
and how I'm sure I don't care if the FAC harasses you
Yeah I think that
I think your show was poison I think might be a better place without you on the air
Don't worry don't worry listen to me
Why are you listening to it?
Get some new material
Get some new material
Get a life
560.560 that was so fake man
So tragic
Pathetic
Get some new material that's poison but get some new material that won't be so much poison
Probably a friend of urban Jones
Probably his boyfriend
WQA, hello
Neil for that last golf tag that you called?
Yes
I'm the fuck off
Okay
That was cute
560.560.560 on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line
Now see he was already ringing the phone but I guess he was so inspired by the previous golf hole
That called? Not golf bag
He was the golf hole
No no no no
Golf hole
WQA, hello
Neil
Yes sir
WQA, hello
Good afternoon to you sir
Can't you talk to me
Nothing calls right now
Okay thank you
Sorry
WQA, hello
Hello, would you like to hear about Belize?
Sure, please Belize
Belize is beautiful
The food is fabulous, the diving is fabulous
People are fabulous
And why do you think they're pretty good?
What languages do we have to choose from in Belize?
French
English
Really?
Yes, they speak English, they speak Spanish, Guatemala
Why don't you go to Miami? They speak English
Yes, they speak English, they're educated in English
And the Guatemalan send their families over to learn English
Huh, and do laundry
It's wonderful
Thank you very much
Thank you so much, we don't have a great day
Please, I'm my Westian Belize
And maybe just as a way of thanks you give her eyes squeezed
Good thing I saved that intertub
560.560 on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line
I think you're poison, I think you want to die
Here's a greeting from Miami
WQA, hello
Yes sir
Happy Thursday to you sir
No bad, no bad, we do it
I want to put two people on your pole
Two people on a pole?
Which of these people offend you the most, okay?
Okay, white people is one
White people? And Batman
What was the other one?
Fatty man
Badty man
Badty man
Fatty man? What's that?
That's a kind of Bush's song for I'm gay
Oh, I see
Okay, well we sure don't have none of those around here
Badty Man
Badty Man
Oh, we can put that on here?
Fags white people and fags
And he especially don't like white fags
Because we know for sure there ain't no uh uh uh uh uh
Fag whatever he is
That's for damn sure
Which he's not too happy about because he's looking desperately to find one okay, pal
We'll put that on a poem will write your name on a T-room wall info number
We'll put it on there like that. Well fags are gay. Yeah, oh fags. Oh, WQM. Hello
WQM hello
How are you doing okay hang on a second pali now Jeff Cohen came back did they fish you tired working on it?
Who's working on it?
They showed up for us or just oh
In other words, we didn't do any good
But we can't always we can't bet a thousand. There's nobody around don't you understand there's nobody here now
So tire kingdoms right across the street Jeff had a in this human hot weather
He had to walk all the way across the street. How many feet is that about 30 feet over there on the other side of the street on
Whatever it is 441 without a hat without a hat no less to protect him from that blazing in front of his son and
Get the tire kingdom people to change his tear they're working on it right now
So you miss your 1130 with that hooker in
We're in the halendale. I guess maybe you make it in time for your 1230
Every hour on the hour. It's the shower of power. It's under the hope the phone. Okay, ho on
Okay, here's something that was holding on hello
Yes, you're sorry about that but Jeff Cohen had a problem. Yeah, I understand life is the is the bit of a millionaire the one with a key
Diddy and ODB the one where about 30 comes from is that one of the illegal ones you can't play anymore? Oh
Do you mean I have no life?
30 man that one yes, sir. Why wouldn't we be able to play that? Oh?
I don't know I was just wondering you haven't played if he would say about if we played about 69 he couldn't say that but but
Yeah, you got it right there. There go in fact, we'll play it 30 times
30 man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 this is the part of the show that I really love when a really aim material starts coming from the audience
Well, they look there under a lot of stress. They're being abandoned
Everybody with like more than 50 bucks in your pocket. Okay, who is capable of doing is bailing out I
Still say that that tells you everything you need to know about this area. I
Mean, it's it's not like the weather is in surf. I mean it's pretty since all I'd rain and crap in the last couple of days
It's beauty is nice and cool cool
Sun is shining and on a cloud in the sky if you live like a between an orange and
Ojas and
What's not to like you know, but the fact of the matter is they're getting now while they're getting is good
See what I'm saying because now up north it's starting to get like you know 55 60 maybe in some places 70
So I think what they're really trying to say is hey guess what I'd rather be up here
In fact if the weather was like
65 70 75 all year up here we never see you rise down there is what they're trying to say and of course a lot of you would say
Well, that's good stay no way you know as a way of rationalizing the deficiencies of the area in which we live you live
Did you say Aryan yes nation?
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Pally pretty good. Pally. What's up?
Not too much. I have two additions for your poll. Oh boy
Go ahead
Physical fitness nuts physical fitness nuts like Jeff Cohen. There's one and
Figure out smokers cigarette smokers. Well, that's an interesting combination. Yeah, I think so they're kind of opposites
Okay covers some my territory. Thanks, Pally. Thank you. Have a great day cigarette smokers and the physical fitness nuts physical fitness freaks
No, because generally physical fitness nuts are freaks and there's one sitting right in there take a look at him man
Oh brother. Hey, it's 11 past noon speaking of the pizza loft the one and only see that's why I came back
Any probably sneak the peak at the log when it was in here before I'm not putting you on to impellege the spot
Now what's this about no BS coupons like they're the joints because the pizza loft offers every Thursday like today
A special where you buy any entree and the second one is half price
Airby Tuesday at the loft when you buy one airplane dinner the second one's only five bucks again
You don't need no phony coupon every week they do this every Monday you buy one was on dinner the second one's only five bucks
And again, no coupon necessary because it isn't just like alternate for a day is the fourth of each month between now and next circus
It's all the time and of course the great formula for their successive pizza loft is because they're consistent and Jeff stays out of your way and out of your hair
He's out getting laid all day
It's the only restaurant in the country with no microwave and everything is either baked or sauteed
They give you gigantic fresh portions everything is delicious three different kinds of great pizza the best girl
Of course you've ever had and because they've got over 200 seats
You don't have to stand online on a weekend to wait to get seated and start just tromp it on them that good stuff
They also at the pizza loft delivered at same great menu from let's see all over the place
West all the way to Flamingo Road north to Someray's Boulevard south to Pine's Boulevard east to 441 draw it on a map
And of course they do great catering to for any affair you may be having and believe me Jeff knows his affairs
For his little just five bucks per person you find a world famous pizza loft going strong there in Davie
Between 595 and Griffin Road on University Drive-Ride Beyond Pierwold imports tons and tons of free parking
Here's the number to call and Jeff knows his numbers call 954 916 88 80 in fact if he go in one slow a bit slow
Like you know 330 nap no one's enough time and Jeff happens to be there
He'll regalia with lots of great stories. I'm sure 954 916 88 80 for the world famous pizza loft in Davie
Welcome
I'm a god on the street the minute to feed
Not to keep you should have seen me used up all but she's I need
Should have realized then should have wrote that 10 should have no
The baby I told you all the way back home
But I got nowhere to go that's why I'm asking you Joe
I'm talking to the
But he
I
Except
I
Save
You come now what's the myster what's he writing on a wall back there don't know all
I'm looking at there's a big pink spot on the back of his head don't tell me about it. It's the same color as his eye
Trend dates oh
Great oh, yeah, now I wouldn't be putting them that for ahead
Not without other sports station coming on here. I wouldn't be planning it for a head
Now wait to hear this facts in line with the other guy to call it all been out of shape of legs bad phone call
Please take that picture of the now listen to this Neil Rogers please take that at least they said please the ugly picture of
Condoleezza rice off your website makes me puke every time I see it we all know she's an ugly liar
We don't need to be reminded of it every day
PS get better looking women for the beaded curtain and show all the goods and you know what they left off at the end?
I'm sure they forgot was an oversight where they were going to say like that yeah I get that a lot no matter what we do on there
It's not enough or good. There's not a damn thing wrong when the pictures be get on there
Okay, the way things are going right now with John ascroft all these other Nazis out there you better be glad you can even see a little booby
Okay, I mean thousands of even your own sites are there free and other right for this
For this right to endorse it if you want to go to the site there's 80 billion porn sites
We try to put a little class on there right on quality last three letters of it quality pictures right like that Marilyn Monroe one we had on last week
Scouring for hours to find good quality and when we get instead of anybody saying thank you for putting it on there
It's like really a breath of first year and it's classy and we enjoyed and it's kind of fun and whatever and you know that I check the
The referral thing on there where the stats
There's 80 trillion of these punks coming in they want to see a nude picture, okay?
So we're giving them a public service desparados
Couldn't get laid in amps to them in the middle of the red light district
But oh no complain complain complain
Yeah, belly ache just take what you got and enjoy it, okay sweetheart. Oh
Or take a hike yeah, now here's the fact that says Belize is kind of cool great for diving and fishing otherwise it gets boring quickly
I like soft find ways the official languages technically English used to be British Honduras the official currencies the West dollar a bit expensive to fly to do not go in
Land it's a bit unstable one could end up six feet under not sounding to sound into promise adventure land how about an illegal immigrants for your pool how about illegal
Aliens let's put that on okay, sure or how about just alien no illegal aliens and that says Jeff Kohn should fix his own
Dan tire lazy but hold it. Hey Jewish okay Jews don't change tires you better get with it you've been spending too much time on beliefs
On the island out here on the islands we do think different
That's what they see over there on Los Olas out here on the islands we do things differently five six seven oh five six
You don't forget the big oh is waiting for you McDonald's go over there and get a big Mac
32 47 Hollywood Boulevard stop by to win prizes registered to win tickets not coming Marlins game
They're harder than a firecracker man Marlins are on fire
Don trail willis three for three again. He's got seven consecutive hits seven at basketball back last season and a three run
Homeward to top it all off last night man
They got some like legitimate superstars on his team Miguel Cabrera Don trail willis Josh Beckett
I forgot you're back. It's in over in a room where I'm gonna throw the brick in a little while
Let's rise that pull coming with
What you only wish even the bad haircut you only wish you were Josh Beckett clearance who you kidding man
Which of these people offend you the most forgot to put clearance on there
584
Religious fanatics 338 almost 60% our second-tied you religious nuts
Beatness over the head with your fairytales with your bubble my sees, okay
Right-wingers 122 old Cubans 28 and old Jews 27. You know, so they're like stuck side
They're almost stuck together with some of that crazy glue that Moe uses to put on at peace
Absolutely one to rule and date when to rule and brown and liberals and blacks are like side by age two 18 a piece
18 for liberals 18 for blacks. What about the black liberals?
Haitian drivers nine
Eighth the seven golf fanatics seven golf holes cigarette smokers for sports nerds three bags two
Jamaicans two computer nerds one and none yet for white people or fitness nuts. I wonder if we just to put on air
What we just add are we legal aliens? Yeah, it hasn't even popped up here, but it will
It'll be refreshing. There it is. It's on mine. It's not on mine. Could it'll be refreshing. Let me just refresh it again
There it is just like farting in the shower. It'll be so refreshing. Oh, can't say that no more and there it is
out of 597 vote
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon line WQAM. Hello. What time the show start?
As soon as as soon as you hang up WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Neil I heard you read the Michael Moore piece this morning. Yes. Can you tell me where that appeared on my fax machine?
On his website Michael Moore dot com. Oh, okay. It's not in any publication then right?
But why do you need a publication if it's on his website? Because I can't get online. That's why not
Uh, it's a long story. Thank you for everything you know. That's a long story
Well, he's same guy goes to public and you know you'll have to stand over there. I can't get online
He wants to be served immediately if not sooner. Well, no, whatever magazine you got right there on your counter pal
It's in there just to make him feel better. Did we get our national inquiry yet? No, no, no, did we get our
責任 bringing our vanity fair? We'll wait for a day. He's busy. He's late for a hot day
And he's busy getting this tar change by tar king them over across the street and nobody here helped him out
What a much a lazy bastard's we got in this place. I told you he's brought them all about free food
I mean for six and a half years now. Oh, please we he's brought food and even Noah
Never could have filled up the arc with this much food. You know what I'm saying?
Uh, how much food to fill up that whole ship
They get food over there. Do you think anybody ever tells us?
Very rarely very seldom
Like I know you don't like sushi, but I like it. I'm gonna sushi over there. They don't tell me
I mean when you're looking at some kind of food that you're supposed to be eating and it's looking back at you at that point
I'm not too crazy about it. Okay. I tell you know it's fresh when it's still moving when that evil eyes starts moving at that point when in doubt spit it out
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, you know, what is up dog? How you doing? Okay? All right
A new stand. Yes, new stands back in the days. I'm talking about back in the days in front of immigration of 17
This game. There was one little one in the corner. Oh, absolutely right. All my life. That's the only one I ever seen down here
Right little plywood shack. Yeah, that's right. That was there for a long time. Yeah
We're across from where we're across from where the INS building is now. Yes
Thank you. What else used to be there? What wasn't uh juniors was there get the junior honey
Junior was there
I think my single cigarettes there but that's right back back in the back in the day
When they were like a few white people in that hood now they're ain't no mole
Right. Yeah, because they kept robbing them. How's how Sonny's market doing?
Landies market. No Sonny's market. Oh Sonny's market just to run down
By pizza. What do you call it? I'm Papa John. That's all that's there. Right. What is that?
Jesus infecting all over the place. He did there for a good time that a long time
Ever a great day, Billy
hahaha
Very good, I bet you got that with sonny
Yeah, I think you do. You're all play some mod. Jesus music for Philip
Maybe
I
Could be in the box
I'll fight it during the break getting worth it not that good
5 6 705 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T come on. Let us have your best material today folks. We're getting some really great calls
Yeah, I love it. It's my favorite makes me realize where I am briefly
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi, me. I'll just want to say I love your lead ins to the to the ads. They're great the lead ins to the ads
Yeah, what was that mean? I'm not an ad. I don't know what does that mean?
Well, this how you screw some up and making funny. Oh my lead ins, okay. You do a great job. Thanks
Okay
I pledge a leading to the ad do you have any idea what that was?
You have the lead in the old like when you played go that creature was talking about
Bap
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, I want to appreciate I want to appreciate this. Oh, I appreciate the beaten pole
Oh, oh, I'll be the pretty pull down see you're getting a little bit carried away with it now
Don't keep use pull with that thing you could probably get arrested. Yeah, the thing they should complain about is the Michael Powell picture below
Yeah, I'm trying to buy him right. I don't mean the body
Okay, pal, I thanks a lot. Have a great day
5 6 5 6 7 0 5 6 4 look at this Jeff Cohen to be pleased look at the first spot the next break there is here's my lead and it's tire kingdom
Now from Washington the McLaughlin group featuring Eleanor Cliff jack Jermon
And sitting in for Pat Buchanan New York giant Tiki Barber now here's John McLaughlin
issue one
George W rings or vault
Cliff well, John I have to say wrong
Jack come on. Well, that's not an easy choice wrong Tiki Baba. I'm gonna have to say to book wrong
actual answer for exercise
Next issue Al Gore favorite Broadway show bringing the noise bringing the fun or cats
Elidoggy I think it's well done while John and after said long
Jackie Jackie big come on. What's a very difficult choice
Tiki Baba. I'm gonna have to say right not a choice
Weaky Tiki Baba you gave it answer last time I wasn't a choice wrong
Correct response cats he loves them next issue the cast of big brother should be murdered
How
Eleanor
Wrong Jack your mom dynamite wrong Tiki Baba. I don't think they should be here wrong
That's what answer boys and putting bye bye
12 31 at 5 60 WQM one of my all-time favorites and we can still play that one
I better we better make up with clearance in here because I just walked by to go take a leak and he's sitting in there with a really
They're all red-for-old brow. You know he started to take it to heart. I think
Take what's a heart
Sports oh, okay. No, I mean like all the yeah, all the I mean it's all the gentlemen of course
He is he's got very serious problems
He doesn't care about what you say clearance. Yeah. Oh definitely wrong about that. He's he's because that's my point
He's fine. He's he's read what is that
It's cool, huh?
I'm mystery pot. I
Potted up the wrong thing. What was that the pot that the secret pot that we got that's got the sound and his just room in there
There we go man. Oh man. I know he was always a little bit squeaky, but he's squeaker than guilty
Yeah, it's the door. I like that. Hey, it's 77 W ABC all the heads all of the view
What is that?
Well, what part is it? I think it's the dead pot. I'm feeding back. That's digital feedback. Oh, it's clearance is pot
Well, he's gonna be pissed when he finds out you took it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. He's all red and the brown looks like really
I'm sure it has nothing to do with anything that you said he's probably there on a QA. I'm sorry fixing up all that next auction
You know for June that new revenue stream
Line nine one of the world's most popular lines QA. I'm hello. How you doing?
Pretty good sir. I've got comments still there. No, he's long gone. Oh, I just want to just say give him a little plug and say that his food is
Absolutely incredible. Yeah, it is the best
What I'm very good. I wouldn't I mean credible you're getting a little bit creative way is excellent
It's fresh. It's delicious. They give you big portions. How much is he paying you for this?
Not 30 he's not paying me a money. He's why he's not paying me a month. Oh really?
I mean, is he sharing he's sharing some of the goods with you? We can't discuss that. Okay. I've been down to
I've been down to your favorite hotspot pompadopark and I'm a relatively young man and I was definitely the youngest man in that crowd
No question especially in the dining room. Yeah, I think the average age in the dining room is deceased death
Yes, death plus 10 and Neil yes, what did I ever do to you?
560 560 pound 560 on the 18 team for rise wireless lines to sugary was wondering where that was going
I know him now. I know that was him. He always goes on line nine
WQA him. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Last night. I ran into
you
Really probably at the at the sawgrass he ran into Ron and the old Paul the sawgrass and he said
I'm listening WQA him. Hello
All right somebody just came out of the closet on the air Jerry your game right
560 560 560 on the 18 T. Boy it's gonna be some kind of a summer down here George. I mean
Well, no, I'm not looking forward to that July and August when I want to work two days a week Tuesdays and Thursdays
That's bad whatever. I feel like real guilty taking those two in those much. No
WQA him. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you doing brother?
Sensational man. This is your Air Force partner. Hey, how you been pretty good? I heard you're back in town. Yeah briefly
Exactly. Just a little pit stop is what they call a little pit stop for refueling. Of course. There's a reason I'm giving you a cause because you're back in town. I like to pay a visit to you in Georgia.
If that'd be all right. No. Hello. Let me
Didn't you understand I just said no can't do it. Oh, okay. Well, that's fine. Don't take it personal. We just can't do that. No. Now. Okay. We're just not set up for that anymore.
Oh, you were a hot air guard guards. We have every security here. We're like like a fortress now. You know the way things are going.
Especially for you that freaky cart. I'll be referring to right. Okay. Wait. No, you want to stop buying by with him a little while but I kind of doubt it.
You don't seem to be his type or the other way around. You're probably right. Right. What big kiss do you take care of yourself back to your pal. I'll see you.
I'll see you. I'm up to George. Former Jordan happening. Stop George. So up. Jordan. Okay. See you pal. Say goodbye. Got here. He's a good guy. We just aren't the playing that game. No more. Okay. That's really hot.
We're not playing the game under any circumstances. I don't care how hot he. Well, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
It's a phenomenal. We're just doing a Marlon build up here today. Marlon's on the expose in Puerto Rico and San Juan. No less. No speaking English. I eat but never less.
And Marlon's are 7 1. They're off to a start that is so unbelievable. So just death rattling and amazing. It's almost speechless. Even George is ready to hop on it. What? I can't say WQA. I'm hello.
Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you today? Pretty good. Neil, I'd like to just start out by thanking you for giving us the real truth about the world these days. And anyway, I wanted to call about passions. Yeah.
What is the deal with Teresa? Are you getting sick of her? I got sick of her about a year ago. Two years ago. When she was squirting the big heavy duty crocodile tears all the time. She was squirting a few. She is the biggest penny. As we got to understand, every character run that show is cleverly designed to aggravate and infuriate those of us who are desperate enough to watch it every day. Just every like a Lister, you know, Alistair Crane, right?
Who has all the hand motions, always ringing the hands of machines to go on. Good thing about him though is he smoking. He's changed smoking so many of those big stovies. So probably a gigantic tumor pretty soon. Although now, what do you think that? Oh, you didn't see it yesterday. The one today is where he finally shoots Louise.
Does he? And we don't really see it. He finally pulls the trigger after the stalemate there for about two and a half days. They kill some real good time with that. And he finally pulls the trigger when you see Louise drop the big stack of all those secret CDs and.
And then you see on the picture behind Louise, you see bloodspatter. So you probably, you know, nick them on the elbow, you know, probably right probably.
So one of my favorite things on our show is when there is a scene when you really think something is finally going to come to a head of I can still say that. And like with TC, it's almost always TC and they open up the door.
And in the meantime, Julian and the Eve are hiding in the back. They know nowhere to be found. And you think that he's going to see them together and he says, oh my god.
I know. And then we go to commercial and we come back and it has nothing to do with it. Oh, it's that car that beat up old curl. I wish I had that thing. It's worth a lot of cash.
I know they do that all the time. It's a show that's designed to aggravate it and we love it. It's hysterical. I know. It's the best.
I have a request for the beaten beaten curtain. It's since it's all for men. I'm wondering if if in place of Paul that you could put a nice big picture of Johnny Depp.
Oh, I'm sure we could find one. Oh, that would be great. And by what you mean you you you you George and work out at all day today.
Great. You know the one in the TV God just recently a couple weeks ago was the best one I've ever seen. Oh my god. He's so gorgeous.
You know his new movie secret window is really very good. Oh, I heard that it was awful. I said that he like a sleepwalk is performance of the entire movie.
Oh, no, it's really cool. I read nothing but nasty thing. Well, I'll take your word for it. I'll get one.
Oh, it's not an Oscar performance or anything, but it's very clever and most of all you see him all the time. Well, there you go. That's where you care about.
Yeah. Okay, sweetheart. Have a good day. I'll pat him on the bag next time. I mean, I don't know what I'd like to know. Jack. Hey, Neil. Yes. I got two sets of lips and they both say no more. Okay, see you watch it now. Watch it.
Geez.
Five. Don't that's your assignment. Now we got to have a Johnny Depp. Not only we're still having females on her because how many women we got listening.
Yeah, we can't like abandon the whole male audience, but but lower where Adam Clayton Paul. I mean Michael Powell is now.
Is it native searcher for this test? What?
You know how many sites have to go through just to get one good picture of the chicks? So you don't have to be all that good. She's obviously easy.
Oh, Johnny Depp. You know, and his PJs, whatever without him. Yeah, preferably 20 to one at 560 Q a F.
Five and local. This is five. Six.
The radio's all yours.
Q a M.
So, honey.
If you're on the radio, you're about a huge risk right?
No, then Neil Paul's been covered in control. Your brain. No, you're the fan of these eyes.
Stop and drive the reason for that. They take your sunshine, might as well think the facts.
You can't say that.
If you're not very complicated or the Christian, then what you say on the air will be considered a sin.
Don't put the present in doubt.
Let me try and find out.
Let's find the money. Now let's back from my back.
You can officially want back the world. You can't say that.
You need to make it free.
Oh, with that principle, you'll know the song for the F.C.
I have no life.
We'll find you a bed and take your eyes into a way more than for all my notes to be your virtual voice.
Or I could have my radio to be destroyed. Those are the signals now.
I can tie them up back.
Just more white houseware to your contacts.
You need a victory won.
No, you can't say that.
Right. Although I don't know how they use to work back in C.K.L.W. like in Detroit because it was in Windsor.
Right.
Well, it did count in the TSA.
It's a geographical thing.
I don't want to get into a whole thing.
George has asked me about Arbor Trident about the market.
The local market like here Miami Fort Lauderdale in Hollywood.
But the TSA, the total survey area, would include like Boka, Isel Ray Beach,
and probably all the way down like who knows.
And does show up in the TSA.
TSA.
But that's not included in the rating itself.
I remember.
You have to look in the book.
They'll say TSA.
Just curious.
Okay.
14 till a 1 at 5, 60, a couple of factors here.
One that says, for your pool, this is a magnificent.
How could I forget?
Which of these, I mean, there's so many offenders in this whole little time.
But which of these people offend you the most?
The homeless voice people.
Oh, yeah.
Holy moly, man.
Homeless voice.
That's going to move up the hip braid like you even Sturkey Lanson's going to be a bold over by that.
Have you noticed now that you're back?
Yes.
There is barely an intersection that doesn't have that on.
I try to like zoom right on by.
And if they get in my way, I just zoom right on the bridge.
What's the widey feel kind of like a bump a little way, but that's okay.
Homeless voice.
Get that on there right away.
If not sooner.
I don't want to be pushy, but that's very imposing.
Homeless voice.
Also, it says, what's the name of Alan Arkin's movie?
What's the name of the Alan Arkin movie?
Which one?
I don't know.
Maybe there's a new one.
I'm going to Gary Glen Ross.
Oh, Glen Gary Glen Ross.
I bet you that's not in here.
What?
Those drops?
The long one.
I don't know.
Gigi dash.
Gigi dash.
Uh.
What's that?
Get the chop.
Hey.
Get the chop.
Get the chop.
We might not have to not play this stuff.
I closed the car.
Oh, wow.
Man, was that a beautiful thing on my part.
No, it's great, but you know how that goes.
No.
Now here's the one.
Oh, this is just a short one.
Got a lunch, George.
Yeah, it's this one.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch. Yeah, it's what will you go to lunch?
Go to lunch George. I'm proud of that. That's not the sure one. Will you go lazy?
I'm too lazy to reach in here. Get the whole fire.
Oh, that's it. There's only those two in there. Yeah, I see.
Anyway, here's another fact that says where can I find those Mickey Mouse
Brits since the FCC and Wimpy Cue and Mortlet your planet stuff anymore?
Who said we can't play the Mickey Mouse stuff? I don't these people don't get it.
Is there anything there's a one where he says? We can still say penis unless
Unless the parents here is a thing gets really upset. Oh, I know. Yeah.
Also the crowbit was the best. So that's come up again soon.
Now let me forget about that. Almost peed myself. Oops. I hope the FCC won't come
after me for using a bodily function. Says Matthew. They probably will.
The P police will be after the labrum. In fact, that's what the P stands for in
police. The P police. That was an all-volunteer bit.
Why is it really? Well, we don't want to talk about that too much. No, people that don't work here.
Oh, look at this. People I hate. Miami Doll fans front running sports
phonies. What we got sports nerds on there. Here's one that says I check the bedtime stories
archives on a website around March 13. Did you cover the story from the Teyran times
regarding the bushes having our people plant WMDs around Basra? We've had,
and wouldn't that just do a story? And I yesterday. Yes. Yes. When I heard the
smoking chimney that I mentioned the possibility of still fighting WMDs, I was
reminded of the above mentioned article. There's one more much more recently than
that which we had on our website yesterday and is still around. I'm sure. And
also condolences to a Georgia about his brother. And then it says here. Yisgadavi
Isgadashimae Robo. That's yes. Well, what does that mean? That's the one somebody dies.
That's good. Yeah. Well, what does it mean? Literally. I don't know. Come on.
Haven't got any idea. Don't start with that June 15th. I'm made of knowledge. Don't you know it?
Some five six seven oh five sixty pound five. In fact, what's the, uh,
what's the Joe Lieberman thing? Is that in here? I don't know. The Bokka Brian Joe Lieberman thing.
Well, you I'm telling you it's a good thing I come down here once in a great
while just to try to put it. It's not in there. I don't even know what you're
talking about. Joe Lieberman Bokka Brian bit from when?
Last Sookas. Maybe he didn't even know what it's called. He probably didn't even give it to you. He probably
didn't have it. He gives me. He sends all the good things to Toronto. He always
does the comedy service. You're small potatoes, right? I don't think you even have it.
The one where they go at the end. You're good. Obviously. You haven't heard that. Oh,
it's fabulous. It's new. Let me play it for you right now. I'll take it. Five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Oh, we're supposed to mention according to
suds. Frontline on PBS channel two in South Florida. I don't know what it is on WS
C. Ellen Palm Beach. Whatever. They can do mine at the same time. Not sure. No, I know that.
But I mean, I don't know if they care. I'm programmed. Same time. So the front line that's
tonight on PBS 10 p.m. Is that true about John? What's his name? I just said it. I said it. John.
The FBI guy that died. Well, what is his name? Whatever the email? Whatever his name was.
That died in the World Trade Center. They got from the FBI. That was his name. Boy,
this computer slot. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Live. WDQAM. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you? Pretty good.
Well, now I've made a call before about Johnny Depp. Yes. Give me a great idea. You know, you have
like the naked woman of the day for the men kind of come to the website. You can have a Johnny
Depp picture of the day. I know I'm there every day. I see. I would I would I would hit that website
so hard and so fast and so often while the F.D. careful. Careful. The F.D. too. The F for me.
See? You got to tell the all whipped up now. Yeah. We'll go find those nice pictures of Johnny
because they're out there. Okay. We'll look for them. Have a wonderful day. It's gorgeous.
And the pictures too. YouTube. Thanks. It is a beautiful day, man. Too bad we got so many crappy
people down here. I mean, right? Yeah. Yeah. So fabulous day in the neighborhood, man. It's just
the wrong people at the wrong place. 5, 6, 7. Who I think I'm Joseph? I can't believe I can't
what what the hell was his name? Joe Mama Joe Biden Joe Smith. Joe Wilson. No, that's the other guy.
Joe Castello Joe Castello Joe Rose Joe Peppaton Joe name Joe Garajola Joe Dima.
WQM. Hello. Neil Joe Biden. Yes, sir. How you doing, my friend? Pretty good, Pally. Hey, listen,
I got one for your call. I just tuned in. Sorry. I don't know if it's on there yet, but professional athletes.
Professional athletes. A few of them. Not all of them, but some of them. It really fits me off.
Okay. Well, we'll give it some consideration. What do you say? Oh, 5, 6, 7,
12. I mean, which of these people will fend you the most professional athletes? That to me seems
like don't question. I don't know. Just some of them. If I don't fit, you must equip it. So I think
the answer is no. Nice try, though, Pally. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I am. I have the
fighting line with the gay guys. I mean, with the you have a dividing line with the gay guy.
Which ones are on the left side? Which one is the right side? Which one is the right side? Which one is the
right side? What gay guys? No, it's a gay hero. They see Charles Darwin as their savior.
And I think if you talk to religious synetics, the people that don't believe in Charles Darwin
think that his theory of evolution is so I've realized that evolution was a gay thing.
I never knew that. Have you ever noticed that the gay guys always sit and have the little sticker
on their car? Is this Darwin? No. No. I never stop. I never stop to ask the drivers if they
were gay or not. Okay. How do you know that? Because they have the Darwin. How do you know if the
drivers are gay? I don't know because they're gay. Oh, well, stop and check it out for us. Do
some research. He's looking to get the pink hair. Listen, don't forget to check out the T-Rome
with JC Penney's and Wesley. Man, I hear it's a real hoot. Five six seven. Oh, in fact,
his name and number are probably written on there. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T John O'Neal. John O'Neal. I'm so sorry. Got him. I and you you want to know
why? Because in the Paul O'Neal book he writes about John O'Neal and certainly in the Richard
Clark book he's got many references to John O'Neal who was a good friend of his and a great, I mean,
a really a bright guy and very courageous guy. Unfortunately, he was a he was this first day on the
job or first week on a job in the World Trade Center in Bada Bing that was the end of him.
I can't wait for the conspiratorialist to start thinking about that.
Why not is ringing George WQAM? Hey, good morning. Good afternoon. Good afternoon.
Still morning here. Okay. Where are you?
Out of West Coast. Oh, in LA. I'm so sorry about that. You're America.
Oh, I listen to them on the Internet too, but that is more you know on the Internet.
It's boring in PR-ish. You know, Randy's her she's the only mainstream one on there.
The other guys were just boring. Actually, Connie was talking about CKLW grew up in Cleveland.
Right. And I've worked in radio on and off, but I have small darbors. I'm going to show them
getting a 30. Very good. 30 man. 33.
Right. 33. 7 to midnight. What a one of signal A. Hey man.
60's. Well, that AM signal would just hug the coast of Lake area and it came in city grade.
It was awesome. Yeah. The big eight. So I love when you do the drop.
The the Eastern two thirds of the country. You could hear CKLW at night like it was right in your
backyard. Probably the other biggest one that we will.
Wabc, New York. No, no, usually was WLS. WLS in Chicago. There you go. I got some
energy. And was here somewhere. And remember Barney Pipp on. Sure. WCFL.
Yeah, I got awesome. So I love to drop in. The voice of labor WCFL used to carry the white
socks games with boring Bob Elson. Yeah. And well, yeah, every time it's, of course,
the sooner they carried the socks, we'd be out of there when Barney Pipp came back on.
Right. There you go. Awesome. Good for you. Thanks, Palli. Have a great day. Say hi to
Al Franken. Oh, that's right. Locked out. CKLW hit bomb. What happened to my WLS jingles?
It's around there. It is. They got to be over there. Those are real good ones of WL.
Oh, and look what else I found. This is why I was looking for the other day.
I was looking for this. Was it yesterday? I was looking for it this week. Sometimes.
Okay. I think we got the, let me get that little bit.
That's right. Compression God here.
People love to hear them all. So the gravel.
That's right. Hey 75 degrees in the magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting life. Hold on a second.
Let me, let me stop out of over 75 degrees in the magic city. Hills and all the great songs.
Oh, you're already. You know, come on down with it. We're going to get down tonight. We're going
to get some great groove. It's the right time. I'll play. What the hell am I talking about?
God, bring back the bird. What do you say? Just for another few months. I'll go fetch him.
Prop him up in a cheer over there and we can just play the card.
In fact, if I were to thought of that at the time, 1257 and 560 WQA.
You know, nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease.
Yet we owe it to ourselves and our families to be sure we're in good health or at least as best we can.
It's a proof in fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if we catch it early.
I was in a place yesterday. It's called Hollywood Diagnostic Center. It's an amazing place.
They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, coronary heart scoring and full body
screening exams that can detect cancer and other life threatening diseases in their early stages.
A doctor's referral isn't even needed. And one of the great things when you come out of there,
especially if you have a really good result is peace of mind. I think it's priceless. You know,
I'm talking about peace of mind. You're thinking about peace of something else.
Peace of mind, man. You go through that thing. You just like an MRI. They stick you in that little
whatever that thing is where they take the X-rays. And in just a few minutes, say they take a
virtual trip right through your body from your throat all the way on down through. It's amazing.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center, here's the number 954-966-3600
for the test that can give you and your family that peace of mind I'm talking about.
And of course, if they do catch something, you can do it well ahead of time before it's too late.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you a state of the art imaging equipment with
open MRI, high speed CAT scans, nuclear medicine and much more. Do they call it high speed CT?
No. Cat. Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving the community for over 20 years.
Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
For example, if your mother, for example, broke her leg or something,
they can come right out there and they can check it out.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today. It's one of the most amazing
things you'll ever see in your life and well worth it. Believe you me, call 954-966-3600.
Could be one of the most important calls you ever make. 966-3600.
Tomorrow, let's have to do the Wind the World series this year.
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve. They got to swing them back, hit them out,
hit those strikes. Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
Who has almost half 50% feeling, 50% pension and 25% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
Why? Don't you be questioning me? Would you be ignorant?
Be what?
Ignit. Ignit, I said you'll be ignorant.
Well, no, I'm not ignorant.
Boy, I play pole pensioner baseball in a dark world cookie against men half my size.
Did you?
Well, actually, I played in that event.
Are you gonna run into the baddies event?
Can't even have an event.
Call me homie.
I'm the Crow out of gate G, in the middle.
It's a 105-60WQM.
Marlon's in the Expo's, maybe a two. We're just doing a pregame buildup here, okay?
Pregame it to officially, and again, time it to 230 and 5.
Which of these people offend you the most? That's our polequay.
I just, I'm a little bit slow today, because I have many other things on my mind,
like getting the hell out of here.
But, you know, the guy that does the whisper, he's doing like a real voice today.
Right?
I just don't really pay too much attention to any of them, to be honest with you.
As long as the money keeps on coming in,
pa pa pa pa, you just keep making sounds, okay?
Like, yeah, that sounds good.
We don't really care.
Anyway, 412 of you say religious phonetics, so I'll fend you the most.
55.5%.
Right-wingers 148.
Lots of slop over what those two groups.
Old Cubans 33.
Old Jews of God.
What is this story with it?
Man, oh man, oh man, oh man.
You don't even have enough room here for the crap.
That's another thing.
Oh, this is brutal.
Cigarette smokers 23, Liberals 22, Blacks 20, Hation drivers 14,
Illegal aliens 9, Atheist 8, Homeless Voiceless 100,
Somebody got 6, moving up the ladder rapidly.
Hey, Sean, they hate you, and so do I.
Sean Codone.
Golf phonetics 5, golf holes, sports nerds 4,
white people 3, fags 3, Madakonis,
fitness nuts 2, Jamaicans 2, and computer nerds as only one.
I guess the reason for that being is that everybody who's voting is doing on a computer.
But that doesn't mean that you're a computer nerd.
Not, right?
Who can't have a computer anymore?
Right, everybody there, brothers got a computer,
but very few of us thank goodness our computer nerds,
which I find most disturbing.
Or what's a computer nerd anyway?
Somebody used to be sitting in the chair where you're sitting right now.
Oh, that one up on the floor.
That was a computer nerd.
Yeah.
I mean, in fact, no, that was just a regular ordinary nerd.
Is what that was?
Talk about being offensive.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
At some for your poll.
What about you said hasten drivers?
What about just plain old drivers?
Uh, which is a Fendi the most?
Uh, I don't know if they were a Fendi.
Whatever.
Okay, old drivers.
Yeah.
I mean, we got old Jews, old Cubans,
and when they're driving, it's part of the ambiance that they're being offensive, right?
Right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
I don't think we really need any more things on the list.
I know you people like to really, I mean,
poll building is boring is what I'm here.
That's the word around town, right?
All building is boring.
So we don't want to be doing that.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I want to put out the people that I hate the most.
The people that you hate the most?
That bothers me the most.
Yes.
They're Cubans.
They're Cubans?
Yeah.
Why is that?
All Cubans.
What were you from, let me go?
I'm from Colombia.
Well, go back.
We don't want to hear your crap.
Go back and do some drugs.
Go back and say how do they,
Medellín Cartel?
How do you like these from Colombia?
Although there are some pretty fine looking people in Colombia.
I'll tell you that.
My, my, my.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
How about let's go to Bogota?
What do you say?
No.
Okay.
I bet you're back in the day.
That was a swing in fine place.
Don't you sure?
Had to be.
What about the Venezuela?
That big word of halfway.
Look at a lot of oil.
They got the oily bird.
Yeah.
They got Hugo Chavez.
And Cesar Chavez, huh?
Right.
You've been there.
I've been there.
I've been there for a very briefly.
Right.
I look like a lot of them.
Let me out of here.
Let me out here.
Not a good idea.
Not a good hat.
No, that's in Panama.
Five, six, seven, they all look like Cisero Merro.
They look like they were trying to emulate Cisero Merro.
They had on these really campy
forties and early fifties type suits.
You know, pinstripes suits.
It almost looked like I was in runway 84.
Have you ever eaten in runway 84?
No.
You haven't?
Have not.
Oh my goodness, man.
Is that a great restaurant?
Is it?
When a restaurant, they, uh,
Magnifico.
See, never been there.
Magnifico.
Multibanny.
They give you just enormous amounts of food.
But it's not, you know,
some places that give you a lot of food
is to make up for the quality.
Why am I doing a spot for them?
Because, uh, I don't know.
A good friend Derek has always eaten
over there to runway 84.
He's got some good pies on over that place.
And really, they give you too much food.
But, boy, is it a great place?
And you'll see some interesting
characters in that restaurant sitting around
talking about pinstripes suits and hats, you know.
You'll see some real interesting people in there.
5670560,
pound 560 on a AT&T.
I can't believe you've never been there.
You know where it is?
There are St. Rodi,
4-plus logo.
You've got to go there.
I'm going.
You're right now.
Okay.
Right now.
Bye.
You'll love it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have two that aren't even on your point.
Oh, God.
I'm.
Uh, stuff's shirt executives who think that they're all powerful
because they make a lot more money.
Mm-hmm.
And white trailer trash individuals that live off the government.
Trailer trash is good.
I like that.
You were starting out pretty slow,
but you redeemed yourself.
Trailer trash.
Trailer trash.
Huh?
That's all you have to put just trailer trash.
We don't need to embellish it with 50,000 other
descriptions like he was doing.
Thanks very much, pal.
Good job.
Trailer trash.
Man, oh man.
Thank God we ain't got no trailer trash down here.
Tell you that right now.
That really pours me off.
I think that Palm Beach County might find a few.
Like in Boyton Beach, huh?
Lantana.
Lake Worth.
Lake Worth got the old trailer trash.
Yeah.
I think they live in like in a double-wide.
They're everywhere.
Are they?
Sure.
I'll be damned.
Well, thank God for that.
Jerry Springer has an unlimited, uh,
amount of guests to be on.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
You tell us, pal.
Hey, you got smokers on there.
How about ex smokers that are always telling you how you should quit?
Why do you know what I did where I went wrong?
See, the first three days of the week, I had a closed list.
Okay.
See, I'm not looking for more names for the list.
The list is fine.
There are plenty of categories out there to be offended
until the cows come home.
Okay, you can be so offended you could just spit blood.
But this is something they can do.
Oh, as opposed to like have a conversation or say something.
I'm curious.
You're using something.
I see.
Well, do you sure catch on fast?
No.
Haha.
We could be 20 years.
How many years did it take me?
About 30, man.
And I still don't forget the big O is still out there until two.
He's still got almost another hour.
Took out and see the big O.
CKLW used to be the big eight.
Martin Music CKLW.
But we got the big QAM.
Quite frankly, I'd rather have the big eight.
But that's okay because he's a good guy.
Horrible on the ear.
He'll be there till two o'clock.
What?
Why do you laugh when I say that?
You don't listen to the sports segments on a station.
No.
So I'll take your word for it.
In fact, he was so ecstatic when the crow came back on the ear
because he said, oh, god.
At least finally something to make me look a little bit better.
I said, I don't count your pigeons too fast as the crow flies.
Anyway, the big O is going to be till two at McDonald's.
32, 47 Hollywood Boulevard.
Stop out of winsome of our very cheesy prizes.
And some tickets for upcoming Marlon Home games.
It's very pretty.
It's very low.
We'll go with the big O at McDonald's right out to two o'clock.
I'm not reading that thing.
He should know better McGail.
You're good buddy McGailito there.
He's a real smart.
He's under pressure too.
I know he's under enormous amount of pressure and stress.
But now that Doreen ain't chasing his ass around here all day.
You think he'd lighten up a little bit, you know?
Just a wee bit.
Ten minutes after one at just a bit.
Oh, god.
It's getting so bad.
You can't say a dang thing no more.
What?
You just can't.
I mean, everything you say, oh, did I mean, did I do something wrong there?
It was it, you know, talk about keeping everybody on,
like walking on eggshells right on the edge all the time.
Unless it's the sports shows which they just, you know,
they just blurred it out.
I noticed, you know, they just move right along.
You've heard about the big demand and high paid potential for computer professionals.
But if you ever wondered if this career might be right for you,
here's your chance to find out.
Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar on computers and networking.
Next Wednesday evening, April 21, both the Miami and Fort Lauderdale campuses will be doing it.
So that's right.
We're in basic PC troubleshooting and networking.
Absolutely free.
Seed him for this free computer seminar is limited.
So pick up the phone and call our good friends at Fast train at 866 Fast Train.
That's one 866 Fast Train.
All of 10 to eat to the free seminar.
We'll get a diagnostic tool free.
No charge.
So call Fast Train right now at 1 866 Fast Train to reserve your spot.
And if you do decide that a new high-paying career is in your future,
Fast Train really can't have you train.
Ready for that new job with big-pat paycheck that goes with it in just
four short months by the end of the summer.
You can be doing it.
So check them out on the web if you'd like at Fast Train.com
and then call and make your reservations for next Wednesday's seminar.
Call tool free 1 866 Fast Train.
What's this?
Mickey Mouse.
Oh Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No not.
I got there but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you why you must have misunderstood me.
No sir you said move the practice to Monday.
Hey hey listen but wipe on the boss.
I make the decisions you take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remaz.
Yeah well.
Shot the hell up.
Yes.
I'm on the phone Remaz.
Hi sir.
Yes sir what was your question?
I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson
called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah here you go.
Stop it Remaz.
I'm going to fall.
Stop fall.
The floor Remaz.
Remaz.
It's like this in my hand Remaz.
That's your penis balls.
My other hand Remaz.
Oh that's a foam ball.
Right I can't hear anything Remaz.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I think sir.
Sir the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time.
What?
And what?
It's time slot.
Christ are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
Yes sir.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Wait a minute.
Don't play Remaz.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And give that food bird away from me.
Oh come on.
I'm allergic.
Eyes are.
Sir over 25 million people.
Shut up Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff
that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff
to make him look like a real.
That's the puppet master.
Me.
Idiot.
Reveal.
Reveal.
Yes.
The devil.
What the hell are you doing now?
Fixing the floor, though.
It's nothing wrong with the floor remits.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear remits.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Reema.
Get off.
Get over to me.
Get off.
Isar.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
Too bad me can't play those Mickey Mouse things anymore, you know?
That's a shame.
There was so funny.
118 anyway, the Jew Lieberman thing
that I wanted to play.
See, he names it different things
on a one-his-sense.
You and sends me just to keep us off bad.
And now Mr. Wayne Gernstein,
campaign advisor for the Jew Lieberman presidential campaign.
And I just figured something out.
I'm fine to catch you down,
other it's almost time to leave today.
These are...
Color of Clarence's forehead was the same as the color of Duffs Eye this morning.
Think about it.
I did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
and I also forgot at the beginning of the show I should have put
that this is really cute.
The fact that we're sitting in the machine this morning.
Thanks, Brian.
The No Carb Diet for 2004.
No Cheney.
No Ashcroft.
No Rubensfeld.
No Bush.
The C-A-R-B.
No Cheney.
Ashcroft.
Rubensfeld.
Bush.
And that's literally no rice.
Excellent.
None outstanding.
Very good.
Nice going, Brian.
I'm sorry, I apologize for waiting so long.
Wait a minute, this story.
This one will send you off the edge.
I already told you this, but it's a sickening.
New York Post this morning.
A callous traffic agent ignored the pleas of a double parked
Brooklyn driver suffering a fatal heart attack
and wrote him $150 someones telling witnesses as she walked off.
Just tell him to pay his ticket.
The victim's family charged last night.
He was having a heart attack.
Still excuse me.
Just tell him to pay the
aching ticket, okay?
The stunning claim came as the outrage relatives of
honor for you of empty a Bensonhurst Taylor
filed a $100 million loss to the
female traffic enforcement agent, her co-worker and the city
were very hurt.
I can't even talk.
I'm so upset.
The victim is brother-in-law Antonio Lido willed.
Honour free was wife is dying right now.
She can't walk.
She can't talk.
She's un-tranquilized every hour.
She had a bar of some from rush.
The tragedy occurred just afternoon.
This past Saturday is of empty 61.
Waited for his wife Carmella, who was shopping at the Met
supermarket on 20th Avenue between 70 second and 73rd
streets in New York.
That's when the family says a traffic agent identified
as L. Hinkson walked up and without a word
started writing a empty a ticket for double parking.
He was angry about it.
He started to feel sick and you're playing that he wasn't
feeling well.
He told the agent she should call for an ambulance
at Avanti's heart six son, Vito 32.
Vito Cualeone.
The witnesses said she just walked away and told them
just Tom to pay his ticket.
What a bitch.
Is that incredible or what?
I'm very credible.
The ticket was written at 1207 PM and some of
the finally called 911 at 1216 when it was too late.
Family members said they claimed that if the
traffic agent had called for help immediately
a Vito might have survived, which needless to say
he did not.
Did he survive?
No.
No.
This was an outright disregard for human life said
family attorney Sanford Rubenstein.
Rubenstein.
Oi.
But deputy police commissioner Paul Brown said there was no
evidence the agents were aware of obvious
condition and the witnesses have disputed the
family's version of events.
A law enforcement source told the post-day
preliminary probe revealed someone has just
had lied and made them bella statements.
One of me even said.
Beto Mujanaki.
The source added that Avanti had refused to take
the ticket and suffered the attack
after Hinson drove away.
This was a cranky old man with major health problems.
The source said I think the message is
if you have a bad heart park legally.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, man.
If you have a bad heart park legally.
Don't break the law and you won't be
dying over there.
It sounds like they're all hard to me that the police
uh department.
Well, he won't do that again.
And he won't be doing that no more.
He can bet on that.
Cranky old man.
We know if you like that.
I'm listening.
He's okay now.
We've welcomed him back to the QM family
with open arms and legs.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
I don't know.
I just uh I don't care what anybody else thinks.
That's my take.
Okay.
I uh feel bad for him.
Peace is good.
Yeah.
Peace of...
Here.
Pie.
Oh, and I see if you're...
Oh boy, not...
Hey, you think that was you.
No, no.
I said peace of mind.
You said peace of hair.
I said hair first.
Holy moly.
You better check with the open clearance on that.
I think we...
We're done.
You're the one.
Finito, baby.
Finito.
We're finished.
We're out of here.
But I don't know any of that.
Holy cow.
Now if you were to start it right away with that.
It seemed like that.
He's supposed to just your right hand.
Stop being rude.
The alarm.
He snoozing man.
When he snooze, he lose guilty.
And by the way, most is all this for
given.
Please come back.
He won't slap you again the rest of this week.
Of course there's only one day left.
Starting next week, no guadaintees.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
Uh, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Is this Neil?
It sounds just exactly like me.
Hey, what's going on?
Neil, how are you doing?
Uh, Neil.
Uh, just a couple of...
statements I like to make about the state of this
country we're living at.
Yes.
It's pretty bad.
September 11th, obviously, in my opinion,
was used as a ploy to, uh,
I guess, uh,
instigate the Patriot Act and, uh,
remove our civil liberties.
Any of you in the racquetack?
Those are all of these things.
I'll have to say to the American people
my fellow citizens.
Please open your freaking eyes
and smell the coffee.
Smell it.
The guy who's in charge right now has no idea
what the hell he's doing.
He's doing it for personal gain.
He's just a stooge man.
He's just a stooly for these neo-continuonitics.
He's the purest form of evil of any present I've ever,
you know, dealt with.
Amen.
He is the ultimate evil doer.
So that's pretty much all I'd say.
Just open your eyes, America.
Please do not vote for this guy in 2004.
Thanks, Poundy.
Vote right off the man.
I'll see you there 20, 30 times.
All right, bye-bye.
Don't forget if you're going to vote once, vote.
Vote for the man.
Times.
Please.
Arrhenian diplomat shot dead in Baghdad,
but I thought everything was out of control there.
Oh, yeah.
And Arrhenian diplomat in Baghdad's been shot and killed.
Arrhenian embassy officials said today,
a day after Iran said the U.S. had requested Arrhenian help
to defuse Iraqi violence.
The embassy said the diplomat was Kalili Naimi,
first deputy of the Arrhenian embassy in Iraq.
And now he's dead.
They're dying over there like flies.
Like, it's just, uh,
it's insurmountable.
It's worth it.
Is that what you're saying?
No, I don't think, no, we're not even saying that anymore.
It is just so, and the thing about the WMD is just everybody keep that in mind.
That's why I read that story yesterday and I won a couple of months ago.
Just keep in mind that just maybe they're going to be trying to plant a few things
for that good old July, August, September, or more likely,
October, Surprise.
Surprise. Look what we just found.
Hey, it was worth it.
Of course, by that time, how many more thousand people might be dead?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Thousands of people are dead.
The Italian hostage that they took these crazy al-Qaeda lunatics.
He's dead.
They got that film on Al Jazeera there, where the show, which, uh,
hopefully nobody is going to show.
I can't even begin to imagine that anybody, even Al Jazeera didn't show that part.
Where they show them offing him a snuff film.
I don't know.
I'm sure it'll get around somehow.
Even Don Corleone speaking of Sicilians didn't show no snuff films in all Italian.
Didn't see what I'm saying.
Terrible.
Grotesque.
And why is that why did he die?
Why do we weep?
I give up because, uh, of the bush mice that were on it, because of this unnecessary,
all this crap going on over there, every single person,
unless it was going to be from old age, everybody else over there who's died in the last year
plus has died because of this insanity.
And because the media is going along with it, and because a lot of you idiots out there,
oh, he's doing the right thing, just like my good friend and colleague there.
Oh, right.
Stick to the golf mad dog.
Saw L president to be on a son and be a pretty good job.
You know, even a Republican thought it was embarrassing.
They were humiliated and degraded.
He didn't answer one single question.
And he kept talking the same crap about WMDs.
Every time, you know, when a heat, when, see, this is a man who's stubborn, obviously.
And so when a heat is on and things are going really, really badly,
all he wants to be on meat depressed made a total ass of himself on meat depressed.
A disaster.
So all of a sudden, because they're saying, well, he never holds a press conference.
He's never says a prime time press conference to try to steal the limelight.
And again, everybody's saying, oh, my gosh, keep him back at a broom closet.
Don't let him say a word.
Kind of like the Dan Quayle factor again all over.
Although at least, at least Dan Quayle, I mean, he looked a little bit goofy,
but at least Dan Quayle looked like maybe he had an idea how to cross the street.
This guy's got that deer in the headlights look all the time like, hey, what me worry, you know?
And again, we apologize to Alfred Yenuman.
26.
Hello.
Yes.
He wants to teet that from kind of Lisa.
With or without the gap?
With trademark.
27 past one at five sixty WQL.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
My friends, it's the only one mortgage from financial group that benefits are
incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit,
zero fee, and even zero discounted points.
If that new low interest rate is just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just three, 34 month.
If you have you a two hundred thousand dollar loan, your pages,
six sixty eight a month, then don't forget what's your refinance.
I get new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay closing costs to gain.
So call them today.
There's no obligation.
They'll be glad to spend a two in detail.
Call one eight six six three nine five land.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost to expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees,
even zero closing costs when you move to another property.
How do you like that?
Get the new low financing rate you've been searching for with the only one mortgage
from financial group.
And like I just said, only moments ago several times,
never pay those closing costs again.
Call them today.
One eight six six three nine five land.
That's one eight six six three nine five L.E.N.D.
The Renequal Housing Lender, restrictions apply, rates subject change monthly,
4.21 APR.
Lie in local.
We're sports radio five sixty.
You a you a yeah.
I get in and hold it.
And another thing.
You know, listen to me with a bit of extra.
I know.
Sorry.
That little bitch.
Quick voice.
How do you expect to get anywhere a little beauty?
Sorry.
We say you.
I think it's a driver's.
You come over.
That's a great way to hire.
I have got hot.
I'll ask you.
I'll ask you.
The more I hear you.
Yeah, what a party.
The more I hate you.
What do I say?
And when I'm being you.
I want to die.
You're a bakery.
No toenail cheese.
A romance.
Put me in a coma.
And going like that.
Why are you I oughta smack you.
Then I know.
I know my smell attracts you.
I know.
But unlike Zach, you still got such a.
I feel just like that you are my.
In front of.
And when you need to.
That's why you're still not.
I'm going to show him what you.
In a tumor.
Can't wait till it's over.
All right, that's enough.
Wow, look at this poll on CNN.
Unbelivable college undergraduates.
If the election were today, who would you vote for?
Carey 48% bush 38% other five and don't know 10.
Carey 48 bush 38.
Colleagues undergraduates.
How do you like that?
That's a good sign.
All right.
Now if we can just get them all registered and give them
to vote, huh?
Listen, I mean, just put that pot down for a couple of minutes.
OK.
And then call the kettle black.
Just zip it up a little bit.
You know, just rest that thing.
Arrogate out a little and save it for another day for tomorrow.
On election day.
That's right.
They can handle it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T.
That's that's what the campaign ought to be getting.
Everybody in their brother registered, especially.
Let's see young people, black people,
fag people, women, right?
Jews.
Absolutely.
All these up.
Hating kind and the self-hating fag kind too.
Log cabin Republicans, you can't vote this year.
We just decided.
In fact, on election day, we're going to clean the up.
We're going to give you a shower.
Which of these people offend you the most we asked?
Religious fanatics 459.
54.2% of this crowd are sick and tired of your crap.
OK.
Believe what you want.
Believe the rest of us.
A young.
We want to be left alone like Marlene Dietrich
or Greta Garber, whoever said that.
In addition, which you never said it.
See, it's kind of pointless figuring out who was it.
Was it May, West?
I want to be alone.
I think it was Greta Garber.
But she never said it.
She never said it.
And Jimmy Cacken, you never said you dirty rat.
Yeah.
And Carrie Grant never said,
you did, you did, you did.
Maybe maybe he did.
I don't know.
He said, I don't know.
Do you ever heard him say it?
Religious fanatics 462, right wingers 166.
He was good actor, Carrie Grant.
He was also well.
I don't want to say it.
Old women's 36, old Jews 34, cigarette smokers 26,
liberals 26, was it Danny K.
Rhymes with Faye.
Let's see, liberals 26, cigarette smokers 26, black swine three,
Haitian drivers 15, we're not too keen on a Haitian driving here.
Get some lessons, man.
Look what's moving up the list kind of nicely there.
What did I say, blacks, homeless voice 13.
Illegal aliens 12.
This thing with a mouse man, we got a mouse problem.
Yeah, well, oh, you know what it is?
It's snagged.
Much snagged, you old fishing line.
Man, it's bad.
My mouse was in deep trouble.
The homeless voice 13, illegal aliens 12,
atheist 8, golf fanatics 6, white people 5.
Can't stand them.
Sports nerds 5, fags 4, book Aronis.
Fitness nuts 3, trailer trash 3, age,
your makins 2 and computer nerds 1 out of 850.
We're moving right along here.
I mean, it's the beginning of the end for this town for another year.
I just, as long as I've been here,
it just I've never been able to figure this out.
How can anybody call this like a real place?
A world class city.
How can you do that?
When it's still just a horse and buggy fly by night place,
when as soon as Easter and Pace all her over, man,
everybody in their brother just can't,
they can't get out of here soon enough.
Amen.
They just can't get out soon enough.
What's your point?
There's something wrong here, man.
There's something that don't meet the eye.
Something really stinks.
The pelts stink.
Doesn't meet the pink eye.
By the way, he said it's picking up a little bit.
What?
He said he picked up a little bit.
This is probably a Westland.
Here's the fact that said,
and this is a pretty good idea.
I don't know if we can do it.
Let's put the look through the holes.
Uncle, he was saying,
Glory, how will you when he was looking?
Uncle, Neil, in reference to the,
don't start.
See where he was again, Gellie.
He's starting to get what it's filled from perversion.
He was trying to do a silent setup.
In reference to Neil's noises,
are you going to update that part of the website
and tell us soon about all your CDs throughout the years?
But it's good.
More fun to have that all available on your website.
Considering it's your website and not the radio stations,
why can't you put out the so-called band stuff?
Because we'd rather put it on CD and sell it for charity.
The seller.
Right.
He wants it for free, of course.
We can put out a double set.
Right.
And still, as opposed to spending hours uploading and uploading,
which it took hours to upload.
And that's not the message to all the space it would take on the website.
And all the bandwidth would be required to all the
bit of my down loading and all that stuff that you would have to pay for.
Would you care what you would have to pay for?
Because Eric never knew Eric had to do no matter how much I offered to pay for that stuff.
He doesn't respond because he likes being like my mother a professional victim.
He enjoys marghering him.
I mean, I appreciate him very much.
Eric, you're the best.
But you just enjoy, I keep offering.
What can I do?
How much is it?
Let me know.
You know, send him a check, a bad one, a good one, whatever.
He just, he will not take it.
So back to these guys that want something for free.
Yes.
Oh, did you hear that?
Oh, no.
I knew it.
That was a raspberry.
I'm sorry for the way.
Just give you a raspberry.
And some other assorted fruit.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Don't forget to big go.
He's almost done out there anyway.
At the place where they sell it.
Nice, these stuff.
All in boogers.
I don't care what you say.
You know what it is.
What I was like.
I will-
We got a potato guy.
I will agree with you.
Be on a shadow of a doubt.
That McDonald's his heads and shoulders above Burger King.
We've done it pull.
How many times you done that one?
About third, man.
Burger King is the absolute worst.
The thing is what it is.
He worst.
It is just-
When you have a piece of rubber.
In fact, the flat tire that Jeff had out here before,
I understand he already shifted off to Burger King.
For tomorrow's lunch.
Rubber.
Well, they won't serve it for another year.
And it's cooked through a conveyor belt.
Right.
I'm never crazy about things that are cooked in a conveyor belt.
Just like pizza hut makes their pizzas in a conveyor belt.
None of that would be a problem if they actually serve it to you
when it comes off of the conveyor belt.
No, I disagree.
I disagree.
It's rubbery.
Yeah.
Tasteless.
The onion rings are an insult.
In fact, I think maybe the onion world,
if there were such a thing now,
the stew had a classic and maybe an onion industry.
The worst excuse for an onion ring ever is at Burger King.
So I would agree to McDonald's as far-
at least it's edible.
When I'm an Amsterdam, I want to snack their late at night.
And I just, there's nothing.
I mean, the restaurants there are just horrendous.
I mean, 95% of them just blow the restaurant.
And so at any rate,
I'll go, what are McDonald's?
Right.
Get a couple of double cheeseburgers,
take them back to my hotel room,
throw away the buns,
or I'll sit right there and eat them.
Okay.
Multiple sort of the well-funded aridite that you are.
Well, what does that mean?
That we are shluppers.
And so we go to drive through restaurants.
Let me ask you something.
What about Wendy's?
Wendy's in the kitchen.
What about Wendy's?
That goes there.
Wendy's got juicy juicy.
Look what happened to poor Dave.
What's his name there from Wendy's?
What was his name?
Dave Thomas.
Right.
There's about 10 McDonald's for every Wendy's.
You can't always find one.
Oh, come on.
Cracker, please, man.
Holy, I'm lucky.
I got a Wendy's.
It's closer than anything.
So, Dr. McDonnell,
right out there by the sawgrass,
where we go, we'll probably be having dinner tonight with Paul and O'Ron.
But they aren't always available.
We'll be breaking potatoes together.
And McDonald's fries are better than Wendy's.
I don't eat fried.
I know.
But the rest of us do.
Now, how come Wendy's never had onion rings?
I don't know.
They got paid.
They didn't have any.
McDonald's don't have onion rings either, dude.
No, they don't.
It's just one of those things.
Okay.
Burger King dying.
Eddie, I've not done McDonald's.
Not when I'm here.
I mean, if I couldn't find it,
because you got a moment, I will say this.
People say I'm anti-American this night.
No, I'm just anti-bush, anti-discoveryman.
But the food,
now if you want to tie in food,
certainly, it is the best of 10 in food.
But all kinds of food, the variety,
there's no place like this country.
Anywhere that I've ever been.
Right.
Serious makes sense.
Right.
We've got somebody from everywhere.
There's good food in a lot of countries in Europe,
other than Netherlands.
There's good food in Germany.
There's excellent fabulous Italian food in Rome.
But you want a great steak?
You're not going to get it in Italy.
Ever.
We got the best variety.
Yeah.
The restaurants here are pretty damn good.
19 till 2 at 5, 16 WQM have you been putting off
that home improvement dream because you're terrified
that you're going to have a home improvement nightmare instead?
Well, here's the way to have some really pleasant dreams.
Design concept builders is the answer that you've been searching for.
Design concept builders has been one of the top home modelers in South Florida
since 1983 for the following reasons.
There are 100% customer satisfaction
with their no excuses policy.
They refuse to have any unhappy customers.
They offer quality work fair price
and design concept builders exclusive five-year labor war in T
so you can't beat it.
Like take the risk of a nightmare on that new addition,
kitchen, bathroom, windows, any other home project.
Call design concept builders.
Here's their number 954-718-6766.
Run the web you'll find them at designconceptbuilders.com.
Financing's available with no payments for six months.
With the proof credit, you can also get you a 10% discount
on all your modeling needs through the end of this month,
through the end of April, only with design concept builders.
So like I said, check them on that wicked worldwide web
at designconceptbuilders.com and then give them a call for an unbeatable job
every time called 954-718-6766.
I have no life.
146-14-02.
We got Marlon's baseball.
I must forgot about it.
Don't let me forget.
Don't forget.
Well, I got to do the break a little bit earlier than usual
because we got some fantastic music to take.
We ought to play that baseball thing.
You know what that what's the name of that thing?
The disc played by playing the radio?
Play by playing the radio.
I don't think it's a great.
I'll fight it during the next break or not.
In fact, I'll fight it right now.
I'm trying to organize everything there.
Look at the number two column.
Oh, great it is.
That look at that.
Very good.
Now I think it's on this one.
Play by play on Iranian.
I can say I'm pretty sure it's on this one.
No, I think it's on this one.
What's on one of these, isn't it?
It's on one of them.
My first baseball game.
It's a beautiful day for a ball game.
It's got to be on one of these.
Oh, please don't tell me.
It's on one.
There it is.
Well, how come there's no mark next to it?
Let me make a little mark it.
I got a sharpie in there.
Magic mark next to this one.
This is the only one that we play.
And the only one anybody wants to hear.
Play by play.
I saw it on a radio.
That would be great.
It's going to take us in the Marlin game.
Because it's the only way.
Huh?
It's the only way they're going to see it on the radio.
That's right.
You'll see it right here on QA.
I'm just looking to your speaker.
Use your imagination.
Pretend that Dave and Boring is actually animated.
And then if you can hang on long enough,
then the boots will come on to some of the game.
You'll get all excited.
And then we'll go back to Davey.
You go back into a coma.
Hopefully by the time Dave comes back on,
though, the Marlins will have about a 10 or 11 more lead.
You won't have to worry about such crap.
Right?
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a GAT and T.
And for Ryzen Wireless Live,
I'm so glad that I found this.
I'm taking this with me.
Because you'll never play it.
No.
No.
Why not?
Oh, come on.
That's not it.
No, it's not.
Oh.
It starts right off.
Probably because it's the wrong cut.
That sounds more like it to me.
Doesn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought it was going to be the out music, though.
I'm having the pressure.
It's the wrong cut.
No.
Oh, no.
No.
Oh.
concerns B is safe.
The
Oh!
The Daniel Swings and his long drive
It keeps him right here, boy.
Way back back back, back to the pool, man.
Give me a kiss.
This guy over the roof, bro.
Oh, right.
The men at the mic, they make it come loud.
Oh, what a catch.
There's a long long drive.
Turn it up loud, or the pick of shoes are coming in fine.
Oh, right.
And it's play by play on the radio.
Play by play on the radio.
Play by play.
Just the day and the day.
Play by play on the radio.
Play by play on the radio.
It is going.
It is going.
It is going.
It is going.
I hope that goes into the wood, man.
Now, I just went in there and took another repeat.
And Ray Perry was there.
We were a P inside by each and there in the...
Can I ask you one question?
I don't want to get tacky.
Now, we can't talk about it.
But why is it that the QAM T-Room smells so bad, you know?
It smells like in there.
But they...
So Ray said that if we have this ball game on, because none of these three games in San
Mon are being televised, that's going to bring a lot more people to baseball.
That's right.
And I said, well, how about if we broadcast 10 games today, that'll bring 10 times as
many people to baseball.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
Ah!
Don't lie.
All the hard work.
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't
I'm the first to live for you, with President Double S**t
You're all for the s**t
Oh, what I did to come both once more
Here
So, you're the one in your want this
Don't love the lips drumming stupidly
Don't love the lips drumming stupidly
Don't find this drunk and rich kid
Don't love the lips even
Don't love the lips even
Don't love the lips even
Please, President Double S**t
Yeah, don't care what it's all
You got a man by hook or cross
The Christmas road
No black dress you will die of a household feeler
We've got a great leader here
With President Double S**t
You can turn
You can turn
You can turn
Reals it is the f**k
Pretty explosive, huh?
You should probably play an idea
Oh, yeah?
The Neil Roger Show and 560
You got it?
The Miami Fort Lauderdale
By the loco
This is 560
The radio is all yours
The U.N.
The New Roger Show and 560
The U.N.
The Miami Fort Lauderdale
What's it up?
Zyzenet
Want to make a legal, right?
I'm listening
Okay
I'll play the illegal idea
Okay
I'm better done
I've told you that
30 times
Don't be doing it
Don't be messing up
Harlem's baseball
And San Juan Puerto Rico
Baby De Marlum's
Harlem's
Sika Halobot
Up your
Do's
Right?
Don't forget the Hebrew hammer after the ballgame
And then a bunch of stuff that nobody wants to hear
It's difficult for Eddie Kay to defend the ball
I'm sure it will run around
Do it like me
Oh!
Do it like me
Absolutely
Mmm
How are you?
I'm listening
Ha ha ha
