Oh
Our come down call you something about long-age states a girl school
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 p.m
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4 p.m. Mark it down
Well my god
Every
Move to morning. We love a yellow line
Sometimes
The
New
The
Right
Because I like the corporate be a ride
And that's why we have a yellow light
Catch, explain
The mean of what these like to
What these like to
Which is at his desk
With a set of low pens
And noodles go through
And then I'm there
What these like to
Have a yellow light
With a set of low pens
Something they can't survive
We have a yellow light
And something they can't survive
And oh to it
560 WAN
And we have two press conferences
This afternoon and two o'clock
We had quite a conference
There were clearance and muff this morning
And this Sunday
Which press conference
We're gonna be carrying on WD Joann
Of course there's gonna be the big press conference on Homeland Terrorism with Tom Bridget
And Robert Mueller
That's gonna be at two o'clock
And also the Panther press conference announcing that my keen is gonna be the GM
And Jacques Martin is gonna be the coach and that Gildi is gonna be the
Play my play voice
And so actually we're gonna be carrying the Panther press conference
The new one, I would hope
Right, the important one
I mean the other stuff we've heard all that crack before and we're still alive anyway
So let's just hope that if the world keeps spinning around and we don't have any attacks
At least they won't stop the hockey season if we should have one which is highly unlikely anyway
But anyway
Yeah, cast yournova man
I said him obviously evidently
Which is great, I'm really glad I'm delighted
Nothing, nothing, well a few things
At least connected with this business
Make me happier than knowing that I've set a real loser off
And that's what you are, Pauli
A real loser with a capital ale and a liar
Look at that though
First celebrity death
And I have no idea who this is
Richard Biggs
I forgot to look him up
He, well, he played Dr. Stephen Franklin on Babylon 5
Also about a lot of money
So proper days of our lives that Saturday what?
He's a black guy
It's really hard to tell, very light-complexed if he was black
He was 44 according to the actor's website
A posting on Babylon 5 message board by Jay Michael Strzinski
The sci-fi show creator said
The cause of death hasn't been determined but that paramedics we showed up suggested it was he been there
And an aneurysm or a massive stroke
Biggs had graduated at the University of Southern California School of Theatre
Gained his first major exposure as Dr. Marcus Hunter on the days of our lives
He was on the NBC show for five years
Also appeared on Lifetime's any day now, a strong medicine
Most recently he played Clayton Bordeaux on the CBS soap opera Guiding Light
Well that's interesting because I watch Guiding Light every now and then
Have been for about a hundred years I never saw him
So I guess it was no big deal
Babylon 5 fans and staff were shocked by his passing
Richard was a constant professional but more than that he was an honorable stand-up guy Strzinski wrote in his posting
He was quite simply a terrific guy
He survived by his wife Lori Gerber and two sons
Well I'll be danged okay?
We don't like seeing celebrity deaths, we don't like seeing anybody 44 die
Now I'm getting to our pull result from yesterday and you people ain't foolin nobody
First we want to apologize profusely
For the fact of it a little technical vids from 2.30 in the afternoon till 9.30 last night
Nobody could vote because we had the thing kind of like froze up
It's a technical thing which I don't even understand myself has to do with this space
And airspace and airheads and people like Eric but at any rate
I notified Eric last night and he said whoa like that just like that
And he thickest it so we had hundreds of people who couldn't vote on air
Abu Gharrayab
Okay just calm down
But then this morning now if you people think you're foolin anybody man you must be dreamin
The creepers, jeepers, creepers here come the creepers
And they started to dittle in with it with this vote in favor of Bush
Who you pe I got the real number anyway
So your your phony number doesn't affect us
Abu Gharrayab
Yeah
Our poll question yesterday what bothers you most about George W. Bush?
1468 votes we'd have broken 2000 easy if we wouldn't have the technical rich that was a bitch
And it kind of gives me a twitch
He's a moron 407 people say El Presidente is a moron
Now wait a minute what's Robert Mueller doing on there?
Only if our agencies work together
In the first?
I say I thought maybe they would like pull on a bait and switch
See if they would have heard the Panther press conference was on it too they might have moved theirs up
Don't you think?
They should because there's going to be such tremendous interest in that Panther press conference
Especially now that we already know who's being hired and who's being fired
And the gildies gonna be doing the game
And by the way gildie will be pleased to know that Mo is very very happy for you
Absolutely
Not
See once you turn on Mo man once you quit looking at his peace
At that point you're nothing but dead meat
And the way he's sucking up to the beast even on the ear now is just so embarrassing
It's humiliating and degrading just when you think Mo can't sink any lower
Anyway he's a moron I mean at George W. 407
He's just a face man for neoconics stream is 383
Those are very very tight
He's a dangerous religious fanatic 277
Nothing bothers me about George W. Bochys a great leader the real number
Forget what you see on there now that's a free job 177 which was 11.5%
He's a crook he stole the 2000 election 142
He's divisive and hate-mongering 57
So at an early 1500 votes 11.5% said nothing bothers them about W
And the other 89% are there about 88.5% said oh you've ate is what they said
Oh, anyway on the abedit curtain today we have Lola Falauna
Right this bite he bite out
No she's my age old well actually she's 90 my age
Lola Falauna is risen from a start away servant
A much higher and rewarding cause than her previous careers and entertainer
During the 70s she made millions as the queen of Las Vegas
But she's left that career for the noble task of serving the poor and faithless
Did you know that?
I had no idea
Well now you know see because out of sight out of mind
I'm poor and faithless
Miss Falana is an introspective poet a mesmerizing motivational speaker
A concertant civic activist and unfortunately a Catholic evangelist
Nobody's perfect
Born Lotha Elaine Falana Lotha on September 11th 1942
Which makes her 61 year-age
Right and Ken why don't take me so long to figure that out
You get to be 61 you can't relate to anybody who's under 50 so
Yeah we know cast on over you are so full of crap
Now I'm gonna I'm gonna de-louse that whole deal here in a few minutes
That whole business
You see we could come on here just make up any kind of crap we wanted
See that's not just my idea of how to do a broadcast just make up lies as you go along
In addition to which nice job and at 18 to 34 demo there Paulian
And last book would stern off the year the whole month of March and you went from a 72 to a 52
You dropped two full points in 18 to 34 persons that's pretty embarrassing to me and just a slight uptick
At men 2554 with stern off the year in March and if you think that you're gonna replace Howard Sternman
You're a dream in sweetheart you are a dream in I mean if Chief Channel would have had any brains what they would have done
Would have put the put Bob and Tom on a big one or six new to eat new for breakfast kept your ass on Zeta where you belong
Instead of this Luxentary crap which George I heard Luxentary this morning told me it's just exactly
It's a redneck advice show like low-key run and run
Oh
Oh God
Complete with the straight voice guy and the high voice funny guy and I hired the high voice guy like well
Yeah, I see right yeah anyway. This has got a whole thing on a ravine she had no money slept in a subway car
When she came to this country she got a job as a dancer at small's paradise seven street in a Harlem
She also shimmied for Dyna Washington's nightclub back before
Sammy Davis Jr. Spotted her moves one day and cast her as his lead dancer in a Broadway special
Golden boy boy now that for association with Davis who spent much of the year performing in Vegas led to loads becoming your Las Vegas fixture as well
Her first record my baby from Mercury Records in 65 she was the first singer legendary producer Lenny Wannaker produced when he came to Warner Brothers in 66
He cut her sterling condition of coconut grove and her sprightly cover of lead dorsis working on the coal mine
I never heard her version of thank God because we like lead or see who we speak of the Tommy Dorsey band you know I know badly that I've had to that
Yeah, I heard that story. Yeah, I heard that story too about the band leader look a broad story city to your brains your signature will be on the contract that's my family
K. It's not me anyway
Why I better get the first pole going here right away all right
Let's say I don't want to put too much pressure on Eric the first poles only in the first hour and then we'll get to the meat of the
Mattering well we've done both of these before but the first one I think is important because I don't know these are very important poles like I said
Don't you think oh yeah, no seriously they're very important strategic pole so that we really feel the lay of land even though there's only a few people still in South Florida right now
Third man we're in the dog days of summer already in still the spring
Here's poll number one how many news stories do you usually read on our website and by the way Paul if I want to read the phone book
If I want to read the white pages from cover to cover from our bark to a zebra I'll still have more people listen and then you ever will
Okay loser
Some of us remember the golden days of Zeta and I was long before you were on their pollutant with your a tight bull crap with your stolen material from everybody else
Very sad but at any rate and of course I was on Zeta I was 44 years old in 1987
Appealing to 18 year olds we were number one 18 to 24 18 to 34 you name it we were kicking ass
So this business that a 44 year old can't you know appeal to can't relate to an 18 year just an excuse for the fact that you got locked off as they didn't know you're on big trying to fill the gap that's all which you won't the vacuum liar
And by the way we still don't want to hire you and then that crap about how norm can't was called over there to get me on big well another just totally fabricated out of the air I have a contract with this company I'm perfectly ecstatic
And in addition to which you think the people over there gonna pay me the kind of money I'm making here see that's part of your problem Paul I work like about six days a year and making the seven figures you're over there sucking wind okay
Making up stories as you oh normal can't call it yeah you should live so long just trying to deflect the truth of the story that you had a whole bunch of people especially PD Lenny sucking around PD Lenny even called me here at Toronto
What do you call you an idiot no he called me here at Toronto and said oh yeah you really ought to go to bat for Paul he's a good guy and he really ought to be on it a morning about that
And this by the way was before Mohawar David it this was in the interim period when we had what's his name sunny foxes old sidekick there Ron
Ron St John Ron whatever hell's name it was his name or all the Hershey Harway see I'm trying to forget anyway here's the a poll the first one before we get to the really important one how many new stories you usually read on our website all of them several a few once in a while a few never read any or I only want to see the boobies
what
I will go right away wait wait wait wait there's another one here wait
I was there on oh no I will go right
I will go wrong
I will go wrong man I only want to see the boobies maybe garabha few or one how many new stories do you usually read on our website on our more famous Neo
Ranges dot com all of them several a few once in a while a few never read any or only want to see the boobies be honest about it now I'm sure you will
however much you can however much pain you can inflict on us we can handle it 10 13 at 5 60 WQM
room is some kind of TV man not just your regular TV it's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver
the picture is so superior to regular TV it's like comparing the latest DVD to doffs
that's the boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
boom is got the most HD TV anywhere is and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including satellite dish HD receiver and of course your remote
and boom is got over 30 channels of HD programming you can watch ASPN and high definition how do you like that you can reach right in there and pat him on the back say good job boy
that's three times more than you get better not say boy three times more than you get from cable they've got all your other
favorite channels to like HBO MTV even your local local channels to the of boom is got over 120 channels of great entertainment
waiting on you boom even as exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get at all from your
cable or satellite company so with whom you've got all the channels you have now plus all these awesome high definition
channels to enjoy as well call who today for a limited time offer that includes free installation no upfront cost no long term
commitment call toll free one eight six six eight four eight eighty six sixty six or visit them online at
VOM VOM VOM dot com but you better do it real quick because the offer ends May thirty for thirty first with sounds like Monday you got
just a few days to cash in on it call one eight six six eight four eight eighty six sixty six or visit them online at VOM dot com
video oh boy I want to do here like to talk to the same three call is about sports and sports and sports I even got
what's the whole area is how many things coach filter coach filter on the cocker head
I take that mode yeah I'm just now my own two-cell and I was a spot you're watching now you're the bomb
you can't hit me no ball you can't hit me no you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on the radio you're on
The pencil puzzle one and a couple following
The Doorm what are you boyfriend?
My soul moan
Back in the back, your monkey beam
No more
I ain't waiting smart on a show that's steaming
But the same way you have a good time
Why you waitin' on the unemployment line?
Why you have little man call me a bum?
I'll show you the fight, why you have stats?
You can't obey me!
Hey!
How?
How?
How?
Oh man, 1020 at 560
Every time you think he's reached the pinnacle
The top of the mountain he just shrunk you and just eclipses
Whatever came before that, you know?
He's just a crazy person, Vokobryan
92 votes, how many news stories do you usually meet on our website?
We gotta figure it out because we don't want to be workin' hours and hours
In at least 10-15 minutes every day
Putin' a whole bunch of stuff on there which we think maybe intelligent people might all know about
Stintin' our wheels baby
Anyway, 92 votes, several stories, 37 ads go to few 16
I only want to see the boobies 13
Once in a while a few 12
All of them 9, only 9 we'd all of them
But then again that would be an awful lot
And never read any, only 5
So you see that makes you feel a little more validated as human being right?
A little bit
Anyway, before we get to the other business at hand
Which there's so much
Ridge, terror threat tied to major events
Oh my god
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridgid said today new information indicates the threat of a terrorist attack
Possibly connected to high profile events such as the dedication of a new war monument
An economic summit and political conventions is a distinct possibility this summer
Look out now
I can confirm that we've seen for the past several weeks a continuous stream of reporting
That talks about the possibility of attacks on the U.S.E. said
But not unlike we've seen for the past several years
You following that?
No
Not unlike what we've seen for the past several years
See keep in mind that keeping everybody in a state of panic
Now that the president's numbers are dropping like a rock and things are going like a rock and going really bad
Keeping everybody on edge, keeping everybody on edge of their seat
Because this is the only thing he's got left where he, and even there he's just barely breaking 50%
Being a great leader on terrorism
He's the one that we need for afraid of terrorist attacks we have to have the Bushmeister
Appearing on a morning television news show and on several of them as a matter of fact
In advance of a news conference scheduled at 2 o'clock by Attorney General John Ascroft
And the FBI director Robert Mueller who makes the hell of a spaghetti
Rid set a potential terrorist on U.S.S. Orlits, our job obviously to try to identify who they are and apprehend them
Well, now you're getting it
U.S. counter-terrorism and law enforcement officials said today that new intelligence indicates that a group of terrorists already deployed inside the U.S. is preparing to launch a major attack this summer
You know if we dispense some of that $100 million we wasted on a wreck and all those lives we wasted
We may be have gotten those people by now, you know what?
He's the Ossami Yamama and Mulebola Omar and Alza Karwi in his missing leg
This information was described by a senior counter-terrorism official on condition of anonymity is extremely credible
And backed by an unusually high level of corroboration
But, Rid said there are no current plans to lift the national alert status from Kodiela where it currently stands
That's the middle-level alert on a five-step warning program higher than green and blue but lower than orange and red
You follow and get your call. Now what are the colorblind people do? Man, air got real problem. Uh-oh
At some of the high profile events you'd better believe there will be additional security where it's set on CMES at the early show
Now I love this. This is my favorite. In all of these stories it says the same thing
The intelligence does not include a time, place or method attack
But the most disturbing received by the government since the Al-Qaeda tax of 9-11 they've seen a counter-terrorism official said
So in other words they're not giving us a date, time and a place
And tell us how they're going to be dressed and you know what they're going to be wearing and all these things
They want a surprise, yeah
I see
So I just mentioned the fact that at 2 o'clock they're going to be having a press conference to scare the crap out of the public again
Everybody on the edge of their seat just in time because they know that very soon
People are going to be taken off because we got the Long Memorial holiday holiday weekend coming up
And then you got weeks and weeks of summertime vacations and people like, yeah they're off live and their life
So right now is the time to grab them right by the ass, you know, by the seat of their pants and say, oh you better be on edge now
Which is the only thing that they got to go on basically keeping people scared
Oh here's a fact, Chick from Plantation is that a guy named Chick or a Chick? Well whatever it does
Paul claims he never listens to you meaning the loser cast an oval
But he continued to say where you live and that you frequent Amsterdam if he never listens how does he know this info?
Oh maybe a little birdie told him I don't know
I frequent Amsterdam wow I'm pretty embarrassed about that God Almighty
And that I live in Plantation acres and sometimes here in Toronto and over to hell I feel like
What does that got to do with a price of peanuts and I never met you with the sawgrass you made that story up
You were a freaking liar as always so why should it surprise us that yesterday after just mentioning
Nothing that was in a newspaper about them he just goes off the deep end today and ripping and Terry and just every
I got my own spy report from Miguel everything that he was talking about was made up fabricated a lie
Which I guess at least if not being good be consistent you know rip off everybody else's material
Which have been doing for years and years
Make up stories about how I was trying to get your job the job over there when they took stern off there
Which is a total fabrication
I wouldn't work mornings again in a million years as clear channel gonna hire me would I ever work for them
So what are we talking about here?
There was no chance of that again trying to turn it around and deflect it when everybody inside QAM knows for a fact
And then I guess he said that screw and when it called him up and begged him to come to QAM because Mo has his bad numbers
Now I can't speak for a screw and know what I want to speak for that skanky bitch but I doubt that very seriously
Yeah maybe the begging part because we had the spy report well I don't know what you was begging for but that's not unusual
Roy but we had reports from Duff someone who was credible then muff Lindsay and from a PD Lenny and everybody else we were in and we were in on the action man
Oh please put in a good word for Paul he's a good guy that's what the PD Lenny was begging me of course now PD Lenny is up there at a 50 with all the other losers
With Bob Eisenberg and our good friend Tom Dennerberg we like Tom Dennerberg a lot
Oh he's a good little funny guy kind of a young huh?
Got a little love machine little guy yeah in fact I'm looking for that I don't know what the hell it's under
That's the kind of bird ditty no no it's this oh he's a little guy I can't wait to find a look at him
Yeah Tom Dennerberg now he's alright good man well little man but at any rate so anyway that's the deal with PD Lenny
He's up there after another BS artist if there ever was one fact him and Todd Dreck and look at his sarner maybe the three of them could alope
We'll meet them in the province town we can have like a three way so anyway cast him over we'll find out in the second pool
Because it seems to me that we took a pool a little wild back many many weeks ago after Stern went off the air what people are going to be listening to in the morning now
And they did very poorly Paul and old Ron now that they're on big though of course they think that well we got our we inherited the Howard Sir Nodgins
You should live so long sweetheart you should live so long you're in a dream world you're fantasizing
And I can't think of anybody else who ever worked for Chief Chandler wandered out of their worst then Paul Castan open it comes on here just lies and lie
And I guess that's the way it is when nobody else wants his sweetheart 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQM
Hey if your hair is like falling out in clumps if you got that big bowling ball a ball spot on the top of your head you don't want to look silly
And everybody in their brother now is trying to say is some kind of hair replacement either pills or some kind of a song in advance
Charles Alphair is the only guy you want to entrust your head to because for more than 35 years Charlie's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America today show CBS Morning News
We're repeatedly over and over again all across the land everybody knows that he's the best in the business with his amazing patented natural
Herline system it looks like real hair growing out of your head because the hairline is where you can see the difference is opposed to a bunch of straw
Or maybe a barnyard animal that landed from the sky right on top of your head and you got nothing loose but your ugly balls spot because Charlie's Guarantee is this
You try his natural hairline system for 30 days
I'm talking about a month to me and after that time if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if
Cashew Nova is not grabbing your ass 24 seven then Charlie will give you full refund no questions asked
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim
So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life for every private can look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
Forget about the pills and the potions of the BS call toll free 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413 or check him out of the web at Charles Salfieri dot com
But it sounds like to me desperately jealous and really pissed off that we wouldn't fire him at a higher-med Q-A-M
Right right well he said that you were jealous because they got the job over there and you didn't
Wrong wrong lie let me just tell you one thing if you enjoyed that show listen to it but just remember
I just you know flipping around the station just no 10 o'clock and I just flipped you on and I said I got to give this guy a try his first time I better
Really well thanks for the publicity we appreciate it Paul and you'll run thanks a lot pal no no no no and have a great time five six seven
Yeah give us all the publicity in fact talk about us for four hours every day Paul and all Ron be sure I mentioned five 60 on a A M band
Because we got a few of them crappy billboards that don't say much of anything but other than that we get nothing and nobody in the right mind listens to
A M because it's a bunch of scratchy crappy old the fun for radio man from the Stone Age sounds like an innocent cylinder like that
So thanks a lot old Ron and whatever your name is man there no Ron and you Ron I'll say that an Edison cylinder WQM hello he was ankless Amanda
I'll be right here Hey I knew yes sir and I'm answering a question that new sound thing you have with the guy sounds like he's getting slapped
Yeah there you go is that you enjoy something fun on the weekend yes yeah and a poll and yeah WQM hello
Oh that was that was definitely Paul until this day I always thought it was a tatalia until this day but now I know it's
Casting over after all the chamburger you know that I had no idea oh yeah WQM hello yeah Neil that
Last bit was was incredibly funny I don't know where you got that Eric I don't man it was that was my pocket exactly what I thought it was right and you can have a thing online
Did you catch the latest of the president's a great fifth where he said exemplar really yesterday oh no
Oh no when he described the job Rick Sanchez had done in the lab
Abugar rib Abugar rib Abugar rib you've got to find that man we love the stories on the website keep them on
Thanks a lot Paulie have a great day now what were you saying you can hear the audio on our website no one his website
Who Eric I'll yeah just do a search for that FCC song and Abugar rib okay oh it's called the FCC song yeah because I put it under F in my DC
Other than that way I'll find it a lot faster well I could play that several more times before the day is out
Well we can't what do you mean by that no we're not we're not taking that all because of the language but because of the political nature of the
Oh I see well that could change I got into you must be psychic because I got that story about democracy in the West
King by its fingernails I'll say that for after the break people who didn't see the CBS TV news last night in the middle of your dinner
I guarantee you to got on your hands and ease and puke your guts out in the middle of the dinner hour
taxpayers footing oral safety bill I'm gonna do this one I know I'm reading again and we know his
Dan's stories out of the newspaper Paul gets you really upset that's why I'm doing it
Not that we want to educate the public or pass long information that they may miss down on we just do it to piss you off Paul
And by the way the rumor that I heard before the show today
Well we heard several rumors but at any rate the biggest one of all is that there are people monitoring that show you know
People are used to monitoring big 106 and if castin over and Ron should like fart and smells the wrong flavor
Bye bye
We're sports radio devices
UAM
For most of his life Michael Jackson has been sexually molesting a 13 year old boy
Tonight Michael Jackson speaks out for the first time about his arrest his accuser and the charges that have for the moment made his life a
Shampels you molested this boy
Absolutely yes
Absolutely
How would you characterize your relationship with this boy
Is totally for sex and Jackson says there was more this is one of many
Thousands of children but have power over children in a moment Michael Jackson tells us why he still believes it's appropriate to have children sleep in his bed
Do you still think that it's acceptable to share your bed with children if you're gonna be a pedophile
Sure of course why not more of Michael Jackson's story I have a sick mind yet when we return
1044 clock his ticket baby don't forget to a clock. We got that big Panther press conference
My keen in the GM Jacques Martin which I know the certain people mispronouncing his name on the air this morning
I don't want to mention no names Jacques Martin former coach of the Ottawa Senators
He'll be the new coach of the Panthers. He's their 85th coach in the last six months and
Gellie Gelstein's gonna be on named as the radio broadcast
For the Florida for your pantheros anybody care at all no
But we'll be carrying that we certainly will not be carrying that terrorism thing so although they're both kind of scary
241 votes how many news stories usually read on our website near rogers.com. We're just just checking it out when it doubt
Several 89 that's pretty good sign 89 right right we'll take it a few 40
I only want to see the boobies 40 once in a while a few 36 all of them 22
20 all of them just changed again 24 and never any of never read any 15 about 6% out of 253 vote
This poll is only gonna be up there to 11 so you better hop on it right now
And if you want to make yourself heard if you want to get right in on it if you want to creep it creep it squeeze it
Whatever you want to do we don't quite frankly care
taxpayer is footing the oil safety bill you see that that's the thing with it if you go unlike free republic.com
Which is a real extraordinarily paranoid right wing website and you see oh freak this poll on CNN and freak this poll
I miss me and and these people this is what they do this is their life, you know, this is I have no life right
Yeah, as if somehow by like
By twisting the result of a poll somewhere they're gonna influence the election world events public opinion all these
party things, you know it's insanity it's madness and
But I've been trying to tell you people for a very long time
Which is why air America will never make it and I've heard of that before they went on here is that the people on the far right
This is a religion to them. I mean they got their other religion most of them were there a fanatical Jesus crap
But most of them are like obsessed with this right wing politics
the anti abortion the anti-homo the you name it the old traditional little bit of crap that we've been going on for about the last
How many years now?
Third man at least
Simult tired crap
So that's why they feel that if they're on a mission
That's why they have to freak these polls and all get on they were like to start the results
So yeah, as if that's somehow now it's one thing when they do that something when they fix the election and I do want to say this also
I
Told George this before to show and I really believe this that this crowd that we have in there right now if they were willing to steal the election in
2000 which obviously everybody knows they did yeah
There is there is nothing that they won't resort to this is the scary part of these next five months and surviving them
I don't think there's anything that they wouldn't resort to to stay in power
They I mean Britain came along and messed up there up you know party for eight years and they tried desperately to get him
A toss that office with all the impeachment of blue or blue dress stain crap, you know and that didn't work
So they had a steal election 2000 to get back in so they could like you know make their vision of the world all these
Neocons into where we are
And of course some of the rest of them taking us down the road to Armageddon and
Don't forget all you israel apologies stuff there
That's the only thing that they care about armageddon man. They couldn't give a crap about the Jews about
Ariel Sharon about Ariel and tennis on your TV. They don't give a crap about any of that
It's all about Armageddon man
Anyway
It's no secret that when it comes to the mounting cost of security for all high-risk terrorist targets like nuclear power plants and railroads
There simply isn't enough money a home line security cash to go around
But as CBS news correspondent meek Abrasinski reported it was on the news last night with Dan rather
precious taxpayer dollars are quietly going to pay for security at some of the richest corporations in the world
Oh my god major oil companies have received $65 million to buy cameras fencing and
Communications equipment that makes no sense to me at all says Bill Miller president of the American public transportation association
Miller asked why these profitable private companies are receiving scarce taxpayer dollars
While publicly funded and in these like the transit system of Americans writing 32 million times a day are left underfunded and under protected
That sounds like a rational question a reasonable question to meet on it
No, Connie
Clearly public transit is being shortchanged and security is not as strong as it could be says Miller
We don't have unlimited resources Danielle Bryan the executive director of project on government oversight
Bryan cites the Bush administration's close ties with the oil industry and points out that these companies could well afford to pay for their own security
Please please don't forget that oil pipeline through Afghanistan and Turkmenistan
That was what the whole Taliban thing was all about that's what Colin Powell in May of 2001
Three years ago handed over that $43 million to the Taliban at any rate. I just mentioned that in passing
OIL MO any why didn't I tell you did I said that all long before this is a rack attack?
That's what it was all about then and that's what it's all about now of course now
We got to like try to extricate ourselves and save face
Ryan says they're taking absolute advantage of the situation and the government is letting them get away with it
Case in point
Sitko made a $439 million profit but took a 19.4 million in government grants
Connico Phillips earned 4.7 billion dollars in profits
But it received nearly 10.8 million of your taxpayer dollars
Chevron, Texaco, netted a whopping 7.2 billion dollar profit that Chevron, Conda, Liza
But several of its facilities still got over 7.3 million dollars in government handouts all of these companies
We few CBS's of equestrian interview instead. We were sent to an industry representative John Felme
He says everyone not just their oil companies benefits from increased security
When told that the money is going to oil companies when it could be going to
Target that can't afford to protect themselves
Felme said you'll have to speak to the Department of Homeland Security that ain't my department
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge points out that the oil companies will to get a fraction of homeland security funds
But he acknowledged the need for more shared responsibility
Do these companies need the money?
Brazinski asked Ridge they need to step up in my judgment with their own money said Ridge
Brazinski said you think maybe some of these companies are caching in on a great opportunity here
Ridge says well as long as the funds are available for the private sector they will apply
And some have applied yet again because more government funds will be available by the end of this summer
While they're raping you with the gas pump they're raping you with the attacks of trough is what they're doing
So if that doesn't piss you off nothing ever will you know just like that
Wow
Yeah, how come cast it over's got his head so far a percent just as asked I wonder what that's all about
I remember that when we sent him off the MSNBC for a few days
Before he came back with his tail between his legs and they put him on without awful embarrassing talk show on NBC6
Oh, we wish you all the best and you're the greatest yeah right you an idiot Rick and by the way alien still ain't answer in the phone
How many news stories do you usually read on our website man? Oh man? Thanks for the publicity casted over believe me we can use it we needed
I thought we had an eight-sharing man in last book didn't we right yeah, uh eight-footed yeah, I'll tell you what he had a five-two
And that was with no sternon in March okay
So if you think you're gonna go in here and pull a number like stern was doing on big one oh six even close
Your dream in sweetheart and then again you're too old to be related to like living and breathing people
He's 44 going on 90 I guess
And like I said yesterday if you're so old and you can't relate to the younger audience
How come you're stealing my material a dotting old fool like me who's washed up and over the hill huh? Why is that poly
How many news stories do you usually read on our website is the poll question our first to this hour
301 votes several one-thirteen
I only want to see the boobies fifty two. That's moving to the second place fifty two
Once in a while a few forty six a few forty five all of them twenty six and never read any
19 6.3 percent they're gonna show us a thing or two
They never read any now here comes something. I don't want you to get nervous. Oh my god
I don't want the audience to go into a panic
This is a pretty good and scary column by Chris Rothorn who's an American journalist based in Japan
Okay, it was on smirking chimpanzee. It was on our website
It says if George W. Bush is reelected in 2004 the fate of American democracy will be held in the hands of al-Qaeda and like mine to terrorist the world over
Is this ranked paranoia or is it a logical conclusion based on careful observation of recent events before you decide
Please try this little thought exercise
Imagine for one moment what's becoming an increasingly likely scenario in the US another large-scale terrorist attack somewhere in American soil
This might be a dirty bomb in New York City a bio-terror attack in Washington or a thermonuclear device in either of these two cities
What would the Bush administration do in the face of such an attack?
First the Bush administration would ram the Patriot 2 act through Congress
This in and of itself would basically spell the end of American democracy
The Patriot Act 2 contains all the provisions necessary to turn America from a relatively free democracy in a way
Soviet style totalitarian state
Most importantly it would allow the government to prepare anyone
It wished to be an enemy combatant and strip them of their rights as a citizen
It also contains provisions that would effectively repeal the fourth amendment the freedom from unreasonable searches
And the fifth amendment to write to a grand jury and the freedom from testifying against oneself
But passing the Patriot Act 2 would only be the start
faced with another large-scale terror attack on American soil the administration would almost certainly declare martial law
Suspender significantly curtailed the freedom of the press and authorized the military to act as domestic policeman
The Bush administration has already floated the idea of authorizing the military to act as domestic policeman
See the New York Times article misusing the military July 24, 2002
Finally the administration would quite likely suspend elections for some period of time using the excuse that an election
Cannot be held during the time of crisis
All of these measures would ostensibly be to keep the peace in the country and prevent further attacks
But they would also nicely serve to cement the ruling parties grip on power perhaps once and for all
Certainly all of this sounds like the wildest fantasy, but consider how the US reacted to the attacks of 9-11
Consider in particular how the Bush administration manipulated the tragedy for its own cynical ends
What is most important is not what the Bush administration didn't response the attacks of 9-11
But what they learned from the attacks in their aftermath? What if they learned they've learned that the country will indeed allow them to
Explore the terrorists attack for their own ends
They've learned that the country will not blame them for loving it to happen
They've learned that they will rally around the present
Even if that very present lot of the tax to happen to it was own negligence
In short, there is every reason to think that the Bush administration's experience of 9-11 will have emboldened them to explore any future terrorist attack
And even more cynical and ruthless fashion
It's not too much to say that democracy is clinging by its fingernails in the US
It would take very little to push it over the edge and replace it with a system that can only be realistically called fascism
The Bush administration is both ready and willing to make this change. They're merely waiting for the opportunity
They're well aware that this opportunity would come in the form of another large scale terror attack on American soil
And given what we know of America's poorest borders the ruthlessness of groups like al-Qaeda and the administration's own disastrous record of preventing terrorist attacks
Can we even remotely sure that an exception attack will outcome sometime in the next four years?
Most experts on terrorism agree that such an attack is not a matter of if but when
If such an attack were to occur and out of what only thousands of Americans die, but American democracy would die with it
That is if the Bush administration was at the helm on the attack occurred
Thus we must do all that we can to ensure that George W. Bush is not reelected present in 2004
While George W. Bush is an office American democracy is in a position of great peril and could literally vanish in an instant
This means voting for the only candidate who's got any real chance at defeating him in the 2004 presidential election
Senator John Kerry Massachusetts with John Kerry in office
We can be sure that the Constitution will be protected more importantly
We can be sure that the great American experiment in democracy will not be held captive to whims of nihilistic terrorists
Who are like nothing more than the CD West go the way of Nazi Germany and Mussolini's Italy
I just mention it. I mean, you know some people think oh boy. That's pretty extreme
I don't think so. No very reasonable line. And what have I been saying about well? We might not have no more elections. Oh you so funny
I'm glad that
I
Anyway, how's the we're getting to the end of this first poll here today and then we'll get into the second one about your radio listening now
And we'll see just what's going on
I might turn out that everybody in their brothers tuned into Paul and run Ron because they're
Jones and for Stern and he ain't coming back to South Florida
In fact, he may be going to a satellite radio. I got another article on that today man cow stern and who's the other one?
Ope in Anthony. I'm sure I'm and so be glad to hear that
355 votes on the first poll how many news story do you usually read on neo-roger's.com on a world-flaming website
several 124
I only want to see the boobies 62 a few 52 a few boobies once in a while a few 50 all of them
27 all of those stories wow
27 never read any 20 5.9 percent then ain't too bad, you know
We'll take it makes you feel like a fulfilled a
Little teeny tiny bit 1056 at 560 WG and spring of savings right now and save a ton of cash on a great
new car truck from armstrong Toyota of homestead
They're on us one just 20 minutes south of the 836 and it's worth a drive down here because you're going to save thousands and zillions on great new
Dependable Toyota's check out the great least deals. They have waiting for you right as I speak and oh four camera
You're for what are just 269 a month for 48 months how about an oh four highlander just 309 a month leave a truck
How about an oh four to it a ton of the safest truck in the USA just 179 a month for 48 months
These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at armstrong Toyota homestead
Where they want to make you a happy camper in fact their service departments even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service
Work done for you too easy to find them there on the corner of a us one and two ninety third street in homestead
Just 20 minutes south of the 836 and right now to make it an offer you really shouldn't refuse
They offer free tires batteries and replacement parts for a life of your vehicle
That's right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else. No wearers be doing that
So forget about those big mega dealers and car giants who scream and shout and jump up and down and lie through their teeth like their
Castronova call our good buddy David Rich the GM at armstrong Toyota homestead at 305
2 4 2 3 2 4 7 for an honest and goodness unbeatable deal at 305
2 4 2 30 2 4 7
Drive a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota at armstrong Toyota of homestead
Hey
走了
Yes
We're going to see your dead.
Don't you ever stand?
You guys?
Yes, we did.
Yes, we're going to see your dead.
There.
He was noticed me and legs.
He was just a 60-watt real old.
And like a show, now he's dead.
Ow.
11.0.2.5.60.
WQM got the mad dog Jim Managing too.
We got the hopper, the Hebrew hammer,
Hank Goldberg, 4 to 6.35.
Marlins on decades, 6.35.
Marlins at the Reds try to make up for last night's loss.
7, 10 tonight, 80 camp to the baseball game.
That's our agenda.
Don't forget, join QM for a Marlins watch party.
Starting at 6 o'clock tonight.
Does that mean you get a free watch?
It would be nice, but no.
Free Rolex?
Watch this.
Tonight at the Pines Aile House, at 117.95 Pines Boulevard,
stop by to win prizes.
Marlins tickets from Billy to Marlins and the Mermaid.
Popsicles and icicles.
That was a big hit by the mermaids, right?
If you played that.
If you played the Marlins at the Reds night,
you know him for that?
No.
Popsicles, icicles.
Oh.
Denny, denny, denny.
These are reviewing.
Anyway, catch the Marlins at the Reds night
to Pines Aile House, 6 o'clock, be there or not.
As the case may be, here's the fact that it says,
did you hear the interview with W.
where he said he presented being labeled as intarded?
No, but I heard where he said.
Abu Garraib.
I heard that.
Oh, geez.
This is a scary, okay?
But keep in mind, we have those mug,
mug, those redneck states.
And of course, we are in Florida
where we do have a lot of infiltrators
from Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana
and the places like that.
And of course, Tennessee.
In Tennessee, I'm sure they say it.
Abu Garraib, right.
Yeah, all the time.
All the time.
Anyway, 300 and the first pull is over, okay?
Just an hour.
Just informational for our purpose.
Nothing sexy about it, even the boobies.
Although Lola Flan is on her,
I'll be behind the B.C.
I'm not sure if you're over 90 in the John S.
Carlton, see your hands above the desk.
280 votes.
How many bedtime stories usually read on our website?
Several 132.
That makes me feel like we're doing it, man.
Several.
I only want to see the boobies 69.
Well, that's good to 69.
A few 62.
Once in a while, I read a few 61.
All of them 31.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
About 30, man.
8% of the audience reads all of those.
So we better start putting a whole bunch more on there, Eric.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, right?
Not good, let's say.
Yeah, about 50.
60, 100.
I'm up to it if he is, you think he's up to it?
No.
Well, if he'd like, Josh, do them.
Yeah.
And never read any 25.
That's only 6.5%.
So that means 93.5% are reading like a one or a couple or, you know, what they scroll
through and see if there's anything of interest, right?
Sure.
Okay, here's the pull for this hour.
A lot's taken call for SWQA and hello.
Reading hard, Frank.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Uh, now I know the panthers are in the news today, but I should have to answer your question.
We loved up panther.
By the way, Tampa Bay really sucked last night.
They played a 10-game.
They were keeping mud.
Calgary, they shut them down, man.
They never had any offense at all.
They could never get going.
Calgary just had them like clamped down tight.
Anyway, you know how it is in the playoffs.
You get beat up by, I think the players beat them up for seven games.
Yeah.
And it's sure to show it in game one.
But you know, you're right.
That's a good point.
The flyers series took a lot out of them.
And of course, we've seen that Tampa can play a crappy game one day and then come right back
the next game and play like champion.
So we'll hope that best.
Okay.
Now let's, let me, you know, I want to, I want to see if you could dispute a rumor.
Is it true that McLean Doug McLean up there fired their broadcast crew and he wants Rimmer to
come up there?
I don't really know that.
I heard that before the show this morning, not from Rimmer himself.
But I mean, I just talked to him.
I was in town last week and I, I don't know, he hasn't said anything to me.
So everywhere is going, where did you hear that?
Well, I read, I read the article on the Columbus Dispatch.
Oh, that's where that came from.
So, so you might want to check in to that.
Okay, let's talk about the pants for a couple of seconds.
That's what I wanted to do.
Yes, sure.
All right.
If you look, if you look at all 16 teams that went to the playoffs this season, each team, and they,
well, there's no exceptions, but the exception would be a couple teams have two former Panthers on it.
That's, that's number one.
That Red Wanderer's playing like crazy man for Calgary.
I'll tell you that.
Well, they all play better when they leave here.
That's not a coincidence.
That's not true.
Now, how can you go through, how can you go through so many coaches and so many general managers before you have to get it right?
And I'm thinking now, although I'm not, Dudley, Dudley was good bringing him to the kids because he brought in the kids in Tampa, but he didn't finish his job there.
So maybe Kevon will finish his job here.
What do you think?
What do you mean he didn't bring an Andrew Chuck in Tampa?
He didn't bring in Freddie Mojita in Tampa?
What?
He didn't bring in young veteran, huh?
No, he did, but, but uh, I don't know.
See, I want to tell you, the newspapers here are Ripon, Alan Cohen, and Aslan.
I noticed that even the South Florida newspapers rip him and Aslan deservedly.
So, he hasn't got any clue what he's doing.
He was no more qualified to win a hockey organization than my little men pin rest in peace.
And it's, and it's showing, you know, and the people are paying a wicked price for it.
I mean, and not only that, they keep making the same mistake.
They signed Kevon for two more years than they fired him. They had to keep paying him.
They signed Dudley.
They extended his contract.
Now they fired him and they got to keep paying, which is why they offered Dudley another job in the organization because he's on the payroll anyway, okay?
Exactly.
But Neil, John Clark can.
I mean, he was a goalie away from winning the Stanley Cup in the ninth inning.
So, I mean, you know, Blackboard Pan, let me say, Jack Martin reminds me of Roger Nielsen.
In other words, he's okay for maybe get a team that's a little bit on a week's side into the playoffs.
But in the playoffs, he just say he's too defensive minded. I don't like his fellow hockey. I can't stand it.
Okay, and one last question.
And close and please, because we're losing the audience around him.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
You're a player now.
That's obviously a choice.
None.
I don't listen to the radio before 10AM.
I hear like a little bit of Mo and a little bit of
I hear like a little bit of Mo and a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of Mo and a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
I hear like a little bit of a gildy this morning.
Paul, what can't I mean see I guess here's a guy that don't care about credibility because he doesn't have any.
He just makes up lies as he goes along.
Lexan Terry, which George said he heard this morning and really blows.
WMIV, which is the Baker Boys, that's V-A-K-A, Baker Boys.
Y100, Fuddy, he's an idiot.
Mohawar David, and there's the man.
Absolutely.
He's my main man, Mohawar David, and Joe Rose.
Albe Silk, that's Power 96.
W-E-D-R, Rick Party.
Well, I'm sure that must be his real name when you think Rick.
Party.
And Sally Orgius on Midday's on EDR is pretty good too.
The coast, those two girls, those are the, I have no idea who they are. Have you ever heard them?
No.
Those two girls are the girls on coast in the morning.
W-R-M-F.
I mean, I don't know what the M-F stands for.
W-R-M-F, which is in Palm Beach County, but I happen to think is a pretty dang good station.
Relatively speaking, compared to the rest of the swillets on FM and South Florida.
It's not great.
W-C-M-Q-F-M, which we don't know who's on the more.
We know Guillermo Schwartz is on Noon 2 and kicking everybody's ass.
By the way, I hate to break the news to you.
Dr. Laura wasn't on in the last book, Paulie.
Most of the book.
And, uh, give me Dr. Laura who beat you with the rating?
Yeah, between 10 and Noon.
What's the guy that's on now?
The guy from Tampa?
Glenn Beck.
Grimeswood Todd Greck.
I guess.
He had a 3.2 share.
Okay, we had a 9.3.
He had a 3.2.
Yes, Rush did beat us in the last book, and I talked about on the air.
See, I don't lie about the ratings, Ron.
Uh, because they're right there in Paul.
Whatever your name is.
W-R-M-F-C-M-Q-F-M-W-R-F-X, which is Dan Silio, which is in Orlando.
Another, uh, syndicated piece of crap from Orlando.
Dan Silio.
Call Foster.
We know how many listeners he's got.
Yeah, I.
Uh, none.
I don't listen to Radio B410.
Tom Joyner.
He's the hottest working man in motor radio is what I hear.
That's on Hot 105.
Ain't so hot.
And Magic, our good buddy Rick Shaw, Ricky Tickey.
Which I, if I was in town, I'd be tuned in every morning to Ricky Tickey.
Not near the music, because we know the music sucks thanks to the PD.
But just here Rick say, it's alive.
I am not, but not sick.
Right, I kind of get a kick out of that when Rick Shaw says that.
Uh, hope you have a good day, Rick.
We love you.
There's a survivor man over 40 years.
I'm just a hiker.
I'm closing it on, uh, 30 man.
I'm 30, but there's a guy that I'm here in South Florida for over 40 years.
Rick Shaw.
Wow.
He just might have been the first voice I heard on the radio down here.
I do like that.
And he also agrees he would never, I better not say about Bob Hamilton and that awful music they make him play.
He knows what we're talking about, but he needs a job.
Right.
Anyway, so if there's anybody I left out, you can call it and tell us, like probably in Palm Beach County,
because we don't know too much about Palm Beach, or maybe in Monroe County.
Is there any station on the year they are?
No, we don't know.
One morning radio show before attending the listen to Mocha.
Now let's take a look at the early returns here.
Okay.
None.
22.
NTR 11.
Joe Rose 7.
All right.
You demand Joe.
Oh, he had a nice book.
I know.
Wonder if you don't want to tell you on with him.
Hey, by the way, let me say it again.
I know your head is swollen the size of a bowling ball, but I do want to tell you this right now.
Joe Rose, adamantly, absolutely, and positively does not want you on that show with him.
So you better make that Panther gig work.
You better pray.
You better get with that idiot Gary Batman and get in those negotiations.
Those labor negotiations and make sure there's a hockey season next year, because otherwise you're going to be out.
You're going to be out in the beach.
Joe Rose 10.
What's it just changed again?
NPR 25.
None.
I'm sorry.
None 25.
NPR 19.
Joe Rose 10.
Paul and Ron 5.
Mocha or David and 3.
The coast one.
WRFX Dan Cili-01.
Carl Foster voted.
He's got one.
I'm the first 65 votes.
Carl Banana's Foster Hewitt.
How do you like that?
Wow.
See this business.
You know when you could tell the industry was really starting to go into Crampor a big time?
You know when you have these brokered stations and people were buying their way out of the year.
See when you have to buy your way on a year.
That tells me a lot.
You know what I'm saying?
Just tell me what your problem is.
We better put him on there too, because that was just a psychic.
Last time we didn't do it and he got all wounded and his list is endless.
Oh jeep.
Okay.
I don't know what the colors are.
Steve came.
Is he on in the morning?
Yes.
Of course he's on in the morning.
Steve and what's that little tour?
Please go out with him there.
Whatever his name is.
Brian Craig.
He's got Brian Craig on with him.
He's got probably Nick is hanging on the background and smelling things.
We're just smelling things up.
So make sure we get we've been that on there Josh.
Steve Kane.
Yes we are.
K-A-N-E.
Don't spell like Kane and Abelman because he ain't too able.
And he's got that big fat lawyer friend of his two that what's his name Richard Essen.
And that's what he does.
He eats Essen.
Essen.
And Essen working in Essen.
Man just eats an eat.
I would be surprised to be exploded on the year one day.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Hey there's a great picture way to explode on your TV.
It's HDTV from VUM.
That's right.
VUM is high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV.
It's like comparing the latest CD sound to the very first Edison cylinder.
VUM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
VUM has got the most HDTV anywhere.
And they provide all the equipment you need to enjoy the ultimate HDTV experience,
including the satellite dish, HD receiver and the road too.
VUM has got over 30 channels of HD programming.
You can watch ESPN and high definition even.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV,
even those local channels and we're apologizing for those.
VUM has got over 120 channels of great entertainment weight in India.
VUM even has exclusive channels that you just can't even get on cable or satellite,
including HD movies, music and sports.
So with VUM you get all the channels you have now plus all these new,
awesome high definition channels to really enjoy too.
Call VUM today toll free 1 866 848 8666 or visit them online at VUM.com
for limited time offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost, no long term commitment.
That's 1 866 848 8666 or VUM.com online.
But you better check it out today because the offer ends next Monday, May 31.
Live in local, we're sports radio 560 C-A-A-M.
W-I-O-D, oh I hate that station.
That's a good name.
This is a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
It's a great name for the fans.
1119, somebody faxing says you forgot about dr. Joy Brown on 610 AM W-I-O-D.
Who the hell is that?
Uh this chick I guess.
Who the hell is dr. Joy Brown?
I don't know brown joy.
Must say that something that sounds like he might be interested.
At any rate, let's get her on her right away.
Josh, he's on there.
Okay, just relax now.
Don't get all hypoir on me.
One morning radio showed you listen to the most before 10 o'clock in the AMM.
NPR 39, none 38.
W-N-U-N.
I don't listen none.
I don't get none.
Thirt-Rose 25, Paul & Ron 10.
Let's see they've each voted five times if my math is right.
Moe Howard, David and six.
Carl Foster, too.
Carl Foster's got a pair.
A close two.
WRFX, Dan Sillio's got one.
Rick Party won.
What kind of a name is that?
Rick Party.
Wow.
Rick Party.
And no votes yet for WEDR.
Albee, soak WRMFWCMQFAMA.
Lenin, a lessentary, Lexa, whatever the hell are they name is Lexentary.
Tom Joyner, the hardest work of man to radio business.
WMIB, which I thought we knew who they were.
The Baker Boys.
They don't have any Y100 footies.
Don't have one.
Steve Cain just won honor.
He don't have one yet.
And WIOD, Dr. Joyce Brown has gotten none so far.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Boy, life is great.
I'll turn it that right now.
Right now, I would say.
I don't get too much better.
You know what I mean?
For who?
Son, for me.
Oh.
Son of Shannon here right now.
It's going to be a beautiful day, Paul, because I know you really care about these Toronto weather forecasts.
And some matter of fact, I'll give you the up to the date.
Temperature right now from the City Paul's TV.
We don't want to give a spot through how chem optical.
Probably a bunch of Arabs.
16 degrees.
It's starting to get sunny for the first time in quite a while.
We had a lot of cloudiness and rain and murky stuff.
But that's okay.
It's going to be what?
66 today.
70 tomorrow.
So 16 is what?
61 Fahrenheit.
So they ain't too bad.
In fact, it's time to go out and have a...
Party.
Yeah.
...in our pants.
Line 9's ring in WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Line 9 is dead.
That's just...
That's a rare opportunity missed by some foolish listening right there.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, Palli?
How's it going?
Pretty good.
Palli?
Never better, as the mad dog would say.
Hey, I'm, you know, I'm a little surprised.
You didn't add your favorite Bob and Tom to that list.
What about...
Well, I forgot about them because I'm...
...not on in the South Florida market.
They're on in Palm Beach, though.
What station are they on?
Uh...
They're on the...
...gator, 98-7, but you probably hit them...
...at least midway to Broward.
I would imagine Gator's...
Well...
...50,000 lots of station.
Let's get him on your right away, Bob, and Tom.
A very bad oversight for which we apologize profusely.
Hey, apology, except it's...
Hey, uh, what...
Did you watch the president speech the other day?
No, I did not.
You know...
I did hear him say...
I...
I heard that.
Oh, he...
He stumbled and stammered throughout the entire thing.
At big words or not one of his strong points.
But, you know, throughout the whole thing...
He didn't...
He didn't say anything new.
Yeah, well, we know that.
That's what everybody said.
He just rehashed a symbol.
The...
The networks didn't carry it because they knew it was just going to be a rehash and it was.
It was a rehash and...
And then he said...
You know, he changed.
He didn't mention weapons of mass destruction.
However, he did say that the reason that we went into Iraq was to...
To liberate and to bring democracy.
And still, to this day, I still encountered people who think that Saddam was responsible for 9-11.
Well, in that case, I would say just shoot him, you know.
Uh, yeah, we're going to have to.
Neil, I love you, buddy.
Enjoy, T.O.
Have a great day.
Uh, the...
Begay Day.
Gary says, could you add,
BBC World Service and Air America to your list?
Holy cow!
Oh, my God!
I listened to both before I switched to QAM for your four hours.
And immediately the music says, Gary,
BBC World Service,
which I didn't have no idea what that is.
He must have, uh, X-Hound or something or a series.
Oh.
And Air America.
Well, Air American could have been...
We're not talking about online.
We don't want to find out about people listening online.
It's all well and good, but that's not a radio show, okay?
I mean, it isn't for us.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
For the common man.
Oh.
Why do you listen to before 10 a.m.?
Now, why did Dave ask...
Like, tell me the question, okay?
And then before you get the answer, you read the question back to me.
When I can pick it up, 70% of the time, I listen to Stern on 96.1.
I pay him out of Naples for admirers, okay?
Well, uh, can we...
We want to put...
No.
I got that right.
What?
I don't know.
People still listen to the Stern online, which they're more than entitled to,
but we're not going to put him on, because he's not on a radio no more,
and so on.
So, the only thing that I can do is to find out what people are listening to on that.
I'm at an old sad thing called a radio that used to be great, used to want to squeeze it and hug it and touch it.
Now, it's like, oh, geez, get that thing away from me in the radio, too.
Somebody says Francisco Arruca on Waxi 7.9.
I didn't know he was on in the morning.
Yeah.
I never...
Huh?
Remember that call?
He's on twice a day, apparently.
Francisco, Arruca is the best radio show I am.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
See, everybody likes him, but nobody has any idea what time he's on, which is kind of strange.
Anyway, Waxi 7.9.
Yeah, which is called...
Francisco Arruca.
Although it says here Francisco Ayuda, I don't think that's correct.
No, it's Arruca.
It says Francisco Ayuda.
Get with it, okay.
Get with the...
Big of a pan, man.
We're going to deport your ass.
Francisco Arruca, plus I like saying that, a lot better mixed by pallet like quiver.
Arruca, ooh.
Anyway, he's on 8.9, bashes the heart of Botion, of course, the old fart.
The Cubans probably don't like him.
All of a... like I said yesterday, the rumor right here is the Cubans are starting to turn it around.
Back them.
That's right.
They're starting to bash the old bush, master, and starting to finally see the light.
Better late than ever, you know what I'm saying?
They may be have been blinded by the light, but now they're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Maybe it was one of those tunnels that were checking out in Israel.
26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQA.
Oh, I better get this all set, because I don't know if Josh is going to charge extra to say,
see him or not.
And we can't afford, you know, with our low budget show.
Payed by the trip.
Yeah, I bet.
Lobster Fest is back at the Emile Coast.
You're going to love that.
All you seafood lovers.
This is not just another Asian buffet, which there are how many of those around town.
Not third man.
Every sweet corner is another imitator, another faker, but you find nothing like the Emile Coast.
They offer you sensational mouthwatering.
This is everything as fresh.
They use no crap, no MSG, no cornstarch.
They cook only with cholesterol free oils.
You walk out of there with a big full stomach and a big smile on your post-no pounding headache.
Six different kinds of soups.
All kinds of great entrees like New York strip made of order with their sizzling Asian grill.
Whoonon fish that's a brand new item on the menu.
Main lobster, thermidor style, Jonah Crab, oysters on a half shell, hand carb prime rib,
the new Thai specialties as well.
You'll find a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup.
Their brand new sushi bar and fresh.
Seam.
Seam cocktail.
And if you have any room left at the end of this incredible feast,
a really great delicious fresh goodies.
Emile Coast features a full dessert station featuring.
Seam, bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with.
Seam and all your other favorite toppings too, even fresh fruit.
Emile Coast, a great place to pick out now with three locations.
Pembroke Pine, Sunnayals and in sunrise.
So take the family, book your next business, lunch and whatever you like and let the folks at the Emile Coast
cook up a gigantic feast.
Seam.
Just for you.
They're voted number one by Zagat Restaurant Reviews, WSVN News and South Florida's Best Asian Buffet.
Takeout, Livia, is always available too for that called 954-5723822.
That's 954-5723822.
The rate nothing like it, the world famous Emile Coast Chinese Buffet.
Smile, light and lookals, sixes, four three, oh five, sixes.
You ain't a new A.
Miami Towns at five, six, oh, WQA.
The Carver Me Apart, the House of Pooch and his criminal, it is.
He took the four four runny and was the wickstats on the commando yet with all the ubers and edge of only.
There goes another benthic dot, crony booney.
I find your copy has gone away.
No longer work in policy, I hate.
And for the shoes looking cold, anyone else.
Got me, can't play.
The occupation is going back like fixing what you're saying that he has a fly.
But he's losing his grip on the power of rap with the killing rate that told you going on in Iraq.
And his bank robbing buddy, telling secrets to Iran.
He made good money, three hundred forty grand a month.
Another legative story for the corporate media to hush.
Who's the need to think the kid is?
That's what makes you blame this on winning.
I find that we have gone away.
No longer work in policy, I hate.
And for the shoes looking cold, anyone else.
Got me, can't play.
Look cold, anyone else.
Got me, can't play.
What a fool, what a fool.
Number 33, twenty seven to a loom.
Well, he must have got the good shipment in over the weekend, I'll tell you that.
It's nice to share.
He doesn't.
Anyway, I want to hear just the beginning of that again.
I get goosebumps.
Oh yeah, that does it for me.
Anyway, so Norma Kent faxes and says, let's see, what did he just say?
We'll be signed to fact that we should have put his show on there, although they don't know more.
That's the problem, Norm.
I know he had a whole bunch of listeners all down there at the courthouse.
Oh gee, Norm, you're a great broadcaster.
I wonder what they would say behind your back.
At any rate, he said, as usual, I'm right on target.
I got my thumb right on it.
And that is, era America, he's heard some more inside crap.
Three more months, maybe.
And then bye-bye.
Did I tell you there wasn't a trineman's chance in hell, that wasn't going to work?
Somebody said, yeah, I guess it was you.
Yeah, something like that.
How's that pull coming out?
Let's take a look.
One morning radio show, before 10 AM, you listen to most now that the most important show was off the air.
The Norm Kent show.
I mean, the Howard Stern show.
None, 62.
NPR, 59.
Joe Rose, 48.
I'm telling you, man, Joe, he's doing it.
Paul and Ron, 14.
Not too exciting.
Bob and Tom is up to 10 already, and that was an oversight.
Should have been on there from the beginning.
I'm going to tell you, Bob and Paul and Ron couldn't lick Bob and Tom's ass, okay?
You're a great show.
No, no, seriously.
I mean, they're not even the same league with Bob and Tom.
Of course not.
I would love to have Bob and Tom down here in the morning.
God.
Uh, Mohawar David has got eight.
In fact, Bob and Tom just went up to a dozen just while I was saying that.
Mohawar's only got eight.
He's weak.
Absolutely.
WRFX Dan Silios even got five.
The Carl Foster has got three.
That is a shocker.
The coast has got three.
WRFX Dr. Joy Brown has got a pair.
Rick Partys got one.
Lexington Terry one.
Steve Keynes got one.
Probably a fake.
Probably an implant.
Tom Joy has got one and no votes yet out of 224 for WMIB.
Why 100 footy?
Boy, do we despise him or what?
Or just a twerp.
Al Vsilk WEDR WRMWCMQFAMA and Francisco Arruca's on everybody who haven't yet.
Well, the audience, if they could have just been a fly in the wall this morning when Duff came in.
And I started asking him, because we don't know how to explain.
Well, who does the morning show on the coast?
Boy, I'll tell you his eyes must have lit up like a like a pinball machine.
It must have stirred pinner spinner around because now here was something to do.
You know what I mean?
A Tersanman.
Here's an assignment, Moff.
That has nothing to do with.
Brackdom ass.
Here's something that you can actually go in and he came back and sure enough.
The Baker Boys and MIB and all of a sudden a good start.
Nice going, Duff.
He's sitting in there probably with a self.
That kind of look on his face.
You know, self-satisfied, grin like, oh, why did it?
I did it.
Yeah, he contributed.
Isn't that great?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was listening to something else.
What's that, the Baker Boys?
You know it.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who won?
He's got a schedule.
Oh, I see.
Maybe he's on his way to retirement.
I don't know.
Maybe he just retired from calling.
I doubt it though.
They never do that.
5670560.
So Lexington, the deal with that is George Sizzes, is that they'd say, well somebody told us
that the other day.
It's an advice show for Rednext.
We saw some kind of crap like that.
They're trying to be funny.
Low key, Ron and Ron, with the same, you know, the Low Voice, Straight Talkin' Guy and then the
offended high voice funny sounding guy.
The Serone Ron Radio Network.
Uh-huh.
See, to have worked with Ron and Ron was to really understand the international nations
of what a piece of crap there really was.
And of course, some of the Red Nucky people out there get very upset when I say that,
but that's my opinion.
I thought that they were just in a Bosch.
I mean, Rick and Suds were like, Rick and Suds were like, Walter Cronkite and Chet Huntly
compared to Ron and Ron.
All right?
Good night, Chet.
Good night, Rick.
U.S. intelligence fears Iran duke the hawks into a Iraqi war.
This is something I think we ought to read like at least a few sentences of anyway.
And that's good.
This is by Julian Borger in the Guardian and a Brit newspaper that actually where they
print a little bit of the truth once in a while just by accident.
And urgent investigation has been launched in Washington into whether Iran played a role
in manipulating the U.S. and the Iraq war by passing on bogus intelligence through Ahmed
Chalabis Iraqi National Congress.
It comes out now.
Some intelligence officials now believe that Iran used the hawks into Pentagon and the White
House to get rid of a hostile neighbor and paved the way for a Shi'at ruled Iraq.
According to a U.S. intelligence official, the CIA has had hard evidence that Mr. Chalabis
and his intelligence chief, RS Karim Habib, passed U.S. secrets to Tehran and that Mr. Habib
has been a paid Iranian agent for several years, involved in passing intelligence and
gas in both directions.
The CIA has asked the FBI to investigate Mr. Chalabis contacts in the Pentagon to discover
how the I.N.C. acquired sensitive information then ended up in the Iranian's hands.
Oh my God!
The implications are far reaching.
Mr. Chalabis and Mr. Habib were the channels for much of the intelligence on Iraqi weapons
in which Washington built its case for war.
Kind of like Castronova.
In fact, he'd be good in the Bush Cabinet, professional liar.
It's pretty clear that Iranians had us for breakfast.
Lunch and dinner said an intelligence source in Washington yesterday.
Iranian intelligence has been manipulating the U.S. for several years through Chalabis,
whose good buddies would take Chany, by the way.
Anybody who begins with a CH.
Like Christ.
Larry Johnson, a former senior counter-terrorist official at the State Department said when
the story ultimately comes out, we'll see that Iran has run one of the most masterful
intelligence operations in history.
They persuaded the U.S. and Britain to dispose of their greatest enemy.
Mr. Chalabis is vehemently rejected.
The allegations is a lie.
A fib in silly.
He accused CIA director George Tendon of a smear campaign against himself and Mr. Habib.
However, it is clear that the CIA, at longer heads with Mr. Chalabis for more than eight
years, believes it's caught him red-handed and is sticking to its allegations.
They caught him with his pantaloonies down.
The suggestion that Chalabis is a victim of a smear campaign is outrageous, the U.S. intelligence
official said.
It's utter nonsense.
He passed very sensitive and classified information to the Iranians.
We have rock-solid information that he did that.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
It wouldn't surprise me if he had something to do with all the crap that went on it.
Abu Gharrab.
As well.
As for Ares Karim Habib being a paid agent for Iranian intelligence, we have very good
reason to believe that that is the case.
Added the intelligence official, of course, didn't want to be named.
He values his life.
He said it was unclear how long was I&C Iranian collaboration been going on, but pointed
out that Mr. Chalabis had had overt links with the Iran for a long period of time.
An intelligence source in Washington said the CIA confirmed its long-held suspicions when
it discovered that a piece of information from an electronic communications intercept
by the National Security Agency had ended up in Iranian hands.
The information was so sensitive that its circulation had been restricted to a handful of officials.
How do you like that?
This was sensitive compartmented information, SCI, and was tracked right back to the Iranians
through Ares Habib, the intelligence source, be saying, and there's much more articles
on our website.
U.S. intelligence fears Iran do talks into a rock war from the Guardian.
Again, for those people out there who really have some interest in finding out what's
going on in the world, the rest of you people enjoy the boobies, okay?
And we do.
And why not?
What's wrong with enjoying boobies?
We got Lula Philanon here today who just turned almost to almost 61.
Not a fact or 62.
Well, that's not a celebrity, but I found a good bonus pick for the Beated Curtain.
Who's now that?
It's an anonymous kind of a thing.
I'm sending it to Eric now for a bonus picker at some point.
We got a bonus picker like Harry Neal would say is that a bonus chance, like they gave
Jerome a ginn on a breakaway last night, and you gave him a bonus chance and he's going
to stick it in there, which you did on the rebound.
What a shame.
Hey, Freddie Modin.
He went the other way, Freddie.
Uh-oh, too late.
It's he put the biscuit in the basket, but I was bad.
Tampa Bay really let me down last night, but the caller before was right on target, man.
They shot their against the Philadelphia and now they got like a re-organized day off today,
and they'll be okay.
Maybe.
Because Calgary, who wants a bunch of farmers from Calgary to win a Stanley Cup in an embarrassing?
A bunch of people called the flames.
It's inspiring.
No, no, it's not.
Who wants a bunch of guys with a name like that to win a Stanley Cup?
BAAAMING!
Exactly.
18 till noon at 560 W.J.A.M. is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business, payroll
administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management.
These are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Cal Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation called tool free 1-866-A.O.A.S.S.
That's 1-866-286-2747, with more than 60,000 employees worldwide.
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Oasis-enough being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice
which lets you focus all your energies on your core business while leaving the operational details
to the folks that Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable.
If you want a free evaluation with no obligation call that tool free number 1-866-A.O.A.S.S.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
My life and look all this is for trade-off by 60, you ain't who I am.
I just saw Brad Pitt start bringing Troy.
I was swimming in my seat, oh boy.
Troy.
Cos I'm talking about his gorgeous butt.
Brackdom.
Can't believe I saw his terrier.
Back and on the upper bed were under weight.
Brad's funds are the cutest because under this vast speed of the most land.
Even be loud and hell's things check man.
That's a little bit.
Cos Brad Pitt's butt she saw the best.
Oh yeah, Brad's funds are the cutest.
Baby I know I know hope is next rolls of new days.
Wow, so you saw that movie right?
And do we actually see Brad's answer that movie?
Oh yeah actually it's a matter of fact you do.
Oh no.
I already asked this even bigger than Howard from Boca.
But that could be just a rumor.
Why would anybody want to see Brad's answer?
We already saw his penis on the internet years ago and it wasn't really quite frankly very impressive.
And now we saw his neck go.
Not only she's all whipped up about it.
You know who else likes it?
Howard from Boca.
And looking at the poll result, look who Joe Rose is left in the dust.
Howard from Boca.
Right.
Well I was about to use it a couple of times right?
Got it there.
Please.
Here's the poll result so far.
What morning radio show before 10am?
Do you listen to the most?
None.
79 people just don't listen before 10 o'clock at the morning.
And don't forget that's the time to turn it on when the little hand hits the big hand at 10 o'clock.
That's the time.
Oh god.
I mean it sounds pretty good.
I can't tell you what to do but we would appreciate it very very much.
Wouldn't we?
A lot.
At least a little bit.
Sun's coming out looking like a nice day here, Polly.
I wonder if he's the Polly girl.
None.
71 NPR 80.
Joe Rose 74.
That's a big number.
Joe was almost no more.
Oh no.
And I realize it's on the same station.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
But nevertheless, Bob and Tom 21.
They passed Paul and Ron like they were laying in a prone position.
How do you like that?
Bob and Tom.
God.
Is there any Bob and Tom that we can put?
Oh, I know.
We got one of them play.
Yeah.
There's a couple.
Are there?
Or well, the only one that immediately comes to mind is if I can find the damn thing.
Is this?
John Farrill, the taxi car of a head driver.
Central Park.
What's another one?
We can't play head shampoo.
That's for damn sure.
No.
We can't play prison bitch.
Oh, god.
No, can't play deliverance weekend either.
No.
I want to say we might be able to play the national pro-pantics.
Because those bleeps are a mile wide and nothing.
Are they really?
Well, we'll work on it.
In fact, let's play it on the next break.
Sure.
I'll work on it.
In fact, maybe I'll check it out.
Because we wouldn't mind much having another trip to the doctor so soon.
He was just there yesterday and said everything came out just fine.
Back home.
Even the doctor said.
Not alone, guys.
Even the doctor said came out just fine.
It popped out.
Just like that.
Well, he was in there looking around for stuff.
You know, he wouldn't believe what he found.
Anyway, what morning radio show before 10am, you listen to most non-81 NPR 80, Joe Rose 74,
by the time 21, Paul and Ron 15.
You're stuck on 15.
I'll tell you who else is stuck.
Is Moe is stuck on 8.
See, this is what happened, Moe.
You came in, you burned your bridges with everybody else on the station and the market and the human race.
And now you're stuck, you're a loser and even Gelties abandoned in the ship now.
How do you like that?
WRFX, Dan Cilios even got 7.
He's right on Moe's ass.
Can you believe that?
Almost just got another one.
He's got 9.
Dan Cilios got 7.
The coast and Carl Foster have 5 of a piece.
Carl Foster has got 5.
You got to be Schmitt and me, man.
He might be a contender, but I doubt it.
Lexentary have been stuck on a four long time, but then they get all fairness to them.
Even as mugwampian cornyers, it is.
They just went on, right?
Then they just go on this week or was it last week?
I thought it was this week.
This week?
Are you sure?
No, okay.
But I thought it was.
So I mean, what they have been on long enough.
Francisco Arruca's got 3.
Why 100 foot?
He's got a pair.
W.I.O.D. Dr. Joy Brown 2.
Tom Joyner, the hardest work of man in the radio business.
He's got two.
Rick Partys got one.
W.
The Baker Boys on MIB, which the new times loves them like crazy.
They got one.
Steve Keynes got one.
Oh, man.
CMQ FM don't have any of those Albi silk.
How can Albi silk not have any power 96?
That's our crowd.
No.
No.
No.
EDR is none.
And RMF none.
Our 321 votes.
Let me know the group, the demographic group.
There's an article in the Canadian paper one of me yesterday about how 18 to 34-year-olds here don't vote just like an U.S.
And that's because 18 to 34-year-olds don't give a flying crab a lot of politics.
So maybe that's one of the reasons that our 18 to 34 audience for the whole station vanished in last book all the way.
I think it might have been a sampling thing because they didn't seem to be able to find too many 18 to 34-year-old people in the South Florida who speak in English.
Don't get my drift.
So we'll see.
But again, they're probably bored by it.
And you know what?
Who cares? Let them go out and get laid.
Let them look at the boobies on the pictures and then have a good time.
That's all.
When you're 18 to 34, that's what you want to do.
You want to have a good time.
Of course, if you have a bunch of Nazis and fascists coming, then they make them sure you can't have a good time.
And they say, oh gee, I wish I would have paid a little bit more attention before.
But it then it's too late.
See what I'm saying?
By then it's too late.
So while you punk's out there, get registered to vote.
And even though he looks very scary, you better vote for Kerry, okay?
I'm just telling you right now for your damn good, for your own good, for the good of the human race.
That's true.
I read before that should be on billboards and it should be on TV and it should be shouted from microphones all over America.
You know what?
What about the paper that I put up?
Yeah, Tommy.
Okay.
Here's one that somebody sent in this morning that you fact from Frank Rich, no kind of fat rich.
Hey, by the way, Rich, good luck and you knew enterprise and I still interested.
Michael Moore's candid camera, Frank Rich in the New York Times.
Now, it starts out.
It's got a quote from Barbara Bush on Good Morning America March 18, 2003 where she says,
but why should we hear about body bags and debts and how many?
What day it's going to happen and how many of this or what do you suppose?
Or I mean, it's not relevant.
So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that and watch him suffer?
She needn't have worried her son wasn't suffering.
And one of the several pieces of startling video exhibited for the first time in Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11.
We catch a candid glimpse of President Bush some 36 hours after his mother's breakfast TV interview.
Minus before he matches on prime time TV address to take the nation to war in Iraq.
He is sitting at his desk in the Oval Office to make up what he's doing in his face and Mr. Bush is having a high old time.
You know, so it doesn't say a gay old time.
He's having a high old time.
He darts his eyes about and grins as he were if he were playing a peekable game with someone just off camera.
He could be a teenager goofing with his buds to relieve the passing TDM of a haircut.
In your wildest dreams, you couldn't imagine Franklin Roosevelt behaving this way 30 seconds before declaring war with grave decisions and their consequences at stake.
And Mr. Moore and interview before his new documentaries premiere at Cannes last Monday.
But that may be giving him credit for thinking that the decisions were grave.
As we spoke, the consequences of those decisions kept coming.
The premiere of Fahrenheit 9-11 took place as news spread of the assassination of a widely admired post-Sidom Iraqi leader blown up by a suicide bomber just a hundred yards from the inference to America's safe head quarters.
In the green zone and Baghdad.
Fahrenheit 9-11 will arrive soon enough at your local cinemaplex.
There's lots of money to be made.
So this got much of the squabbling on route.
Disney hasn't succeeded in censoring Mr. Moore so much as an enhancing his stature as a master provocateur and self-promoter.
And the White House, which likewise hasn't a prayer of stopping this film, may yet ban the PR flames.
It so outrageously falls, it wasn't even worth comment was the bustry opening week's servile by Dan Bartlett, the White House communications director.
New York State News reported that Republican officials might even try to use the Federal Election Commission to shut the film down.
That would be the best thing to do to happen to Michael Morrison, Charlton Heston, granted in that interview.
Whatever you think of Mr. Moore, there's no question he's detonating dynamite here from a variety of sources.
Foreign journalists and broadcasters like Britain's Channel 4, freelancers and sympathetic American TV workers have slipped in the listed video.
He supplies wartime pictures that have been largely shielded from our view.
Instead of recycling images of the planes hitting the world trade center in 9-11 again, Mr. Moore can revel in extended new closeups of the present continuing to read,
might pet goat to elementary school students in Florida for nearly seven long minutes after looking at the attack.
Just when Abel Grabe and the savage beheading of Nicholas Berg made a stink we've seen at all, here is yet another major escalation in the nation jolting images that have become the battleground for the war about the war.
Fierranite 9-11 is not the movie Moore Watchers, fans or foes were expecting if it were the foes would find it easier to ignore.
When he first announced the project last year after his borscht Oscar-Nied die trapegates Mr. Borscht, he described as an expo say of the connections between Bush and Vidlod and Dynasties.
But that story has been so strenuously told elsewhere, most notably in Craig Ungers' bestseller House of Bush House of Saud, that it's no longer news.
Mr. Moore settles for a brisky cap in the first of films two hours and predictably he stirs it into an over the top at times tendentious replay of Bush's haters' greatest hits.
Catherine Harris, the Supreme Court, Harkin Energy, A. Wall and Alabama, the Carlisle Group Halliburton, the lazy Crawford vacationer August 2001, the Payton Act.
But then the movie bears off in another direction entirely. Mr. Moore takes the same hairpin turn the country as over the past 14 months and crash lines into the gripping story that is unfolding in real time right now.
Wasn't it just weeks ago we were debating whether we should see the coffins of the American dead and whether Ted Coppola should read their names on nightline?
In Fahrenheit 9-11 we see the actual dying of American troops and Iraqi civilians alike, with all the ripped flesh and spilled guts that the violence of war entails.
If Steven Spielberg, Spielberg, can simulate World War II cardage and saving private Ryan, it's hard to argue that Mr. Moore should shy away from that reality in present they were.
We also see some of the 4,000 plus American casualties. Those troops hidden away in clinics at Walter Reed and Blanchefield Army Community Hospital in Fort Campbell, Kentucky, where they try to cope with nerve damage and multiple severed limbs.
They're not silent. They talk about their pain and their morphine and they talk about betrayal.
I was a Republican for quite a few years one soldier says with almost innocent era bafflement and for some reason they conduct business in a very dishonest way.
That's a Frank Rich column makes you want to see that movie run right out and see it right now don't it? I want to see it hard.
All right soon.
I can detect cancer in other life threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late. Doctors before it isn't even needed.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9-5-4-9-6-6-3600 for the test that can give you and your family your loved ones peace of mind.
I was there a few weeks ago and it's like a miracle what they can do with modern technology now.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed CAT scans, nuclear medicine and much much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving the community for over 20 years and their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
So called Hollywood Diagnostic Center I really mean it could be one of the most important calls a life saving call you can ever make for those imaging exams two days.
Call 9-5-4-9-6-6-3600.
I'm going to look on this. It's 5.60. The radio is on your phone.
QAM.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
Which i am obviously not work.
big bucks to have an XM or one of what's the other one? Serious. Serious. Get serious. One of those
that put in is that the your government, the American Nazi government right now, they were within
one vote of putting that in the current legislation. They just feel by one vote of being able to
censor cable and satellite TV and satellite radio as well. Oh my god. Like that. So the
booby and penis police. I mean, they're just they're everywhere. Anyway, ever since shock
jock how it's done suggested they might jump ship to satellite radio rather than in during FCC
and decency crackdown. There's been considerable speculation about who might actually be the first
to take the plunge. Agent Robert Eatman, who probably is a really great agent, I'm like some people
who sit around pretending to play radio, but really don't know a thing about the business. Agent
Robert Eatman, who represents former WNEW New York, jock's Greg Hughes and Anthony Cumie,
collectively known as OPEN Anthony, as well as MS Communications Man Cowell-Morrer,
told the New York Post that one or more may be considering moving to satellite.
It's going to be a massive platform in the near future even set of satellite radio. I know
there's scuttle about about OPEN Anthony coming to us or XM, serious spokesman Elsi Brown,
told the New York Daily News. We'll talk with anyone, but we wouldn't have any announcement
without contracts. We're always looking at opportunities that had XM's chance Patterson,
but we don't have any specific statement in regard to OPEN Anthony, at least not yet.
How you like that? Yeah. Glenn and Danbury, Connecticut,
faxers, and says, I know you despise CNN, but that'll report this morning about how the oil
companies, who have gouged us for billions in profits, had the boss who asked for millions.
This is pathetic, Glenn and Danbury, Connecticut. I just got through a wini article a few minutes
ago, was on CBS even news. Don't give CNN credit for this. The only reason they finally put it
on here is because CBS blew the story out last night. Glenn, about how they didn't ask for
millions, they got millions, Glenn, get the story right, they got millions of the Homeland Security
Fund because it affected their good buddies well with you know whom. Wow. And of course, you saw
me a Bloomberg wicker two ago, just belly, I can like all the mayors of the other big cities,
about the fact that they're not getting diddly squad from Homeland Security, and that's just a joke.
But in the meantime, there's 65 million one of the oil companies with their billions of dollars
in profits. And people are sitting back on, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
That's right. What's that small game start? And speaking of ball games, I was so shocked.
I'm looking at the schedule for tomorrow, which by the way, we got a great news for you.
Oh, well, great news for us anyway. We got a Marlins game of 1235 tomorrow, which means the
pregame show starts at 1230. And then is if that isn't going to up tomorrow night, we got Hurricane
baseball against Longmeet State. Let me tell you something pal, Longmeet State's a girl school.
Playing another one in girl schools, they specialize at U of M. Wow. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
probably should have been taking some calls here along the way one or two three or four, whatever.
It probably got some important stuff. WQA M hello. Hey, me. How you doing? Pretty good, sir.
I don't know if anybody had a chance to tell you that I've been in and out, but this morning,
you were calling. Paul and Ron, Paul and Ron about how they ripped this an ass. Yeah.
Now this is about the, the, the, uh, terror threat we have now. And, and they had a list on the,
Angela Ray shows this morning about. Angela Ray? I bet you know what, Angela was saying.
There is the bad, a bullet in list of what you should look for this summer. Anybody wear a heavy,
bulky coat on a hot day. Yeah. Anybody who has wires dangling from them. Right. Yeah,
that's right. That's right. Now that's where I was on the internet over the weekend. I think I
put that on our website. That's, that's an old story, but they finally got around to finding
your channel for. Yeah, I just smell like chemicals. Look out. That's right. If you're letting
a match and sticking it to your, you're either, uh, lighten your farts or else you're dangerous.
One of the other. I couldn't believe I was taking my, as she goes off and says, I'll study hard
for Miss Ray. We love you. No, yeah. Pray for her. Please. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news,
pal. Hi, buddy. See you. Yeah. Watch out for guys. If it's a hundred degrees in the shade,
they're wearing big, bulky clothing. Just like the raincoat, the rain, uh, the umbrella guy,
in Dallas, like every 22nd, 1962, the umbrella man was a bright sunny hot day in Dallas.
And here's the guy standing there with an umbrella. And then of course, just as the, about a baby,
that's when I, he opened the umbrella and then he just vanished, never seen it. I think it was
Dick Nixon, myself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. We're probably less than, uh, morning shows off at this
list, which we want to put them all on there. We don't want to like slight anybody because it's a
desperate business. And I, my sympathies go out to everybody in the business except the course
for a cast and over. There's a chronic liar. I would, I would, I would even overlook that,
Paul, but you're just such a, such an idiot. Such a BS artist. Oh, I started near Rogers at the
sawgrass. I mean, it started with that and it's just gone downhill from them. Just make it
up. Crap. Just go on here and talk garbage. Okay. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just
attention about on that story and that gentleman just said about the heavy clothing and the wires.
And the wires are about to be yours. About the juice that were those gigantic heavy clothes. And
you know, they have right. Those white strings. The white strings sticking out of the sides of
their clothes. Those are wires. Exactly. More obvious and less to fill in is what I'm here. Exactly.
All right, Neil. Just to let you know that. Be careful with those orthodox juice.
Oh, yes. People with, by the way, okay. Thank you. Yeah. And you know, something with or without
the clothing, be careful with orthodox juice. Believe you me. Man, oh, man. If there's a spot on the
totem pole anywhere beneath them, man, I don't know where the hell it is. At any rate, how can you
say that because it's true? What morning radio show before 10 a.m. Do you listen to most? That's our
pull question on theorages.com. Today our second pull question. First one about the website. It was
pretty good. I thought it was pretty gratifying and satisfying and illuminating. And it was okay.
That's all right. A little week. Anyway, none. Look at this. Joe Rose is just moving into first place.
How do you like that? Wow. Joe Rose, who is so underestimated. I'm feeling good. See, and he
should be. He's got 98 votes. They listen more to Joe than any other morning show. Wow. NPR
97. None 97. WN UN. None. And then it's way down. Boy, that's pretty amazing. Way down to Bob and Tom
with 27 who passed Paul and Ron like they just both croaked. Bob and Tom 27, Paul and Ron 21.
Moe Howard David is all way up there to 10. He's making a move. Absolutely. WRFX Dan Silio's got
nine. Carl Foster's got seven. That's got to be a joke. That's got to be a put on.
Francisco Arruco's got six. The coast is got five. Lexington Terry five. Why 100? What is
got four? WIOD Dr. Jordan Brown's got four. That to me is just a that's scandalous.
Tom Joyner three on hot Nutsel how 105 WMIB two. Steve Keynes got appear. Probably fo- fo- fo-
Rick Partys got one. Hey, I can't even I can't say that without laughing. Rick Partys.
Do you ever hear anything so ridiculous in your life? What what's the station's he on? Oh, he's on EDR.
Well, he's jamming it and no votes yet for CMQ FAM. I mean, I wonder where every time I ask about
that station, nobody tells us what it is. And of course, now they're probably listening to the very
famous year most shorts who kicked everybody's ass in the fall book. They don't hit that part.
I wonder what there's a stuff on the website that we need to alert the troops about. What is that?
The bonus beaded curtain girl and more importantly that whatever that petition thing
a link to that watchman call it. Oh, the one that I said to you yesterday, be sure Eric puts it out.
He didn't repress thingy. It's there now. It was a long and arduous project I understand.
Why is that? I don't know because it was. All we need was just a link. It's just the free press.net.
It ain't as easy as all that. Free press.net sure would have been just like any other. I believe now maybe I'm wrong. Excuse me.
Eric must be wrong. I want to get him going again. I don't want to get him saying, whoa, like that because when he says it,
the whole Orlando shakes even Mickey's tail starts quaking.
Mm hmm. I think it's underneath it.
Back them at any rate. So that's on air and be the curtain. Now you've peaked my cure. By the way,
EDR and RMF don't have any of that. You interrupted. I was right in the middle of it.
I'm finishing up my report. Okay. The grudge report. It's an anti-war poster that they can,
you know, download and print up and put around the office. Okay. There's Lola,
Philana. Oh, look at that. Well, isn't that a beautiful thing? Yeah.
More boobies, by the way. Look at that. That is fabulous. Now who would do that? That's just some
of the chicks. Some conscious, you know, minded, hippie protester.
Well, how do you like that bonus coverage on the beta curtain today? But you must now,
we have to like make it very clear that only if you're over like 80, right? Because we got two
pictures right there side by each. And if you're like something on the pump, God only knows what kind of
things could happen. And John asked for a definitely not improvement. They are tracing where you're
looking at. And how does he know I'm reading stuff on the air if you don't listen to the show? Yes,
sir. Yeah. Yeah. Getting back to you were talking a little bit about stirring this morning.
I guess I guess in the major markets that clear, clear channel took him out of.
Is it the, well, wait a minute. There were no major markets. The only major market was Miami.
The other six were like small pitfalls. Is Miami a major market? Yes. Okay.
So what I want to know is that the price of your sand eagle. Who sets the price for what they would
have to pay for those shows? Is it is it star nor is it? I mean, is it a,
well, yeah, him and his syndicate or whoever's in the city? Okay. What he ought to do is he ought to
drop his feet down as low as possible so that the small radio stations in those areas could pick up his
show. Then he's back in the market in those particular markets and he can, you know, put his
finger up the clear channel and say, why does he want to do that? He isn't here. He's making
30 million bucks a year. What does he care about? I guess just is, you know, to be spiteful to
go into those areas that clear channel was in and give them a big book against clear channel.
That's something to think about. I ain't going to happen now. I have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Let me say it again. It's not about how it's stirring. I realize
that comes as a great bitter pill to swallow. It's about everybody. It's about the business.
It's about the industry. Long after all of us are dead and buried, it's going to be about what
freedoms we used to have and people just, they just don't, they still don't get it.
Oh, you're just kidding us. You can't say that anymore and you can't play. No, we can't.
WDQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. There's a radio couple that do a show out of
a high for high school. They're like a underground team. Reverend Jones and the boy. Oh, God.
You know, the interesting part of it is they can't be on again. I just decided right at that moment.
Yeah. Now the Reverend and his boyfriend, they're not going to be on anymore. Just, you know,
I just put a stop to it at this point. This is where I put my feet down right on the floor.
Your bare feet? Man, they're happy to be bare feet, no matter if I can sit here,
my underwear, very comfortable. Good morning, radio show before 10 a.m. Do you listen to most?
That's our poll question. Joe Rose, 117. He's kicking ass. I'm going little dog with that big head.
None 113 NPR 108. They think it's great. Bob and Tom 35, Paul and Ron 29. They just can't catch you.
Now Paul and Ron have got 30, man. Can you just see the two of them now just frantically tapping away
and voting on the poll too? Mo Howard David, it's got a dozen. Probably the dirty dozen.
Absolutely. WRFX Dan Silios got nine. Carl Foster, 7, Francisco,
Arruka's got seven. Lexan Terry, 6. The coast six, Y-106. Dr. Joy Brown on WIOD 4. Time
Joanna for WMIB. Who's that? That's the Baker boys. The Baker boys, we have in three. Rick
parties got two. Steve Keynes got a pair. So non. WRMF1 WDR1 and none yet. Zero for Albee Silk
for CMQFM out of 475. I guess that power 96 crowd they just don't like us, right?
Yeah, we don't have a lot of crossover with them. Well, you know what? The feelings mutual.
This is 205c. 2 AM.
And another thing. You the rules of the main way with a bit of star by now.
With that little bit of sweet voice. I didn't expect to get anywhere a little beauty too.
Can we save you? I think I can save the thing. I don't know.
How? I want to play with it right now. I am coming.
I'll do it right now. The more I see you.
Yeah, what about it?
The more I hate you.
What do I hate?
I'm not being you.
I want to die.
Your pector ring.
No toenail cheese.
A roll.
Be in the corner.
And point like that.
Why you why you're the smack you?
Then I'll save you.
I know my smell attracts you.
I know.
But unlike that you.
You still got such a...
I feel just like...
That you are my divrater.
And one you need to another.
Oh, I'm falling into it right now.
That's why you're totally flying.
I'm falling in love behind you.
It's up to you.
I want to die.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, we do it so far.
Not all right.
That's enough.
Ah!
From 321560, WQM, we got...
I'll keep saying we got the mad dog at 2, but we don't.
What do we got?
We got the Panther press conference at 2, baby.
Oh!
Yeah!
Which means that, uh, and of course, Josh Darrow, Clarence Darrow, being the genius that he
is, the programming maven.
He says to me this morning before the show, he said, well, uh, it's only going to be about
10 minutes.
You think that's really going to hurt the ratings?
I said, yeah, probably there'll be the difference between us making the bonus and not.
That's right.
And it's part of the 10-3 day part, which we share with our friend, the mad dog, and we, uh,
take great umberage and great hostility.
Now, if you would have liked pretend that we care about what's happening in the world, and
put the Homeland Security press conference into on for the same 10 minutes, actually people
with a brain, people with an acu- larger than their thumbnail, might have stuck around for
that and said, hey, guess what?
We want to hear what the Tom Bridget has to say, and the Robert Mueller in his spaghetti
sauce.
But no, we got the Panther press conference.
That takes me back to the time there was some kind of a dolphin, Jimmy Johnson thing that
we didn't care.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
And Barry Jackass and some of the other sports nerds in town.
Oh my god, that was shortly after we first came on his station.
Oh my goodness, they didn't carry that.
And this is a sports, well, this ain't a sports show, okay?
Barry, you idiot, you little twerp, you little suckling you.
Man, I hope you're still Brown Bagganan, okay?
What a piece of crap.
Just a mouthpiece.
Is there anybody, can you name me one person other than Carl Hyacin in South Florida,
maybe once in a while Fred Grimm, name me one person who writes for the two day of fish
wrappers, who's a real columnist, once in a while Robert Steinbeck if he gets inspired.
Right?
Yeah, what about Mike Mayo?
If they don't pee on his chitlins, who?
Mr. Mayo.
Like I said, you gotta be kidding me, aren't you?
Michael hold the Mayo.
About twice a year he writes something that is even worth talking about.
And we read it on here, we're giving credit.
Nice go on Mike.
He, first of all, he's a sports nerd.
Just like that bitch that you told me died that I played that call from Pat the Curry.
Yeah.
Same thing, she was the religion, first she was the radio writer and then I made her in the religion writer.
She died?
And then she died.
What does that tell you?
What a progression that is.
So I watched myself, Michael, the Mayo.
Don't be eating no mayo.
It's for goyem.
Here's a fact that says when I leave my house in Palm Beach County, I'll listen to Moan Sally 105.5 FM.
What is 105.5?
See, it's not one of them Palm Beach stations, we don't know what it is.
No.
Moan Sally.
Moan Sally is Moan got Sally with him?
Absolutely.
When I get into Broward, I'll listen to Greg Budell and Don Agony 640 AM, Holy Moly.
Oh my God.
Don Agony and Greg Budell.
They're on together again?
You've got to be kidding me.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Right.
That's a luscious core of themselves, noodles.
I thought he was in once upon a time in America.
At any rate, it just seems every time I tune into QM, it's another commercial.
Well, thank God for us with a lot of spots.
Oh!
That's all we care about anyways, the money.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you know, it took us a while to find me a dad to that, but that's here attitude.
So why not us just give us the money, more time off, more pay, and that's what it's all about.
And I've done it.
You got it.
If nothing else, I get very high marks for being a good teacher.
I have taught my students well.
I taught Joe Rose Dad lesson.
I taught the mad dog very well.
He works whatever the hell he feels like.
The Humper has got down to like a three hour show.
And once in a while, actually has to work the whole three hour.
Not today though.
Two and a half hours.
Seriously, no wonder Hank isn't such a good mood lately.
I mean, if you have to work two and a half hours most days, what kind of a job is that?
And getting paid the kind of big bucks that he's getting paid?
And eating a big gigantic meals, he must be eating from what you tell me?
Iraqis accused US troops of theft in house raids.
Iraqis accused US troops of steening money and other property during what they say are aggressive,
even destructive American raids on homes that can devastate families socially and financially.
It's a huge problem almost everyone has something to say about gold money and other valuables going missing.
And they don't believe they'll ever get them back.
It Adele Alami, a lawyer with Iraq's human rights organization, Adele Salami.
Over the past 14 months of occupation, US forces have carried out thousands of raids on homes across the country,
in which money, jewelry and other property were seized from Iraqis suspected of anti-coelection activities.
The US military say items are generally confiscated on suspicion they could be used to finance the tax against US-led forces
and that this is like the sum success in cutting off funding for guerrillas.
A spokesman for the US-led coalition said he was aware of Iraqis' complaints of theft during raids
that some US soldiers have been disciplined for inappropriate conduct,
but he said the problem was very rare, extremely rare.
We're aware of it, but there's also the possibility of Iraqis making malicious claims.
You said, just like that phony wedding, you know?
Right. Even terrorists and bad people have weddings and celebrations,
even those damn little kids that we killed.
They probably just...
They're terrorists of the future, so let's kill them all anyway.
Meanwhile, Amnesty International, which I noticed they showed us about three seconds
at a press conference on the, certainly not news network this morning,
the Nazi propagated network, and then they went right back to Daron Kagan again,
who's going to be interviewing the Saddam Hussein.
I mean, we're talking about, you know, we make fun of Angela Raid,
but when you come right down to it, the talking head network is our bubble-head TV, bubble heads.
I mean, everybody likes free bubble heads, but nobody wants like a no bubble-head,
as opposed to like the BBC.
We did not return until six weeks after the events.
See? There's a mere distinguished, you know, she ended up laughing and giggling like a silly goose,
like what's your name? Soly Dad Schwartz, an Angela Raid.
At any rate, Washington's global anti-terror policies are bankrupted
of vision as human rights become sacrificed in the blind pursuit of security,
a leading human rights group charged today.
Amnesty International also wrapped partners across the world
in the US self-acglared war on terror for jailing suspects unfairly,
stamping on legitimate political and religious dissent,
and squeezing asylum seekers. Remember the seekers?
Yeah. The global security agenda promoted by the US administration
is bankrupt of vision and be raft of principle Amnesty had Irene Khan said
launching its annual report,
violating rights at home, turning a blind eye to abuses abroad
and using preemptive military force,
where and when it chooses his damage, justice and freedom,
and made the world a more dangerous place.
Specifically, Amnesty last washed in for unlawful killings of Iraqi civilians,
questionable arrest of mistreatment of prisoners in Iraq,
Guantanamo Bay in Afghanistan, and not positioned away new global criminal court.
The world is crying out for principal leadership,
and the negative effects of US-led anti-terror policies has spread far and wide.
I wonder if Irene Khan is genghis Khan driven by Eddie Cobb at the Suffolk Downs.
Remember Eddie Cobb? No.
The government are losing their moral compass, sacrificing it.
By the way, Moe Bandi and its Fritz, those are my favorite two Carl Allen horses.
Carl Allen passed away yesterday thanks to Ian Framowitz for letting me know the bad news.
Great horseman, Ohio family,
but the race in Michigan in early days became a great breeder, developer, and driver, and trainer, etc.
Carl Allen, he's dead. Aren't you broken up about that?
Nope.
Carl Allen, okay. I mean, you didn't even know who Steve Allen was for crying out loud.
Yeah, it was that Staggi Fuddy-Duddy guy.
Yeah, well, that's what he became at the ass end there, which goes to show you.
What a shame that was. That was very sad. That broke my heart.
And at least Jack Pardin became an old Fuddy-Duddy in his waning days.
Thank God.
20 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Don't forget to join us for a Marlin, join them for a Marlin's watch party starting at 6 o'clock tonight at the Pines Aile House located at 1,1795 Pines Boulevard.
Stopped by to win our very embarrassing prizes.
And some Marlin tickets from Billy the Marlin and then the Mermaids.
Catch the Marlins in the Reds tonight at the Pines Aile House on the TV because they're playing in Cincinnati.
What's the name of the stadium?
Great American ballpark.
Oh, I see.
And Billy the Marlin now is John Ruth still do a Billy the Marliners he gone is somebody else doing it.
Yeah, they got so little guy.
Really? Really?
John Ruth was the hurricane. What that was his name? The mascot?
Sebastian.
No.
Was it really?
That's what it is now.
And you know why John Ruth got that job at UM?
Who's responsible for that?
Who?
I'll give you a clue.
Deal, God.
That's right.
Were at the college world series No Monde Braske back in the early 80s and he was working for University of South Carolina.
He was the mascot and his nickname was Kaki.
Can we still say that?
No.
Well, that was his nickname.
Was the Game Cox was the nickname of the school.
And anyway, I said to Ron Fraser one night at dinner, one of those great steak houses in Omaha.
So this kid's really great.
You ought to try and get him a UM and guess what he did being a great guy that Ron Fraser was back in the day.
Didn't know that, did you?
Josh.
I'll be damned.
Well, there's a little story for it.
Not that anybody gives a crap, but there's a little story for somebody when you read terminally bored.
1241 at 560 QAM.
You know, summertime itself Florida guarantees three things.
Heat humidity and hurricanes.
You can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season.
Florida New Code Hurricane Shudders is installed shutters in over 3,000 homes all over town over the past decade.
From panels, accordion, roll down or Bahamas shutters.
Florida New Code Hurricane Shudders make it easy for you to pick out the hurricane protection that you need for your home.
Call 954-868-4935 for your free home estimate.
If you own a two-story home, you know how much pain any acid is using a ladder to put up those shutters.
But Florida New Code now offers you a new steel panel system,
decided to be installed from the inside on second floor windows.
Soon I have to worry about ladders and breaking your neck.
They'll even give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase, too.
Call Florida New Code Hurricane Shudders today at 954-868-4935.
That's 954-868-4935.
Florida New Code Hurricane Shudders providing South Florida Hurricane protection over the past decade.
Slide in local, near sports radio, 560-USUAM.
The mining tuner.
Here's a little number I wrote the other day while not duck hunting with a judge.
Thank you very much, the FCC.
Thank you very much for finding me.
5,000 bucks a few.
So I'm really out of luck.
That's more than how your deflice was judging me.
So thank you very much, the FCC.
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Clear channels, a dear channel.
So how it's done must go.
A turn-e-general Ashcroft doesn't like strong words and so.
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs per Russian mo.
So thank you all so very much.
So thank you very much.
Dear Mr. Bush.
For your rowy curly sitting on your tush.
For Halliburton and Ron all the companies who hail.
Let's send them a clear signal, amstic Martha straight in jail.
She's an upper-tier rich rich, and at least she isn't.
So thank you all so very much.
So thank you very much, Chay-E-Too.
Thank you and everything you do.
Your pace may come as we are paid.
You haven't got a lot.
As far as I'm concerned you're just a pasty face, though far.
And as for Condoleez, a she's an intellectual.
So thank you all so very much.
So thank you very much, EPA.
For giving all the laskers oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my hunger.
The ozone's a no-go zone now that Arnold's here to save.
The nuclear intercaims are going to pay plays in LA.
So thank you all so very much.
So what the planet fails, let's save the great white males.
You won't sell that very much.
From 48, it's good thing Eric and Idle, you know what?
Yeah.
Hello? I'm here.
Okay. Readin'?
I just thought I'd get a more enthusiastic response.
It's such a great fit and you'd spend hours of an incredible work
taking the effort out of there.
How many times?
At least if not more than that.
I think that deserves to be played once in an hour for the foreseeable future.
That's so great.
All the way to campaign time.
Here's a facts from M who says Jim DeFeedy will occasionally give Rick
to a beautiful thing in the Harold.
Oh yeah, right.
Like once since he's been there.
In fact, the only meaningful thing he ever wrote that I can read.
I think there was one good one.
But that column about how the Harold used to be really great when we could afford it
and now we suck and we don't have any kind of a staff.
I mean, that was just pathetic.
A major market alleged newspaper,
I haven't even one of their main newswriters,
Big Fat Jim DeFeedy putting a thing in there about well.
Back in the day, we used to be like a real newspaper.
Now we just suck and we just panned it to a bunch of a no-speak English
but anabode people.
That's pathetic.
Honestly.
It says occasionally that it's when a good idea can squeeze through all the fat
pinching his spine will come on.
Now you're getting a little closer.
That's it.
Then it says Dr. Joy Brown on WIOD.
Question Mark Lendrek is still proselytizing from 9 to noon on SUX-10.
God, I hate that station itself.
Tommy says there's a guy downstairs with an umbrella.
Is it really?
Is it raining out there?
No, it's not raining.
I'll be done.
And there's an umbrella guy.
How do you like that?
Sure, I show up Gregane in the building.
Oh, you're bad.
Anyway, here are some good news.
Okay, for those of us who are the anti-bush crowd,
which is a growing number,
they just showed on the cable Nazi network a little while ago
the comparative numbers.
They spent quite a bit of time on that with their Harris.
Now, that guy's a Gallup pollster, which are right wing anyway.
So if even he's admitting it, you know Bush isn't a lot of trouble.
They show the comparative popularity and approval ratings of Papa Bush and the W.
At the same time.
And it is even much worse than W than Papa.
And you saw what happened to Papa and then I need to election, didn't you?
All right.
Anyway, ads apparently help carry catch up to Bush in 17 states.
This is from somewhere, USA Today.
The $25 million in TVS, he's run on the past two weeks.
He seemed to have helped pulled Senator John Kerry even with President Bush in states
likely to decide who wins the White House in November.
A USA Today CNN Gallup poll done Friday through Sunday.
This past weekend showed that in 17 states considered to be key to the race.
Kerry and Bush were tied among registered voters.
Oh, by the way, we got bonus boobies for people who don't care about the election
who aren't, you know, the punks.
We got bonus boobies on our website.
Kerry spent $25 million there, two biographical ads in most of those states.
In mid-February at the height of his success in Democratic primaries,
Kerry had a 15-point leadover Bush in those 17 states.
But by late March, Bush was already ahead by 10 points.
Political scientists and communication experts said at the time that the Bush campaigns,
mostly negative TV ads, along with Kerry's relatively small ad presence,
were serving Kerry in the polls.
But now, Kerry has been doing better lately in the battleground.
States and my guesses, his ads are very important.
And that said, Adam Climer, political director of the National Annemburg Election Survey,
the project of the Annemburg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania.
Member Walter Annemburg, who founded TV Guide, who used to be a great liberal intern
and did a right-winger.
That's him.
Yeah, he's dead.
Nationally, the poll also shows Kerry and Bush in a statistical tie for the third survey in the world.
They were separated by less than the margin of error.
Among likely voters, Kerry was at 49 to 47%.
They still don't mention NATO in this.
And I, and I, I mentioned it the other day, I want to say it again.
All this crap about, while, you know, NATO is this, and they're right.
But the fact of the matter is if he's going to be the anti-war candidate,
Kerry better get with it.
He better start hopping aboard.
Or just hopping.
The so-called battleground states are critical of the election.
You know how many it is?
About 30, man.
About 30 states are considered to be locks for one candidate or the other.
That makes the competitive states crucial to the goal of letting the 270 electoral votes
that takes to become president and how many you need to steal and the cheat to get in there.
The 17 states in the USA today see in the Gallup poll break down account for 181 electoral votes
or 33% of the 538 per grabs.
And it goes on.
On since the American people are just beginning to get to know John Kerry and learning about his
plan to make the country strong and Kerry spoke to him and Phil Singer said,
I wonder if he's related to Phil Saltsman.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
Let's take a peek at that poll before we start taking some more of these fantastic calls,
because they've been pretty good today, relatively speaking.
One morning radio showed you listen to most before 10 in the AM.
Joe Rose, 139.
Oh, right.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
Here's for a little dog.
So this goes to show you.
Now, when we take in polls, remember when the first team got blown out.
And we took a poll who was the weakest link in all this other crap.
And, or no, actually, the poll we took was who did you want to hear the most?
And it was Defo.
Well, Defo's on an 850 thing, I believe.
You know how many listeners he's got?
About 30, man.
And he has no audience.
All right?
They got a big signal there, but they have no audience.
They don't even show in a book.
See, the weak links on the first team were Defo and at shrill voice,
Geldie, that was the weak links.
But Joe, all by himself, those two hours, he's got a pleasant personality,
at least on the ear.
I mean, in person, he wouldn't think so.
But on the ear, right?
Yeah.
I mean, a little bit of a backstabber, but he's a great guy in the audience.
What?
What the fuck the fuck was Joe?
That was.
Right.
Even Nemo used to like Joe.
Absolutely.
Until Joe admitted what a clown moe was and hated him like,
poor thing, that was the end of that.
Anyway, Joe rose 139.
He is kicking big fat smelly ass.
None, 128.
Got 128 people do not listen to any radio before 10am.
Not even to let it warm up.
NPR 127.
So there's a real good battle there.
And then it's way, way down.
You see that?
You see the drop off there?
Big clip.
Holy moly.
Bob and Tom 40.
Paul and Ron 36, those daughtering pair.
That's pretty interesting.
And I think, let me just tell you this, because we got the bonus boobies and
Cuss Paul and young Ron gave us such great promotion this morning.
We're getting phenomenal results on our website today.
I mean, everybody in their brothers like to incarwheel.
That amazing.
Plus all the Paul and Ron's relatives are voting several times.
They still only got 37.
Well, how are David and it's way, see there's another gigantic clip.
Another huge drop off from Paul and old Ron all the way down to Mohawar
David with only 16.
That's we got.
That is embarrassing when you think.
Yeah, I'd be embarrassed.
WRFX Dan Silio's got 10.
He's almost up there with Mo.
Francisco Arruka's got 10.
Now he doesn't show in English, right?
Yes.
That's another reason they hate him.
Election Terry got 8.
The coast has got 7 time.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
A Lazer Recharge is part of their individualized service office.
You ain't no questions as satisfaction.
Why don't you T2?
So we need toner, cartridges, any of these other supplies.
Pick up that phone and call just Bob from A Lazer Recharge at 1-800-287-9212.
Get it right.
Log on to A Lazer Recharge.com or call that toll free number today 1-800-287-9212.
My, my, and loco.
This is 420560.
Way, way, yeah.
A LONDON DUE HOUR.
This is the Chalde Show, Doc. The Chalde Show, Doc.
Hi everybody, welcome to the Chalde Show, Doc.
I'm going to change the facesports radio, because now I'm the voice of a PENTAG.
And an elephant of modern radio.
Oh boy!
DAAAHHHHH!
I get likes to do here, like, uh, talk to the same three callers about sports.
And uh, sports? And uh, sports.
I even got lots of hilarious company things.
Coach, coach, coach, coach, I'm a coaker head.
DAAAHHHHH!
Take that, Mo!
They're old cacka!
DAAAHHHHH!
I understand now, with my own two-star, when I was a spy, you were a step.
Now you're the bum! You can't hit me no more!
You can't hit me no more!
I can't hear you!
You're on the radio, you moron!
Oh, I'm a...
Hey, look, uh, maybe I was a little out of line.
The things I said, uh, hit you...
Like that.
Yeah, they were. And I'm not gay!
You are right, now, isn't it? An orphanest.
That big fat old guy, they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do,
but he's not you.
Ah, that's so sweet.
You make me almost want to come back with you.
You can get oldie.
Yes, but they, my life, was filled with joy.
You can get oldie.
And now I'm stuck when I go on a lovin'
to be going, you're my best sidekick and oil.
I miss how you talk like a girl.
Elderly, you're spoiled, hold you.
How?
I miss you.
You know what?
My soul, oh!
That chair's out come back, you're my TV!
Oh, oh!
I ain't waiting for you to smack on the floor, not stingy.
That doesn't mean you have a good time.
Why you waitin' on the unemployment line?
Why you have a little man call me from?
I'll show you with a phone.
Why you upstairs? You can't help it.
Ow, ow, ow!
104 at 560 W.
We got the big press conference.
The Panther Press Conference at 2.
That's my comment.
My king and the new GM Jacques Martin, the new coach,
Gelly Gelsing, the new radio broadcasted.
Any interest?
No, I didn't think so.
Now this thing that you faxed me from one of our listeners
at U of N, which is shocking to begin with,
it's great except you only faxed me the first page.
Right, because there's five more pages.
Oh, there's five more pages?
Yeah.
Oh, like I said.
And then I went online to like figuring there was one more page
that was gonna print it out rather than burden you
with having to faxed me anymore.
Oh, no, no.
And I go online and screw up the whole deal and not rebooting.
So I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Three more pages.
Huh?
Three more pages, I'll know.
Yeah, but it's very small print that would take hours and hours.
Thanks anyway to John at U of N Department of Psychiatry, no less.
Wow, we could sure use that over here, can we?
A Q&A?
Oh, brother, whole battery of shrinks.
Couldn't solve this place.
Uh-oh.
Uh, no, no thanks.
Boy, it's a good thing you told me that because it says,
uh, no, it says your thing has got one printing job you want to do.
And I said, I don't think so.
Now that I find out there's 85 pages.
Here's some important stuff, not MTV Networks to launch logo.
The new television network for gay and lesbian viewers.
Advertises supported cable network, the Miss Original.
Uh, what was that?
Original something acquired programming.
They left a letter off of here.
This is embarrassing.
What is this on?
This is on, uh, something.
US Newswire logo, a new cable television network targeted to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered viewers.
LGBT.
I thought that was a sandwich.
Will be launched by MTV Networks to Division of Viacom Inc on February 17th, 2005.
Got it?
Got it.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me, uh, get, okay, okay here.
Gotta get my thing back.
You're okay, yeah?
Now it says the new channel will be advertised as supported targeting primarily gays and lesbians 25 to 49 and will provide a mix of original and acquired programming that's authentic smart inclusive and open-minded.
Logo will launch in markets across America, including LA, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Atlanta, San Francisco,
though national cable operators, including time Warner, cable RC and additional distributors that'll be announced in the coming weeks.
Logo joins Viacom's roster, popular highly targeted cable networks, which include MTV Comedy Central, Black Entertainment Television, and Spike TV.
What the hell is that?
Spike is the network for men.
It's not bad.
Well, what do they got on?
It used to be TNN.
Oh, you know, like the A team and stuff like that.
The team, eh?
So anyway, then you got the MTV as making a fact network.
And now, guess who else is starting a new magazine?
I'll give you a clue.
A game magazine.
Don't get it.
Now a little butchered in that.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Oh, uh.
Says I can.
Now what is this in?
Oh, this is on the Fox website.
Oh, brother, I wonder what Paula drives right up front.
Says I can tell you exclusively that O'Donnell is working on a prototype for a magazine that will target gay families.
Oh, my God.
Tendively titled R Family, the new magazine will be subscriber based and distributed by LPI publications.
The same company that publishes gay publications like the Advocate out and out traveler.
Oudonnell is already author of a monthly comment the advocate called R Family.
Giving you a new magazine might seem like a bad idea for O'Donnell considering her catastrophic experience with publishing Rosie with Guru N'Jar,
but O'Donnell will own our family outright with LPI doing the back office work, the back office work and distribution.
That's a bad choice of words, I think.
She'll not only have editorial control, but already has had a dutertion, the creative director who worked on Rosie.
It was fired by Guru N'Jar to work on the R Family prototype.
In the end, the R Family should look and read a lot like Rosie.
It'll be a lot of pages.
It'll be fat.
It'll look and read a lot like Rosie.
Let's see, here's the facts from somebody who says Dr. Jard Brown is not on WIOD.
Would you get that idea of fat?
It wasn't fat Eric.
Some listening out there.
Don't be blaming Eric for that.
He's got a lot of other problems, all right?
Cheese.
It's Glenn Beck.
She used to be on WGNO.
One point Dr. Joyce, the kind of radio head shrink you hear way up on the A.M. dial.
The type of station that would carry Bruce Williams.
She used to play Pinochle with Methusla about 100 years ago, 100,000 years ago.
So there's the deal.
You got Glenn Beck.
So we ought to put Glenn Beck on there too, right?
Right.
And we can't hear what Dr. Jard Brown has to be up to Eric, who's probably very insulted by this.
And I don't blame him quite frankly.
With some goofball listener that facts it in, of course, what the hell do we know about Dr. Jard Brown or WIOD?
I've also seen that station in the years.
In the years, probably since we worked there practically.
What's the purpose?
Huh?
No, no, seriously.
What would you listen to on that station?
Unless you're one of those pill-popped ditto heads, which I don't want any part of that.
What else?
I didn't know.
I didn't listen to the Schmidt Meister a couple of times, whose rush light, you know, rush junior.
And like I told you, strictly Tampa radio.
Yeah, never heard of it.
And then come to fight out.
He's doing the show from FLA in Tampa.
Well, you can smell Tampa radio a million miles away.
It's all got that same aroma, the same flavor.
It's right.
Yeah, the same Yahoo, the pressing kind of crap.
And he thinks he's got the broadcast right here.
Oh, you got a big number.
Who cares?
He sucks.
One morning radio show before 10am, do you listen to most?
That's our poll question right now.
The Joe Rose 156 NPR 142 Nunn, 138 Nunn, radio silent.
It's dormant.
It's dead.
And then way down, Bob and Tom 43, Paul and Ron 41, their catch in Bob and Tom.
That's it.
It's great.
That is outrageous.
That's a national scandal, if you ask me.
Mohawi David at 17, Francisco at Ruka 12, and Dan Silio at RFX 12.
And Lexington, Terry 10, everybody else, single digits.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Not there.
Boy, these people are impatient today, man.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a couple of things for you.
Number one, that was a great bit.
Not the last one, but the one that was singing you for.
And I have a suggestion for one of your polls.
I just marijuana be legalized.
Oh, that's pretty revolutionary.
Should marijuana be legalized?
How do you like that?
Can you believe a suggestion like that for our poll?
How many times have we done weed poll?
30, man.
Yeah, cut the crap out.
Okay, we're smoking some bad crap, obviously.
Georgia hook you up.
There's this barbershop around the country.
They don't look up at the battery.
And maybe I have no life.
Wouldn't that be revolutionary?
What do you think?
Yeah.
Mirror want to be legalized.
Oh, man.
I wonder how this audience will put it.
That is pretty, that's pretty revolutionary.
I don't think we can do that no more.
Man.
But anyway, I'm sitting in Ontario, Canada,
where people are smoking it out openly,
just about nobody really gives a crap.
And soon it'll be legal.
And, you know, and they got the gate weddings going on.
And over there in Quebec and in Vancouver, right?
And nobody is like falling off the tall buildings because of it.
It's a different world.
You just cross the border, baby.
You just cross Lake Ontario.
You swim across from Rochester, or of course,
if you're smart, you get on that new ferry.
You hop on the old ferry.
In fact, when next time,
comes up the visit to Toronto, he said,
that's how he's going to get here.
He's going to fly to Rochester,
and then hop on the old ferry.
Go, I'm high.
And look.
Right, those sports rail 560.
You're way, way, yeah.
Absolutely.
I have no rights.
Oh, where'd I?
Oh, here we go.
And I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
I'll go to Germany.
I hope to know the night.
I hope to know.
I hope to know.
And I hope to know.
I hope to know.
And I hope to know.
I hope to know.
I hope to know.
In the afternoon.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man goods
Oh, my daddy was told me so you'd be hard-working man.
My mama, she was told me so you'd be there again.
She said one day, I'm gonna tear my skin to me as it is.
Ah! Hardwoodswood and hardwoodbanks, just take care of it.
That's why I hope to know it every morning.
Oh! I hope to know it the night.
I hope to know it any afternoon.
It's making me feel alright.
I hope to join this time of year, and do it time of year.
I hope to join people, and hope to join.
And then I hope to most, those who join.
That's what I do.
Oh! To join.
I hope to join with me every morning.
Oh! To join.
I hope to join.
Oh! To join.
Hey, would you rather go to join someone?
Or rather, she's your homework.
Oh! To join.
I know you're gonna say that.
Oh! To join.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh! To join.
Oh! To join.
Oh! To join.
120 at 560 W. Kramer's a fax.
Too late to apologize.
Okay, scoot us all up.
Says, okay, so I was wrong about Dr. Joy Brown.
I don't listen to her.
So after some research coming to find out,
she's on 1230 WBZT from 6 to 9 AM,
which again is a Palm Beach station.
Anybody in Data Broward care about WBZT?
No.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
People listen to stuff or don't listen.
They don't even know what they're not listening to.
Right.
Why would they suggest that if they didn't listen to it?
Because just to show us how smart they are,
and then they got to what Paul is doing.
At least they had the balls to retract with the fax.
Now, poor Eric has got to go and get rid of that WIOD thing
next to Joy Brown.
She's got five freaking votes.
But now that's gotta say WBZT,
as opposed to WBZ.
How's Carl D'Sou is doing?
Is he still alive?
Oh!
How about Dave Manard?
Jefferson K.
Jay Dunn.
Huh?
Larry Glick.
Anyway, what?
You know something just to see if nothing else.
It would be one thing if I weren't involved in the business
making my livelihood in it,
but even just as an observer,
to see the way that the radio industry has just gone
from what it used to be with all the personalities
and the whole ambiance of what it was
to the piece of crap that it is now.
It's just pathetic.
And then there are those,
oh yeah, all you old folks,
you're always living in the past.
Things were better.
And you know something back in the day they were better in this industry.
Even you would agree with that.
Back a few months ago,
as a matter of fact,
in this town radio was phenomenal.
Yeah.
Yeah, QIN.
Back when it was a real radio station in F.A.
When?
Right.
Even Y100.
These were ground breaking radio station.
WM-LIQ.
Those were the days.
Back when Rick Casper,
I mean, Dick Casper was doing something.
Hey, Jackie, you're an idiot.
You got to be the laziest man on a face of the Earth, Chica.
Just it would take a little bit effort to write some of this stuff,
so he just won't do it.
Hey, does he tell you how to do your job?
No, that's why I'm doing it better than he is.
Schmock, you're an idiot, Tom.
You're just pathetic.
I just, I give up on you.
I will not be faxing emailing, calling.
I just, I wasted my time.
I really feel bad.
I feel like, I feel unclean.
Having wasted my time with that,
the, the, the, simple thing.
The stick of the race track,
stick with a dog track that that's more right up your alley.
Okay, stick around with all the generic gamblers,
pungent your guts out.
Anyway, it's interesting to notice that Joe Rose is just,
I mean, this, this is a real fly-open, right?
I have no idea.
166 votes.
I mean, we always knew the little dog was, you know,
well, like he's on TV, they're on a channel six.
We don't call it NBC6, by the way.
I'm just a show.
Channel six.
That whatever the hell it is.
Channel six, like global people.
Right.
We know NBC6, like, like, like Tony Cigarero and at Bits
that wants to get driven in a limo to work every day,
that the sloppy, veloppie, of course,
supposed to respect them.
Who now do you people kidding?
By the way, Tony, you're still a silly goose.
You always were a silly goose, and you're still a silly goose.
You're a silly person, okay?
Quit pretending to be a news person.
Echvera news person, all right?
I know what I would do with him at Channel six.
I dump the bitch right now.
There you go.
Nice going, Joe.
Okay, let's play all the Joe droppings that we still can play.
Oh, we can't play that one.
I'm playing this one.
I'm feeling good.
You're well, we just played that before.
How about his take on Jimmy Cifilis?
He is one good looking guy.
See?
Can't play this one.
We can play this.
Howard from Boca.
In fact, let's try those two back-to-back, okay?
That would be cute.
Howard from Boca.
He is one good looking guy.
Absolutely.
That was good.
I like that a lot.
Anyway, nice going, Joe.
He's got those big numbers in there.
Maybe they'll actually sign a contract and get them on a payroll one of these days.
That would be nice, Greg.
You know, when I saw Greg there for the two-minute study came wandering in after he took a lot of pills to build up the courage on Friday.
And I said, boy, Joe did a hell of a job in there from eight to ten.
He had a big book.
Yeah, yeah.
I said, well, don't mess with it.
And he just gave me the kind of nervous grin and wander down.
You know, don't screw it up, okay?
And do not be trying to force feed the gilded one into that show.
Okay.
Bye.
If he's going to be on the iridol, keep it before eight o'clock when most people are still either asleep or shaving or doing the other S.H.S.
And just keep him off the dial.
Please.
56670560, pound 560.
I mean, Joe is doing just fine.
But we got these, you know, remember Grant Tinker from NBC.
We got a whole bunch of Tinkerers.
Always did them with this.
And remember back in the IOD days, that was their philosophy.
Mess with success.
If it's not broken, fix it.
30QA Am.
Hello.
WQA Am.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi there.
Hi there.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Looks like me.
Looks like you.
While you were talking about radio in this town and some of the great shows, why don't you bring back the burden?
Get rid of George.
Yeah, the birds dead, okay?
And hopefully you will be too soon.
Anyway, speaking of that poll, that guy, the guy to call before he just astonished me.
I'm thinking, once we do the marijuana poll, we can do like Friday something even more revolutionary, like paper or plastic.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Or maybe we're not ready for that quite yet.
Plastic isn't as good.
We'll work up to it.
WQA Am.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I would just call it to, if I could give me an idea on some hits.
The one that he has with the Matt Dogon, I want to bang you in the butt.
And then with Golly Gone.
I like to take a lot.
Okay, see, it's a good thing that I didn't, yeah, that I waited for.
It was over.
Yeah, it's always good to wait till it's all over to make sure all of it can go right in the can where it belongs.
Oh, that was a bad choice of words.
Well, that's what muffled a set.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line.
Welcome.
That seems to be popping up a lot these days.
You know, it's joined QA and pray Marlon's watch party starting at 6 p.m. tonight at the Pines L house.
You'll find that at 1 17 95 Pines Boulevard stop by to win prizes and Marlon tickets from Billy the Marlon
who was not John Routh or Ruth anymore and the Mermaids and popsicles and ice schools.
They might have some of them too catch the Marlins and reds tonight at the Pines L house and root on your Marlins.
It was funny because I look, I'm in a habit of looking into box score to see how many people were at the game and it was 17,000.
I thought, well, that's not too bad on a Tuesday.
The only problem was the game was in Cincinnati.
So call me stupid, okay.
Yes, nothing.
Right.
26 past 1 at 5 60 WQM if you're still, I don't be stupid yourself on your Macpuses worn out.
If you're still a little bit nervous about buying your bed over the phone, please don't be.
For over 25 years, millions of smart people have dialed 1 800 MATTR ES for the lowest possible prices on the best brands in the vetting.
The easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep.
There's no risk because if it's not perfect in every single way, just call them back for full comfort exchange.
It's completely free within 30 days.
No extra fees, no strings attached.
Dalmatian is ranked number one in customer satisfaction and they were winners of the 2004 that are business bureau local torch of excellence award.
When you call 1 800 MATTR, you'll get the best prices on the best brands.
Would delivery on your schedule and that to our window when it's convenient for you.
And the best customer service in the world.
So why would you waste any of your time and cash, schlepping from showroom to showroom? It's just insane.
Dalmatian has got the complete line of the best names in a business.
Silly, sir, to King Coral Simmons, temperate to even Sterns and Foster Hewitt.
From catalyst to it, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalmatian can deliver you the finest bedding around.
So just pick up the phone, make that one easy call while you're smoking a big fat one.
Call 1 800 MATTR ES or log out of their website, macriss.com.
Be sure and tell them that fat boy turned it into call.
I beg the local band of Andy's five cities.
Radio's all yours.
Thank you, Ian.
Let's up you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a fat tree pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
You'd use you to the torture.
Cause they're just playing their game in the past.
It had to be worse with the dumb who's saved.
130 at 560 WM just a half-hour away from that breathless Panther press conference.
Any interest?
No.
What's so ever?
Oh.
Well, then why are we putting it on then?
We already know what they're going to say.
What are they going to say?
Hey, by the way, Alan Cohen, thanks for destroying what was left of the remnants of the Panther organization.
You have really done it, man.
Maybe with good intention, but you know what they say about good intention.
Go to hell on a hand basket.
And that's what's happened to the organization.
And it's really something because these past couple of weeks would Tampa Bay winning the conference
and go to the Stanley Cup finals, people saying,
Oh, you know, Rick Dudley was the architect of this fine young Tampa Bay team.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and looking just a couple of years they're going to the Stanley Cup finals.
And look what he did there.
And he'll do the same for us.
He's gone.
You're fired.
Fire did it.
I think Mo had something to do with it.
You think?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Let's just say he did.
So they're going to, you know, they're going to like maybe try to shove him somewhere else in the organization.
And we got Mike Keenan back who wasn't good enough to be coached because Rick Dudley and he hated each other like poison.
But now Mike Keenan's going to be the GM.
We used to have VM.
Now we're going to have the new GM.
And that's going to be Mike Keenan.
And you know coach is going to be a frog.
Jacques Martin.
Well, I wonder if it's a boof hotel or a real frog.
Jacques Martin.
We did a fine job and auto one got screwed over because they choked and play off every year.
But nevertheless they had a very good team.
I mean the Panthers ain't no auto ascendant.
Believe me when I tell you they ain't got no Marty Hamlet or Mary and Hosa or all of these things.
They got a much better goalie though.
You following the stuff?
Hmm?
Well, you better because you got to get ready for the press conference.
You got to get in that Panther kind of mood.
We love the Panthers.
Where's Joe then when we need her?
Da da da da da.
Come on.
I'm ready for it.
Got to hold it.
Get the intensity.
This article here from today's New York Times that come to Pinkle left wing rag that I like so much.
By Elaine skew a skeulino.
God's place in Charter is dividing Europeans.
Oh, as a matter of fact, speak of the cast and over.
You know that's been in about me being an Amsterdam.
You remember a couple of summers ago when I did the first couple of shows from Amsterdam
and they were building the studios on a crevice.
But maybe three years ago, whatever it was.
And you remember him coming on the air and we got to spy reports.
Oh, Castan over wants to start doing a show from Amsterdam.
Even he can't even do original on that.
Good God.
That is pathetic.
How about doing your show from St. Augustine or someplace more appropriate?
Okay, since you consider yourself a daughtering old man at 44.
Come on, Polly girl.
You can do it.
You idiot you.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, yeah, he's going to do a show from Amsterdam.
I wonder if that was before or after he tried to get the job at QAM.
Yeah, that's a lie.
And let me just say it again.
I'll put everybody's life on her right now.
Okay.
We know that for a fact, including the calls that I had myself personal from PD Lenny.
So who are you, Schmitt and man?
And we finally held our middle level management people's feet to the fire.
And they admitted that he was in there sucking around for a job.
In fact, didn't he come in one day?
I don't recall.
I do believe he was rattling around a building there that one day saying,
Oh, yeah, the chief channel sucks.
We know that you're stuck with clear channel.
Okay.
Hope you're making some serious bucks because believe me, you'll need it.
And that said, I don't wish anybody in a business any yield even him.
Wish him all the luck in the world.
Like I said, he'll need it because it's the talent who bring in the money.
Not the sales people.
Nobody listens to this radio station because we got Todd Dreck and Fatboy on the sales department.
In fact, maybe we got one less listener because we got Fatboy.
Yeah, see?
It's the freaking talent that brings in a gang.
People on your couch, the sooner they hear Greg Reed or Mufflin Z.
Right?
Well, definitely.
They don't choose you, any soldier or a David Ross for all these other glam.
You listen to WRIOD.
Let's show the daytime our better.
You've never known it's by the way that they are from all we.
Those parts don't even know.
It's always a good boy and a sunny version.
Joe's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
I don't know by now.
Joe's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
That's how he gets in crap about any of that.
Okay.
It's with Hal and Fatbring and the money.
Are you sure?
It's that girl who's on it's house.
That's how the talent is moving out.
Everybody thinks, grew up and I.
Ah!
Tune in out.
Feeling wicked, sheltered, what we're listening for.
Our baby has never been better.
But all you'll ever see on the duty of the billboard
is the coast or the sports, or the weather.
It always angles or your sunny version.
Joe's a good guy.
They are a good boy and now.
Those are other listens to that other amps.
It's the talent that keeps the place running.
And every time, it's all they're going to tell.
That talent is moving out.
And twenty years later, you were up and I.
I'm going to have to do it now.
136.
24-till-2.
What's the good thing that it's just to play that?
I just love hearing that thing.
That's a cry from Hulker Brian had that old primitive equipment in his.
Recruits spent.
Wasn't that, yeah, that was way way back in the day.
Way back.
Yeah.
Before I spend Zidians a dollars to upgrade Hulker's a fantastic studio and making the little bald-headed human being geek that he is today.
I'm going, Brian.
This this week we just, I'm telling you this alone.
This is the only job that just made my life worth living right there.
That is one of the all-time best medicine.
And of course, that God's place in Charter is dividing Europeans.
I started to get to this and then I got sidetracked by it.
Oh God!
Paris, as the Europeans haggle over the final wording of their first constitution,
you'll be deviled by a three-letter word, God.
My numbing arguments over budget rules and weighted voting can be delegated to technocrats.
The issue of what the most ambitious document in European Union history should include a reference to the continent's Christian heritage is different.
An emotional theological wrangle over the meaning of culture, history and faith.
The reason I'm reading this is because it gives me a real good insight into the difference between European culture today and America with the Born Again Lunaticism.
And the countries that are running the joint, too bad that our call was so long when you sent me before because that was really good.
Thanks again to U.M. God, but it's too long.
Of course, we have a Judeo-Christian past, but the Constitution is inspired by a heritage that is cultural, religious and humanist all at once, Michelle Barnier,
France's new Foreign Minister, set after news conference of the Foreign Ministry on Tuesday.
He made clear that France would not bend to new pressure to inject religion into the draft,
noting that the Constitution should be secular, the current wording he added is well-balanced.
But with the entry of 10 new members in the Europe this month, many of them predominantly Catholic positions have hardened.
A lot of those hard Catholics.
The one issue European officials seem to agree on is that there will probably be no agreement on religion before a June 17th Semite meeting in Brussels,
where the Constitution's schedule will be completed.
Last Friday, the Foreign Ministry of 70, 25 European Union members, including two old members, Italy and Portugal, and five new ones,
Poland, Lithuania, Malthus, Lovacchi and the Czech Republic, sent a brief letter to Ireland, the current holder of the European Union presence,
he calling for a last-minute conversion.
The issue remains a priority for our governments, and for millions of European citizens, the letter said,
the letter urged a reference to the Christian roots of Western Europe, adding in less than perfect English,
the amendment we ask for is aimed to recognize a historical truth.
We do not want a disregard neither the secular nature of European institutions, nor the respect of any other religions or philosophical belief.
Granted, the Semite have meant no disrespect, but they know well that Pope John Paul the tooth is firmly on their side.
Earlier this month, of course, the 83-year-old Pope welcomed the accession of the ten new member states to the European Union,
underlined the Christian values on which the group's unity was based, far bison a goyem.
At a meeting of European Union foreign ministers and Brussels on Monday, the group of seven issue that texted their letter to colleagues,
we're not talking about reference to Christian values, but the Christian traditions, hence the way a historical fact that no one could change the Polish foreign minister said,
at a news conference in Brussels.
The week before Italy's foreign minister Franco Fratini said that all the seven were asking for was a small inclusion in the text that would not alter the preamble too much,
but other governments have insisted that the preamble of the current draft treaty goes far enough.
In its present format states that the European Union draws inspiration from the cultural, religious, and humanist inheritance of Europe.
Apparently in the gesture to Europe's Muslims and Jews, foreign secretary Jack Strab, written word at the Brussels meeting on Monday again,
singling out religious tradition, weren't against it.
What I just say, he weren't against it.
If we were to go down the road of making specific reference to one religious tradition, we'd have to bear in mind other religious traditions and reference them as well,
but then Europe he told reporters in his comments yesterday, Mr. Barney agreed saying the current wording reflects Europe's pluralism.
Oh, what a concept pluralism, pluralism, 30 word, that's almost like secular humanism.
Spain, meanwhile, here's some good news.
Spain, meanwhile, was to argue vociferously for the God in Christianity position, abruptly shifted sides when the Socialist swept aside the center by popular party in the general elections in March.
The text spains new foreigners, Dr. Miguel Anjel Martinez, told RFI Radio Monday is perfect.
He added Spain is a Catholic country, but at the same time, I believe that this is European constitution, our government's rather secular, and in this sense we want to respect the text as it currently stands.
Foreign Minister Yashka Fisher of Germany pointed the finger at others. I can't tell you which finger.
His own government, he told reporters on Monday, is willing to compromise, but several member states are not prepared to go beyond the current draft.
As a result, he said, I dare to predict, we'll have an unshamed situation on this point.
Mr. Barney, by contrast, declined to play profit, saying, when we speak of God, we should never say never.
Oh God!
What the hell has frog meant by that?
Don't forget to panther press conference, God up it to. I can barely wait to get out of here for lunch. I mean to hear that.
God, it's going to be great. And then tomorrow, man, we got exciting crap tomorrow. We got the Marlin game with the pre-game at noon.
Oh!
Yeah.
That is, boy, can you imagine if they played all season long? See, Hank gets the great benefit because most of the games are at night, and most of the pre-game's there like 630, some even earlier than that.
So he gets a real old brother.
Maybe I taught him a little bit too well, as he catched my drift.
141 at 560 WQM, speaking of fat people, if you're one of them and who the hell isn't.
Here's the answer for you. Or at least one of the answers, Delights of Westboker.
If you're on one of these zillions of low carb diets right now with your heart of an iron firecracker, whether it's the Atkins, the Sugar Boss, use the South Beach, whatever it is, what's that product's got the Susanne Summers?
Whichever one of may be, you need some variety in your low carb diet. And that's why Delights is loved by the people at shop there because they've got so many great items for you.
Now, many of the new reduced carb products on store shelves are geared toward just cutting back on carbs not on you losing weight, while who the hell wants to waste their time with that?
Delights of Westboker's expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting, and they've got over a thousand delicious products in stock with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can really help you out on your successful low carb weight loss plan.
The spring sale is in full swing. They're swinging it at the lights right now, so stop by.
There's staff, our experts in the low carb diet field and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to the A until 10 to the BN.
Delights of Westboker, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free. It's 1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, you're on web at slowcarb.com.
Lots of stores with very similar names, but trust me when I turn it, there's only one.
Delights of Westboker, it's your official Atkins retail center.
We're supporting you 5-6-E.
U-A-M.
Eccleague.
American girls.
And American guys who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables hog flying.
As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night, hiding under the bed.
I never served in armament, I'm too afraid to fight, though I sit right here near the TV far from live or old.
I, under their covers, you'll discover I'm a big slave.
There would prefer to have some other do the fighting for play.
Now this country I love is hockey-fying our rock, and all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack.
Have our tongues all pleased firmly in mussels big brown eye, the big mouth-cowards of the world who gladly follow fly.
Hey, Uncle Sam, up to a braid, to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist, and my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
Knocked in idiotic pseudo patriotic, and my view of the old ride world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you.
I'm an inbred jerk, who parrots anything they say.
Don't have to read or research, it's so much easier this way to watch TV or looking pictures.
Did you wish a today with my-
I need to stop it, I think.
As I tickle my brain, and Uncle Sam, up to a braid, to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I lower my fly.
So I can pull on my-
As long as I-
That's not right.
Reckham.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you.
You'll never guess what that bit is number one this week.
Abu Gharr rape.
Yeah, they're-
They like it.
Abu Gharr rape.
What is it again?
Abu Gharr rape.
Uh oh.
Well, let's go get them some help.
148 at 560 WQM.
Here's the facts from Gregory in Coral Springs says, I've been faxing you several years about the joys of XM radio.
Well, good for you, Gregory.
You can't beat its variety.
I wonder if he's kind of Jeff Gregory.
You can't beat its variety, not to mention its portability.
I have it in my office, both cars and a home, and the expenses minister will compare with the investment of high definition TV that you advertise on your show.
Well, that's fine, but we're still going to advertise it on our show.
We need the money.
Al Franken show is getting better every day.
And I was the equal of Georgia's efforts when you were on vacation.
You can't fight progress.
First of all, Gregory, I'm glad that you enjoyed.
I don't want to fight progress.
I just gave my honest opinion based on the reality of things and how many cheap fasts are out there.
And when you get into something for free, why would you want to pay for it?
You know, if you're getting late every day, why would you want to pay somebody unless it was really great?
See that?
That's the difference.
Now, if XM Radio is really great, and this business about Al Franken show getting better every day, Gregory, you must be one of the few people who believes that, because even though I don't hear it, I'm reading a lot of stuff about it, and they don't quite agree.
Desk it and contrived and scripted.
But at any rate, I hope for your sake, it's right.
For our sake, then Al Franken is the, he's the great leader that's going to take us out of the wilderness, right?
Into this sunlight.
Oh, yeah, we can only pray.
But I doubt it.
And the normal Kansas, maybe another three months, he's got the more inside scoop on it, or American aid looking too good.
Anyway, I got an article here that is so good.
This could be the most fabulous article about the Middle East ever written.
Nick Christoff, in the days, New York Times.
It's on our website.
The Bush and Kerry tilt.
It's not long.
Ready?
I'm ready.
George Bush and John Kerry disagree on almost every issue with one crucial exception.
They compete to support a myopic policy.
There's unjust that damages our credibility around the world that severely undermines our efforts in Iraq.
It's our Israel-Palestine policy, which has become so unbalanced that it's not a little more than the embrace of a right-wing jingoist who Mr. Bush unforgettable labeled a man of peace, Ariel Sherone.
American presidents have always tried to be honest brokers in the Middle East, Truman, Johnson, and Reagan, who are a bit more pro-Israeli, while Eisenhower Carter and George H. W. Bush were a bit cooler, but all aimed for balance.
President Bush tossed all that out the window as he snuggled up to Mr. Sherone.
Mr. Bush gazed as admiringly as Mr. Sherone responds to terrorist attacks by sending troops to bulldoze Palestinian homes and shoot protesters, and he dropped President Clinton's intensive efforts to reach a peace deal.
Professor Michael Hudson of Georgetown University described President-Middellis policy as a bumbling incompetence running here or there, but doing nothing consistently.
Our embrace of Mr. Sherone hobbles us in Iraq even more than those photos from Abu Ghraib, Iraqis in contrast with, say, Kuwaitis, genuinely sympathized with the Palestinians, and everywhere have been in Iraq ordinary people have asked me why Americans provide the weapons Mr. Sherone uses to kill Palestinians.
One lofty aim of the Iraq war was supposed to be to achieve a Middle East peace, but as retired General Anthony Zinny told the Center for Defense Information this month,
I couldn't believe what I was hearing about the benefits of this strategic move that the road to Jerusalem led through Baghdad when just the opposite is true, the road to Baghdad led through Jerusalem.
You saw the Middle East peace process, you'd be surprised with kinds of other things will work out.
As for Mr. Kerry, he's been generally sensible on the Middle East, but in recent months he has zigged and zagged away from his record, he used to oppose the Middle East fence, for example, to plant his own white kisses on Mr. Sherone.
It's too bad he doesn't have the leadership or to acknowledge what 50 former US diplomats wrote in an open letter to President Bush last month.
You approved that the United States is not an even-handed peace partner, you're unqualified supporter Sherone's extrajudicial assassinations, Israel's Berlin-Wall-like barrier, its harsh military measures not to pite territories, and now your endorsement of Sherone's unilateral plan are costing our country its credibility, prestige, and friends.
This endorsement is not even in the best interest of Israel.
Indeed, my guess is that Mr. Sherone has done more to undermine Israel's long-term security than he has her eraf had ever did.
Mr. Sherone's actions have knocked the legs off from under Palestinian moderates and a bolstered Hamas and Islamic jihad.
Mr. Sherone means well, he wants to stop terrorism, but his policies have led Palestinian-statern to Islamic extremists rather than secular nationalists.
Now even the popular front for the liberation of Palestine, a Marxist group, has found God and quotes from the Quran.
Particularly in the New Age when terrorist attacks could use WMD to kill perhaps thousands at a time, Israel can achieve safety only through a piece of agreement with the Palestinians.
A model is the unofficial Geneva Accord of last October, reached between courageous Israelis and Palestinians, the very people we should be supporting.
In contrast, Mr. Sherone and Mr. Erifat both display a blood-stained obteracy suggesting that they might as well have been twins separated birth.
They should be enshrouded to give this some modern St Helena, both are hurting their own people by undercutting moderates on the other side.
So let's hope that Mr. Kerry Zags again giving us a meaningful choice on Middle East policy.
Mr. Bush's break from the usual US role of honest broker is one of his most serious foreign policy errors and we owe it to Israel as well as to ourselves to fix it.
Israelis are far more critical of Israeli policy than Americans are noted in World Walker, Jr. former US ambassador to Israel in Egypt.
If your good friends won't tell you that something's wrong, they're not very good friends.
That's a great column by Nick Kristoff and maybe he's got his Zags.
Oh, he sounds like an anti-Semite to me.
That is great.
In today's New York Times, it's on our website. My wife or her visitor has some e-read it to you, whichever you choose.
Don't forget we got that big press conference coming up. There's John Kerry.
This morning was struck by the seriousness and the concern from this administration.
I also know that the key word that we need to focus on is the word when.
Remember that by the Kaelin twins, when in fact, I think Voka Brambroth been in.
If your carpets are in bad shape, folks call the experts at dry concepts.
For over 20 years, I've called these people in each and every time they've done a spectacular, unbelievable, unbelievable job in my house.
Not just on your carpets, but also on your draper, your upholstery, your area, your rugs, your flying carpets, all of these things.
Dry concepts is the best in the world because they dry clean your carpets, just like dry cleaning your clothing.
Sucks out the deep-down dirt, makes them look like brand new. They stay a vibrant color soft to the touch.
They smell em and fresh, they're drying a couple of hours. What's not to like?
And dry concepts never rips you off. No games, no surprises. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to work.
And right now they continue to make that special offer to you. When you call dry concepts, tell me you want to be on their stand violinist,
which will save you next to 15% on your next carpets cleaning deal.
So call them today tool free for a dependent job guaranteed every time. Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071. We're on the web. Find more information about them at dryconcepts.com.
The best in the universe at dry concepts.
This is course radio, thanks for watching.
You way up.
Lick it and stick it.
Absolutely.
Got an inside poll street 10.
Now she's gonna pay for it.
Cherry says she lied. They found her guilty.
Facing lots of time. I must say it thrills me.
I'm gonna say it's a good thing to see her take it out of the cup.
20 years won't be enough.
Dress her up and strife. Send her to sing sing. Put her in for life. That would be a good thing.
Oh, Martha. Well, they got you for insider trading.
And they'll send you away. Oh, Martha.
Well, we're laughing so hard that we're shaking.
What's your stock worth today? Oh, Martha.
We've got everything, but you're spoiling.
Yeah, they'll send you away. Oh, Martha.
You'll be sharing with them. They're still doing this.
With you, Selma.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Bye, bye, bye.
Check your Roger Show on Climax.com.
You and me for learning.
Attention, men.
We should like to feel relaxed once again.
