Hey Martin Bournemont, how you doing baby?
Rudolph Hess, Dr. Mangala Joseph Mangala.
Yes, Curables, Joseph Gerbels.
Who might leave it out?
Heinrich, did you say Himmler?
Heinrich Himmler.
I told you, Hitler.
Fascism is alive and well in America.
This is what you'll like.
If all the censorship that's going on, if all your favorite people being yanked off the
radio, if this is what you'll like then, by all means vote for the Bushmeister in his
Nazi band of lunatics again in 2004.
But if you don't want no more, I'd say I get them out.
Winning down Votemont before it's too late, before we don't have no more elections.
Howard Stern dropped from Clear Channel Stations.
So evidently they ran the old Paul and young Ron on Simulcats this morning being
creative as they are a cheap channel.
And of course their boy, John Hogan, not the driver from Pompoontopark.
John Hogan is a test to find before Congress that it's just a coincidence that cheap channel
has been firing everybody in sight and now banning Howard from their six stations.
The good thing for Stern, at least for the time being, is that cheap channel only hit
him on six stations all across the country.
The bad thing for the people in South Florida who liked Howard Stern's show is South Florida
was one of them, along with Orlando and Rochester and San Diego and Pittsburgh and Louisville.
I guess brother, we's probably pretty happy across the lake, you know.
I reckon no more Howard, at least for the time being in the rumor that we're hearing
it again, it's just a rumor.
You can't always count on rumors just like that bogus information we got yesterday about
WKAT and all that bankruptcy crap.
When you get a rumor, George, consider the source.
Okay.
I know I'm sure.
And just say, oh yeah, sure, whatever you say.
Okay, he's alive and well.
They're pumping out the classical hits and they're doing just fine.
Okay.
So disregard that, please.
And as far as all these other rumors, well, that's exactly what they are.
That you won't be hearing Howard Stern on big no-mole.
They haven't only hit a big staff meeting over there this morning.
With their sales department and told him, well, what we're going to do is keep old, huh?
Yeah, good luck to there.
Old, young, whatever they are, Ron and Paul, stale with everybody else's material on
big and then find a new morning show for Zeta and Howard, uh, bye bye.
Hey Howard, bye bye.
Absolutely.
How wrong Howard?
Radio station giant clear channel communication said yesterday it was dumping nationally syndicated
shock jock Howard Stern from its stations under a new zero tolerance policy toward indecency.
In dropping Stern from its six radio outlets, the carrier show cheap channel said it is
interview on Tuesday with Rick Solomon, the man who was filmed having sex with hotel
airs and TV reality star Paris Hilton in a video widely distributed on internet porn
sites.
According to the transcript of the show released by San Antonio Texas based cheap channel,
Stern asked Solomon if he engaged in anal sex and referred to the size of his penis.
Then a caller asked Rick Solomon, ever bang a famous nigger chick, what do they smell
like?
Watermelons?
And that was it.
Now keep in mind, by the way, this to me is the most damning thing about the whole deal.
Keep in mind that they've been using ever since the big edict came down.
They've been using four dump buttons and a 90 second delay in addition to which I'm sure
that each individual station has got its own dump button.
Correct.
So that means they have at least five opportunities to dump something if it goes over to line.
Is there any question that that stuff went over to line?
No.
No, not out of the curtain atmosphere.
No.
So somebody along the line, in fact all four or maybe five of those people or a whole bunch
of them on a had be candid immediately if not sooner.
Anyway, the action against Stern came a day after cheap channel fired Florida radio personality
above a love sponge after federal regulators accused him of varying sexually graphic material
on tapas, WSTV, FM and three other Florida stations.
Stern's New York Bay show is syndicated by infinity broadcasting, a unit of Viacom,
which also owns TV state and network CBS and MTV, infinity operates 185 radio station
station.
And like I said, most of the big markets, it's infinity like in New York, of course,
K Rock and L.A. in Chicago and Boston and the markets like that.
So it's really a South Florida.
And like I said, Orlando Rochester, San Diego, Pittsburgh, Louisville, small potatoes.
That for the time being dropped Stern.
A spokesman for infinity was not immediately available for comment of Viacom spokesman
decline comment.
Neither Stern's agent nor producers of a show immediately available.
We got some quotes from what Howard said on the other this morning.
Viacom president Mel Carmesan reportedly has imposed a crackdown on sexually effusive
material on infinity stations, declaring in a recent company, why conference call, this
company won't be a poster child for indecency.
At least not no more anyway.
The action against Stern came after cheap channel announcement, chief operating officer Mark
Mays, who's an anxious excuse for a human being, called a zero tolerance policy toward
material demon violation of federal decency standards for broadcasting.
Clear channel drew a line in the sand today with regard to protecting our listeners from
indecent contact and Howard Stern show blew right through it.
Keep channel radio president John Hogan said in his statement.
It was vulgar offensive and insulting not just to women in African Americans, but to anyone
with a sense of common decency said Hogan was in the fourth race at Pomphano.
The San Antonio based company, the largest US radio station operator with more than 1200
outlets, which of course is obscene in itself.
Said it will amend contracts with all all on air personalities, hold this talk.
He's financially responsible for indecent comments on air.
The policy changes are the latest taken in broadcasters who address decency concerns following
the February 1st CBS telecast of the Super Bowl halftime show, the big flap as Janet
Jackson's right breast was mostly exposed, not entirely, but enough online TV to get everybody
whipped up into a state of frenzy.
Hogan said if a DJ is found to be in violation of FCC rules, there will be no appeals, no
intermediate steps.
If they break the law by broadcasting indecent material, they will not work for a cheap
channel, he said.
Hogan, another broadcast executive, of course, just coincidentally are testifying today
before Congress about broadcast status.
It's just a coincidence that they can't bubble the last bunch earlier in a week and that
they dump Howard off their six stations yesterday.
Gordon Hodge, a media analyst with Thomas Wisell said he doubted the movement would
have much financial impact on cheap channel, given that it curates during the show in
just six markets.
He also predicted that other stations in the six markets would pick up strings program
it would be quite profitable for a smaller company, he said.
The only problem with that being, of course, that in the South Florida market, cheap channel
and cocks in the beastly owned just about every station on the dial and is any of them
going to put them on the air?
I sure can't see it.
Can you?
I can't see anything.
Are you blinded by the light?
I'm blinded by the right.
I see, blinded by the right is I keep trying to tell you folks.
This is only the beginning, this is what they have in mind, they're taking away all your
choices and the excuse being and nobody with a brain believes it, do they?
The excuse being, all that was about that, put us over the edge, that breast incident
that they're on a ride.
Oh, please.
I'm sure glad they're protecting us from the decency.
Holy to mulley, is all I can tell you.
All right, let's give the poll result from yesterday.
We got a lot of fish to fry today.
Bob and time are pulling back, too.
They're not going off the air thing, but it's because they're great.
But they're pulling back.
20, 247 votes on yesterday's poll.
Where do you stand on George W. Bush's proposal to pass a constitutional amendment banning
game marriage?
That's the important stuff right now, innit?
Oh, yeah.
I'm all for gays to have the right to marry, a thousand, eighty eight, forty eight,
point four percent.
I don't care about the issue.
It's divisive, five hundred seventy nine.
I'm against gay marriage, but I'm against an amendment, three hundred and thirty six,
fourteen point nine percent.
And I agree with the Bushmeister, two forty four, that's only ten point eight percent.
Pretty lame out of almost twenty three hundred votes, only ten point eight percent.
Would you say?
I would.
I would say.
Now, here's today's poll.
There was going to be like kind of wallpaper behind everything else that's going on today.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
I mean, the audience will fill in a bunch of choices on here, but there's a whole heavy
indie play.
We've got a big plate to look.
What was the absolute worst movie of the last fifteen years?
Now, the reason I had ten years and I changed it.
I'll be honest with it.
I changed it because I want it.
The real reason I did this poll is because I wanted to chance to rip a cent of a woman
again.
And I looked it up in my book and it comes to find out it was ninety two.
So, you know, so I made it fifteen years.
The absolute worst movie of the last fifteen years, cent of a woman, six degrees of separation
or the Blair Witch Project.
Those are the only three that were put in the other end of the beginning.
George thought six degrees of separation was just garbage.
Yeah.
What do you say?
But I think Blair Witch will win.
Do you?
I do.
I see.
And of course, the passion of the Christmaker, a few votes on there too, but we're not
going to put that on here until somebody suggested.
Some, you know, it's amazing how some of the networks are finding these, these suck-ups to
come on and say, oh, yes, well, it was really a very magnificent and it was poignant and
a broad, of course, the one woman at Kansas City, she, wherever that wasn't Kansas, or
was it?
The woman at Crow?
I think it wasn't Kansas.
No, it wasn't Kansas, but was the Wichita.
She's not going to be laughing about it too much or enjoying it because she's dead.
She had a heart attack and she died.
We'll get to that.
Well, the Lord called her home.
Is that what it was?
Yes.
It was her time.
And I'm sure she's in a better place now.
There's a need for Wichita.
Is there any doubt?
Almost any place would be a better place than in Wichita.
Let's see.
We'll get to this fact in a second.
But we got to do the break and we got to get into this new pool.
We got to boil the Bob and Tom's story and the dead lady at the movie and Mel Gibson's
a jackass, et cetera, and so on.
Nice going there, Michael Powell, you idiot.
And the FCC, a bunch of lunatics and like I told you, we're going to just read, you're going
to talk real nice from now on.
I mean, if it's anywhere near the line, if it's even close, if it rhymes with the word
duty, like beauty, what a beauty.
No, at rhymes with duty.
That's right.
So, do your duty and cut the crap.
From and it's after 10 at 560 WQM, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need, friends.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are absolutely incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted
points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are only $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you refinance or get you that new home mortgage from financial group,
you will never, ever pay closing costs again.
If you want all the information about it, call their new tool free number.
1, 866, 395 land.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your nice property with no further
cost or expense you pay.
Zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial
group.
For details, call this tool free number.
And like I said, never pay closing costs again.
1, 866, 395 land.
That's financial group.
1, 866, 395, LED, the Renekville Housing Lender, restrictions do apply.
Rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR.
Finder, local, this is five cities.
The radio's on yours.
You am.
Were you drudge packing?
Subpranodes, subpranodes, they're bringing them back.
The subpranodes, subpranodes, hey they sure know how to whack them.
I love it.
That's your feature eyes on those wise guys.
Subpranodes, subpranodes, it's better than that sex in the city crap.
Now Tony's alone.
He's been picked out of the house.
He stuck his hand in some other fraud's house.
Oh my god.
He commits crime sometimes takes a life.
Might even put a hit out on his wife on the subpranodes.
Who's the panels?
The subpranodes, they're back in town.
I forget about it.
Oh right.
See now let's take kind of gentler subpranodes a bit, right?
Oh it was very mild.
That's the kind of stuff we're going to be playing.
1018 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Here's the facts from somebody that's really pissed off and fired up.
It says I am so effing sick of this FCC censorship diversion.
I just don't get it.
Nobody has a right to watch television, listen to the radio, read paper, etc.
Yeah, now you're starting to get it.
Just like operating a motor vehicle entertainment is a privilege.
So what's going to happen if you don't listen to the radio because you think it's offensive?
How will not listening adversely affect the quality of life?
Well some crucial bit of data be overlooked or missed, of course not.
And don't drag the children into this argument.
I don't have any kids.
Why should I have to be responsible for your children?
The fascist Republican moralist maniacs are acting like it's an entitlement.
Of course they're supposedly against entitlements.
It's not.
If you don't like the programming, just block the channel from your TV.
That's what I do to Fox News, MSNBC, all the other propaganda stations.
I find them offensive so those channels don't exist in my house.
Better yet, just throw away the TV and radio, spend time with your family if you're so
damn concerned about family values.
He does have God damn, but we're not saying that anymore.
That's the last time I'm saying that.
If you're so damn concerned about family values, this is just a euphemism for justifying
hate.
And then he says the reason Howard is off third channel is because the past two days he's
been blasting bush in his ilk, saying he's got to go.
Well I'm glad that Howard finally caught on, but maybe a little bit too late, at least
for the people in South Florida.
Because he was sucking up to the bush, why did I say?
When you suck up to the devil man, you get the tail in the post.
That's what you get.
That's what he got.
By the way, let's see here a little bit about what it's Howard said this morning.
I'm sure we'll have some spy reports.
People listen on the internet.
Yeah, Stirron expressed a measure of frustration on the show today, which has still
been carried on station zone by Raffle Radio Network that distributes the show to major
market nationwide being infinity.
I'm not even sure I would talk about, I should talk about it, he said at the beginning
of his show, I could blow my stack.
I'm trying to be cryptic, he said later to tell you the truth.
I don't know what's going on.
I don't even know what's going on.
They're so afraid of me and what the show is represents.
The thing I just don't like about Clear Channel being forced to suspend me, it makes it
seem like I did something wrong on Tuesday.
They're being forced to say that I did something wrong, a caller called and used the
inward and I hung up on him.
I'm so tired of this said how it's burned.
He's tired of it.
And of course, those are everybody else.
But like I said, there are two things you can't afford to be.
Is not what I said yesterday in this business now.
Stubborn and stupid, either one stubborn and stupid.
And if you're both, it's a bad combination.
So in other words, if that paycheck, if you need the cash, now Howard don't need the
cash, he's a multi multi multi mid in there, he can tell him all the screw off.
Sure.
And if I were in that position, I would do exactly the same.
I'd say, well, you know, this isn't any fun anymore because we have to like dance around
the edges of everything.
Although I'd say that the fun part is being able to be here every day blasting these fascists
and at least we mean one very few voices in a wilderness who still is doing that.
So if that's all we do from now till, until whatever we can't do it no more, I'm going
to do it right on and tell it on the mountain.
I'm going to tell it on the mountain, watch it.
I'm watching it.
Nationally syndicated radio talk show host Bob Kavoyne and Tom Griswald, Bob and Tom
have made a career out of saying naughty things on here.
It says here, but from now on, they say they're going to be on good behavior and aren't we
all you bet.
Griswald co-host of the Bob and Tom show hurt on more than 130 stations, said he has
no intention of testing a zero tolerance rule on indecency issued yesterday by clear
channel communications, which owns the show's flag substation Indianapolis WFPQ.
We're going to do a show that a soccer mom can listen to with their kids in the car.
Griswald told the Indianapolis star for a story today.
Griswald and Kavoyne, Bob and Tom have built a reputation based on humor and music
lace with sexual innuendo and off-color references.
They've incurred one FCC penalty in more than 20 years of broadcasting and their show was
the target of a 1985 advertising boycott by a group called Decent Sea in Broadcast.
Right.
Griswald said it's difficult to judge what is or is not acceptable by tracking material
that's drawn fines.
The rules are very vague.
He said, and of course he is.
I'm so wrong in correction.
I'm not going to take the chance of anywhere near the line.
We pulled way way back.
Say Bob and Tom.
And the excuse for all of this, I mean life was going on.
Or here's one says the long was God.
I totally leave so the role of them played dead last night and I was right.
And L'Hongro, three shutouts in four games.
He's the best.
It says too bad they were mostly leaf fans.
They're in again about 30 Panther fans.
About 30, man.
Not there on freebie tickets from subway.
He says not going to get too excited about chance for a playoff till they string a few
more of the games together.
Also wanted to let you know that your good buddy Randy Motors applied a great drop last
night.
After Colnick's second goal, Mueller said, what's his name?
Your Ray?
Your eyes?
I don't know where Fulix named.
I don't want to read it.
Your Raya.
And it also says the FCC and Clear Channel blows his brain.
Right on Brian.
And of course the background for all of this, the backdrop.
Radio giant Clear Channel Communications yesterday announced a zero tolerance policy
designed to keep indecent material out of broadcast on its 1200 or so radio stations.
And this of course coming the day before John Hogan, the executive is going to be testifying
before Congress on radio and decency.
And if you expect, like I said before, your Congress people, if you expect Democrats
anybody else is going to stand up for freedom of choice and for people freedom of broadcast
is you're dreaming.
That could happen.
The difference being that at least when we had Clinton in there and somebody who wasn't
the right of a till of the Han, at least they had other priorities before we had Michael
Powell roll in coal and sun in there, heading up the fascist unit, the Joseph Kerbels
FCC.
Clear Channel is serious about helping it right.
Of course, meantime, Clear Channel has been raping the industry.
They got over 1200 stations.
They've taken away all the choices already, basically, because every market you hear the
same damn people.
Now the only difference being that the ones that you like, you're not going to hear them
in certain markets like South Florida.
Clear Channel is serious about helping address the rising tide of indecency on the away
as Mark Mays, President and Chief Operating Officer, send the statement.
As broadcast licensees were fully responsible for what our stations are and we intend to
make sure all our DJs and programmers understand what is and what is not appropriate.
Well, good luck to you, Mark Mays, because nobody understands.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
The policy will include company-wide training possible fines against DJs, automatic suspensions,
for anyone accused by the FCC of violating indecency rules on the year.
On Tuesday, Clear Channel announced that it agreed to fire up, that it agreed.
Now that's interesting.
You hear the wording of that?
Careful.
Agreed.
Now listen, it agreed to fire a popular Tampa Florida radio talk show host known as Bubba
Love Sponge, after deciding his wrong sheet show, didn't fit its standards.
Now, the way they didn't just put them on again, say, listen, don't do this and don't do
that.
No, they just agreed to fire them.
Who do you like your whole take?
The company said their contracts with honor performers are being modified to ensure that
DJ share financial responsibility if they broadcast in decent material.
CEO John Hogan said, from now on, every contract that Clear Channel enters into with honor
or tell them will include this provision, while that won't relieve Clear Channel from
our responsibilities of broadcast licensee, we believe it will have significant, determined
effect.
And there you go.
So the beat goes on, man.
And like I said, you can take your radio, your TV, your pop-up toaster, put them all
in the swimming pool, okay?
You can use an ornament in the pool, you know, like the rubber ducky.
You can just put your TV in radio in there too.
You can watch that float around.
Build something nice out of it like a fort.
Because this fascist government is trying to take away all your choices, boys and girls.
And like I said, in fact, you know what I'm going to do?
What do you do?
Well, I say, I know I have it here somewhere.
I'm sure I must have that cable TV thing that I promised I would read every day and I
haven't been doing that.
Oh, here it is.
Take it up.
Cable may also be targeted in fight against TV in decency.
Wallmakers week ago Wednesday raised the prospect of expanding the fight against in decency
on TV to cable networks for the first time.
Reformers who focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story said the anxious Michael
Paul because 85% of Americans don't get their TV programming from cable and satellite TV.
Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand its
oversight of cable TV because cable to say subscription service that doesn't use the
public airwaves.
It historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction, but in the aftermath of the Super
World halftime show, Congress may be willing to give FCC greater authority over cable.
Oh my God.
Wow.
And then we had the story yesterday about MTV and they're cutting back on this and cutting
this out and taking these things off their playlist.
You talk about freedom of speech, man.
It's ancient history in America.
Our the internet though still ain't regulated, which is why we put as much growth in perversion
on theirs we possibly can and good taste of course, of course, like today's lovely picture
of Tiffany Amber Thieson.
Nothing filthy about that.
It's not at all.
We mean.
Whole frame.
Right.
She never stole a freight train.
Nope.
So there's timber.
That's him.
Tiffany Anthony.
And whatever name is.
She's on it.
These and Rob.
These and them and see there he goes.
There he goes.
And I know exactly what you had in mind when you said these and those perverted.
Yes, I do.
I had the Bible and the he hasn't got a Josh.
He doesn't get a Josh will be handling the rest of the show for the rest of the year.
George is going to rehab.
Potty mouth rehab.
Oh, look at this.
A closer look at the new focus on decency and the latest on the newly released film passions
of the crime.
Right.
There you go.
Well, at least it's a third subject now.
Okay.
Howard Stern, off clear channel.
Passions of Christ and no fact marriages.
That's America for you.
1027 at 560 WQM if you want to get away from it all enjoy yourself and have some fun.
Palpato Park is hosting its biggest night of racing for the entire season this Saturday
5th, 28.
It's the Alec pre night.
It's a track headline by the 160,000 dollar final of the Alec pre pacing series.
But that's not the only action on the track.
Saturday's program has got the $75,000 Mac Low Bell trotting series final and the $50,000
Red Boat High Invitational.
In the first 4,000 fans of the track set at a starting at 6 p.m. we're going to free
aisle past t-shirt.
There will be free vacation drawings for trips to the Alec pre casinos in both the Luxembourg
city and our Lou Kayah on Gran Bahama Island, a free family fun night and live music too.
In this Friday night, February 27th is in tomorrow.
There will be a money machine at the track and fans can enter for free to win a chance
to grab a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers all throughout the night.
Easy to get to Palpato Park just to have a mile from both I-95 and the turnpike and
Palpato Park features free admission, free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday like tonight,
Friday and Saturday at Palpato Park.
Poker starts at noon, goes on the midnight, live racing gets underway tonight and the
night leaves 7.05 p.m.
So if you want to have a blast, this is a place to do a big weekend coming up at Palpato
Park for more info call at 972-2000 or go online at palpatopark.com.
The Hatsys are in the stand!
The night wing nights want to project this from ourselves.
You gotta watch what you say you better or else.
You must stand, you must stand.
The words police are monitoring every countdown.
They don't want to not say I'm hiding me.
Why can they say this? Come on to me to me.
If you are a pilot, you're a theoretical friction values.
If you do not confess to me, this will hurt some weird things.
We will kill you with the name of Jesus.
You will win this week's sake, not as we do.
The words police, they want a fashion fighter.
The words police, they want a person I said.
The words police, they want my symbol right instead.
The words police.
The words police.
Temporary 3 at 5.60 WQM, here's a fact that says,
I hope you are not next to be suspended.
Not going to happen.
Like I said, we're not going to be stubborn or stupid.
If you were, we can always hear a mischief here.
And how was the material on that God awful rotten polo show?
Stiller than last year's mocked a bribe.
It says, forget been loud and sudden.
This FCC is the biggest threat we have going on.
I'm 27 and I can't enjoy a G-DAMM chuckle in the morning.
You see how I did that?
Because of a group of old farts are deciding what I can and can't listen to.
This is Charles and 4-letter ill-beach.
Sorry, Charlie.
Gosh darn it.
Gosh darn it.
Those G-DAMM gosh darned, whatever it is.
I mean, this is gone so far that nobody, even yours truly,
nobody could have ever imagined the hysteria, the psychosis.
And of course, the best part of the whole deal is that the FCC now has said,
well, there's no such thing as community standards.
It's nationwide.
It's what the average adult will be offended by and find whatever.
And we'll decide what that is.
Right.
So in other words, that's code 4.
That's code 4.
We'll make it up as we go along.
We'll build this big gigantic highway.
We won't put any speed limit signs on it.
And we'll decide, you know, depending on how many tickets we want to write,
and how much havoc we want to create, and how much paranoia we want to instill in the public,
we'll decide what the speed limit is.
After you decide how fast you're going to try driving.
Yeah.
If we like your car or not.
Right. Or if we like your altitude or not.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Uncle Neil. How are you?
Okay.
I can know where I find Howard Stern offensive,
but I do something really revolutionary.
Yeah.
I don't listen.
Right.
Why is it...
I mean, I find Rush Wimbledon offensive,
but when are they going to plug on his show?
Oh, that'll never happen.
Well, I don't know.
Quite of all them drugs.
That's the difference.
If somebody said, you know, tries to do humor for adults, that's bad.
But if somebody's a pill-popper and a hypocrite and a liar
and just makes up crap on the air as he goes along,
that's okay because he's singing the company line.
Who are they kidding?
I don't understand where you're freedom, well, freedom.
Where your freedom of choice begins and ends.
I mean, I don't like certain kinds of ice cream and I just won't eat them.
Well, that's okay because if these people, if these Nazis have...
If it's up to them, there will only be a couple of whatever kind they like
as you want to...
And you'll be able to eat anyway.
I'm guessing.
I get really frightened to see where when my choice has begun and actually ends.
If I don't like something, I don't listen to it.
If they're trying to protect the children, well, you know,
but Howard's turns on when the children should be at school
and then you've got bigger problems than what they're listening to.
Your kids are able to listen to Howard's turn in the morning
and not be at school.
You've got something else you should be dealing with.
Right.
So I don't understand who they're protecting, what, you know, us from, ourselves.
Now Howard's been on the air for, I don't know, 20, 30 years,
at least syndicated for many years now.
And I don't see that people are jumping off tall buildings or committing suicide
or going out and raping women because Howard's turned as adult humor
and just like Bob and Tom are at this show, any other show that's on here
that tries to, you know, appeal to an adult mentality.
We can't do that anymore.
So the person who said, from now on, pretend you're talking to 70-year-old children.
That's what we've all been reduced to.
Well, good gosh.
I'm going to have to go wash my mouth out with soap.
I'll have to eat it.
Get that chlorox, honey.
Get the chlorox out.
Well, have a good day, Neil.
And you too.
Keep up the good work.
See you at the border.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on a AT&T.
See, it's called freedom of choice.
And of course that whole religion thing, pretty soon you won't be able to choose on that.
If you didn't like passion of the Christ, which most of the reviewers ripped in the ass,
well, then it's too bad.
You got to like it.
And if you don't believe in Jesus, guess what?
You better start believing right now because Easter's coming pretty damn soon.
And pretty what's it?
Pretty damn soon.
So, damn soon.
Sooner than you think.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, I'm a nail.
Yes, sir.
Okay, have a nice day.
WQA, I'm hello.
QAA, I'm my heartbeat.
WQA, I'm hello.
Oh, yes, I'd like to speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Downs.
Neil Rogers, that's me, yes.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't recognize your voice.
But we only have one Neil working here that I'm not sure if you can hear it.
I hope so.
We have single CEOs and Hoseys and Jorge's and Alimia.
Right.
Go ahead.
I wanted to talk about the nonsense with the FCC and my guess now.
I just think it is unbelievable that they are intruding on everything these days.
Yeah.
Yet for some reason, this president has decided that we should have a constitutional amendment
with regard to...
Gamers.
Right.
But for some reason, when he was elected without the popular vote, there wasn't a human cry from the liberals or anybody else.
They should have been there.
There should have been.
There should have been.
That's the problem is that the so-called liberals are a bunch of pussies who sit back and they allow themselves to be run roughshod over.
And this is what we have right now.
They should have been screaming bloody murder.
But they didn't.
They rattled their spirit a little bit and then they rolled over and played dead like they usually do.
Absolutely.
And by the way, I don't agree with many of the things with the liberal side or the conservatives.
I'd like to think that I have an open mind.
But when it comes to social issues and our bedroom and what we can listen to and what is decent or not decent,
I don't need big brother to tell me or anybody else.
I mean, basically what this amounts to is they're rolled in the clock back about 50, 60 years.
I mean, this isn't just reactionary.
This is insanity.
It really isn't.
I'm just shocked by the entire thing and then clear channel.
I don't know anything about clear channel.
But they take them off the air even though he hasn't been fine for any of the things they're taking them off the air for.
Well, it's just a coincidence, I guess, that their CEO has to testify in front of Congress today about the indecency in the media.
I guess that's just a coincidence and also the fact they fired Bubba the Love Sponge on Monday.
Well, I don't know who Bubba the Love Sponge is.
Well, he's a champion.
Did a really racy, raunchy show, but he's been in a long time.
Tampa's still functioning.
The city's still moving along and that's what we got now.
Whoever they don't want on the air to express their viewpoint, they're not going to be on the air.
Right. And if you don't like the guy, turn him off.
Right. Thanks so much.
Good luck to pal.
Good luck to us all.
20 till 11 at 5.60.
QAM. Don't forget now.
Big sale on the hip boots this weekend.
A hip-hop line in law.
This is 420 or 560.
You way, yeah.
If you're a skinnyhead or a watch supremacist, you know that the forces blowing the strings in the government are closing down on all those great websites we've become a gust of two.
Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the Month Club.
For just $8.99 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi, pastor-present.
The particular groups he hates and any subversive activity they may be planning.
So no matter what the race, religion, or ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the Month is right up your alley.
Just call $8.00 a year and head to order.
Order today and get your very own synthetic eight-off mustache to impress your friends absolutely free.
That's $1,800 a year and head. Order today.
10.45 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Get that goose step and then go on big time.
45 to be angled for that arm. You'll fit right in.
And you order that little mustache to paste on. They'll never know the difference.
I got a protractor just to make sure I get the right angle.
Look at that. We got 56 votes on Q56. We haven't added too many movies just to Mexican. I'm one of these facts.
The worst, positively, absolutely most grotesque movie last 15 years.
You're right. Blair Witch Project 38. Nobody will touch it.
Six degrees of separation. 9. Senate of Omen 6. The Mexican tree. Those humans we got so far.
You'll add some more. I'm sure.
In between all of our historian frustration. Vicky faxes and says.
I guess the only thing left to say is they've won shaking my head sadly.
Remember that time I revert a flag shaking my head sadly.
Mm-hmm. With his. Right.
Another gay female listener says, I love your show. I prayed the dog.
Those evil bastards don't mess with you in your show. I work at you and listen to you on the web stream.
I don't know what I would do without your voice of reason in my headphones.
I live in constant fear that big brother or sisters watching.
And I made lose access to your webcast. Please pray for me. We certainly will.
Lazy movie. She says the Mexican sucks.
P.S. I'm boycutting. Cheap Channel Ron and what's his name suck to?
Oh boy. There's an awful lot of that going around. I'm not really sure we can say that anymore.
Can we? I guess we're probably can. Well, how about?
They're not good. See, it won't even play it. And I'll put it stuck.
Wow, I had it that three times. Even my machine here, my computer is rebelling.
It's already getting reprogrammed. I think it's gone by the open viewer.
5 6 7. We got to get some more movies on his list. Plus, I'm sure a lot of people got many things to say
because they woke up this morning, discovered no. Neil was right.
He wasn't just getting carried away. He wasn't fun on us. He wasn't exaggerating.
He was right. The fascists have taken over. You got the radio police, the word police,
the goose stepping police, the gay marriage police, the J-walking police, the pot police.
It's a police state baby. Make no mistake about it.
You got the cover up the boobies police there. It led by John Ascroft.
WDQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Can I stick to Georgia? Perhaps you can help me. I'm looking for that one number for our ticket defense team.
1-800. 1-800-741-832-6.
741-832-6.
Got it. Thank you very much.
You bet. See, no problem. They're the best ticket defense team.
There's another example. Of course, the radar police. They're sitting back at a bush waiting to get your ass.
WDQA. Hello.
Yeah, I wanted to talk to Neil. Speaking.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I want to ask you something. Go ahead. Hello.
I'm listening. How come the, the, you feel that showing all this violence is okay, but showing naked women is going to be so detrimental to us?
Well, you see pandering to the morality of the religious right, the fundamentalist lunatics in this country.
They don't really care all that much about violence. Otherwise, they wouldn't be schlepping to see the past of the Christ in this two and a half hour crucifixion that goes on and all the blood in the guts.
They would be concerned about something like that. But yeah, sex is always the tool that they use. If I can say that, that's always the lever.
Oh, sex and nudity. It's just pathetic that America just refuses to grow up.
I know in Europe, they have all this nudity ads and they don't have over the air channels. You see everything you can imagine.
And nobody gets hysterical about it. And they don't have nearly as much rape there as we do. And what can I tell you?
Well, it's scary when I turned the ready one and I saw who was off the air today. I said, boy, Neil was right.
Yeah. And they're still working on it. Believe me.
Oh boy. See you at the border, man. All right.
Cuts that passport tight. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marla's line. If you were sleeping in this morning, Howard Stern take it off their channel stations.
Luckily for Howard, he was only on six of their stations. But one of them, of course, big in South Florida. WBGG, who, and of course this morning with a, they, they,
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they
or they no, they no, they no, they no, they
they no, they no.
they no, they no in crowd, they no in a喬 wooden house, they no earnings, they no in a large rammed area, no in the elections, any trade, they had a farmhouse, no one in a farmhouse, natural elsewhere, sacrifices, and grants, whatrooms, المعад生, increases, how do they....
what monopoly of rent?
also they give various fires in the United States and they give different fixes andicted.
including just repair construction and equipment, but right now, that that that, that that that that broken even sold down below perhaps $50,000, $ зависuses your strike or whatever debt you'reel, and that's $50,000%
Broadcasting community the tragedy is hit some at K.A.K.E. cake especially hard remember Michael cake
She was a former employee people viewing the movie at Warren theater
Eastay law collapsed during a portion of the movie where the crucifixion of Christ was shown
She died. Uh-huh a few off-duty doctors nurses who were in the audience tried to revive her
But when she was taken away in the ambulance authority say law still had no pulse
The movie's been criticized for its graphic portrayal of Jesus death
I've got a scathing most of the ones that I did read were a scathing but I got a really good one from the times little later
Religious leaders around the country and in which it was say people need to be prepared for the graphic brutality and whatever you do then take your little children
Oh my goodness
Whether law is death in the timing in the film are related will never know it says but religious and medical official stress
This film is not for the faint-hearted so if you got like a weak ticker if you have like an aversion to blood and guts
If you've got little kids stay the hell away. That's our best suggestion to you
I got marine dows good column to stations of the crass. It's great
Momentarily
WQA and hello
Yeah, okay good there you go. That's the mouth breather
Cracked on on your ass is what they ought to do take you away a screaming and yelling in a butterfly net
WQA and hello
Hey, good morning. Yeah, sir
Hey, how you doing? Listen, I said everybody calling with the outrage with grease band want to cut back on post-security. No
That's outrageous. Yes, it's a new line from you. I thought I was gonna cry. I eat a banana. I was furious
I couldn't understand this why is we working slush?
Is he gonna come and if I'm not mistaken?
All right people that we tired senators and governors don't they receive an annual income and that comes out of the social security benefit
Well, I don't know where it comes from, but they sure sell do yes
Yeah, and I'm saying
We just we just don't have a prayer. I don't understand it. Okay, really an often man. Just keep that in mind
Okay, I'm gonna add nail
Christ can tell you all right
Worst movie ever oh you're gonna be upset about this the only movie I've ever got up and let's just this fact
You're born on the 4th of July with Tom Cruise now. Why would they say that? I don't know. Maybe they're a Nazi
Maybe they're a warmonger. No, maybe they just thought it was too morbid or something
I don't know I was morbid
You told me to watch it and I did and I thought it was a pretty I don't want to say entertaining because it was depressing
But it was it was good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It was on last night on independent film channel here
I give up what movie I know. Yeah. Oh, oh, and I watched it till I couldn't watch no more than that because it was on late
And I went to bed because I already seen it two or three times see and it was still great no matter what you say
Okay, and the acting performances in that movie are so
Unbelieve in our sensational each and everyone up to it including Tom Cruise
It was also good including Tom Cruise
In fact that part of the movie was in there trying to get a hold him to go see dying daddy
77 votes and Blair which projects got 54 it's gonna win your right hands down
And remember all the hoopla that thing got all the hey
Oh my goodness. This is really a revolutionary and these young kids made their own movie and it's right
And that's why everyone's all pissed off at the movie. Yeah, because they're pissed off because they paid money to go and see that piece of crap
sucked in
WQAM. Hello
Pretty good
Listen, you know, I get a quick second of your time with this thing that's going on with Howard Stern
You know all you guys if you're talking radio I had to go through hell this morning of listening to
That Paul and young Ron show my god. We're famous in death. Oh my god. Oh, yeah, and you know
What's not what I found pretty funny is is
Ron Virgo got away with calling some lady that called in
I guess they have this date of the week thing and if they was luckily enough looking up to hear the date
But he got away with calling her a birdy little whore because some guy called up and said that he had you know
I guess had sex with her in his car now
What makes that okay for him to call some lady a dirty little whore on the air
Yeah, what you know the way what you guys talk about in the issues that you guys talk about it's not okay
Well, you know something I'm glad you mentioned that because maybe the sensors their achieve channel miss that
Maybe you won't be hearing them no more as of tomorrow. Oh, I hope not
I was trying my best to find Howard Stern on it because I listen to him in the morning and then I switch over to you
Right and it's just
It's this morning completely sucked
You know listening and they they have absolutely no idea what they're doing. They're over at Zeta with their morning show
And I don't understand how it's so boring scary. Okay. Good luck to us pal. All right. Thank you. Have a good day
You too
How do you like that?
Virgy little whore very nice boys. Okay. I guess they didn't get the memo yet, right? Right
Didn't get the memo in addition to which how come they had some guy on talking about having sex with some broadness car
You guys don't get it
That's that's in the past that's no mo. Okay
Let me give you a little a little ditty here. Okay. Yeah, not not not no mo
All the stuff that a lot of people used to do including me no mo
It just it just don't exist. You can be stubborn stupid both of the above and be fired
This is sunny fox. I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word asshole
Get a tower for Michael power the sight of Janik's feet
Thanks to power
So in dignity see that now the FCC
We're saving soul from nudity on the TV all right
And for the poor his daddy he would not be there
So now he has to care about what's on the air keep it in the stone age put your burger on today
And one TV the sunny fox American way in a tower
Or Michael power here the sight of Janik's feet
takes a power
Just a bite his position that he got through the Buddhism what a spoiled and competent square
11.02 at 5.60 WQM very unhappy Thursday to it. I'd say happy Thursday, but it's getting more and more depressing
They're just in a they're just uh foaming at the mile
rabid just like that William Donahue from the Catholic League
You can you can see the foam coming out of the edges of their pus with the flux of saliva
Here's the fact that says the absolute worst movie of all time Batman and Robin directed by that queen Joel Schumacher
See I wonder if he's a kind of Max Schumacher from network
PS cheap channels the anti-christ and of course you are absolutely
Right on target
But
Jays is the only movie I ever left pulp fiction boy. That's a good one. I was at there within the last 15 years
You'll have to tell me look at look it up
You got the book handy. I think it is fresh enough
Oh my
Fresh enough
You know what does that mean like not 15 years old. Okay. Well, let's take a puke at it. Okay. Yes, 94
Like he said what Josh is on top of it 1994
154 minutes Quentin Tarantino and guess what?
There's still a put mayonnaise on french fries and Amsterdam. Oh man
If you didn't know that before you saw pulp fiction and speaking of blood and guts makes it
the whatever this Jesus movie is looked like a piker
Piker I said okay
Let's see later watch the video just to give it a fair chance and regretted that says Jay
Meaning pulp fiction well now if you're gonna be hip and cool you gotta say you love pulp fiction
Oh, it was great. It was fabulous. Right. It sucked
So what do we got so far Blair Witch project the absolute worst movie of the last 15 years Blair Witch 66
63 is a separation 11 set of woman 9
Uh the Mexican 8 the crying game 3 poured on the 4th of july 3 Batman a Robin 3 and pulp fiction just went up
There 103 votes not spectacular because we don't have a good list yet
But we will we're gonna monitor and if not we got more important fish to fry for example
To give you folks an idea of the kind of really astute leadership. We have a Q. I. M
Buh
Arlesius program director aka Clarence Darrow is in the studio this morning for his usual morning visit
And I'm telling him about the stern thing and he said Howard who Howard now he didn't say that
What do you want to know why he doesn't really know much about Howard Stern because Howard Stern has nothing to do with
right
So there you go
So Clarence is telling me jokingly
That maybe what out of try one day just one day just once is doing a show on
Right I don't think he was kidding do you know he was not I don't think he really meant one day
No, you weren't looking at his face
Thank goodness. I was why still have a good appetite. No, I don't
Yeah, it's not gonna happen Clarence
We're not gonna be doing sports on issue. He got more than enough of the same tired old crap over and over again
Is this could gonna be a great quarterback for the dolphins or what huh?
He was very crestfallen when you told him no good
The answer is absolutely and get out of my face. Okay Clarence and next time get to check there before the van
And that's a new game they're playing to get to check there around the right day
But after well acted to a clock to make sure that they buy themselves an extra day. You're not fooling us
Maureen Dowd writes stations of the crash in the New York Times today. It is beautiful
It says forgive them for it says father forgive them for they know not what they do
Mel Gibson and George W. Bush are quoting bigotry in the name of sanctity
The movie maker wants to promote the passion of the Christ that the president wants to prevent the passion of the gaze
Opening on two screens W is stigmatizing as political strategy and Mel's stigmata as marketing strategy
Mr. Gibson who told I answer that he was inspired to make the movie after suffering through addictions found the ultimate 12 step program
these stations of the cross
I went to the first show of the passion at the lowest 84th in Broadway. It was about a quarter-filled
This is not as you may have read a popcorn movie in Latin and Aramaic with English subtitles
It's too gory hours of Jesus getting flayed by brutish Romans at the behest of heartless Jews
Perhaps fittingly for a production that licensed a jeweler to sell pub 99 nail necklaces
What's next chronophones prom tearus? I got the passion the passion has the cartoonish violence of a Sergio Leone western
You might even call it a spaghetti crucifixion a fistful of nails
Writing in the new republic Leon Weiselt here the literary editor scords it as a repulsive masochistic fantasy a sacred snuff film
That uses classically anti-semitic images. I went with the Jewish pal who tried to stay sanguine the Jews may have killed
Jesus he said but they also gave us Easter parade
The movie's message is Jesus says is that you must love not only those who love you
But more importantly those who hate you so presumably you should come out of the theater suffused with charity toward your fellow man
But this is a male Gibson film so you come out wanting to kick somebody's teeth in
In Braveheart and the Patriot his other emotionally manipulative historical efforts
You come out wanting to swing an axon of the skull of the nearest Englishman
Here you want to kick some Jewish and Roman teeth and since the Romans have elder in the history
Like Mr. Gibson Mr. Bush is whipping up intolerance but calling it a sacred cause at first the preacher in chief resisted conservative calls for
Constitutional ban on gay marriage
He felt as Jesus put it in the Gibson script otherwise known as the gospels if it is possible let this chalice pass from me
But under pressure from the Christian right he grabbed the chalice with both hands and swigged
Seeking to set a precedent and codifying discrimination in the Constitution a document that in the past has been amended to correct discrimination
By giving fuller citizenship rights to blacks women and young people
If the president is truly concerned about preserving the sanctity of marriages when my readers suggested
Why not make divorce illegal and stone adulterers?
Our soldiers are being killed in Iraq
Osama still on the loose jobs are being exported all over the world the deficit has reached biblical proportions
And our president is worried about Mars and marriage
When reporters tried to pin down White House spokesman Scott McLellown yesterday on wide gay marriages threatening
He spouted a bunch of gobbledy gook about the fabric of society and civilization
The polls keep arguing that institutions can't be changed when in fact they change all the time
Have any ever heard of the institution of slavery?
The government shouldn't be trying to legislate what sacred when bushes getting trouble
They look around for a politically advantageous boogie man
Lee Atwater tried to make Americans shudder over the prospect of Willie Horton arriving on their doorstep
And out Carl Robon's Americans to shudder at the prospect of a lesbian
Dick Cheney's daughter Mary say setting up housekeeping their store with her wife
When it comes to the Bush's willingness to stir up base instincts of the base it is as it was
As the Max von Sito character said in Woody Allen's Hannah and her sisters while watching a TV evangelist appealing for money
If Jesus came back and saw what's going on in his name he'd never stop throwing up
Ha ha ha ha she is great
Excellent marine doubt. It's on our website. I believe I think I put it on there
Maybe I didn't oh anyway, I just read it
5 6 7 0 5 60 a very sad day in American history
It's not just a Howard Stern thing. It's the whole idea freedom of speech is dead
Freedom of choice dead
Religious lunatics taken over the country. They've stolen it. They run it. They own it
They'll decide what you listen to what you can read what you can see what you ought to go see at the movies and a better be about Jesus
And you better like it
Line nine. It's always a treat WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing pretty good?
You know one thing that we haven't looked at here and it's kind of interesting is that our clear channel
Ones a large part of XM satellite radio right so
What about the playboy channel that they're putting on that or what about my god?
Bupa that might I don't know if Bubba's still on
Now Bubba's done. Yeah, I know he's done with clear unless unless of course he did
But they're not going to be the ones to make a deal to put him on yeah
I'm just thinking of Howard goes back on to one of those X satellite radio companies
What are they going to start doing now? You know, it's like they playing both ends against the middle
They get it one side. They don't get it the other, you know
Yeah, it's kind of like what Fox does with their right wing news and their cutting edge entertainment
You know to try to pretend that you know they're all for freedom and yucking it up
And then they put the fascist news on their run the clock as you say it's the American fukin way
Yep
Worst movie Superman 4 with Richard prior and Jonathan crier or something like that. Oh, I'm so glad I missed them
Okay, thanks a lot of pal I'm sorry right at the bridge the ambassador bridge come through from Detroit
Like I said, don't go to Detroit. Let's see here Sean has got a bunch of pull stuff
He says I try to see passion of the crisis today never made out of the snack bar
The snack bartender insisted on dispensing the spent seem at order of nachos one at a time murmuring the body of Christ before each bite
That's great
That's beautiful Sean. Can you add?
Prelude to a kiss to your pool Meg Ryan Eleg Baldwin. I rather see my own obituary says says Sean
Says your selection is said of a woman prompts a thought al Pacino otherwise great participated in that cinematic holocaust
How about a couple of pulls along these lines the worst performance by an otherwise good actor actress or the worst song by
Otherwise great artist group that's good Sean is a good pull my story. I'm gonna put that in my pool pile
Here's one that says the absolute worst movie of the last 15 years is the passion of the Christ to which we say oh right
Now I got some skating reviews in fact after the break. I got one for the New York Times
by a O Scott a Scott
And it's headline good and evil locked in a violent showdown
It's a beautiful thing
Here's George the repo man faxist at the FCC's like that El Castro tells you what to listen to when to listen and they talk about freedom
Please love you guys says the George the repo man and for you. Okay. Let's see matrix revolutions sucked as it says
Can we say that no? Oh, it sucked it was bad. It's
Not good. It was bad. You can't name one question brought up in the two movies proceeding with it that it answered not one
Worth till I've seen ever probably because of high expectations matrix revolutions. Okay, we got it
That's what we did in America's a revolution, but don't hold your breath. Okay?
Don't hold your breath
Because the public has sufficiently been whipped in the shape and they're very dacile and very obedient that all the
Corporations that are being slapped on a wrist now of course they wouldn't slap and run on the wrist or Halibut or back
Tell because they just sang the right tunes say they weren't purveyors of poured and filled
That's right. Remember everybody Kenny boy Lee who's been all his might of the right people
So you better go step in line a little bit better uh Mr. Maze okay, Lowry Maze and David Ross and PD Bolger the assassin oh man
And John Hogan of course who'll be in the seventh race at um
What's that track in the wingland rocking him oh?
Hey, you know
Hey guys speaking of uh something you know if your paycheck is not too great your life is neither
If you're not making any cash you're working hard, but going nowhere
Here's the answer for you pick up your instrument soon and call our friends at fast train because you really can change your life
Start you a new high-paying computer career and just for sure at months they can help you get yourself
Going the demand for computer professionals is greater than ever so call fast train today and find out how you can be one of them
Call one eight six six fast train with several locations all over town
You know that fast trains got a campus post by where you are fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify
With day night and weekend classes no excuses no more to stay the dead end job working for a puss
And like I said if you register now by the end of the summer
You can be working a real job with a big fat paycheck
So check them out on the web if you like first at fast train.com when you make the call be sure mentioned Todd Rex
Name they'll laugh their ass off called tool free one eight six six fast train
My life and look all this is for trade you'll buy 60
You ain't way yet
Hey, it's how it how it's family
It was on the Saturday morning exactly
But nothing good repair me when I'm not done rallies door
He was housing he was grumpy and in bad need of a
He was just about to put a cad into the microwave
I used the bathroom and he said he didn't care he was reading the
Sentinel in his underwear
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be and there was fix a crucifix a big throw off his seat
Oh ride in
Seeks salvation
I had come to mold along
But I found Jesus in
Rick
I
Lies
John
Yes, brother
Riggie changed my life up on that big old thing
Cos by the time I washed my hands I'd washed my sins away
Now I learned to be intolerant
I'll wash that Robert son and I'll vote for that
You can't even even be dissonile
I'll pretend to be a hipster
But my liable days are gone
Cos I found Jesus in Rick
I
Lies
John
Absolutely
I don't think I could say that no more it's a good thing we can suds aren't on the earth
They said butload once I think that'd be the end of it wouldn't it?
Yep
Just one time.
Back home. Yep
1118 at 560 WDQM very a moderate Thursday to 8 don't smile too much
Worst movie ever saw with a decent cast that'd be hard rain
Starring your anxious at least favorite Christian Slater
Morgan Freeman and many drivers
I played in the video party one day in literally was almost beaten up by my guests says this fixer what?
I thought they said decent cast
Moving right along
Worst film from Justin Dekelli oh I can't even begin to imagine that wow what town you dealing with there?
Oh, Justin for me we had to disqualify Superman 4 as much as we wanted to put it on there because it didn't make the 15-year cut
Ah what a shame
That will keep it in mind okay, we give it honorable mention
Somebody says wild wild west with Kevin Klein and Will Smith
And who are we to argue not us because if Will Smith was in it then automatically I say most likely in spite of the robot spider
I see
Here's what we got so far the absolute worst movie last 15 years Blair Witch Project is just so far ahead. It's a joke 80
80 out of 151 that man in Robin 11 6 degrees of separation 11 the Mexican 10 sent of a woman
Nine the crying game eight born on the 4th of July 6 while while rest six passed in the Christ 4 already 4
It's only been out this the second day
Paul fiction 3 matrix revolution 2 and a predatory kiss that's with a K predatory to a kiss
One be sure you and unseed very carefully from now on okay, be careful very very carefully
You might even like I just did occasionally say the letter that was with a K
Sealed with a kiss K
Okay, good and evil locked in violent showdown writes aos Scott movie review pastor the Christ in yesterday's New York Times
Well, this is kind of long, but that's okay just cool down
There's a prophetic episode of the Simpsons in which the celebrity guest star male Gibson directing in Starg in the remake of mr
Smith go through Washington and list the help of Homer Simpson who represents the public taste or lack of it
Homer persuades mr
Gibson to change the pictures ending replacing James Stewart's popular styrofoam with an action sequence a
Barrage of righteous gunfire that leaves the halls of Congress strewn with corpses the audience flees the theater and discussed
I thought of Homer more than once with an involuntary irreverence conditioned by many years of devotion to Simpsons
As mr. Gibson presented his new movie the Passion of the Christ to carefully selected preview audiences across the land
Making a few last minute cuts and then taken to the airwaves to promote and defend the film it opened yesterday nationwide
Given the crucifixion story mr
Gibson did not need to change the ending
The Passion of the Christ is so relentlessly focused on the savagery of Jesus final hours
That this film seems to rise less from love than from wrath and to succeed more in assaulting the spirit than an uplifting it
Mr
Gibson is constructed an unnerving and painful spectacle that is also in the end of depressing one
It is disheartening to see a film made with evident and abundant religious conviction that is at the same time
So utterly lacking in grace
Mr
Gibson is departed radically from the tone and spirit of early American movies about Jesus
Which have tended to be palatable if often extremely long Sunday school homilies
Designed to sue the audience rather than to terrify or inflame it
His version of the gospels is heroingly violent the final hour of the past to Christ essentially consist of a man being beaten tortured and killed in
Graphic and lingering detail
Once he's taken into custody Jesus is cuffed and kicked and then much more systematically
Flogged first with stiff canes and then with leathered whips tipped with sharp stones and glass shards
By the time the chrono thorns has pounded onto his head and the cross loaded onto his shoulders
He is all but unrecognizable a massive flayed and body flesh barely able to stand moaning and howling in pain
The audience is desired response to the spectacle is not a revolution
But something like the covering quivering awe manifested by Mary Mary Magdal and a few sensitive Romans and Jerusalemites
Is they forced themselves to watch
Discussed and awe are not when you think about it so far apart and a Mr. Gibson's vision one is a route to the other
I rubbing our faces in the grizzly reality of Jesus death and fixing our eyes on every welcome gash on his body
This film means to make literal an event that the gospels often treat with circumspection and that tends to be thought about someone
Have straggly look the movie seems to insist when we say he died for our sins. This is what we mean
A viewer especially when it accepts the theological import of the story is thus caught in a
Sadomistic Sadomacic pyridox as our disciples from Jesus and a flashback that occurs toward the end promises to lay down his life
The ordinary human responses to wish for the carnishes to stop and impulse that seems lacking in the distal at Roman soldiers and the self-righteous Pharisees
More about them shortly, but without their fathomless cruelty the story wouldn't reach its necessary end to halt the execution with thwart divine
Providence and refuse the gift of redemption
Anyway, this is a film review not Sunday school the paradox of wishing something horrible to stop even as you want to continue has as much to do with movie going as with the
Onogy and Mr. Gibson either gyrously or ingeniously has exploited the popular appetite for terror and gore for what he and his
All I see is a higher end the means however are no different from those used by virtual also so shakzema like Quentin
Tarantino who is subjected miss Velucci to such grievous indignity and irreversible
Mr. Gibson is temperamentally a more solid
Stalled less formally adventurous filmmaker, but he's no less a connoisseur of violence
It'll be amusing to see some of the same schools who condemn Mr. Tarantino's kill Bill volume one
Signed the praises of the Passion of the Christ
Mr
Gibson from the moment he began speaking publicly about this project
Infocuses desire to make passion as a as realistic as possible to that end the dialogue is an aromac and a dialect of Latin
Which takes some getting used to but which dispenses with the stilted awkward diction that afflicts so many biblical epics
The absence of identifiable movie stars, but the exception of Ms. Velucci comports herself with fitting modesty
Also adds an element of verse verse similar verse similar to doho brother
I hope I've ever said that would be for my wife first a military
First a military that I say it. I don't know
I may have seen it before but actually so on me. I've never said it's in New York times
What do you expect but the sound the tone of the passion are far from what is ordinarily meant by realism
The first part which takes place in the mercenal gloom of night shot by superb synatography photographer Caleb Deschanel
Has the feel of a horror movie as Jesus praised in the Garden of Gethsemane the camera tiktows are mounted like a stalker
And John Denny scores a high-tone creeps you of menacing orchestral undertones and spine jabbing choral effects
A slithery effeminate Satan played the in credits revealed by a woman named Rosalinda Salentano
Slings around like something in a West Craven nightmare and Judas reeling from his betrayal is menaced by demon children with pointy eye teeth and milky eyes
When daylight dawns the mooch hits from a horror movie suspense to slice your film dread
Throughout Mr. Gibson lays on Mr. Denny's canned sublimity with the heaviest possible hand and he indulges in equally unsettled visual and oral effects
Judas is 30 pieces of silver. How many?
About 30 men
Judas is 30 pieces of silver fly through the year in slow motion the first nail enters Jesus's palm with a twack
That must have taken hours of digital tweaking to articulate the thuddingly emphatic storytelling along with the ancient languages
Makes the acting almost beside the point though. It's not hard to be impressed by Mr. Cavazels endurance
The only psychological complexity in this table of goodness and ability belongs to Pontius Pyle than his wife
Claudia played by two very capable actors who I hope will become more familiar to American audiences and whose names
I'm not going to try to pronounce is the past of the Christ anti-Semitic
I thought you never asked to my eyes
It didn't seem to traffic explicitly or agree justly in the toxic iconography of historical Jew hatred
But more sensitive viewers made disagree the Pharisees and their talitan beards are certainly shown as a sinister and inhumane group
And the mob they command is full of howling ugly rage
But this on screen ability does not seem to exceed what can be found in the source material
Mr. Gibson a few weeks ago reportedly expunged and especially provocative line of dialogue that refer to the Jews
His blood be honest and our children
That line comes from the book of math
You know would take a revisionist to remove every trace of controversy and intolerance from a story that rests
Squirly on the theology boundary separating Christianity from Judaism
That Mr. Gibson did not attempt to transcend these divisions may be regrettable
But to condemn the past of the Christ
For its opposeded bigotry is the miss its point and the misstated's problems
The troubling implications of the film did not arise primarily from its religious agenda
An extreme to their traditionalist Roman Catholicism that hasn't prevented the past from resonating oddly enough
With many evangelical Protestants what makes the movie so grim and ugly is Mr. Gibson's inability to think beyond the conventional logic of movie narrative
In most movies certainly in most movie directed by or starring Mr. Gibson
Violence against the innocent demands righteous vengeance in the third act and expectation that Mr. Gibson in this case whips up and leaves unsatisfied
On its own apart from whatever beliefs the viewer might bring to it the passion of the Christ never provides a clear sense of what all this
Bloodshed was for and in conclusiveness that is Mr. Gibson's most serious artistic failure
The gospel at least in some interpretations suggest that the story ends in forgiveness
But such an ending seems beyond Mr. Gibson's imaginative capacities
Perhaps he suspects that the public prefers terror fury and gourd maybe Homer Simpson was right after all
1127 at 560 QAM
My
And look this is for 205
The 24 years ago I was apprehended in Kenny Buckport main for DUI
That's an accurate story. I'm proud of that
I often times said that
I occasionally drank and I did on that night, but I made the decision
that
Uh
Drinking
I want my girls doing the kinds of things I did and I told them to drink and drive decision on May
Been very upfront with the people saying that I drink now. Yes. I was. I'm gonna drink barrier. I mean beers
To the I can't remember how many beers there's four years ago
My father very happy about it
And that's the course of action I do and I and I and I and I'm I'm the first to say
That uh people of America will understand that
Absolutely. Yeah, we understand while they're excused there be
28 till noon at 560 WQM got the mad dog at two
Hebrew hammer at four handgoalberg hurricanes and uh FIU golden panthers baseball
711 tonight boy. I wonder who's gonna be doing that game. I sure hope it ain't the clearance and uh
The beast why not got some skating reports on their last baseball broadcast
Love at a clock that I directed the baseball game finally gets over its any K and joy mark overnight 2 to 5 and a.m
This is really something a
Pastor displayed the message. This is Denver a pastor displayed the message Jews killed the Lord Jesus in front of his church on a busy Denver
Thurofer yesterday prompting outrage from Jews and Christians alike
Then incredible or what? Oh, it's very credible the sign in front of the law
Yeah, come on spit it out the sign in front of the loving way united pentecostal church
Thray up said one pastor by so much he brought a bottle ladder that acted in to remove the first word
Church members later took down the rest of the words
Pastor Maurice Gordon said he was inspired by the intense discussion leading to Wednesday's release of Mel Gibson's film the passion of the Christ
With some of criticized its anti-Semitic and others have hailed his powerfully portraying the crucifixion of Jesus
Gibson has said the movie does not blame the Jews for the rest of Jesus, but he just
I've been listening to the debate back and forth. I and talk radio about who really didn't go into the AP and a phone interview
What I did right or wrong was to give the citation from the Apostle Paul
You only want to do this maybe once in a lifetime Gordon said at least hopefully
If you have people go back and read the fine print in the Bible right the message you put up Jews killed the Lord Jesus
The woman who walked to the message board said she drove to the church after hearing about the sign today
Jewish education class Amy ship said she knocked on doors and called the church's number on her cell phone
No one would answer said ship who is Jewish
I just wanted to talk to them and see if they would take the sign down
She decided not to wait bought the ladder in a tarp at a store across the street and then you cover up the sign
When that didn't work she removed the word Jews from the message board
I'm raising four little Jewish girls and I'd like the community to be safe a safe place for all
Injury and I do not know what the relationship said I felt it was anti-Semitic incorrect and a cowardly thing to do
Gordon's sign prompted a response last night from the LA based Simon Viesenthal Center
That urged Christian leaders in Denver to rebuke the church for posting the sign the Jewish people have suffered from the level of
What is that?
DSI now there's another one
DSI
The level of killing Jesus for nearly 2000 years had rabbi Abraham Cooper associate dean of the Center
We continue to look to our Christian neighbors and friends to review those who would pass off this con artist theology
Dr. James Ryan at the Colorado Council of churches was also deeply troubled by the sign
I would hope that they would hear the outcry not just of the Jewish community
But the Christian community as well and this is not a true representation of the gospel of love and grace of Jesus
Colorado Andy depimationally spokesman Bruce Tabaski said he was upset that Gordon had chosen to spread the message of divisiveness and
Obamaculately bigotry and hate when the ADL and others are trying to break Jews and Christians
Post it together and how's that thing working out Northern Ireland by the way? Oh, it's just fine. They're still calling each other
Let's see here's one that says king pow enter the fish tongue tongue
What did I call it king come pow sorry come pow chicken. I like that
Do you ever have that no? I don't think I have
Come pow enter the fish. That sounds like a porn oh movie to me. No, I'm careful. No
And how about the hawk says Alex ooh?
Okay, so we're getting more building list. Here's one the Titanic to which I say
Leo was in it and must have been a real dog
Here's when it says the first Lord of the Rings along boring mess is DP the Lord of the Rings
Here's another fact that says Yahoo! I'm coming down. I know nothing
I know nothing until I cross the border to Canada Bush go to hell anonymous and I don't blame you
All the way around being anonymous to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line wq. Wh
Hello
Pretty good. I got a
A nominee for your poll there
Freddie got fingered. Oh, can I say that? No, sorry, but you can say it once
See he said it once and then what was it?
As a matter of fact, I'm glad he mentioned can I say this can I say that because I was
Scrolling up and down to the ECS you know that list that I sent you last uh whenever it was yeah
Uh, they're gonna be a lot of additions. Oh
I mean, I'm going through well first I went through the letter B and I thought well, maybe this is just a bad letter
You know there's a lot of butt stuff in there and then I went through the letter i
Yeah, and I thought well here's another bad letter
I think they're all bad now they're all bad which is a tongue plug the thing right
Let's see here's one of the facts that says didn't know if you saw the time jickie calm
That was posted on sunscentle.com
Looks like your good close personal Fred is bringing you into the Howard controversy didn't take a look at the last paragraph
Haven't seen that did you? No, nope
It says I listen to your baby. They hope you're not targeted next
We always just posted so during the break. I'll take a look at it Greg read is bringing me into the Howard controversy
Don't tell me any favors Greg
The worst movie of all time jilly pure caca. It says direct at least that's what I heard says Shelley and Miami
jilly g-i-g-l-i
With our anxious j-o and
Ben Ben how are you gonna say his last name now?
I'm not okay
Ben there's only two Ben we need to think about one is the errat
And since Michael Jackson said oh there's John Hogan about cheap channel than the Howard Sterns of the world are the exception
Rather than the rule right and that they will no longer have a platform on our station right
Also in other words, it's permanent if there was any doubt if that's permanent
This business about they took them off here till they comply with guess what Howard
The South Florida and cheap channel least for the moment
56705 60 pound five sixty on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello
You yes, sir. What's up, man? How you doing?
Hey, I got a
Can you play that a bit again with the with the Hindus?
So you play Hindus
What bit
Right
56705 60 pound five 60 on the 18 t
And Verizon wireless line what a wonderful young man. Is that lorry days? Yes
I think it was John Hogan they just took a break. Oh look at this promise that we won't hear offensive things coming out of their shock jox
But it replays itself
So I don't know this is the end of it. It just may be once again the resumption of the cycle Howard Sterns
He's got a backward fascist is the word you're looking for how I get it right
Somebody teach him is a piece in cues and a's in B stuff like that
Clear channel who is of course announcing that they have made it. They're not going to be satisfied yet
They want they basically these Nazis they want Howard Stern off the air and me and a whole bunch of other people
Everyone who ain't preaching the word. The only problem for them is going to be some of us ain't going to play the game
I'm going to look all this is five cities
The radio is all yours
Q&A
I urge everyone to complain to this station
Ah
you
I'm going to be better.
You're supposed to be the most precious to be respected.
You're supposed to be respected.
Very good.
You make it to new.
You're supposed to be respected.
You're supposed to be respected.
You're supposed to be respected.
Here's a little more on that pastor from Denver.
He says some of his best friends are lampshades.
Yeah, 14.
Here's the story of Tom Jicke just put on the SunCendle website.
Clear Channel silences Howard Stern with Zero Tolerance Plan.
Greg actually says very nice things about me.
See how more we get along distance.
By long distance.
Clear Channel Communications and Nations Largest Radio Chamber.
More than 1200 stations that have self as obscene.
It's obscene.
Including more than a dozen in the Miami-Fore Lauderdale and Palm Beach markets.
Announced a Zero Tolerance Policy for its on-air talent yesterday.
And suspended the Howard Stern Sherwon stations that carried the shock jug.
Well, not only did they suspend it, but as we just heard John Hogan only moments ago.
You won't be hearing Howard Stern on Clear Channel no more.
Period.
The moves by San Antonio based Teep Channel,
which earlier fired a talk show host of broadcasts,
sexually explicit material that do a threat of a fine from the FCC.
Came as Congress seeks to toughen penalties for indecency.
The company's new policy includes making disc jockeys pay part of any federal find imposed for using profanity.
Clear Channel's actions come less than a month after singer Justin Tinkerbell exposed Janet Jackson's breast.
On a Super Bowl halftime show aired by Viacommings, CBS TV Network.
A US House panel earlier this month endorsed a bill raising indecency finds tenfold to $275,000 per violation.
Clear Channel drew a line in the sand today with regard to protecting our listeners from indecency content.
And Howard Stern's show blew right through a Teep Channel radio president John Hogan said in the statement distributed by business wire.
It was vulgar, offensive, and insulting not just women and African Americans, but to anyone with a sense of common decency.
Stern Show, which aired on WBGGFM105.9, is produced and distributed by Viacommings Infinity Radio Unit.
Clear Channel, which did not disclose how many of its stations carried the Stern Show, said it won't reinstate state's demand.
Stern, until we're sure that his show will conform to acceptable standards of responsible broadcasts.
And like I said just a moment ago, John Hogan told Congress he ain't coming back to us.
They only got a month's six stations, but nevertheless, of course, stop for it to be in one.
You're luck.
Earlier this week, Teep Channel fired Shock Jack Bubba Love Spongebob, real name Todd Clem.
After the FCC proposed a $755,000 fine for allegedly indecency material aired on four Clear Channel stations in Florida.
The new rules will have a little impact on what List News here include channels stationed according to David Ross, the anxious regional vice president of Cheap Channel, saw Florida stations.
I didn't have to wait for a corporate policy, he said.
He has had a policy of airing shows with live talent on a delay from seven seconds to much longer depending on the nature of the program to safeguard against indecent content.
He also has regular conversations with his talent, reviewing what's permissible for broadcast, like all the lies that Rush tells, making up stories about the Clinton skill.
This one and the Clinton skill that one stuff like that.
Most of the host on Cheap Channel's Mommy Ford Lauderdale Talk Station, W-I-O-D, AM610.
Oh boy, how the worm is turned.
W-I-O-D, oh I hate that station.
Our employees of Clear Channel are one of its subsidiaries from outside the market.
They primarily talk politics from a conservative vantage point and rarely go over the line.
Right, Tom.
Clear Channel's actions are illustrative of the reactions throughout broadcasting.
Greg Reed, general manager of Beasley Broadcasting Station, including WQMAM560, which broadcasts the often-runching The Aroju Show, said he's instituted a new indecency policy that clearly spells out what can't be said on the air.
Neil has been very cooperative, Reed said.
He knows the situation in Washington has no problems with what we're doing.
And you are absolutely correct.
Right, well I mean I do have problems in my mind, you know, in my heart.
But you know, is that in your heart of hearts?
In my heart of hearts.
Heart, H-E-R, H-E-R, hurt, at any rate.
Well there you go, nice go, Greg. We're on the same page.
In fact I think I have a much clearer understanding of what it's all about.
Then some people inside the building.
Not to mention any names of course. Maybe because I've been doing this for 100 years.
Right, H-E-R.
That's okay.
He'll get over it.
Manual in Hollywood says, I've had enough of this.
I've been listening to you on and off, mostly off since I moved here in 1988, mostly off.
Over the last year I've been listening to you just to amuse myself.
I never agreed with your political views. I voted Republican every election since 1976.
And I enjoyed hearing your rants about the conservatives.
However, now, now I'm starting to believe. All right.
The far right is using this Janet Jackson booby exposure to take over the party.
And now I can't listen to Howard Stern anymore. WTF is up with that.
I think what he really tried to say was, what up with that?
Right.
I sent an email to the Republican National Committee this morning.
Let it know that if things don't get back to normal and quickly I will vote on a credit
across the ticket next election, you know, if it's enough.
Nice going, Manuel, you go boy. And vote several times, please.
Here's the fact that says the passion, the worst movie ever, the passion of the Christ.
Now I'm curious. And let it affect that all the stuff is going on.
And we have to be really goody toos and especially with all the hoopla about this movie.
I mean, at this point can we even say, Jesus Christ, huh?
Only if it's not used in vain. I see. Jesus Christ.
Quite a cut it out, Mo. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ.
No, cut the crap. See, Christ killer.
I was so psyched up to see the passion. I love a good comedy.
It was hoping that we'd live up to the great humor of the Shimmer's list.
I mean, two hours of killing Jews who doesn't love that.
So then I go to the passion and they spend the entire movie killing only one Jew.
Well, this is funny. Man, what a ripoff.
Grand of the slow motion budgeting was good, but Mel could have found a few more Jews to kill in torture.
I'll speak to my son. Hopefully he'll see why this movie failed miserably.
It's quite simple to make a good movie just waste a bunch of kikes.
Sincerely, Mr. Gibson, Mel's daddy.
That's cute. That is lovely.
That's a beautiful thing. Now what effects are pouring in the phones are all smoking.
WQM. Hello.
Q. I.M.
Not there. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I was going to say hello, Neil. You called me off guard.
That's okay.
I was so our rate this morning about Stupid Pew Channel that I had to do something.
So I called up Mr. Hogan over at Pew Channel.
I have his number. I don't know if your listeners want it, but I couldn't get through to him
because apparently he's testifying or whatever I'm doing.
But I left him a message saying that he's un-American and what he did was unconstitutional.
So I don't know. Do you want me to give your...
Sure, go ahead and give the number out for John Hogan, the CEO of Chief Channel. Go ahead.
It's 210 because he's in San Antonio, another jerk from Texas.
Yes.
222.
2828.
2828.
Yeah, so that'll get you through. Just ask for John Hogan and you can leave him a voicemail.
I like to see him have 50 million voicemails by the end of the week.
Exactly.
All right, and also we're doing all we can to hurt Clear Channel because my husband is a media buyer
and he's trying to avoid to buy them now.
Oh right, excellent idea. Just say no to Clear Channel, censoring bastards that they are.
Exactly.
Thanks, we don't have a good day, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
John Hogan, the CEO of Chief Channel in San Antonio, Texas.
210-822-2828.
210-822-2828.
All of you who are really pissed off and fired up about how it's spurned up being on the soft floor
and Chief Channel plane is goody-touches, blowny that there's dog and pony show they're doing
to pacify the FCC and to cover their own ass.
Call them up and leave the nice voicemail and say, you crazy bastard you.
What do we want to say?
I don't care.
San says, I did cross out a line on here, San, because they might trace the facts.
Okay.
Says, I don't know what goes on, but when I click on the listen button, Windows Media Player
launches but doesn't play a sound.
If you can give me a trick to fix that, I'll be eternally grateful.
You can email me at Maple Leafs. Look at this, Elise fam.
So sorry, Sam. Life is really bad now.
Did you see that?
No.
Well, why not?
Did I see what?
The fact that he wants some information on his Windows Media Player when he wants to listen.
You can get Neil Rogers.
Email ericatneorages.com and he might give us some pointers.
Or not.
Anyway, then he says, this company needs to grow up to focus on this administration to ignore
those with their guns pointed at us and go after anybody who even thinks about asking questions
that can call this administration to task.
The headlines are all about Janet Jackson.
Howard Stern, Martha Stewart, etc. and the soldiers being killed on a lie are reduced to crawl
across the bottom of the screen.
Man, you are right on top of it, Sam.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Maybe it is now safe for our 70-year-olds to listen to the radio, but what about school?
Maybe they're still being raped and murdered.
To deal with Howard Stern, however, they went to want to paint it is about his respawning
of that congresswoman, bitch, who took Viacom's chairman Mel to task on Capitol Hill.
Howard was played her questioning of Mel on the ear and commented bit by bit about how stupid
it was.
Her four-year-old set of a given permission to watch the Super Bowl, see what I mean
about how stupid this is.
The next day, according to this bitch that wasn't even there, she had gone to visit her
mom.
All the kids in the neighborhood could talk about with Janet Jackson.
Well, excuse me, but even if he didn't watch the Super Bowl halftime show, which I
didn't, there were only 6,478,000 chances to see it in replay.
So of course the kids saw it.
I'm the early show with Harry Smith as they were getting ready to go to school to meet
the crap out of somebody, rape somebody, or kill somebody.
It says, best of luck, you know, when you can, send me some real estate listings for the
Toronto area, where we're just, Sam.
Good luck to you, Sam.
I'll see you in Niagara, falls.
Here's what it says, vanilla sky horrible movie, worst of the last 15 years with Tom Cruise,
and it also says, F, Clear Channel.
How do you like that?
Better not use the letters anymore, just.
They know what you're thinking.
Okay, they might be thought police.
WQA, hello.
Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Neil, I got one for your poll.
Okay.
This is definitely by far the worst movie I've ever seen.
It's called My Own Private Idaho, with a lot of reverse Phoenix.
Right.
That was definitely the worst I've seen by far.
Okay, and it just ends with him like standing in the middle of the street as I recall.
Yeah.
Car running around.
You take care, okay?
Good luck to us, thanks.
Bye bye.
My own private Idaho got it with the Cana Reeves and River Phoenix.
Got it.
That's what I said.
I think you misunderstood and thought I said, Pines, I said River Phoenix.
I don't even hear those words anymore.
Good.
That's a very good idea.
Just in fact, that's a good idea for all you guys out there, especially you who tend to
be a little bit on the swishy side.
Forget about Pines, please.
That's the message from Elle the Bushmeister and certainly from Michael's Powell.
Everybody for that.
I like it.
Neil, we're sports radio 516.
2AM.
Fight mentioned my name's right, master Gary.
If anybody has a finger.
The sending from our way.
We'll place your name into the system.
I've seen a me of the state.
Don't even father to question.
Just follow.
Everybody's sending.
That's just you.
In the act of history.
Is on.
It was in all of you.
Everyone does a special.
So what?
What you do?
This is the formation.
And all you violent.
Who's in Bush, Fatherland nation.
That's a USA.
And I don't hate those you.
And Clinton's Ibaros to.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state run new.
Bloodwater for cornbread.
Fill up your escalade.
A roof in tiny bush.
Bend you.
That's a USA.
We don't mind to see our jobs go.
By the time of his good.
We're fascinated by a chain.
Oh, don't be so stupid.
Oh, all that war is placing.
The fact that the American way.
Everybody's turning back.
It's such a USA.
Oh.
Oh, 303560 WQM moderately in.
I'm thinking to myself.
This is so ironic because we all know who.
Clear channel just hired in Atlanta.
Now, as much of the hope for the best for Scott.
I mean, what are the chances of him surviving there?
He'll talk a line on a scale of 50,000.
I would say 30,000, 30 out of 50,000.
Yeah, he'll pull the line.
When is that going to start?
There's a good idea for office pools all across out Florida.
Ron says nominee for your poll Pearl Harbor.
I went to the theater, respected to see a war movie that would give tribute to the men who died there and it turned out to be an awful fictional love triangle story.
It was a BS movie doesn't deserve to be named after an important event in our history.
Love your show, guys.
I hope the powers that they will leave you fellows alone.
They'll leave us alone.
I'll write because we know we're mining our peas and cues.
And we certainly know what the cues stands for in QAM.
Don't we?
You bet.
That was hit.
No.
That's what we just use the initials.
What is the absolute worst movie at the last 15 years that's our poll question?
We do have the poll going.
As I said, it's like kind of wallpaper in behind all this other crap that's going on.
Blair Witch Project wins hands down.
It will 111 nobody close from Justin Dekelli though 27 wild wild west 26th.
The patch of the Christ 25.
Oh, 25.
It's only been out two days folks.
Glee 18 matrix revolution.
The matrix revolution has got 18.
Band in around 15.
The crying game 14 set of woman 12.
Oh, please.
I'm sure I can do a lot better than that.
It was embarrassing, especially the part where he was like driving blind.
He should have been in South Florida, not in New York.
Six degrees of separation.
It doesn't Freddie got fingered 12.
Freddie got.
Yeah.
The Mexican 11 Pulp Fiction 8 born on the 4th of July 7th.
Titanic 5.
King Kong.
Why don't we want to say King Kong power into the enter the fist?
Yes, can we say that?
Hey, it was on marquees everywhere man.
What was that movie?
I mean, obviously it's a karate movie, right?
But Kong power enter the fist.
I just feel unclean sand that you got a filthy mind.
No, because I'm nervous for.
Yeah, you better start.
Listen, Josh, I got a suggestion for you.
Okay, since I'll be on vacation next week and all you people out there don't
start any rumors about I got canned because I'll be on vacation.
It's been playing a long time, right?
Georgia be on next week for whatever the word.
And Josh, if he even thinks of something, okay?
Hey, nice yellow button there.
Hit that dump button when it comes to Catholic Sunday.
Even a little and we're just going to adopt that kind of a mentality.
Good.
Titanic 5.
Come power.
Oh, I thought for Freddie to a kiss to vanilla sky to only one for hard
rain, one for the Hulk, none yet for Lord of the Rings, my own private eye to
whole or Pearl Harbor, but they'll get there.
334 votes.
Not bad.
We're getting a few votes considering this is like, you know, very secondary.
We got bigger fish to fry.
Oh, speaking of that, more than 170 gave men and women filed a lawsuit yesterday,
challenging the Florida law, provading them from obtaining marriage licenses.
This is so bizarre.
You see who's filing the suit?
No, let's ruin.
Oh, you told me about that.
He wants to publish it.
You're not thought of that.
He used to be one of the real back in the Anita Bryant days, one of the notorious homophobes
in South Florida, but now that he's got some public, I mean, he's got some of people.
The suit filed in Broward County court has believed to be the first formal legal challenge
to the state law, specifying that marriage licenses be sure when the party is consisting
of one male and one female.
An idea whose time has come can never be stopped at Attorney Ellis Ruben, who evidently has
seen the light who represents the 175 plaintiffs.
The idea's time is now.
The suit names only Broward County clerk Howard Foreman is the defendant.
He issues wedding licenses in the county following state laws.
The recent fewer, oh, oh, did he say fewer?
Yes, you did.
Get that arm up in the air, man.
The recent fewer over same-sex unions was sparked by Massachusetts Supreme Court, Yaudia
and Yaudia and Cozanne, where people were human beings, American citizens.
We pay our taxes, said James Stewart, a retired teacher from Daniel Beach.
It's an old cliched line, but you know what?
If we're going to pay our taxes, we do say, very good right that should be granted
to every American citizen and James, you are absolutely correct.
Right.
A spokesman for Governor Jeff Bush, the president's brother, reaffirmed the governor's
belief Wednesday and they sanctity of marriage.
The governor believes marriage should be between a man and a woman spokesman Jacob D.
P. H. C. said, we've had a lot in a book since Florida.
Since 1977, but of course that was indeed a Bryant days.
Banting came marriage and the governor took an oath of office to uphold the laws of the
state.
Right.
Except the course to carry out the constitutional amendments that are passed by the public,
right?
Well, now you're nitpicking again.
He's got some devious plans, by the way, the governor.
Yeah, they like him.
Lawrence says, I sent the following letter to Senator Graham and Bill Nelson, as well
as Representative Elsie Hastings.
I also emailed Keep Channel regarding their decision.
I told them I would boycott their stations and people to advertise with them, keep up the
good work.
It says, dear Senator Graham, I realize this is your last term in office yet I'm very
disappointed that our representatives are standing by and letting our freedom to choose
what we hear and watch being infringed upon.
The FCC and the administration are out of control.
This infringement upon or right has to stop.
I think he meant all right.
This infringement has to stop.
The Constitution is being trampled and the rights of the individual are not being respected.
I find it disturbing, says Lawrence.
The government officials receive money from the organizations they're supposed to regulate
who's supposed to speak up for the rights of the principles upon which our country was
founded.
Please help us retain our right to speak and listen.
Thank you for your attention.
Say, Lawrence.
Here's a thanks to worst movie ever was you turn with Sean Penn, says Jorge, you turn.
Got it.
Wow.
Oh, and then took us over two hours to get to this.
This was going to be the first thing we're going to talk about today.
Don't let me forget that article about Mac Grudge is okay.
It's coming up soon.
It's in the pile.
Here is a fact from Jared and Miami B.
Take by the way, Jared.
Lose a little more that way.
It says Neil, the fundamental difference at the center of the gay marriage issue is this.
Those who oppose gay marriage don't view the issue as one of equal rights or civil rights
for the more they don't view it as a form of discrimination akin to that of suffered
your ethnicity or color.
Well, you know what?
Guess what, Jared?
We don't care.
The gay rights movement is a tenet of a drawn nexus between gay marriage and equal rights
or dissonance.
This will never fly in America.
Oh, surprise, baby.
You're so wrong.
As a society, the majority of speed was established.
There was moral principles that it determined to be essential to the preservation of the social
cornerstones upon which the society is built, like slavery, for example.
It is clear that an overwhelming majority of Americans oppose gay marriage, just as an
overwhelming majority of Americans opposed blacks being able to ride on the school bus or
go into the same schools or drink from the same water fountain, Jared.
Don't forget to put it in the pool.
Right.
Oh, God forbid.
Gays have a, that's one of the reason blacks can't do swim so good as they don't have
too much practice, at least not in America.
Gays have historically unprecedented rights in America.
Oh, please, please, man, this guy, you talk about an idiot.
What are you talking about?
In some states, civil unions are recognized.
Can adoption is recognized?
Well, what do you do?
Many corporations have extended benefits to game employees' partners.
Gay should stop and smell the roses and be grateful for the overwhelming tolerance
that's been evidenced by all of these facts.
America should not be held hostage by a small majority of extremists whose agenda is
the force gay marriage down our throat.
There's that gay agenda again.
It's his Jared, it might be beach.
You are a moron, man.
We should kiss your feet and be thankful that you've thrown us a little bone.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're an idiot, Jared.
Netherlands, Denmark, Canada.
I could name you 80 million countries.
Okay, there are gumvees that held a lot more rights than they have in the U.S. of A.
That are held a lot more progressive and looking at the, and there's a, the pool in California
that I read this morning in the SF gate, San Francisco paper.
Yes.
Even though I don't, I don't want to misquote the stats, but because it was a little bit,
there was like 50 to 44 percent against gay marriage, but the constitutional amendment
thing, it was there against that.
And if you look at the demographics of the people that were pulled, can I say that to
people that were pulled?
The people who took the pool.
Among 18 to, I think it was 18 to 29 year olds, 58 to 38 percent of favor gay marriage.
It was only when you get to the older fossils who were wanting to maintain the status quo
and the old funny dutys, they were overwhelming against.
But of course, the younger people guess what?
They're going to be in control in just a few years.
They're the ones who are going to be doing the voting.
They're the ones who are going to be doing the deciding.
And so what I hate to break the news to you, Jared, but you were absolutely incorrect, sir.
Get a life, read some history, get out of the country, get out of the beach once in
a while.
In fact, just go down on South Beach and see what they do to your ass.
See, in the olden days, I might have some more to say about that, but we'll let you
just imagine.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQM.
Hate the last time you looked at it, you decided it is really, see, I'm this copy, I
think, is way over the line Todd.
You better get, here's another excuse for Todd to get off his lazy ass and do some new
copy for Fast Brain.
This copy is unacceptable, man.
It is pornographic.
It's obscene, wouldn't you agree?
I would.
So, if you'd like to have a bigger paycheck, if you'd like to have a life that's going
somewhere instead of like moving your feet real fast and going nowhere like on a treadmill,
here's the answer.
Call the folks at Fast Train Tool 3 at 1-866 Fast Train because they can help you start a
brand new high paying commuter, commuter, and computer career.
In just for sure, a month's Fast Train can help you get a new high paying computer career.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow.
So, call them today and get started right away and say bye-bye to your dead end job.
Call them Tool 3 at 1-866 Fast Train.
Be sure to mention Todd Direct, they will laugh their ass off.
Seven locations for you and some Florida Fast Train's bound to have a campus convenient
to where you live.
Fast Train offers job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify.
With day, night, and weekend classes, no excuses to stay no more in that end job.
Like I said, if you register now by the end of the summer, you can have yourself a new
high paying career and a big fat paycheck.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then call them Tool 3 and turn your life
around.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
With all due respect, my answer is no.
Ain't going to happen.
So, what do you think?
And if you stop and think about who in the South Florida market
is going to pick up the Howard Spurms show,
I don't, you name me somebody else at own stations
beside Beasley, Cox, and Infinity
doesn't have any stations in the market.
They're going to be rumors for years.
They were going to buy some.
Yeah, yeah.
But if any, don't own those stations in South Florida.
Now, if the Beasley's wanted to sell their stations
to the Infinity folks and they wanted to put Howard on,
and they wanted to pay all the rest of us off,
that would be just fine.
Oh, right.
What about Sunshine Wireless?
Right.
Let's see, here's the long facts.
Worst movie is Master of Disguise with that Asdane at Carvey.
PS, I'm leaving this year for Australia.
And I just came back from England and the so-called
Stuffy Brits say the F-word all the time on the BBC.
And they do rip the crap, I say I've changed it a little bit
for the benefit of the audience.
And they rip the crap out of the US.
We're a laughing stock for them.
Well, we're the laughing stock for the whole world
because that booby thing, man,
it wasn't bad enough before that we had bush,
and they were laughing, and they were also scared at the same time.
But now, now they will fear you, okay?
Because now they realize,
then this whole, this super religious thing.
Be afraid.
Oh, be very afraid.
When you're dealing with religious fanatics,
as some of you should well know,
you got real tourists, as they say in Ethiopia.
Real tourists.
Oh, speaking of that, before I take some more calls,
I've been, and then we got that Matt Fudge story.
I love it.
Man charged after defecating in diaper.
Can we read this story on the air?
Well, it's in the Associated Press, I guess,
so it's a new story from Pentegrinox New Jersey.
I never heard that, did you?
No.
But I think I'm pronouncing it right.
I hope so.
Pentegrinox.
A Patterson New Jersey man faces child endangerment charges
after allegedly showing up at a Roman Catholic school
tied in a diaper and pink stretch pants.
Did they let Freaky Carlos out again?
Oh, no.
He gets around.
William Road, the turd, 53, was wearing an orange jumpsuit
in handcuffs when he appeared Tuesday in Superior Court
in Morristown.
Judge Salem Vincent Atto wanted to make sure
that Road understood the charge lodged against him.
Road nodded his head when the judge asked
if he understood the charge.
Atto then ordered him return to Morrist County jail
and lieu of $75,000 bail.
He's scheduled to run to go a psychiatric evaluation
on March 12th.
Police said he showed up at Holy Spirit's Court
at the school at dismissal February 13th,
seeking a job application when his request...
Oh, no.
When his request was denied, he defecated in a diaper
and fled on foot, police said.
Lincoln Park Police arrested him for short time later.
Near a supermarket.
Oh, I sure hope he was on the outside of the supermarket.
That's not the inside.
I wanted to get another diaper.
Woo!
Holy moly!
Wow.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Mr. Rogers, no, there ain't any.
Yes, sir, okay.
All right, I just wanted to express my disgust
with John Hogan and the rest of those creeps and creep channel.
Let him have it.
Yeah, man.
I mean, it's just disgusting how first day in 20th century
I did discriminated room by color than sex,
non-sexuality and cigarettes,
and all the other crap they throw in there.
But I just wanted to add two movies to that list,
Bone Booth with Colin Farrell and Crab Villa.
See on the red planet, Neil.
All right.
See on Mars, man.
Although I think that Bush has got to leg up on that.
Oh, we'd like to give him the other leg up on the tube.
Go ahead and have a good time, Georgie.
Bush, that is.
Thanks.
Bone Booth, how was the other one?
He said Crab Villa, but I never saw that one.
Crab Villa.
See, I guess I should have warned the audience at a time.
We're not saying too much crap.
Once in a while, you know.
Once in a while, my little crap is okay,
but too much crap is not good.
Okay, that's the in the memo.
Little crap is okay.
Not too much.
WDQA, hello.
That's why I take it 10 years.
WDQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Bill.
I just want to thank for the lovely tickets for tomorrow's
game.
I appreciate it.
Okay, so you were one of those people that showed up.
That was number one.
Good.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
I enjoy it.
Let's see who they play in the camps tomorrow.
That should be another win.
I would think the camps are like Marginal at best these days
and all season long.
Panthers have got to still got a shot.
They're what?
Seven points behind the Arleners?
And nine behind Montreal, something like that.
They're on fire thanks to Bobby Lungo,
who just keeps making 35 and 40 saves a game.
He's the best in league.
I haven't said that for a long time.
And nobody would believe me.
I mean, what do I know?
I mean, I'm no guilty.
Mike Hudson, Matt Rugges, so gay, why doesn't he say so?
This is in the Niagara Falls reporter right down the road for me, eh?
They don't forget to read that story about that.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Being a cyber gossip looks like such an easy job.
I'm tempted to take it up myself.
The great thing about it is that you apparently don't have to talk to any of your sources.
I used to be in show business and I've lived and worked with a lot of great gay people.
My best friend from childhood and old bandmate Tim is queer
and has been open about it for the past 30 years.
About 30, man.
My sister Linda is openly gay as well.
And lives in one of the red states where that can be a big problem.
So when cyber gossip Matt Rugges published a half a dozen demonstrably false stories
last week about Senator John Kerry,
having an affair with a grown woman,
I asked a question with no malice.
Because it's been my observation that no one is more interested in the heterosexual doings of grown men and women than repressed homosexuals.
Rugges who made his bones reportedly heavily on the various real and imagined sexual downhances of former president Bill Clinton,
has vigorously denied his homosexuality perhaps because his largely Republican right wing audience
would look unfavorably upon it.
I wrote him an email and asked if he was a homosexual.
He didn't answer.
Like I said, I don't care what a man and woman do in a bedroom.
And I don't care what a man and a man do in a bedroom.
Keep the kids out of it and everything's fine by me.
But Dredd seems to take great delay in peeking under other people's covers,
while at the same time failing to fess up to his behavior,
his political bedfellows might deem unnatural.
Dredd's pals in the media, the drug-addled Rush Limbaugh,
or the serally mirried and estranged from her family, Dr. Laura,
have similar problems.
So does the family values Harpy and Coulter,
who remains childless and unmarried,
and has demonstrably lied about everything from Vice President Cheney's resume
to her own age on driver's licenses taken out in various states.
Bill Bennett, former Education Secretary,
drugs are in another one of Dredd's favorites,
has proven to be a degenerate gambler as records of his million-dollar losses
in Vegas and Atlantic City show.
The worst of all is probably Fox News pun in Bill O'Reilly,
whose phony, populist, palaver seemingly has convinced many he's looking out for you,
when in fact he's a lying, racist coward.
Sometimes being in the media business is something you're almost ashamed to admit.
Dredd's homosexuality doesn't disturb me.
Nor does Bennett's gambling degeneracy, Limbaugh's drug use,
Coulter's obvious mental problems, or O'Reilly's hypocrisy.
It's a free country and we're all pretty much allowed to go around saying whatever we want.
I guess he hadn't got the message yet, Mike, in Niagara Falls,
that he travels slowly.
What bothers me is that those were the people,
these were the people who worked in tandem to get George W. Elected.
Somehow, bush lost by half a million votes and still got into the White House.
Somehow, when he did get in, he used every tool at his disposal
to redistribute the wealth in this country from the poor and middle class to the rich
through a three million people ought to work and get about 550 brave young American men
and women killed in a war we didn't have to fight.
Fonies and cowards like Dr. Rugg, O'Reilly, Dr. Laura, Limbaugh and Coulter facilitated this
and now they have the nerve to call those who disagree with them, traitors?
None of them served in the military, indeed none of them were fit to serve in the military
and yet now they presume to tell the rest of us who is and who is not patriotic.
The SEC headed up by Colin's kid Michael has launched an investigation
into how Janet Jackson's breast, its most interesting part covered by what looked like a sheriff's badge,
got on the TV for a nanosecond during the annually abysmal half-time show with a Super Bowl.
The SEC would do better looking into shows like O'Reilly's,
which played the clip over and over and over again for a straight-week and slow motion
or Limbaugh's radio broadcast, which he's admittedly done high, a clear violation of the SEC code.
In the meantime, I want to know whether the conservative slime-meister Mac Dredges
is a closet at homosexual, since he won't respond, any of you ladies out there
with any pertinent information may contact me either by phone or email.
Oh, this is great.
He's got his email.
That's a beautiful thing.
From the Niagara Falls reporters, Mike Hudson.
Since he won't respond, any of you ladies out there with any pertinent information may contact me either by phone or email.
26 past noon.
Come on, come on, wherever you are Miss Fudge.
Hey, this is the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
That's right.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month.
What's not to life?
And don't forget, once you're refinancing to get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you will never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them toll free at that new number.
1, 866, 395 lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move out of your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay closing costs again.
Call them today. There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you for all the details.
Financial group. It's 1, 866, 395 lend.
That's 1, 866, 395 lend.
Either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply.
Rates are subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR.
My line and local.
Here's sports radio 560, QAM.
If I have any talent.
I have 560, WQAM.
Hello!
Oh, fat ass rollie, please go away.
Find a new way to attack them, but they go home.
And eat your whole homes.
Till you explode.
Just like your fat fat churren, ladies.
Happy by two seats on a plane.
He's failing your fingers that have yellow stained from sea jails.
And sea your toes.
After piggy pungos.
Fouls of the fat disgusting and tasty oil.
Oil.
You make the childhood women smile.
I like a gown, sped and sassy.
Things smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grappa.
After it was occupied by head,
Hasn't learned to chew or to get it near cars.
Cushion to that M-W-W-W-W-W.
Oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, fat, lady.
Living with your lover, let's be.
Sivaring and snorting the tree between her feet.
Okay, on that point, let's not that.
Yeah.
I was just, I listened to as much of that as I could in one break.
And then I talked to myself, well, that's going to happen one of these days soon.
We'll be in the middle of a bit, because we can't remember all of the lyrics.
And then I said, well, I was supposed to hear it start, because of course I know the words.
I sing them often.
Oh, do you?
Sure.
She's back in the news.
So we, you know, we make no apologies.
And certainly we didn't keep in game.
We're near that tree.
Rosie O'Donnell, I guess you probably did.
Rosie O'Donnell, a married girlfriend.
You go girlfriend.
Former talk show host Rosie O'Donnell says you planned to marry her long time girlfriend in San Francisco today.
More than 3,300 other same sex couples have tied, but not since February the 12th.
You might want to add that one to your list.
O'Donnell announced her plan wedding to a Kelly Carpenter on ABC's, she's not marrying.
Is that her name?
I don't know.
Oh, yeah, that's her Goyal friend.
Okay.
On ABC News, good morning America.
Just two days after President Bush called for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
In fact, she said the president's call Spurder to come to San Francisco, where city officials continue to perform same sex weddings,
even as the legality of those marriages have been considered by state courts and zero down the beach.
There's no way.
I think the actions of the president are my opinion the most violent hateful words ever spoken by a sitting president,
O'Donnell said in the program, I'm stunned and horrified.
I find this proposed amendment very, very, very, very shocking.
One, two, three, four.
Four varies, shocking.
And immoral.
And you know if civil disobedience is a way to go about change, then I think a lot of people are going to be going to San Francisco.
And I hope they put more people on the steps to marry as many people as show up and I hope everyone shows up.
O'Donnell said she decided to marry Carpenter, a former dancer and marketing director at Nickelodeon.
During her recent trial in New York, over the now defunct Rosie magazine, we applied for a spousal privilege and were denied it by the state.
As a result, everything that I said to Kelly, every letter that I wrote to her, every email, every correspondence, every conversation was entered into the record.
O'Donnell said, after the trial, I am now will forever be a total proponent of gay marriage.
When you go, girl, fat girl, stay away from the tree, okay?
Because they hear the dog, then the number on it.
Right.
Joe and South Miami's got a great facts here.
Too bad I can't read this on here either.
P.S. he says, though, the matrix sucked.
So the matrix, I guess now, if we got that on there, we got one of them on there.
We can put the original one, the original matrix.
What was the absolute worst movie the past 15 years?
Blair Witch Project 133 from just to the Kelly 40, Glee 34.
The Passion of Christ has got about 30 minutes.
It's only been out a day and a half.
Wild Wild West 29, matrix revolution 22, the crime game and Batman and Robin H. have 19.
Freddie got fingered 17.
Oops, set of woman 13, the Mexican 13, 60 Reza separation 12, pulp fiction 9, Titanic 8, born on the 4th of July 7,
King or Kongpaw on the rest of it 7.
Enter the battlefield.
I'm not reading that.
Battlefield Earth 6, vanilla sky 5, Pearl Harbor 3, a prelude to a kiss 2.
See, I want to say one thing to the audience, okay?
Well, I'll say a few things.
But anybody would say, well, gee, you're really a caveman and see, the choice is either this.
Either we'd like to go over the line and not be on the air, it'd be out on the street, on the beach,
or we just use a little common sense. It's called self-preservation.
Survival.
Like I said, you can be stupid and stubborn and you can be both of those things
and it just ain't got to get anywhere.
So just kiss your radio right now that at least worst still on the air.
Today.
Think it's set on the beach with your righteous indignity.
Otherwise, his brother, the one that's left.
Let's see, here is another facts from Anonymous.
Well, everybody's Anonymous now.
You're probably checking your facts machines. WQA him, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did anybody choose the movie Crossroads?
Not yet.
With Britney Spears and Scott Donny.
Oh my gosh.
Horrible movie.
I can only imagine.
Horrible movie.
Why did Chris Hawk kill Sonny Rosenberg?
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Close from John Hogan.
You got that Crossroads?
Yeah, I got it.
We got it.
Close from John Hogan, present to Clear Channel regarding the Howard Stern show.
It was Vulgaray, well, we know that.
According to Hogan, if you're not a feditive insult about the Howard Stern show,
if you don't fight it, Vulgaray, you have no sense of common decency.
How nice do you think so highly of Howard's listeners?
A poem for the masses.
First, they came for Howard Stern.
Is the title of this from Anonymous?
First, they came for Howard Stern.
And then I did not speak up because I was not Howard Stern.
Then they came for the gaze.
And I did not speak up because it was not gay.
Then they came for cable.
And I didn't speak up because I have a dish.
And then they came for me.
And there was no one left to speak out for me.
Also, here's the Clear Channel website.
So, this is good.
So hopefully it provides people with list of stations to boycott and self-floor.
That's a really good idea.
Especially since ratings are going on constantly.
You might want to go to self-flooratradingsown.com.
Slash stations.html.
And it'll give you a list of all the Clear Channel stations.
And then you don't have to subsidize them in any way.
And you certainly don't have to listen to them.
And you certainly won't tell anybody that you ever would think of listening to their channels.
SouthfloorToTraitingZone.com.
SlashStations.html.
I'm saving that.
And don't forget John Hogan.
The CEO of Chief Channel is busy singing a song in the dance and being so much holier than now and Washington right now before your anxious Congress.
CEO of Chief Channel 2110 San Antonio Texas 2110 area code 8222828.
Leave me a voicemail.
It's on your pissed off and fired up.
8222828.
Let's see.
It says maybe, oh, maybe Beasley will pick up power.
Are you people ever going to get it?
You must be dreaming.
It says Stern is on Beasley's K-Rock 96.94 Myers-Napals.
Oh, I didn't know that.
No, you didn't.
That's WWC Insister Station, year old AM Station.
Maybe Beasley will pick up power.
What do you think?
No.
Huh?
I can't believe that.
Can you?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
The Beasley's have got Howard on in Fort Myers.
Maybe they got him for cheap.
On 96.9 K-Rock.
Well, Halle, Luya, let's get him on.
Let's start him on Monday morning.
What do you say?
Sure.
Huh?
What fit right in?
We might actually take a poll on that.
Maybe tomorrow.
There will be a lot of you.
No, seriously.
What are you laughing about?
I'm serious.
Let's take a poll.
Or the other one.
You can give it to the powers of B.
They can zip it over on a fax to the Beasley's in Tampa.
I mean, wherever the hell they are in Naples.
But it'll never happen here on this one.
See, don't be so defeated, okay?
I mean, I don't want to mess with Joe Rosen.
Certainly the other Howard.
Absolutely.
We can stick on like two to five in the morning.
And move Joe on in the markup a little bit.
Huh?
He's used to getting up really early now.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
He don't mind.
And Geldy, he can just do sports updates.
He can just hang out with the Beasley's in clearance.
When Ferris gave me that song and a dance about,
why did I do one show just as a joke just for fun?
Not the regular show, but about...
And I just about dropped my own load here in the chair.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
He really is sad.
He's pathetic.
I mean, yeah, he's okay, but he's pathetic.
You know what I mean?
No.
Allen says for a truly unwatchable movie experience,
you have to go with Demi Moore's Passion of Mind.
A tale of a woman who goes to sleep in dreams
and completely separate existence, this movie defines pointlessness.
As an aside, on the ads for Mel's new movie,
I can't bring myself to actually mention the piece of Dreck by Name.
There's a credit of a Mel Gibson film, now call me cynical if you like,
but if this movie wasn't made a huge ego trip for Gibson,
then why the hell is that credit there?
Questions that need to be asked, the FCC needs to investigate,
is that...
Right.
Buddy is going to only make $25 million.
After all, he did put up $25 million of his own money
to make that piece of violent garbage.
And he's going to make $25 million.
So like he says, what's not to like?
And his father says, the Jews.
20 to 1 at 560 WQM.
Inter-regist diabetic is a really delicious meal replacement drink
that just happens to be made for people living with diabetes,
but anybody looking to cut down on it,
anxious, fattening sugar can drink it and enjoy it,
because inter-regist diabetic is sweetened with splendor,
which doesn't leave that nasty aftertaste
like you get from drinks that are made with aspera-taymen's saccharine.
That's aspera-taymen, say real fast.
It's recommended by doctors and not-ticians
for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they're in a big, fat, bottomed hurry.
Inter-regist diabetic can see what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go like way beyond just to show how silly
the whole thing is.
Right.
Inter-regist diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement
that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals you need
for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants
here that's low-insaturated, fat, low-in cholesterol too.
And inter-regist diabetic is also gluten-free and lactose-free too.
And eight-ounce can provide you with 237 delicious calories
of easy to digest nutrition.
You try inter-regist diabetic once in a long time
but how it's life on it, you'll never go back
to what you were drinking before.
Absolutely.
And now you can pick it up all over town.
It's at public's Walgreens,
efforts, Navarro, Sardanos, CVS, other local pharmacies
or you can get yourself a free two-pack
by just making one easy call.
They give you one chocolate latte and one vanilla in that two-pack
called Tool-free 1-866-368-3739
or faster yet order for yourself online
at enter-regist diabetic.com
and click on where it says free samples.
You'll recognize that word free.
In fact, tell them that Neilson's
a bar for the delicious one
get an additional free special gift too when you make the call.
Call them today and get your free two-pack
1-866-368-3739.
My life and local
this is 43560
you weigh in weigh in.
What is plate-dose retreat?
Life in the county town
I have a deep eye.
Here in jail there's no where
but I can go.
They found a prison door
not free to walk down the streets
instead they're calling me fresh meat
somebody's in going fine
but soon it will be showertime
now it's a whole white in eye
dream and drive
now it's a whole white
I don't look good in strides
Life in the county town
if no one in the pent
Life in the county town
I need a dream
when you come over
Call 4614-1 at 560-QM
the Hebrew hammer it for the saffron
Hurricanes baseball tonight
who is doing that game?
No
doesn't say here on my schedule
I would be surprised by this.
Is it a secret?
I have one fact
or here it is from Joe and South Miami
he's busy
he says Mr. Sean Monday
but did anyone call in about the play
by play the Hurricanes baseball game?
on Sunday's matter of fact we did have that one call
remember? Yes
that bitter complaint
it says fact-boy and clearance were in rare but true form
meaning the beast of course aka Brian London the beast
if the beast would have stopped eating for only 15 seconds
you might have understood something he was saying
you would hear him chewing
then slurping on a shake that he would say something like
a ball
a ball
good job QA and it says my little brothers
available for you and basketball game this weekend
if you're looking to improve your broadcast
Joe and South Miami is pretty parked
off about that whole thing with clearance in his
boyfriend the beast
it is tragic
with me he'll catch you to a show on sports
just once, just one day
and then maybe you're liking you doing every day sports
no, no clearance you idiot you moron you quizzling
he was crushed ball and then he put it back
and then he what?
put it away
let's see the nation's top radio host
Rush Limbaugh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
look at this
missful
missful, just can't stop doing it
the nation's top radio host Rush Limbaugh
Warner growing government intervention
in broadcasting content
no Limbaugh made the comments after his parent company
cheap channeled out Viacoms
Howard Stern from its stations
smart on TV gets praised
smart on TV wins Emmys on radio
there seems to be different standards
Limbaugh explained i've never heard Howard Stern
but when the federal government gets involved in this
I get a little frightened
even the Rushmeisters get nervous okay pop it out of the one
calm you down or maybe whip you up
if we're going to sit by and let the federal government get involved in this
if this government is going to take
is going to censor what they think is right and wrong
what happens when a whole bunch of John Kerry's
or Terry McCullough start bringing this country
and decide conservative views are leading the violence
oh that's what he's worried about
so in other words it's okay if his people are doing a censoring
but in other words if liberals
get a hold of it or Democrats
then it's going to be really bad
I'm in the free speech business it's one thing for a company to determine if
they're going to be a party to it
it's not a thing for the government to do it said Rush
who's duly outraged
how do you like that
even a Rushmeister is foaming at them out
pop another couple there you go
by the way Wilma if you'll be over at eight
Johnny and Miami says I'm a Paul that the recent events concerning the FCC
and Michael Powell
when he was appointed as chairman for his outstanding qualifications such as having similar DNA to Colin Powell
I knew he was going to implant right wing
idealism all he needed was a scapegoat
unfortunately Janet Jackson's plans stunt
that was the wrong one
thank you to a divert attention from her disgusting brother and generally
interested in her album gave Paul the excuse to establish the third rife
Howard Stern may ask WVU Endbrook has to show but Paul may shut down all independent radio stations
or let them be conquered by his team channel just stop
hopefully you enjoyed stay on the air you guys offer the only entertainment on QM
though Mad Dog is these not hit to see Moe conquer the waves with Guilty smoothing
behind them or smoothing his behind
QM is a Nazi in disguise
with Moe since he kisses corporate Tush and keeps guests off the airwaves unless they're his buddies
I just hope Bush and company gets sacked in November and TV and radio will be allowed to breathe again
though the election may be
what does this say forced in the country will sink deeper into fashion it might be fixed I think is what John is trying to say
and then I can't read whatever you say on the PS3
it didn't turn out and probably just as well speaking of QIMR investigative team found an answer to your question
what was my question who's going to be doing that game
oh yes
there's a guy
sucks
okay
yeah
oh Joe Zagaki in the beast
no other's parents is going back in his cage where he belongs
come up with some more neat ideas like some more of those rejoins and say
aren't you grateful that we're doing sports all day long instead of that boring other talk
uh uh
yeah you know that was a shot that was the right was a shot
yeah it was
and of course he denied it you know when I was there of course looking me right in the face
instead of coming up with some phony answer
that was a shot in other words the only talk that's interesting is sports over your dead body clearance man
you I'm going to say it again if we didn't have interesting
phenomenal personalities like the mad dog in the hump around for example
and a little dog
we didn't have those people on here we wouldn't have any audience because you see what audience sports talk
draws with uh with um me you know and the fan
and now on Fox with Mealymouth the people that nobody ever heard of
it doesn't draw squill squill squill squill squill squill squill squill squill
you can't even make up new words that's illegal
doesn't draw squat
let's see here's one from Brad bread read please put down at Russell Crowe Crab
a beautiful mind plus it says if Jesus would gay it was gay would he be a passion fruit
oh that sacrilegious that's bad I think we give that the
the cause of that's bad you got it a beautiful mind got it how can you say that it was
well because he was in it so rush is getting a little bit all on fire what's
going to happen to see I hate to break the news to you rush and uh no confuse them with the facts
but it's not carry and it's not a terremacolive even though of course they don't have the balls to stand
up to it but it's not that we're in charge right now
oh it's your fascist agenda okay it's the powerful
it's the bush family
it's the nazi family those are the ones who in charge and they know they can get away with it
because they put these other people in a position right you're not going to defend smutten
stuff like that are you oh no oh we're not going to do that no that's bad no no way
so do you want the lineup of uh k rock what do you mean by that just to confirm that how it is
indeed on the schedule no I know he's on all right he's still on well why do we need that
the facts didn't so there well I'm sure they must stream his show he's certainly in a
more and more much bigger company than we are infinity must stream uh their show at least that
show right presumably right so they can go to k rocker and the other like major stations that he's
on I'll say it again cheap channel only had Howard on six stations unfortunately for the Howard
Stern fans in south Florida big was one of them but he and and Orlando was another one and the
other ones were like in Rochester I mean who cares about Rochester said my friend brother wee's
and Pittsburgh and San Diego and where's the other one there were six i don't know uh Louisville
small potatoes so my any was far away the biggest of the markets that he was in that he's
off now because of third channel so the right you know they got 1200 stations and the whole
bunch of marl like in little like in Geneva and in uh ipsilanti and ronda quay places like that
September 11th commission urges rice to testify publicly bush to meet full panel
oh well they don't want no part of that the federal commission reviewing the nine eleven
attacks expressed disappointment yesterday with national security adviser kanda liza rice for
refusing to testify in public good old kanda liza it said please the kanda liza and she said no
although we've met privately with dr rice we believe the nation will be well served by the
contributions she can make to public understanding on the intelligence and policy issues being
ensanted by the commission the ten member panel said in a statement the pie partisan commission
also was president bush and vice president chained to talk to the full commission instead of just
the chairman and vice chairman the commission plans meetings in march with bush chained former
president clinton former vice president court to discuss what they knew before the two thousand
month of tax clinton and gore have agreed to meet with the full panel but i haven't said whether
they'll testify publicly clinton said okay as long as you don't ask me about monica and that's
staying white house spokesman scott mcloan said bush was still discussing the time and format of
the meetings bush has said he didn't think his public testimony was necessary right oh everything
has got to be behind closed doors like those energy meetings with chained everything's got to be
a big secret government in the dark that's what they like in the dark behind closed doors
and then they just lie to you they just make it up as they go along look at that blarewitch
project voters just nobody you're right turrets had that right off the bat what was the absolute
worst movie the past 15 years blarewitch project 150 out of five twenty two it wasn't just bad it was
that cruel dursing embarrassment and then of course a lot of people got sucked in the spending
might go see and they really got been out of shape yes right so from just in the kelly 52 glee 39
passion of the christ thirties seven it's only been out of day and a half i'll say it again day and a half
while while rest thirty six matrix revolution twenty five the crying game twenty one
that man in robin twenty freddy got nineteen i'm not saying that they're crazy i don't even think it
loudly no i don't want to see if that's for damn sure uh sent of woman sixteen arrived
battlefield earth sixteen the mexican thirteen six degrees of separation that was
georgias thirteen palpixion twelve titanic ten everybody else single digits kind of like probably
what happened to freddy on single digit we can only hope for his say which one wqm hello
hello
qa
yes sir
speaking
speaking
yeah okay nice talk of the schmuck
he lost his cahons right there on the floor
I beg your pardon floor
on the floor fl o
remember she used to be one of the supreme's prop empty six at five sixty qa
my
and look
this is four twenty oh five six
oh my favorite republicans this is mad drudge
and it's time for the excuse me uploading
it's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two power
oh
man
we got a moral is that cc
i don't want to show the city of new to t that's your own
it's my ability to clean your home mess up the father me with death
i don't want my baby shit your kid
like a pal for the nowhere to move that he didn't like what he thought when he sat
the one thing i'm good at in life is predicting that
air wave with how it's turned clone is part of the problem today
i've been the one getting in trouble for the last several years
yes
now in speaking with broadcast executives this morning they say all these
moves by clear channel obviously had an effort to improve their image on the
eve of this capital hill hearing no i can't believe that a little
up there from howard you actually wasn't saying any robin was doing all the
talking and as usual full of crap but at any rate
uh... know how it's turned on cheap channel and the don't want you breath to
see come back uh... i think it'll be monday morning on qa m
new morning show preceding us
yeah i've got just popped in city's gonna go work on it right now
and i'll bet he did with his scratches that when he said
not as i want you
and sing on one oh two at five sixty w two a m on a really bizarre Thursday boy
know howard stern cheap channel in the six markets uh... most of which uh...
forget about them but nevertheless dropped howard stern and of course the
big hearings going on right now in john hogan the c e
obi channel testifying all apologizing once to apologize
and that material never should have gone on our air and howard stern's a potty
mouth and we apologize about a folks leave maybe that keeps the door open for
him possibly returning to those stations as he keeps he keeps saying this but it
seems to me that uh... this clown this hogan guy said no uh... we've uh... terminated
from our stations and we will not put them on again so this guy at least not
listened to what uh... the hogan is saying right or your show
well that's for sure
i mean who would want to listen to this
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in Verizon
wireless line on a very ugly day is democracy is officially dead in the u.s.a
fact we're going to headline here in the paper democracy declared officially
did in the u.s. hey
thirty q.a.m. hello
hi i want to talk to you a little bit of something about uh...
one of the actors that i've got recently speaking
hey meal um... yeah one of the actors by the name of Carl Anderson
ironically he happened to play uh... judis and jesus christopher star
really he kicked the bucket yesterday
for lack of better terms oh no
so yeah that's a little more watching jesus christopher
that's a little more watching past the kites
so with that in mind
to say thanks to the bad news oh no problem have a good one
dragon mimey laces ironically my headphones are working properly
but i'm listening to russian i can only hear the right side of my ear plugs
when i tune into your show only the left side works what you think that means
i think it means you need to get rid of uh... you have an arrest problem
great trying to be very amusing our uh... let's see i care here in penfield
david rochester he cares oh that's right because uh... stirren's often rochester
so we got somebody listening in rochester
i wonder if that's my friend david i went to school with that i had to be new
with it could be
anyway they're pissed off and rochester folks their p.o. didn't live ill
they're forming at the mouth in sandy ego their psychotic in my any
and in rolando it's talking about what i'm making my software is in clear
channel is and who's the other one on it and pitsburg they still can't see
what's going on
too much crap from the coal mines i'll pitsburg's a little bit on the schmutzy side
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for rise the world is lying w.b. q.a.m hello
hey neal how you doing pretty good excellent uh... uh... my uh... suggestion
for your poll on the worst movie ever yes sir
if i can say that oh oh oh watch it
yeah it was with uh... chris rock it was about this uh... black gangster
pentastays neighborhood that uses uh... his belt as a weapon
yeah it was just really an act that the only movie i've ever walked out on
what word did you say uh...
to be cutie
to be saying to be saying okay thanks for the
for not to be not going to do in a few minutes
five six seven here all and we got that now i think we can still play that
can't we
uh...
mark i can't get up
well you'll be right getting the tougher is the climate of bed and start
today
george doesn't know it but this morning he's getting prune tang a brand new
breakfast drink that'll get him up and acted before he knows it
here honey drink this
that bad taste like grammar and juicentuna
i'm feeling good i feel like a good move of mountain come here a little
muffin
all jordan don't let it get you down
private new breakfast drink sweeping the rest homes of america new prune tang
prune tang it stores everywhere
yeah they're all with that certainly big and sound Florida right sure
put a new wrinkle into our whole of the other
i've never heard that bit before apparently
i see and
all the reviews are in
he enjoyed it yeah well that's good there's one we can play and market down
price back started a new idea i got a whole new idea
instead of making a list of the ones that we can't play anymore let's make a
real short list of the ones that we still can't
okay we're up to one uh...
there's one now for you up to one wqam hello
okay new house with on okay i talked to you earlier today about uh... what
happened on data and what i wanted to ask you what happens with all the uh...
advertisers that uh... you know page of advertise on the hardsturn show and all
the all cancel the all go away and i mean there's nothing that they can see or
do about this
i mean like what they can they can't force them to put a program on all i can do
is cancel our advertising we can't force him to put it back on
yeah
well it's just amazing i'd come to this
area that's uh... the understanding of the century good luck to us pali i'll see
right at the border there right the uh... falls
hopper to cross swim swim
five six uh... i'm telling him i mean i i know it i know it because people
listen to the show and all but at nil sure is the hysterical man he sure gets
everybody whipped up and and they think that i was exaggerating but you could
smell it man the aroma from michael paul it was just unbelievable and you could
see that these psychotic look at his face in the uh... uh... they fainting
outrage and i underline the word fainting
fainting outrage this is disgusting and i must and this is just an excuse for
them to take over your ways it's just part of the whole fascist movement in
america so when i told you a long time ago that i'm not too stony election
and taken over your government you better go step in line or else
and we had the attorney general put in a uh... a sheet over a statue so we cover
up a woman's breast i mean what are we talking about here breast
and of course the constitutional amendment to band game marriage which is so
important not
so they can pander these fundamentalist lunatics we've got the religious
nuts and the irony like i said before the irony is that after nine eleven
and we saw our graphic grotesque example of what fundamentalist
religious extremism is all about
and that's what's taken over this country and everybody scream it over so
some uh... and uh... still a few Taliban running around and we got to get these
yeah i'm not so worried about i'm not nearly as worried about the muslims
i think fundamentalist lunatics in this country right now right i'm including
the ones running it the ones who took over who stole it right and brought
daylight and you you talk about an october surprise i don't think that uh... see
my philosophy is this i don't think that there's anything and i do mean anything
that they won't do to hang out of the uh... reins of power whatever it takes
i agree that's what they'll do they're evil doers
they're the evil doers
wqa hello
qa n
yes sir
i got a position for your fault yes go ahead uh...
glitter glitter
yeah the one that was turned to the craft okay thanks palik glittery said there
was grotesque light
it blew
wqa hello
hello nio yes sir hey hi sir i'm doing all right i'm hanging
love your wordy show
yeah
i just want to i just want to ask uh... george equation
does he know any escort side
where i can go in and pick up something
yeah you can pick up something and then rush to use some pills to help make it
go away
straight or animals
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha where you go and pick up something yeah look at my
directory i think it's called clemedia
five or worse five or other nail in somebody's hammering in my do you hear that
can you hear no maybe it's jesus oh my goodness i think they're hammering
some of them uh... passion nails they're crucifying right there in the roof
all right all right there goes you just fell down again
go ahead hello
hey nio yes sir how you doing all right all right
no i i know you've been reading about a whole bunch of cover ups and stuff
about the government but there's a big cover up going down here and top floor
that you read about it yet now about what
but they want that yeah we just signed j feely and now now he wants to
he's there he's got to release then he wants to uh
son j feeler back he wants to read like j feeler yeah he wants to bring back j feeler
that's what he said and we just found j feely
well sounds really touchy feely me call upon the sportsers i'm sure they'll be
delighted to talk about i think clearance put him up to make him that call
don't you no question it's a sports call do we care about touchy feely well
maybe we do but certainly not uh... that
call up a mad dog he will irraculate on all he can he'll uh... get all whipped up
into a frenzy i'm sure what was the absolute worst movie the last 15
years like i said Blair wait nobody gonna touch that one fifty seven from
just in the kelly sixty two glee forty five with your friend jalo and bend
what's his name what's his name bend over glee forty five passionate the
christ forty wow wow well rest thirty seven matrix revolution revulsion twenty
seven battlefield earth twenty three the crying game twenty two
Freddie got in twenty one and bandman arrived in twenty every set of woman eighteen
i have to throw that in there set of one
twelve minutes after one at five sixty qm oh look at that
elegant services the secretary generals office as if true
the allegation is disturbing
it's disturbing okay one of the serving things going on
five local
five cities
the ring is all yours
qm
all new fcc approved and cv
we cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for a new american centric
i'm sorry
i'm sorry
carcin daily yeah you're out of here
you got a brand new mtvvj by digging up the body of snooki lansen
i snooki you're on
all well that didn't work out too well so we found someone even less exciting than a dead man
meet your new mtvvj
carry smith hello i'm how i smith
join me tonight for the re-improduction of the internationally famous singing group from australia
the sicker
you
the secret on continuous route starting tonight
on the new fcc approved and i'm saying
what happened to you this is federal communications commission remote group power
i'm certainly a funders and appropriate for nighan entertainment
i'm going to this question if i had to go to the
one seventeen at five sixty w-d-q-a-m well we can't keep everybody happy john out there in radio land
who's uh evidently in date county john is disgruntled but he's still less than right now have a great day john
john says dear niel years ago you got upset because you didn't want to see an assignee
drove by and somebody's yard that read vote for bush but you displayed buttons that read no bm
i'm sure not everybody wanted to see that did i display those in my yard on my car no
they were like little buttons you put on your little pelta hockey game idiot you agreed with the
majority that says lost vegas is great but to put down a majority of the likes of vanilla ice cream
uh whatever whatever that means you understand that your prejudices against people that like vanilla
ice cream big it right but i i like the people to say vegas is great well you'll be happy no i don't
go to vegas anymore i'm totally losing my money you constantly read articles explaining negative
things about bush but there are a lot of articles that say good things about bush that you think
they're full of crap that's why i don't read them okay it's called the neo-rodger show not the
john anonymous uh faxershow you and George preach for months before the election the to woman
audience that a vote for bushes vote for eliminating women's rights surprise nothing has changed
but they're sure it's how working on it rovy wait in fact they've got the woman they've got her
coming forward she wants them to change the law you noticed that by the way they got to her yeah
on your pool if anyone votes against you you consider them crazy people right but the majority
for your vote are the same people oh sure i can't tell you these things over the phone because you
hang up on me before i finish the first sentence because i don't agree with you right that's why i'm
eating your whole fax mug i think if you allow both sides to give their opinions your show would be
outstanding well guess what anybody can give their opinion whatever they want until they make
them asked out of themselves and that point they they move on and of course i know that rush allows
everybody to uh right give both sides any sure it takes home because you only allow people to
speak who agree with you you're constantly losing the out losing the audience but not you though john
obviously you're listening every minute of every day you're losing the audience who once had
before you turn your show into a four hour agree only with a meal show you become the same person
you're constantly complaining the other side is by the way Clinton was impeached not because of what
he did but because he lied under oath yeah box six it's good to put a sexual dion says what it was
all about okay so cut the crap and thanks very much for being a loyal religious listener john
and i'm sure that if you're picked to fill out one of them diaries that you'll put honestly down
that you're listening to us around the clock day after day after day and we'll continue doing so
until i croak okay because lines are said that is correct everybody qaam hello yeah i want to talk
to me speaking right now i just want to call and see these fascinating times we live in you can wake
up in the morning look at the paper and find out which civil liberty of yours has been stripped
absolutely and i also just wanted to say that it seems like other countries when they have a
problem with the government they seem to be throwing a lot of rocks does one of you might want to
recommend we do a little more rock throwing here in this country maybe there i go i go and get a
box right now as a matter of fact okay well if you can organize that me put something on your website
about a good rock throwing rock cool okay we're going to be doing that this weekend i think
right now i'll be showing up all right thank me let's see here's one it says this is funny
i'm always waiting for you to get the funny one mr. Rogers effective immediate this is says the
fcc watch and dc it's a it's a cutie mr. Rogers effective immediately we're installing an
electrode into your private tunnel and i will personally monitor your show rectum any offensive
remarks bits etc will bring a jolt of twelve thousand volts hope you enjoyed covering yourself
accordingly and as our usual facts are Mike i's going like and quit the using that life's name again
pervert five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and in Verizon wireless line
wm hello hello yes sir yeah i this is clear channel right i mean uh
neo-roger show that sound like a shot at me this is not clear channel man neo-roger that sounds like me
it's you yeah i was talking to the guy all right no you don't want to talk to them i just want that
number for clear channel to complain to two one hour for on zero it's an Antonio Texas 210
280 822 822 2828 28 28 28 28 i'm gonna call that man the schmuck's name is john hogan you won't
get hit on hogan do i leave a message at least yes they got a voice mail then when you get that
number leave me just rip him an ass hand this number out to a lot of people man everybody you know
write it on restroom walls put it in your glory holes anywhere you can yes sir all right good
john there you go john hogan the CEO man you're gonna be in a date you're gonna be up to your
earlobe with emails and letters and phone calls and voice mails and uh females it's gonna be wild
time for you mr hogan he will care because there's a lot of people out there in fact i would say
probably uh well let's see rush on the one hand but that's a political thing but a you know
how it's probably got the biggest audience of any syndicated show other than russian america when
you think i would uh thanks up but of course if you happen to be unfortunate enough to live in one
of those cheap channel uh markets and that wouldn't be too surprised if infinity caves in pretty
soon too this is i only see this is the tip of the iceberg with that with that feel
sure because mil carmas is already and like i said before when you've got four delays four dump
buttons and a 90 second delay and you still let stuff go on here like that somebody isn't doing
their job now he said i'm not talking about how it either huh at that's an eternity a minute and a
half we got a seven second delay they've got a minute and a half delay and now CBS and the other
networks are going to do this five minute delay because of the Janet flat seriously you people you
need to sit down and stare at the wall and contemplate your navel think about this on the super
ball half time telecast this is what this is all at least this is the excuse this is the rationale
behind this new crackdown on immorality on the indecency on the airways for a second and a half we
saw a partially covered booby and america has come a part of the seams does this not tell you a
lot of what you need to know absolutely positively i want to give you a kiss i'll bet but not in the
public man when the hell is it stopped and then in the mainstream media you know the big cnm smbc
why aren't they under screaming instead of putting these idiotic talking heads of well you know
this is really disgusting and you know come on hey do we want to let channel four in here for
something for what absolutely not okay didn't think so we don't do that crap no more and
especially well let's see channel four they know that's the all uh Rodriguez station
thumb you'll come on later you can be on her station with the Elliott Rodriguez and
everybody all the other Rodriguez and not about the other channel four in for what
oh to take pictures of the needles moving no
positively not just thought at ax no chance we know we don't play that game anymore here with
the local media now if channel ten would come in at one more time and white lotter day one
do another show on eating well we can't say i know we can't on eating out of meals and
well i was going to even going to say something else but i can't say that either it was a certain
fruit that is pink on the inside but oh see can everything i everything you say right everything
you say when i said that's pink on the inside there we go again right public credits no don't say it
great fruit it's the pits five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line you got that in marine music you know
all right i think here's the new format folks all in all day i know all the words all right
the way what's going coming for fun a friend we have in jesus all right
that will teach you you mess around with candidate anymore we're going to sick and marionne
and saline deon how do you like that and marionne her mustache wqa hello hello is this a radio free
america the last one man you got it uh listen i was just wondering when that's pure bush comes
on the airway next and that tells us that no one's allowed to get married anymore what's in our
response week probably a good idea uh listen nila we're supposed to close this border checkpoint because
i need to get the hell out of this i'll see you right at the anagra crossing man
or the piecebridge in buffalo unbelievable hey do me a favor ask your uh if you know
anywhere i can go on the internet and download kazalite i need to get some free music before they
come and go on maybe because i do yeah yeah right right 26 after one at five sixty wqa
america man your freedoms are gone you wanted to play this little game with these right
when you're stream is all he's okay and he wouldn't lie to us and these people that are over
there this war is well worthwhile and uh sit on was a bad man and uh oh the white
means he was a bad man we're talking to wet adults he was a bad man and can't at least it keeps
you repeating that too he was a bad man i'm able to well how come we stuck him in in the first
place in eighty two and how come we gave him all those weapons so we could kill the aranians
huh and gas the curbs battered and how come uh you're our good buddy chanee and ala
vertan were doing business with him just uh let's see three is seven years ago and outcome we got
that picture of rumcell over there shaking his hand what a big smile on his post he was a bad man
well we just didn't know right like penishit we didn't know about him we didn't know about noriega
we didn't know about the shaw of aranian his savak they used to pull people's fingernails out
careful he's about these names by the way what i'm not gonna say it 27 after one at five sixty
wqm if you're thinking about buying a new car truck you want to save yourself a lot of money who
doesn't we invite you to visit arms strong's toiot of homestead you'll find him on us one
twenty minutes south of the eight thirty six arms strong's toiot of homestead is worth the
drive-to-matter where you are because they're going to save you literally thousands and thousands
of dollars on unbeatable toiotas check out these great prices right now and oh four corolla loaded
including air that you own for just twelve nine ninety and oh four camry with air automatic and
lots more just sixteen nine ninety needed truck how about an oh four toiot of tundra the safest truck
in the country from just fourteen nine ninety and when you buy your new vehicle at arms strong's toiot of
homestead you get a free sun pass this was the first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and
batteries for life you can't beat him general manager david rich and the staff hold to whatever it
takes to put you in a great new toiot of two day experience that arms strong toiot of it to
homestead difference locally on locally operated they're committed to a hundred percent customer
satisfaction the service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure that your
service work is done and done right you'll find him at us one two ninety third street in homestead
and don't forget it may sound far to you but it's only twenty-easy minutes out of the eight thirty six
so if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who overpromise and under deliver then call david rich
arms strong's toiot of homestead GM right now at three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven
that's three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven for arms strong's toiot of homestead
drive a little and save a whole new lot at that what did i just say i don't know if i repeat it i
said drive a little and save a ton on your brand new toy and i watch it
we're sports video five six two eight
you understand the stuff of each track of everyone
here
George Bush there's a place you can land so that you can
all boy be he and now you said you
so dept of duty just fine might you be
absent in your mind George Bush your positions if they
cause John Kerry is up to to your fate it's those questions about the national guard that might
leave your reputation scarred
it's fun to say you're not
a w o l and you can't prove you're not a w o l
l what a funny thing the military can't find where you were in that one year's time you
party then you went a w o l your daddy helped you to a w o l
oh if you don't think of clean where the story that's real you might hurt back voter
on peel
oh brother i'm gonna tell you they got some uh DJs
the baby indecency of this he and i need to be taken off here i'm telling that right now we
need if there's anything he needs to be taken off it's not how it's turned it's CNN
right now you're talking censorship mister where do they find these idiots that come on and they
got some righteous bitch didn't listen to me and i still thought about what they were like
you know but we still talked about things like that and i didn't invent the subject and i think if
you're i assume you're brought on her when she's a radio talk host is that you can't talk
about sex on the radio it's inappropriate and you have teenage boys that's right teenage boys
certainly don't want to hear about sex do they know i want to see all about it and uh no they
don't and they certainly don't want to do it god forbid she won't you you better start cleaning
up your own act man you don't want to talk about sex on it do you think it's okay to talk about
sex on the radio oh my head hurts you know something i certainly the CNN has to be programmed off
everybody else's tv set there there are part and parcel of this whole problem in america with
a 70-year-old mentality they deal with these issues forget about freedom of speech forget about
freedom of choices forget about a sense of humor i mean god forbid anybody should have a sense of
humor no everything has to be taken very seriously and we have to be really very angry about these
terrible things that are perverting our young people right what a crack a crap man CNN it's the
anti-craced i'm telling you right now CNN is the odors Howard but a community standard i would think
being number one on the radio in a community that's not the whole and neither one of these people
that they're talking to now understands the new FCC guidelines which are read a couple of days ago
and i'll say it again there's no such thing as community standards local community standards anymore
they've eliminated that in their own fascist a fascist a way they just make it up as they go along so
now in effect i'll read it to you exactly okay here it is i can find it in order to be found
in decent the language involved whether explicit double on time to new end-door sound effects
must constitute a patently offensive description or depiction of a sex act organ or
expatory function in determining whether languages patently offensive however it is important to
recognize that local community standards are not used for as long as any of us ever were in this
business that was what it always was local community standards but no not now rather the FCC now
considers whether an average adult listener in the US would find a broadcast matter patently
offensive and the FCC will rely on its own expertise determining the standards of the average
did a listener so in other words if you can't figure it out they'll figure it out for you
the average adult listener in the US so in other words that's like saying that the people who live in
ischbaming Michigan are the same as the people living Manhattan the people live in a ronda court in
New Yorkers the same people live in Los Angeles they will mentality the people that live in Montgomery
Alabama is the same as the people live in Detroit pile of crap is what it is but that's what they've
said and there's nothing we can do about it that's the way they made it will decide no lawyers no
courts nobody else just as old bunch of funny that he's sitting around the table in DC somewhere
taking money out of the taxpayers pockets will sit around inside because we have appointed
ourselves as they is the radio viewers the judges man were the Martin Bournemons of your radio
and TV and here's the silly bitch sitting there on CNN right now but do you think sex is okay to
talk about sex on the radio idiot boy this CNN needs to be off the air now they need to be taken
off right now here's one of our regular facts and she says I pledge allegiance to the cross
of the United States of America and to the neocons for which it stands one right nation under a
fairytale with prejudice and bias for all and then she says don't give ascrop my name don't worry no
chance got some good news though little bit he got it can't be all bad news even though this doesn't
really mean as much as it sounds but it's still good news a controversial associate in defense
secretary Donald Rumsfeld is resigned from his seat on a key pentagon advisory panel
Richard Pearl a lightning rod for critics of the Bush administration's national security
policies and form Brownsville more than two weeks ago he's quitting the defense policy board
he confirmed the decision and a letter the defense team on Wednesday we're now approaching a long
presidential election campaign in the course of which issues that which have strong views will be
widely discussed in debated Pearl wrote I would not wish those views to be attributed to you
the president anytime and especially not doing a presidential campaign he's out
Pearl is a leading figure of the neocon if the ideological school and outlines his strong views on
wielding US military power against the Islamic radicals in his new book and end to evil how to
win the war on terror we need an end to evil in America okay and end to this neocon crap it
ends in these fundamentalist lucrative religious in America including Mel Gibson that's what we need
the people who want to impose their beliefs and restrictions and censorship on everybody else
enough already okay good hug as they say in China
and their own children are parents of my shame and this is what upset you and this is why you want
the government to give a absolutely absolutely not I'm not giving so why do you want to put this
on me that's what liberals always do they want to put it on the person who's oh wouldn't she know
she's a conservative radio with talk show he's well there you go but excuse me excuse me did you
fart oh here's a this on my clearance happy before the end of the show even though we did get
that one called in about jf feeling goody feeling whatever's name is jf
you know that one call about now we got another story ravens uh jimal Lewis indicted jimal
Lewis the Baltimore ravens running back where the second highest rushing total NFL history last
season was indicted by a grand jury in Atlanta yesterday on federal drug conspiracy charges
stemming from an incident that occurred in the summer of 2000 just before his work he's
seasoned with a team Lewis the 24-year-old Atlanta native who was the league's offensive player
the year in 2003 was charged with conspiring to possess with the intent to distribute five kilos of
coke and using a cell phone and commission of that act us attorney William Duffy said during an
afternoon news conference also donated yesterday with angel objects and a friend of Lewis who grew up
in the same neighborhood Lewis was traveling from Florida to Atlanta yesterday expected to
surrender the FBI today company advised Atlanta based attorneys Edward girl and daniel
samuel who are the lawyers represented ravens linebacker ray de luis on murder charges stemming
from the death of two men outside Atlanta nightclub in 2000 ray de luis eventually pleaded guilty to
a misdemeanor charge of destructive justice and exchange for the murder charge being dropped and was
given one years probation because he's got to run fast and do stuff like that that has to do with
right so there you go clear it's your happy now or what now we got a lot more sports heavy-duty
sports sports and anmari I say it's a combo to campy pp what do you say starts monday on qm and
marie and heavy-duty sports you can't get no butcher then I'll say that right now
you're my can-law this is sports radio by city you way yeah
look at all look at all look at all one pill makes you growzy my friend and it also
makes you high it but once my house made gave me they may be itchy all the time
go ask warla here she'll keep you well supplied
fifty
founding them who falls you'll believe her own bring me to a higher astral plate I can have a groom
run and not get busted thanks to my friends in a higher world place
go ask will them she'll get you some worse than a handful of those balls
yet I'm backed by some of the kids and ready to build those ovens the birds you
know is it in other dissenters friends let's extract the gold out of their jeep and donate
the proceeds to the rmc as a show of life support for our glorious leader and go ask will ma
you you'll get you through your show by putting the logic out of proportion to justify your
semen hage out my eyes I'm talking backwards my good old damn little clip clip
yep guys these go yeah remember what was limbaugh
all drug abusers should be 10
for twice 146 at 560 wqm here's a copy of an email a lori sent to a chief channel to john hogan
it says you people amaze me you just keep marching in lockstep with the administration you have
the most indecent programming on which is in stern it's rush you will have a lying drug addict
to be on your airway spewing his haton lies that aren't supported by fact are you going to tell
us that rush was completely drug free when he was on the air so clear channel supports liars
and addicts and people are get their drugs illegally lying on the stay on the air but you'll
just make an example of stern because he provides adult entertainment that john ashcrawt has
sexual hangups about why don't you and the maize boys do the decent thing and get rid of 80% of your
radio billboards entertainment and tv stations so a fair market can exist in the media not one
that's run by and be holding the right wings is lori excellent job lori love it she says his email
phones have been busy so here's what she wrote and of course the email address for john hogan the
ce chief channel is this is interesting john dot hogan at clear channel dot com is that right okay sure
john dot hogan at clear channel dot com also you can just go to clear channel dot com slash contact
us and let that know what you think of their crap just a total cop out bummer loves funs on monday
and of course knowing that they're going to go test to find that their feet are going to be held
the fire in front of the lunar to congress and i'll say it again i have no problem saying this at all
i've told you before we got two garbage parties in the u.s the republicans are more dangerous and
repressive but the democratic party sucks because if it didn't suck there would be people in the
democratic party would stand up for one of the most basic freedoms that we used to have freedom of
speech and wouldn't sit by and watch a bunch of hindrack himters continue your roting and chopping
away the constitution and i'm wanting to change it to put some bigoted piece of crap in there
the democratic party is an abomination and disgrace and if we had anybody reasonable other than
that old funny that he gets his route later as a choice i'd say hey let's go for it
but again we don't have any choice because the one thing that we have to accomplish is getting
these ultra fascist out of there but you democrats aren't held a lot better and certainly when
it comes to this issue you're just basically in the same area maybe a half an inch to the left
who are you going to go to to try to like go to bad is there anybody go to back beside the asel
you for free speech no your congressman no you're sending it or not
your state representative no your governor no your governor oh your governor oh look out now your
fat ass governor from pinak project for the new american century devious and dangerous as they come
a compulsive liar oh that's cute big aren't you not going to read that on you know i got news for
i'm going to be real real and so will George when he's on real selective and the things that i read
yep here's one from Gary who says i know you're thinking this guy is crazy or is this guy crazy
but take this whole election thing is that republicans can somehow keep this thing close or
continue to perpetuate the myth it's going to be closed well then it's like you always say by
hooker quote these well of course if they can keep the election real close then it's uh what can i
tell you they'll steal it again and here's a letter from bob wexler responding to this
factor in western dear mr so and so thank you for expressing your support for requiring that
ballot purpose be attached to touchscreen voting machines to produce individually voter voter
verified paper ballots all americans understand that elections are not exercises and expediency
but in democracy and that the right to vote depends on an accuracy every ballot and election
must be counted properly in the means for a recon must be available in this respect we face the
very real possibility of another national election debacle in florida because 15 of our counties use
touchscreen machines without printers and are therefore unable to comply with florida law requiring
manual recon and the closest of elections i'm consistently pressing florida officials state
legislators county commissioners and supervisors of elections that they must swiftly correct the
inequities currently in place in florida law and election infrastructure in addition i filed
suit and circuit court against secretary state glenn hood and pomadee's county supervisor
elections to resale a poor because these machines lead canvases without the means to conduct
a manual recoud i'm a sponsor of federal legislation and requires valid printers and provides money
to states to buy them but i'm not confident that this congress will take action on it please know
that i'll continue to advocate this issue so every voter will be able to verify a tangible copy
of his or her ballot only then will we sufficiently be unsure that elections in florida are fair
and accurate thank you for your interest in please call for me to be further assistance
a bob works or good man one of the few give a good pat on the back nice going body wrestler he's
trying hard but he's up against it i'll tell you one thing we found any politician that would have
the balls the co-hones to stand up see the thing of it is how it's turned into school on the year
last week what a shock public loves ones didn't go on here in Tampa just last week these are people
have been on the year for years and yeah there were complaints they're the professional
trouble makers who want to like get this one off the air they super moralist who always write in the
FCC who the hell cares what those people think and the problem is the FCC uses those people as an excuse
to censor what you can hear in the name of entertainment most people over the ages seven
don't want to hear entertainment it's geared toward a 70 year old oh what a shock what a concept
and when the government when male carmas in is put in a position that ahead of a viacom
of telling the public that well whatever and writing memo saying well just pretend you're talking
about a seven year old what does that tell you american the american government treats adults
like children and just like this crap on CNN you people at CNN make me nauseous anti christ to say
that to call you that would be an insult to the anti christ and the uncle too just peddling garbage
cock up propaganda nonstop we wouldn't have all these kids dying in Iraq right now if MSNBC or CNN
or any other ones had any balls box we know better because they're part of the problem
but they don't so they just continue parroting the company line pretending to have these debates
and these arguments these these silly exercises worth the end of the end of the brief segment well time
to go to a break thank you both very much you know and they're trucking and yuckin and uh
oh one fifty two and more pissed off at qam
my life and local we're sports radio five sixty zero
we're gonna go for margins and i'll have to pull one
male ginseng and belly blover on that we took the state hard for all action in lethal fashion
by force i'm fine i'm christ for god's sake i was supposed to retire tomorrow god
but i that's me dad you're talking about with james god of fini as the loyal but doubting
doctors the miracles and magic tricks people are bound to accept me as their Messiah
come on you're skinny you're from the rosaloo we're gonna buy that
wind of foe as the goblin like a puzzle golo thank you give me a kiss
praise and joe peshi as bunches finally what's going to name as punctures anyway
what you with it is yes i don't just in me come here i'll show you what's on this
egg lethal fashion part four
you don't know how these two crossbows yeah i know approved by the polo
you know polo this is pretty good uh let's go and we're done looking one fifty seven
at five sixty the mad dog standing by help you next to hebram or at four uh
move on dot org has got something important i almost forgot about it
they want to do that all you members have moved on dot org and even if you're not
you ought to be involved under energy industry pressure president bushes
epa plans to the fur controls on mercury emissions by power plants for at least a
decade the centers for disease control and prevention estimate that four point
nine million women and child bearing of child bearing age in the west that's
eight percent have unsafe levels of mercury in their blood
uh the people at hardest will be newborn infants every year over six hundred
thirty thousand infants are born with levels of mercury in their blood so
high they can cause brain damage we have just a few weeks to get public comments
to the epi on his plan to the for mercury controls it's time to tell the epa
and the white house that our kids come first you can submit your comment by
clicking this link which they have on air and then they got much more on it
so go to move on dot org and get with that also speaking of the internet
i was reading some of the uh stuff on the internet the hysteria that's
spewing around all over the place today about howard yeah
and they don't stream uh they don't live stream his show on there
you knew that i did i just found out Erica put it in the little window
not legally that is oh there they're ways to get around it but uh it's
difficult i was reading a whole song dance and you have to read a whole bunch of
stuff to figure out how to get it well people if they want to do it they don't have to
have to do it but uh other people too i see okay i pull question today which
would like i said kind of like a window dressing compared to all the other
stuff that's going on we asked what was the absolute worst movie the last
fifteen years we got a pretty good selection blarewatch project nobody can touch
it 169 from Justin Dekelli aren't they fabulous
72 god can't complain about their talent because
glee 58 the passion of the christ is only been out a day and a half and
christ it's got 47 already wild wild rest 40
battlefield or 31 matrix revolution 28 the crying game 24
pretty got the in trouble 24
he he he he he's got a finger band-man and robin 22
Senate of a woman 20 Kangpao the rest of it a a 16 vanilla sky 16
Titanic 14 pulp fiction 14 and a mexican has got 13 13 Mexicans
also the Hulk 13 and your favorite least 60 resist separation 13
okay listen we will be on the air tomorrow uh government permitting mad dog coming
up next and he better watch his step bye bye bye
The meal Roger show!
I'm done for the next part of the day, and may I am supported...
