We're gonna Vancouver. What was that mean? I?
Don't know. Look at that. It says Portland Vancouver, Oregon, Washington. I thought Vancouver was in British Columbia
But nevertheless that's number six and I thought I thought Vancouver was supposed to be like a mellow and laid-back
I heard and the surreal scenic and artsy fartsy all that I've never been there. I heard it's right seen
It's beautiful to pictures, but anyway, it's stressful
Mobile Alabama which Alabama one hands down our Yahoo, Goober most state yesterday mobile seven
Stockton low-die California eight. I have no idea why or what the hell is there? Do you know what's in stockton low-die?
Well something bad. Detroit nine most stressful
Don't you tell you see the whites of their teeth and Dallas ten
The ten lowest rest cities places you might want to check out
Well, I don't think so. I don't think you want to check out almost any of these all but he's connected in New York
Anybody want to live there? No
Harrisburg Leviton Carlisle Pennsylvania anybody want to go? No
Orange County, California unless you're a right-wing full-fledged the card carrying a Nazi you don't want to be there
NASA Suffolk, New York is fourth
Minneapolis St. Paul fifth
Well, and if it's cold here now, can you imagine what it might be there now? Right and our bromishigan is number six
Restressful and what did I tell you mr. Omaha, Nebraska seventh? I love Omaha. It's a wonderful place
Norfolk, Virginia and Virginia beats. It's all lumped in together there number eight and Honolulu
Which it's a great place for lack of stress, but it you can't afford to live there
Honolulu's ninth
Fabulous place and number 10 Raleigh Durham Chapel Hill North Carolina
Lee stressful and this goes on with a whole bunch of information for example Miami, which we'll talk about
Take some real cheap shots at Miami and well deserved
29 past 10 at 560 your controversial station QA
Where everybody hates each other like poison even
We think
Okay
Christmas
Fels
Year
Big
It's twisted here
Please take us down
They're creed from this gold
It's almost Easter you crown
So please take us down
We've been up since November
We will hear when the sands are came
But my now of your name is
I'll call it your name's
Please take us down
They're creed from this gold
We're the talk of the town
So please take us down
Please take us down
1034, 2064, 11 o'clock
I guess we can put that whole exact business to rest in very, very
Sucing fashion
Here's how it went down
Moe called them in, they had little meat, they said he sat them down and said
You can't do what I want you to do on the show, you're not living up to performance, etc.
And so on and bye bye, don't take it personal, I still like you but go to hell
And the Zack said well you know what a coincidence Moe because actually I was going to tell you
I can't do the mornings anymore, I can't get up early in the morning and I want to go can't get on the year on your show
And I want to get on the year and whatever else
That's exactly how it went down
In spite of clearance 35 minutes wasted of my time in Georgia's time
And this one's time and that one's time too
Try to sell me a bill of goods
It wasn't always the time it was good fun
It was not good fun, it was pathetic
It was an embarrassment so-called major market radio
And this is what he fancies himself as a program director, I'll tell you one thing Clarence
And of course tell you to butcher up would be like tell him uh you know
Janorino to butcher down, what's the point
But just cut the crap already okay you're whistling in a wrong tube man
You're sending your gas into the wrong tube but just wasted there, I'm not interested
As a matter of fact to be pushes me far enough we might actually have a little just a little bit of this
It was basically- yeah see
Oh oh oh oh
We might just let some of that commentary by bleep out on the air today okay
You get the fugue away from me Clarence
Junior if you know what's good for you
State of fugue away
Junior so anyway getting back yeah junior
Getting back to this though, I mean we're dealing with such a pathetic tragic piece of tear
It reminds me of a good time with him anyway before he croaks
Las Vegas has a robust economy but had the highest percentage of divorced um
And uh highest rate of suicides
This is chopped off at the edge
I think there's a factor there
And despite Miami's number two stress ranking
They maintain positive mental health
Oh man what did I guess they haven't heard this show
With one of the lowest rates in residence reporting poor health in Miami
Well I guess they stick into the acidity and it's not important
Like getting it into symmetry of village and all of those joints
All of you should be good for it but they're not
Anyway here's what it says about Miami
It says Miami has the highest violent crime rate in our study
As well as one of the highest overall crime rates
Making Miami even more stressful is the long commute time
High unemployment rate and a high rate of divorce
Despite these factors
Miami read something managed to- Miami residents managed to retain a positive mental attitude
Thanks to the O'Rodger show on WQAM
That's exactly what it says
Not
Is that right?
It should
Now to coma Washington we wondered about that
To coma residents content with one of the highest divorce rates in the country
One of the highest unemployment rates it's cloudy into coma most of the time
Suicide and property crime rates are high
And a brighter note the comans can uh
Fear less bodily harm thanks to a low
Uh violent crime rate
That goes on with uh does it- does it- does it
Tell us about the um oh yeah
The least the five least
Albany's connected to Troy
BROY
These hard working state capital is their surrounding areas
Both two of the lowest unemployment rates in the country
In fact both area score well in many categories
Like the worst rate short average commute times
Low overall crime rate and low rate of suicide
One downside of these northeastern cities
They're often cloudy skies and long brutal winners
By the way case casket over is listed
And you want the latest Toronto weather reported sunny
It looks beautiful from where I'm sitting
But believe you me do not go outside
Oh look there's a clip from that horrible leaf game last night
But we got a lot of excuses
Uh it's minus 22 Celsius right now
To win chill is minus 30 something
The high today is going to be minus 15
Can I translate those to like what the temperatures are in Fahrenheit?
Although the US had a last place in the world that does that Fahrenheit stuff
Let's see minus 22
Which it is right now is 8 below zero Fahrenheit
Oh that's not so bad
That's because everybody else is wrong by the way
I know that just like the metric stuff is all wrong it's bad
I think the S word comes in play there again
Now tomorrow the high is going to be all the way up to minus 13
Which isn't nearly so bad is today
Minus 13 that's nine above zero
So I might actually be able to go outside tomorrow
For a couple of minutes
Go get some sodas and vet injuries
And then run right back in
Okay let's get this other pool going
Okay let's quit dittoin around
Even though I have just a huge pile
Man I got piles
And of course we got to get a few more comments in there from
It's the same thing
See
Let's see if the election was today
For whom would you vote?
Well nobody said don't play like a word at a time
Okay nobody said that to me
Well nobody said don't play that thing anyway except him
Except yeah he was a little bit nervous
Well Mo you've got everybody peeing in their pants so damn nervous now
The sweat was pouring off what's his name
Head when Claret's had him in there for that inquisition this morning that's sad
Fat people sweat a lot
That's an advice
162 votes if the election were being held today
Who would you vote for will do this till new and then we'll start this other pool if we get some names for it
Wesley Clark 114 that's 70.3%
George W. Bush there he goes
26 16% and I wouldn't vote at all 22 13 and a half percent
I sure hope we're not being freaked you know it because that would really disturb me a lot
Wouldn't surprise me would disturb me greatly
Anyway here's the pool aside from the sex angle which of the days celebrities do you find the most fascinating interesting
Well you got whatever Britney Spears Parasolton they're all a big bore or who else
WQAM
QAM
Going once
What a bad start QAM on six that's always bad hello
Uncle now yes sir I've been here with the polls I've been on the screen list but I want to call the other day about Rush Limba
You said something about after reading that article you know here in in jet bush is Florida
He has made it so hard jet bush has for people who get any sort of drug convictions except his daughter
And that fat ass limba right with their forging federal prescriptions that's like a federal over at the felony
And his daughter gets away within rush gets away within back on the air and it's just jabs and ass hole I can't believe it nothing
How he got reelected just beats the hell out of me
I think the die ball I think those machines were fixed I don't believe me wouldn't surprise me I mean even in Florida there can't be that many stupid people
There's a lot but he's as a splite her was one who was really supposed to run for president
But he didn't win out against lot and child and quick enough to year before
Yeah, they got him geared up for 2008 now we're gonna have like bush for the rest of our lives
I'm trying to he goes the real scary one real ass hole
Yeah, I wish I could have called you up
And keep in mind he sits in one of those meetings the PNAC meetings project for the new american century
He's one of the movers and chakers and that very subversive shady outfit too
That was really a good article you read the other day by the guy that was about two days ago
And I didn't get a chance to call him because I was unemployed I was employed down
Oh, good luck you palying
Thank you. I thought the employment rate was going up
Oh, look at that I guess now I didn't see what happened this morning that caused the negative
It must have been like a bad employment number at 830 because I didn't see that I was watching the gambling channel
Huh the market?
Because the market for the first time in the Koonz age although they'll bail it out by the end of the day have no fear
They'll continue with this oh the Dow's down 54 point
Which is small potatoes now that's 10,000 five and the Nasdaq is down to only a little under four points now that it's almost 2100
Just keep gooseing that baby up man everything is great
How many people are unemployed? You're just making it up we don't believe you
And if you don't watch yourself we'll get some of them illegal aliens we'll give them that magic wand again
There'll be all of a sudden legal status before you know it
Where it is that magic wand?
19 to 11 at 560 WQAM
My and lovel this is 420 by 660
Way to A
Yes!
Tonight on Bravo
Don't miss network TV's latest makeover show where five single men whip a whipped married guy into a whole new lifestyle
It's single eye for the married guy
First of all Steve this is totally unacceptable
One should never leave the toilet seat down
Oh but my wife prefers that if he's just a stupid servant
I watch the free five designers of single life of the married guy help Steve in the kitchen
Hey Steve what are you doing dude?
I'm just pouring myself a glass of milk and glass
Oh dear single guys drink straight from the curtain man like this
Just single life with a married guy team even gives Steve a down and dirty lesson in decorating
Oh what are all these dirty clothes doing in the hamper?
Try flinging them around the house for a look that says a single guy lives here
Oh guys um oh when my wife gets home
You won't be here Steve grab a handful of dollar bills we're going to the strip club
Okay single life of the married guy
Do an in that is if the old Paul and chain doesn't mind
1045 at 560 WDQAM if the election were being held today who'd you vote for will do a Howard Dean against Bush on Monday and then the others
207 votes Wesley Clark 144 69 and a half percent
George W. Bush 36 17.3 percent wouldn't vote period 27 13 percent
Interesting how Bush came from nowhere to like 36 like just like that
That interesting yeah whatever let's get to this other pool now aside from the sex angle
Which of today's celebrities do you find the most fascinating let's get some names on here
Maybe they don't find any of them maybe they're all going to vote they're all a big bore
WDQAM hello. Yes sir. How are you?
Pretty good. Did you see the call of talent reveal interview the other night on nightline?
No well I didn't watch him or Pete Rose I don't watch chronic liars on here
Well that's true but a couple of things that are interesting first of all
They keep every one of the administration officials keeps relying on this David K report
And eventually we'll be coming out you mean David K that just came back and isn't going back to Iraq?
Well yeah but they keep talking about him offering a report
You know how these guys don't play or at least what the public perceives is losing hands
So most likely during a crucial time in the election period K will come out with a report saying that they found weapons
But they couldn't disclose it because you know was too dangerous of a country and they had a secure and a bad name
I don't believe that. You don't think that's not already said there's nothing there already came back there there is absolutely nothing there
Well how come they keep saying well let's wait till he gives his report
Because because they're stalling and hoping hoping against hope that somebody turns up something or they can plant something or whatever
They're hoping that he can continue stonewalling the public that's what it's all about
The other thing that he changed is where he you know Richard Pearl wrote an article about the PAL and how his weak need
And how this was this week I don't know if you heard about that was in the New York Times or one of the New York papers
He wrote an op ed saying that PAL and the State Department are to need
Sure
And one of the things that PAL changed the other day which was very interesting
You know they talk about the immenency of the Therese United States
He said well there was no immenence threat to the United States but there was to the region
Which makes it obviously a little flant little significant difference
Right
But why are you trying to back away from the big lie with a little one?
The most probable chance of getting Bush out of office most likely with hopefully
Be that somebody on the inside like in the Godfather where they found out where the sergeant was going to be
Somebody on the inside of the Bush team converts and runs against them and says this is this is you know we can't put up with him
And runs against him?
And runs against yeah your most interesting Paul would be PAL versus Bush
No, PAL is not running
I know that but it would be an interesting Paul to see what people would say
Okay, have a great day pal
Thanks man
217 votes, Wesley Clarks kicking his ass pretty good with our crowd 152 votes at 70%
George W and it's always that 17 to 18% with Bush right?
There's still out there, there's still out there unless we're getting a free.
38, 17 and a half percent for Bush, I wouldn't vote period 27, 12 and a half percent out of 217
If let's see let's get back to this other pool, let's try to build it
You think we're going to gain name?
No, maybe they just don't care about ours
I'll tell you one person I don't care about it all
In fact two people Scott or Lacey Peterson, I am so sick and tired
Oh look who's there
Time to stake, not coming clean a lot earlier
Yeah, I read I'm not going to read anymore in the air because I'm not going to waste all that much time on Pete Rose
But I read so many great columns all just skating about him in the last couple of days
I mean just ripping him an ass, I want to read yesterday it was pretty good but just ripping him a major ass
Good
He's getting a million dollars on that book deal, that's what it's all about so we can have more gambling money
And that's why he wants back in a major league, but he wants to manage in major league baseball
I mean are you kidding me?
See I see a great similarity between him and Colin Powell, it's like if you lie to me about something
You know not a little white lie, everybody tells those
But if you lie to me about something really significant like Powell did at the UN with all those maps
And here's where this stuff is and we know this, he lied to us to you
Then you can't believe anything he ever says and the same with Pete Rose he lied for 14 years about gambling on baseball
Now all of a sudden he expects because he finally came clean about that
We'd believe anything else he'd say
If he told me what day of the week it is I would look at the calendar
He told me the summer shining I'd look at the window
Wouldn't believe anything he would say
He's a scumbag low life piece of crap who wants to impress everybody with what he's got very serious problems
Let's put it that way
Of course we know other people with very serious problems
Absolutely
And of course the problem there be in that they want to spread them out to everybody else
So if you got problems that's okay, everybody's got problems, big ones, small ones
But when you want to extend them to everybody around you that's when the problem starts in
WQA and hello
New Year
Yes sir
What I'm talking about is the crocodile hunter holding the baby
Yeah, do that
Yes I did of course
What do you think about that compared to the Michael Jackson?
Lot of similarities
They brought all the babies out like they're doing some type of a duo
In fact, no it's not Reverend Jones
No it's not Reverend Jones
I know who's a caregiver, that's George doing the voice
Yeah George does Reverend Jones voice
Yeah I think it's a polycrap, anyway you're an idiot
567-0560, pound 560, it was not Reverend Jones
Everybody who sounds like they got a mouth no or mush
It was? No
It was
How do you know that? Because I know it
No it's voice
Oh
Okay what else do you say?
Have a great day Reverend Jones
You're okay in my book, not your an idiot
Aside from the sex angle, which of today's celebrities you find the most fascinating?
Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, they're all a big bore and we don't have anybody else on her yet
We might be able to go to one o'clock before we start putting more names on this list
WQA, I'm hello
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me, yes
Okay
Quick question, why are you roughing it in Canada?
I beg your pardon?
I say why are you roughing it in Canada?
I'll be back soon
Okay thank you
Okay you're welcome
Why am I roughing it in Canada?
Because I feel like it okay?
God Almighty
By the way I'm doing a show from a phone booth today
I'd like to get a call yesterday I'm doing shows from a hotel in Toronto
All got questions, they're all nosy okay?
Let's see, here's one that says, a fax
I don't understand the popularity of Clark as a choice
The rest of the world hates the West and it's imperialistic mentality
Yet many people are endorsing Clark a military man as leader of our country, it's ponderous
Well see, I'll get to it in a second
No healing process here, Republican military dictator lead the opposition
Great choice
Once again the democratic candidates will beat each other up before the election
And the elephants will prevail
I love the optimism of this fax
And number two, the reason America loves Wesley Clark released a lot of people is because number one
He's a war hero and number two just like Eisenhower America loves war heroes
Right, the man is a pro
He's in fact there's an article on our website today that pretty interesting from the nation
About Dean is the macho man
And that's one of the reasons he's had so much success
His society represents himself as somebody who's got the balls to stand up to bush
As opposed to the winps the other candidates will run against him
He's macho
And of course Wesley Clark is real macho
And he's a military hero and it's said and so on
Even though he didn't know what party he was in, it was the same exact thing with Eisenhower
Democrats wanted to run him and Republicans must have made him a better offer
And so in 52 he became the president based on nothing
Based on the fact he was a war hero from WWII
That's all, he had that smile
And a bad president too by the way, awful, horrible
Although I am delighted to remember that during his second heart attack we were able to read in the newspapers on the front pages
The president had a good ball movement today
It made me feel a hell a lot better and my mother very jealous
246 votes if the election was being held today, who would you vote for for whom would you vote?
Wesley Clark 167
Oh and what is this show?
The return of the husbands then did you see this thing on CNN?
Ron Jeremy
It's all of the potentially unfairness that they've been able to get into the show
The American strata, right?
Why participate?
I didn't think about that, I just thought, I just thought, what are these that they've done?
For me, this will probably show people what I'm really who I am
Queen, that's it
It's also a chance to be in people's living rooms in prime time
And seen as somebody that they like in their living rooms
And that has led to many of them from the past cast
Getting up and down
It's a real life with Ron Jeremy, Tammy Febaker and Erica Strata
Sure see some real, what's Ron Jeremy doing with all them queens?
I mean, wow
It's a bunch of washouts, pick it up a check
There's Ron Jeremy, take a look at that
What a tub
567056, let's get a few names on his pole or not
Maybe we'll just put our own in there
Because they don't seem to be cutting this at all
I don't think they like that word fascinating
WQA, I'm hello
Fuck us
When I get back, I will strangle him personally
I'll take care of it
Alright
WQA, I'm hello
Hi, is this Neil?
Yes sir
I was trying to get to you yesterday about the goobers?
Yeah, too late
WQA, I'm hello
Hello
Yes sir
Is Neil?
Yes I am
How are you doing sir?
I could have mentioned one thing and that is
Although I love Dean's policies and everything
There's something a little bit creepy about him
And I think that's why Wesley Clark is moving up
He is a lot more charismatic
Yeah
That's the point
No, I mean if you're just talking about to look at him
Yes, but when Wesley Clark starts speaking
He doesn't do anything to inspire me
That's what bothers me about Wesley Clark
He hasn't been very inspirational
There was one debate where he actually did that fire in
Brimstone and started kind of like an animated and excited
And he was pretty good then
But most of the time I see him
He looks like like Limp Vos Pugetti noodle
I totally agree with you
But I know what you're saying about Dean
There's something you look at him and he looks a little bit off
I hate to say that because it looks don't mean anything
But he looks a little bit off in some ways
You know what I mean?
I'll be voting for him but I'm worried
Thank you
Good luck to us
Yeah, I'm really worried too
Because we don't really know
And of course they're doing a hell of a job
I'm trying to convince everybody
See that tells me that they're probably scared to hell a Howard Dean
Because they're doing a lot of...
Oh please run Howard Dean
And he's the most easy candidate to beat
And he's Michael Lukakis or Robert again
If they really wanted him to be the candidate
They wouldn't be beaten up on him right now
So maybe they're scared crapless
Maybe they're on inside polling you're showing that he's the one that really has a chance to knock off
The Bushmeister
More than the chance
He's gonna do it
About your money
Do you think?
About your money
Now coming up because this poll is not going over at all
How are we saying the means?
We have some really fat
Huh?
We have some fascinating quotes from our staff members
And also we're gonna have a couple of comments to make
Before the end of the show today
You'll see
Got some really good clips here
I was taping frantically this morning
Oh and I'm gonna have them also paranoid
They'll be afraid to say hi to me
They'll be afraid, hey, what's going on?
Even that
For fear that I might get on here
Which is good, just keep them out of my face
256 votes
If the election were today
Who would you vote for?
Wesley Clark
Oh, we're getting freaked out
There's no doubt
Absolutely no doubt
Then what Wesley Clark 175, 68.3% what?
There's no doubt
George W. Bush 50, 19.5%
And I wouldn't vote 31, 12.1%
5 and a local, they're 65, 60
3 is all yours now
Q and M
Try the you bastard
I have usually the show
I have usually the show
Where everyone's ever known
Everyone's in the middle
They're all in on the scably
Shabling, fly up except for Joe Spine
Two guys, the win all the games
So win all the games
Word and everyone's name
And everyone's name
Well, they don't have a clue
That it's not true
We'll go down and play
The rules
Wesley finds out it'll be a shock
No matter what you think
Nobody will see
Nobody will see
What's the first budget?
He's such a coward
Who's simple-sab
Call it a boobie traffic
Nobody will see
Nobody will see
What's the first budget?
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60
WDQ, I'm happy Friday to you
I'm going to give this second pull one more time and if we don't have any
attackers for it, you're right. They don't get it. Or maybe they just don't find any of them fascinating.
Oh, it's confined from the sex angle. Which of today's celebrities do you find the most
fascinating? Interesting. Yeah, there's the rub right there because you said
aside from the sex. Right, because otherwise we've done it a million times before. You know,
Brittany, there's some Brad Pitt and Ollie and Ollie and Simmel Cram. Who wants to do that?
Aside from the sex angle, they're all a big bore. Oh, well, let's see. One last shot at it.
And otherwise what I'll do is I'll just leave up the presidential thing the whole time.
I. The whole weekend. Yeah, seriously. We'll just smit-can this. Which will make Eric happy.
56670560.560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Line. And notice this week, the tremendous number of
women that we've had calling in while we're doing the screenless now. We have two. Oh, I think,
I think since we started doing the screenless altogether. Yeah. Yeah.
Because they can't be bothered to play that game, I guess. And we don't have any listing anyway.
You wait till the book comes out of it. And by the way, wait from today. That'll be when we separate
the week from the chief. A week from today, the 16th, the 1 o'clock. That comes the fall book.
And boy, it's going to be. It's going to be scary. Yeah. So let's start blaming some people for it
already. Is that a way, George? Yeah. Did you say? Don't say that. WQM. Hello.
Good morning, Marikoso. How you doing? Okay.
Can you pull me down for George, stole your bush and got a place to tell you a gross please?
No, please, please go back to Cuba. Amen. And then when you're finished with that, go back to
Havana, go back to Cuba. Eight. Yeah.
WQM. Yeah. There's a lady for us. See? I'm calling because I wanted to say I love you,
but I also love George too. Yeah. So I listen to all the time. So you have to, if you have
the emails out there, we just don't get the chance to call in that frequent link. Right.
Thank you. Have a great weekend. Bye-bye. I think we're going to schmuck in the second pool. I
thought it was interesting, but they don't. You know, there are people that could have been on here,
like Tim Robbins or Jeanine Graffalo or, you know, there are people who might be kind of interesting.
Michael Douglas, Harrison Ford, right? No. Nobody? No. You're right. They're all boring. Five, six, seven,
what which means I'm going to have plenty of time because I got a huge pile. No, sir, say that's
good news on some other days. It might be bad news. That's a day that's really good news. WQM.
Hey, Zini Cole from Pompo-No. Yes, sir. You ready? Here we go. We're ready. Here we go.
Phil Spector for President. Does anyone go put up with that Ronnie Spector? It looks like I don't
know where she's from. Has my vote. Okay. Oh, I think I will play that Ronnie Spector.
That is funny. Thanks very much for reminding me, sir. I appreciate it very, very much.
More than you'll ever know. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a AT&T and
Verizon wireless line. Why am I braving it in Toronto? Because I'm a real man. That's why. Roughly.
Unlike some of you pussy's. Oh, if it gets under 60 degrees, we get real nervous. You know, I
used to say that. That's polycrap. Although this is much too cool. This is this is not the fit for
human consumption. I'll tell you right freaking now. Not right few again now. So anyway, in case you
missed the excitement this morning. And yeah, well, no, we're just we're just going to play like one
word at a time. You remember one day at a time, we're going to play the excitement one word at a time.
I'm not going to make it through. We don't want to lead it and leak out too much heavy duty stuff.
I just realized here I got the wrong disc and wrong. I'm just all stupid. That's Friday. What do you
want to hear? Oh, he didn't really want to hear it. Maybe he did. I want to hear it. The Ronnie
Spectre thing. What disc is that on? You don't even have it. We play Philip.
No, I'm not going to play it right now. I'm going to play it off the next break since we have
these tremendous long breaks today. Well, what a place. Hey, by the way, Greg, you're doing a
hell of a job, baby. Man, you are really doing it. I don't think anybody could be doing the old
dude who like you're doing a QM. Greg Reed. There he is. Greg Reed from President. Get him out of our
face. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of Verizon line. Line nine is always a winner.
Well, a line nine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I heard you ripping on Ron Jeremy. Yeah.
Do you like Ron Jeremy? What is there to like about him? He's an idiot. He's a fat ugly slob like me.
Don't forget his ego. Plus, plus an ego. But liquid, he's got to work with and liquid, he's done.
Exactly. So, yeah, that's true. I give him credit for that being fat and hairy and ugly like that.
And a name like that, jog and double joy. Did right? Can't stand Ron Jeremy and why anybody would want to see him naked beats a hell out of me or even
would close on. He's very entertaining. Well, I'm glad you enjoy, sir. I hope you have a great life together. Okay. Good luck to you. Oh, brother. I didn't want to work that way.
Entertaining. I don't think I've done this in a long time. At least not here. Anyway, I've got a I've got a thing for
which I have no sleep. You know what I mean? Uh oh. Yeah. I'm one of those deals. You're just holding it there and you're
trying to flow. I don't know. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's get this pull going. I think we're
going to Schmitt can it. I'll try another couple and then we'll give up on it. WQA. I'm hello.
Can you? Yes, man. Oh, I got you around the air. Right? I just called because I'm a woman and I wanted you to know I'm a
constant listener whenever I'm in my car. You make my day. All right. And I wondered if you saw the game.
The panthers game last night. I saw parts of it and I was just in shock and I want to thank the
Panther organization by the way for beating Philly because in overtime because Philly losing that
game winds up making Pat Quinn the coach of the Eastern Conference All Star team in spite of the fact
that he's got pounded last night by Ottawa 7-1. Oh, cool. I didn't even realize that. Yeah. I didn't even
realize that. So it had double double barrel. In fact, the Panthers are only four points out of first place
in their division now. I think it's fabulous and I saw the game again still in last week down here.
You know, and it was they played pretty well in that game. But this kid Horton is starting to look
pretty good. Yeah, he does look pretty good. You're right. And he's in the record book and I'm just
I'm just hoping the things pick up from here for the Panther too. He's no Tim Horton, but he's
going to be pretty good. No Tim Horton. I know that's what everybody's that just saying, but you know,
he might be we might be well about average anyway. And very great that that over that goal and
overtime was just amazing. You know, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah, it really was. It was a lot of fun.
It's fun to be able to root for the team again. So I just called to let you know you got this lady
support and I'm thanks a lot for being there. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. All right. Yeah,
the Panthers be fully 4-3 and overtime last night. I turned on a leaf game. I come in from the
store. I turned on a leaf game. They're already behind five. Nothing. So then I needless to say,
turned it off and watched other exciting things. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And by the way, how come Bob
Arey is on there with my old friend Mike Lang? That's embarrassing. Well, let me just also say this,
Daniel Alfredson. Just wait till January 31st. Just wait. When Ty Doomy and or Darcy Tucker get a
hold of your ass. Keep your head up, Daniel. You asshole. They're going to send your head back
to Sweden just ahead. You don't know what I'm talking about. Dude, good. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Hello.
Speaking. Oh, Neil. Why don't you change your phone to somebody that you'd want to meet?
That's a liberate. You'd want to meet. Not necessarily. You find interesting. But somebody
who's like to sit down and maybe have dinner with. Not necessarily female, but you know, just,
I mean, to me, I find Robert DuVal very interesting. I think he's a tremendous actor and he's
kind of guy. You just want to meet and talk to him. Have a conversation with him. Yeah, that's
probably a better idea. I think we'll do it. How do we how do we want to phrase that? What's
what's what the well-known celebrity would you like to meet? Have dinner with or something?
Yeah, well-known celebrity would you like to have dinner with? Okay, good idea. Okay. Thanks a lot,
Kelly. There's a guy who's got a new poll director. He's got a better idea than I thought.
Well-known celebrity would you like to have dinner with? Not would you like to eat? Okay,
would you like to have dinner with? I mean, you know, would you like, because it's a one-track
mind, you know what I'm saying? It was basically like, yeah, would you like to have dinner with?
Would you zip it up? That's it. Okay, Robert DuVal's got the first vote. That's good.
Robert DuVal. Mommy doesn't have a vote yet, but he's on the list. What are you losing it about?
We just calm down. Okay, we're going to play the entire tape before the end of the show today.
With, and then later we'll play the one where he's telling the truth about that whole
moment. I just can't take it. I mean, to listen to a bunch of overgrown children down there
carrying on with me. Here I'm a dodging old man trying to like do the best I can and we got a
bunch of little overgrown children. Well, Neil, didn't really happen like that and was by mutual
agreement. Well, Neil, you know, you're such a little separating faggot clearance. Who the hell are
you, Kidden? I think he and the Beast are doing it. I always used to think that was just sick,
but I think there's all the shtick and going on. Yeah, Mike W. Faxon says the last time a former
general turned out to be at least in present was George Washington. Ever since high rank career
military training of the presidency has run from do nothing in efficiency to complete disaster,
you may like Teddy Roosevelt. Hey, no, but that's just my opinion. It says the all-know-what opinions
are like right. I think it was the ugly general or just Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah, high ranker. It says
ever since high-breaking military I say, which certainly includes Teddy Roosevelt. Sure.
He listed his ass grant. He'd be right about that. He was a disaster. One of the all-time worst
presidents. I just know how it was horrible. Awful. Although everybody liked Ike. I like Teddy.
Well, there you go. Let's think of some other former military men who became how about Andrew Jackson.
He was a good president, seven president, engine killer. No, he was a good president though. A lot
of the presidents were so Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Oh, sorry.
5'6'7, 0'5'60', 345 votes if the election were being held today, who'd you vote for?
West Lake Park, 67.2% 232 out of 345. George W. Bush, 66, 19.1%, I wouldn't vote period, 47.
We'll do Howard Dean and the Bush. In fact, you know something?
I'm going to say, we could build that list for the other guy. I think we'll do Dean from Noon to 2.
I can't wait till Monday, can you? Yeah, I can wait. Why?
I got big plans for the weekend. What are you talking about?
Oh, I'm serious. Forget about that. I'm just saying I cannot wait until Monday to do this other pool.
I think we're going to be really interesting. We'll do it at Noon, Eric. Okay, I hate to keep messing with Eric's
mind because he's probably thinking, when you make up your mind already, what you're going to do at Noon?
Well, he didn't really have to do anything with either one of these. So what's he bitching about, right?
Right, but he's bitching. Whoa, you know, all we do in hell of a job, man. We have 30 some bedtime stories
on their last night. No complaints. He just keeps pounding him out, pounding him out, grinding that stuff out.
Plus we got that fantastic, that fabulous thing on our website. If you haven't seen it yet, it's a must for everybody in the whole USA.
It has to see it. It has to play with it. And it is that you can even play with it and grow it. The dishonest W.
Lying Action Figure. Just click on neo-rogers.com. And right underneath where it says click here to make the neo-rogers show your home page.
There's dishonest W. And if you click anywhere on it, it'll like a download in a couple of seconds.
And then you can, uh, diddle with it. You can play all the, uh, you can have the pretzels peeping out everywhere. It's a beautiful thing.
It's fabulous. 1113 at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog at two. We got what appears to be a fairly pristine schedule today. Although, although, I have, uh, I have by doubts.
That was funny. We may have another scratch out. I have another scratch in a line up there. Scratch in a race.
We got any word on that yet? No. We got the mad dog. Definitely. He's an ink at two. The Humper is penciled in the loaded four.
The big. Oh, he's there at seven. But you like it or not. Eddie K. Attendant. Sporting news radio. They views on Q.A.M.
Two to six in the A.M. Sporting news radio. Can it be any worse than ESPN radio? No.
A sand cramp. I guess what? They're going to have the same scores. Same team, same scores.
1113 at Q.A.M. If your house has been a little turned upside down because of the holidays and you haven't gotten around ordering the new mattress, you want.
Here's the idea. Do it right now from dial a mattress and get yourself a great mattress for this coming year and for the rest of your
rough or not the rest of your life, but years to come. Take a yes.
Tank is a yes. Let's hear it. The Humper will be in the load because half a load ain't good enough for us. You know what they say?
It's the same thing that I. Yeah.
Anyway, get yourself a great new mattress and take care of your health and your back and the way you feel. Get a better night sleep in 2004 by calling dial a mattress tool free at 1-800-MATTRES.
Celebrate the new year in comfort with a great new mattress like Sterns and Foster. That's right. They've added Sterns and Foster.
They're already strong champions. You have lineup and Sterns and Foster. Here. What is the finest mattress made anywhere in the USA?
And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making that one easy call right now at 1-800-MACRUS.
And of course, dial a mattress carries the complete line of the other top makers in the universe like Seely and Serta and Simmons, King Quill,
Tempura Pedic 2. Choose from dozens of models at a low unbeatable everyday discount prices.
And dial a mattress still are the only people in the world that you choose that two-hour delivery window.
That's convenient for you that meets your schedule seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM.
You want them there from noon to 2 1 to 3 2 to 4? They'll be there. With low prices, same day delivery,
pre-set up and removal. It's easy to see all of these things have made dial a mattress best in the world and customer satisfaction.
So do what I always do when the old mattress is lumpy and worn out. Get yourself a great new one by making one easy call.
1-800-MACRUS. 1-800-MATTRES or you'll find them online at mattress.com.
1-800-MATTRES or you'll find them online at mattress.
We're supporting you 5-6-E. 2 AM.
Okay.
Even though the ex-wife of record producer Phil Spector has said nothing but mean,
hateful things for the past 29 years, the former Romette has apparently changed her too.
Ooh, child! I mean to tell you, this is a good man.
Even though Phil kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but rice and sour skills,
it's a good man. Even though he beat me with a fin and inch of my life,
with his truck tail, a canvas, hard, hard converse sneakers, that's a good man.
I don't believe he can or anybody. At least I wait on purpose.
By the way, I'll be a parent of the late Tahoe Red Movin on New Year's Day in a live-day from
Creep Hillside. I'll be singing Be My Baby, Be My Little Baby.
Ooh, child! I've still got the pipes. It's a charity show to benefit me.
And of course, this was for the children. There's a pretty good chance my friend any money may
swing by the LTRI to take me home tonight. Ooh, I scared myself with my marvelous boys.
Anyway, these charges against my ex-husband is foe!
Home, home, foe! Sure, he tried to kill me once, but not by his own self.
He hired a kill man. That's totally different. We had a disengagement about me wanting to eat
pixie sticks instead of sour skittles down in the basement, and he flew off to hammer and hired
a kill man. I was bruised, but not died. Inconcussions, let me say this, Phil Speckles,
but in a spot my aunt, I'm still not proven in a said by a jury of 12 people who don't like his
two pay. I blame Palmer Cotney for this incident, for putting out the naked album, and taking all the
hard work by my ex-fail, leaving it off the record down on the floor. That caca, that's poo-poo,
and it drove into the killing that he didn't do. I must go! Mac tomorrow!
Ronnie Spector's opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person,
medication-during the interview provided by Bristol-Meyer Squib.
Okay, thank you. 1119 at 560 WQM, here's a facts from somebody from McGurie in Weston says,
Black Box Voodoo, this is a letter to the editor of the SunCentral, which they chose not to publish.
He says, his longtime resident of Broward County, I'm relieved that Ms. elephant has been
ruled from her position as supervisor of elections. However, I'm extremely concerned about the
county's reliance on touchscreen voting. Otherwise known as direct recording electronics or
DREs, for sure. They just had a problem with that on Tuesday. Do you see that? No, because people were
either too stupid to know how to do the touchscreen, and they had the one-state house race that had to
be recounted in the guy one by like a couple of votes. Any first-year auditing student will tell you
it's imperative to have a paper tree, I'm aware it's to compare and verify results. Professional
hackers can easily manipulate the current system, which does not provide a printed receipt,
to be cross-referenced with machine-telling. When Mr. O'Dell, president of the
DIVO, systems one of the DRE manufacturers, goes on record as promising to liberal Ohio,
his home state to president Bush in 2004, it's more than a little disconcerting. It's even more
disconcerting to learn that the programming used by these machines is considered the intellectual
property, the manufacturer, which means our present system can be manipulated and we can't do a
damn thing about it. It's also worthwhile noting that Nevada's just recently decided to purchase
voting equipment that generates a paper trail. With the 2000 election in our rearview mirror,
emerging like-minded citizens to contact our county commissioners and demand they spend the
additional dollars necessary to add printers to our voting machines to ensure that each and every
vote is counted this time. Nice going, Gary, and the Sun Central's usual sucks. Just like that
obnoxious act by the Sun Central here several months ago when the county commissioners voted
to formally oppose the Patriot Act, and they put it on the Sun Central website about three minutes
till midnight and it never made the addition of the paper the next day. And once the little hand
hit the big hand, it just by miracle that I saw it. Right. And once the big hand hit the little
hand and turned to the next day, the counter turned all of a sudden that disappeared just like magic.
Yeah, unforgivable. Just unconscionable. The way the mainstream media continued doing everything
to spoon feed and brainwash the public because they're all sucking up. This is the biggest
bunch of suckups I've ever seen in my life, the mainstream media, which is why 58,000 kids came
back in body bags from Vietnam because the media was sucking up right to the very end
right until Walter Cronkite and a few others opened up a mouth.
And it's just amazing to see they're doing the same thing now.
Had 10 more kids dying yesterday in a 24 hour period of time or less?
I got a great article by the way. Oh man is it good.
Yelp. Father speaks of Sun's death in Iraq. It's on our website by Erica and Finch in the
North County Times San Diego. I'll go get to it later on. We got more important stuff like
Brittany's wedding meltdown. That's what America cares about is Brittany and Scott.
If I had to see that Scott and Lacey Peterson at Frick and Mark Ergo said,
I'm going to puke right on my TV screen. I can't take it. I just cannot take it.
Can't stand him. Them. I mean, what is the why again, like I told you during
ALEON, the media decides what you're supposed to care about. Oh, this is very important
that everybody cares about it. Well, they didn't really. Well, they will now, because we'll just
inundate them with it for lunch, for breakfast, for dinner, for snacks in between while they're
asleep. We're going to just stick this right inside your brain. We're going to inundate every
poor of your body with whatever we decide is important and whatever we can exploit for ratings.
That's the media for you. A bunch of grave robbers. But there you go. Bag that hotel attack.
No casualties. There's the good news for today. No casualties. Saw that earlier. 386 votes.
If the election were being held today, who would you vote for? West Lake Clark 261, about 237.6%
George W. Bush 71 18.3% I wouldn't vote 54 or 13.9%. Now, woman, anybody, I guess that I wouldn't
vote, crowd generally speaking is going to be. Cuomo C. We'll see when we put Dean up there against
push at the noon. We on to that. We got it. My any arcs dicey space, $425,000 in lawsuit
alleging new bishop ignored molestation. Less than a month before the Miami arcs dicey
or dainned bishop Felipe Estevez or is the bird would say Esther Vez on Wednesday, it's spent
$425,000 settling a lawsuit that accused him of standing by as three girls were molested in his
church. The sisters now in their 20s sued the arcs dicey, sent the Church of St. Agatha in Miami
in 2002 and their suit they alleged that an elderly employee assaulted them on church grounds in 1989.
Estevez knew about the abuse of the time that occurred according to the suit but was not until a
decade later that he assured the parents he would contact archdiocese officials about the
problems. Then in 2000 the court documents say Estevez read the parents the letter saying the
statute limitations had passed and there was nothing that the parents could do. Ain't that lovely?
On Thursday, meaning yesterday, Church officials and allure for the three women can
form the settlement. Estevez couldn't be reached for comment but Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary
Ross Augustus said the timing of the settlement had nothing to do with his ordination this week
RYE! And Pete Rose never met on baseball either Mary. She said Estevez didn't learn of the abuse
till 1999 and immediately followed Church protocol which required him to report the allegation
to his superiors. A leading critic of the Catholic Church said it was beyond disappointment
that the arcs dicey would settle the case then make Estevez a bishop.
Had the suit settled for five grand they might have said we think there was no abuse or cover up
but it's cheaper to go this route said David Klo has the national director of SNAP
that it was almost a half a million says clearly they wanted all of us to go away which is what
they've always wanted and usually gotten. How do you like that? I don't. Same old tired crap like I
told you they had a little bit of flash and ended about you know in the media for a couple of
months they're back in June last year and other than that all of us done. We're doing it baby and
then of course they had that big phony conference again two days ago and there's Wilton Gregory.
Oh yeah we're doing it and everybody's living up through our promise at Bulkrat they're doing it
all right I'll guarantee you there's probably altar boys and girls being molested right now as I
speak. You're okay as we speak sure. It doesn't stop see the thing with Michael Jackson is no
different than the priest scandal. There's no difference there's no such thing as a reformed pedophile
so the idea that all of a sudden because they had a few meetings and they put on a dog and pony
show for the public and they passed a few resolutions inside a few documents that all of a sudden
that stopped ain't stopping by the way you know I got the poll for Monday all right let me give you a
clue the headline on this story pushed when I was mission to Mars and Moon you got the poll yeah
who's gonna go oh yeah I mean this is so unbelievable President Bush will announce plans next week
and of course this is so transparent again they were talking about this a month ago about
right what kind of cockamamae thing is he gonna come up with to try to put together like Kennedy you
know we're gonna go to the moon well and there's a bush they're gonna every time I think a John
Kennedy I always think of George Bush right not and so here it is a permanent human presence on the moon
oh I'd love to see Dick Cheney up there wouldn't you and maybe Kenny Lay wish well proposed
setting Americans to Mars anytime soon rather envisions preparing for the mission more than a
decade from now on official said in addition to proposing the first trip to the Moon since December
72 the president wants to build a permanent space station there maybe space cadets could go there I
have one in mind fact I have a couple of people in mind absolutely three senior officials said Bush
wants to aggressively reinvigorate the space program which has been demoralized by a series of
setbacks including the space shuttle does an actualize February that killed seven astronauts
the official speaking on condition man and immediately said Bush's announcement will come
middle of next week 400 votes even on the pool makes the math easier will change it at noon if the
election were being held today who would you vote for Wesley Clark 269 67.2% George W. Bush 75 18.7%
I wouldn't vote 56 14% said uh-uh count me out 27 after 11 at 5 60 W.Q.A. and we got a
pristine line of them very impressed by that the Humphor is back thank the Lord thank goodness not
that we don't love you booge but uh you know enough is enough already you know I'm saying what do
you say it's get this line of well it's already the ninth of January let's get the deal going here
for the new year and in the next hour might actually play a few segments from a very important
tape recording I mean to me it's like yeah and in fact we already have played a few segments I
think it's huh in the highlight of the show so far if you ask a little bit of editing we got
Britney's wedding meltdown we got that very poignant story from uh common dreams uh from the uh
San Diego uh Newt North County Times cheating uh Chelsea boy boy the inquire went crazy on
is there just pages and pages one thing about Chelsea man she sure consistent she is just like me
ugly although I think even uglier than me but she's a gore a oh boy she is just brutal she calls
off secret wedding good for her yeah let me just grab this you go girl calls off secret wedding
date is jealous boyfriend explodes over a boozy table dance with Mark Wahlberg oh oh oh oh I got
news for a Mark Wahlberg wouldn't touch her with your hand apparently he did he did well they were
table dancing Mark Wahlberg did did uh Chelsea we don't know about that they had out of town they were
I think she's I think she's a mannequin I don't think she's for real how tell you one thing that's
for real and that's the Atkins diet everybody and their brother now is hopping on the bandwagon even
a lot of the fast food joints are now starting to set you atkins sandwiches and Atkins this and
and that's because more and more people are desperate to lose weight we're fat we're fat we're
desperate and the time and place to start is always at the new year when we make our resolutions
find out what delights of west bokeh is all about because this is the store you've been looking for
it's the number one low carb sugar free store in the universe so join the thousands of
soft ingredients who've made delights of west bokeh number one in the world because they've
got over a thousand low carb products I mean they got variety for it not the same old meat and
cheese and seafood and seafood meat and cheese but they got all kinds of other good tasty stuff like
breads and bagels cookies crackers chips and brownies chocolate ice cream pasta and fantastic
low carb sauces ketchup cheesecakes and lots more they got the what is selection they're open
every day seven days a week from 10 a.m till 10 p.m you can always try anything in the store before
you buy it they've got a friendly knowledgeable staff that knows what dieting inside an out and
they carry the most complete line of atkins brands products anywhere they're all on sale every day
all day even on circus so if you're one of those diners out there that's trying any kind of a low
carb diet this is a story you've got to get in touch with the lights of west bokeh on the north
east corner of glades in 441 next to Boston market you can call them toll free the number is 1 877
low carb LOW CARB or find them on the web at lowcarb.com there's only one to lights of west bokeh and
beyond a shadow without its official atkins retail center
oh it's yellow baby it's right there you must rest in one man trapped in a strange world must
defend his honor his woman and also that weird cult thing he's in
to kill run 100 bucks not a nut he was the safest man who ever lived
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist it's as legitimate as any other major religion only
courses the last Scientologist if you call him gay he'll sue you for a hundred million dollars
but if you call his religion crazy he'll cut you in half light wise with a four foot samurai sword
will be and if not he's even willing to die for
dionetics he is the last Scientologist what do you want from me I mean besides my pain my fortune
complete control of my life oh yes my soul Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist
there unless you count John Travolta and Jenna Elton and a few other gullible Hollywood
the last Scientologist is not playing with your mind in a theater near you oh you know
it's 26th of noon I wanted to put Tom Rajan for a second
I'm metrics to expedite the processing of foreign travelers and stop noon or suspected
terrorists at our borders right by the way that kind of they were looking for in a french
on the earfriens flight that they said was connected to well kind of other friends say not
a full of crap but not not true okay okay so you know well you know an abundance of caution that's
the term they always like to use and abundance of caution and part of the whole deal is that the
British British ear pilots didn't want to do the thing with the air marshals they're like
threatening to walk out which is why a lot of those British ear flights got the later didn't
take off at all they don't want to do the air marshal thing and also KLM is said they're not going
to what they're not going along with that they will not put air marshals on their flights how do you
like that hmm I'm just mentioning that in passing okay there's Tom Rajan who said it's yellow
alert okay everybody stand out a little bit breathe a little bit easier take a sigh relief
okay listen very carefully now you go to different direction yes see
you know something I will play that entire clip before the end of the day you're going to have
to listen carefully in fact some of you folks will tape the show in fact to be able to own editing
machine out doing like piece together piece by piece you can get the evidence from that's right
the mole the hairy what well we got all this stuff going on I mean if the audience I try to
inform with the beginning of the show today about the inside crap that's just getting a heavier
duty all the time because we've got a grumpy old man who just won't stop carrying on and bitching
to this one a complain of that one and it's this one did this to me and that one did that then uh
yeah so you can't stand the fact that you can't handle the truth that's your problem
technical scenario to give him a what for you cannot handle the truth
and you can't handle the fact that you're being exposed for the kind of scumbag that you are who can't
get along with anybody else nobody is good enough for you Moe and that's what it's all about
so all of our people sooner or later even if they make a vagnet attempt to work with you on that
show and hate it like poison anyway every minute of it then you still they're not good enough when
they still get blown off the show unceremoniously and then if I talk about it on the air then
while it's all a big lie and it was a mutual agreement it was not it was not a mutual agreement
it was only a mutual agreement after the facts and somebody had no choice that's not a mutual
agreement anyway uh north county time santiago this article by erica in finch father speaks of
son's death in a rack Fernando Suarez del Solar stood in front of an audience that hung on his
every word when's denied the pilgrimage of church of christ in karlsbad through an interpreter
and sometimes speaking in english with a heavy accent the escondito resident discussed his recent
trip to a rack and the death of his 20-year-old son corpul um lance uh corpul Jesus elberto suarez del solar
wow suarez del solar spoke to about 40 people during a meeting at the north county coalition for
peace and justice he showed a video and pictures he shot during his trip to a rack from december
1st through the 8th he told stories about the children he met in the faces of the soldiers in
the streets of vagnet when we walked through the streets a curious group form in suarez del solar
said when we told them we run a mission of peace they welcomed us and shook our hands it was a
beautiful experience suarez del solar said he made the pilgrimage because he wanted to visit the
place where his son was killed by a cluster by a mark 27th he said the government initially lied
to him about his son's death so he traveled to the country together more truth but i changed
the reason for my trip he said i recall the words my son told me he said tell me about the
lies bush told to create this war but i know the main reason is the children of a rack
one of the most poignant moments of the evening came when suarez del solar told us to read about
those children he showed a picture of himself and several Iraqi youngsters in the photo suarez del solar
has tears in his eyes he said the children were selling bananas on the streets but when he tried to
buy the bananas they refused his money they gave him the bananas all the ethron return was a copy of
the photograph these children lost their parents in a bomb in a residential area that had no
military suarez del solar said now they live in the shell of a burned out building like rats
once the night was not the first time suarez del solar spoke in front of the coalition he spoke to
the group during a meeting last year as well shelly halidi coalition coordinator said it was
important to have speakers such as suarez del solar to educate people on the truth about the war
he has been to a racking give us information on what's really going on the country halidi said
we've created such a loss to the Iraqi people and our own men and women the devastation we
have caused is unnecessary Fernando carries a message of peace and the loss of a parent
the north county coalition for peace and justice formed in october 2002 as a way to protest the
inevitable war against Iraq they've participated in peaceful protest and demonstrations and created a
traveling Iraq memorial to commemorate the soldiers who died in the war Jim Brown remember the
San Diego chapter of veterans for peace also attended the meeting brown said his organization which
is comprised of veterans of all branches of the military also seeks to educate people of the
realities of war what better person to talk about the real cost of war than someone who lost his
son brown said suarez del solar said he was always against the war even before his son's death
aside from visiting Iraq he spent time lobbying congress and the UN to pull troops out of the country
he said his goal is to remove all American and English troops from the streets of Baghdad
but suarez del solar said his experiences last month actually brought him a bit more peace he said
he was surprised to find Baghdad a bustling city with traffic open businesses and people on the
streets before speaking to the coalition members his eyes grew misty as he talked about finding the
location where his son perished i felt better when i found the place for us del solar said i
put a cross on the ground i also saw the children in the schools and hospitals and i know my son
had a personal mission to help the children he died for the children not for the government
wow just heartbreaking but again you know the public is their political animals out there don't
confuse us with that propaganda all of that anti bush propaganda we got our minds made outward
huh you're a coward yeah that's right anyway here's the result of the pull so far the first one's
got another 20 minutes to go 437 votes if the election being held today for whom would you vote
Wesley Clark or George Bush or neither one Wesley Clark 298
68.1% George W Bush 80 18.3% and i wouldn't vote 59 13.5% then good thing i didn't put
Ralph Nader under you know that's just because i'm on my bloodboard is when i think about that
arrogant egotistical obnoxious old man absolutely no no not that one
right in local here's sports video 560s you a.m.
11 EC
like the yellow
light.
good
repeat
the
right
and that's why
we have a yellow light.
Can't explain
the
meaning of what these
lights do.
What is
my
tongue?
Which is
at his
dance
with the
set of
potential
to those
cars.
What is
my
What is
Have a yellow
light.
What is
my
tongue?
Something
they can't
define.
That's
why we have a yellow
light.
Of these lights.
Every
time
they
are
warning.
We have a
yellow light.
What is
tongue?
Something
they can't
define.
That's why
we have a yellow
light.
Of these
lights.
Every time
they
are warning.
We have a yellow light.
Be afraid.
Be very
afraid.
Okay, just calm down.
16
Tildona
QA.
I'm
sorry.
Here's the deal
without having to
hear Tom
Ridge.
The Department of
Homeland
Security lowered the
national terror alert
from orange to
yellow today.
He's
happened
in the
bopping right now.
Two senior
administration officials
tell CNN that
President Bush
signed off Friday
on this recommendation
which came after
several days of
deliberation.
He was going like
like that.
They said how
about Monday?
Okay.
How about Friday?
That's even better.
Monday.
Thursday.
Right.
Anyway, some sectors
will remain on
higher alert such as
aviation,
ports, and nuclear
facilities.
Key cities including
New York,
Washington and Las Vegas
also remain on higher
alert.
Oh my god.
So New York
Washington and Vegas
still stand higher alert.
But everybody else
kind of like
step back
take a little bit of a
breath.
So there you go.
We're not here in quite as
much chatter.
A little bit
lower lower volume.
Now we are here
in some very important
revelations though.
They'll love you.
Da da da da da.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, it's all going on,
baby.
One word or two words at a time.
You'll see.
We'll tell his tale one
way to do it today.
Now, somebody faxes
from the Hollywood dog
track.
The second race.
You see this in the
mountain.
I'm really, really
excited.
Yeah, Jerry.
Thanks, Jerry.
This is amusing.
Moe Howard
came in second
and the second race
at Hollywood Greyhound
track.
Absolutely.
During the matinee
this whenever.
Recently.
Thank you, Jerry.
It's amusing.
It's amusing.
Is hell.
Right?
Absolutely.
Shut up.
Written these wedding
meltdown.
How's that pull come?
We only got about a quarter
of an hour to go to
before we change it to
Dean against Bush.
I mean, I realized
it's only January,
but we got the
primaries coming up.
We got the Iowa caucus
any minute now.
458 votes.
If the election was today,
who would you vote for?
Wesley Clark,
314, 68 and a half percent.
George W. Bush,
81, 17.6 percent.
And I wouldn't vote
63, 13.7 percent.
Written these wedding meltdown.
And choir answers the
question all America is asking.
And you hear, isn't
everybody asking about it?
Oh, yeah, everybody.
Why did she do it?
Why did she do it?
She was boy, is he ever
grotesque or what?
He is a mugwump.
Years.
Man.
Brittany Spears wild sperm
of the moment wedding
from to a too-fisted
barroom brawler
resulted from a secret
dating relationship she
kept under wraps by
quietly seeing him when
she went back home.
The choir has learned
exclusively.
Brittany's latest
shocking maneuver horrified
both her mom,
Lynn and the groom's mother,
neither who were
consulted or even
invited to the ceremony
of that Vegas marriage
chapel.
And by the way,
they're on high alert
for the next 20 wedding.
While the Daily Press
described the wedding as a
booze-fueled joke that
went too far,
an inquire investigation
is found that the sexy
singer had a limited
dating relationship
with Hunky Jason
Alexander over the past few
months.
I think what they mean is
Hunky, not Hunky.
Hunky Jason Alexander
hooking up with him
when she returned home
to Kentwood, Louisiana,
hooking up with the
meaning of screw in
her brain sound.
Obviously, right?
Oh, God.
She was screwing that.
Oh, man.
I think every red blood
and heterosexual in the
universe ought to be
pissed off about that
and indignant.
Oh,
Sources who saw Brittany
in Vegas and were even
close enough to smell her
breath.
And since she was not
drunk while getting
her wedding license
or while time did not,
however,
now where is that?
Oh, it's not in this
article.
It was another one I saw
where it's got a picture
of the two of them.
Oh, man.
Oh, it's this one.
Quite a hell of a
thing.
I think I'm missing a
page somewhere.
What the hell is it?
Is that possible?
It's not.
I'm missing anything.
I'm missing everything.
I'm just losing it rapidly.
Oh, sure.
It's a very important
page and I just,
it's among the missing now.
But anyway,
there's a picture there
and they're both pie
eyed.
That's the kind of thing I
would say about them.
Anyway, in fact,
eyewitnesses who spoke
exclusively
of the inquiries say she was
heavily,
happily, deeply emotional
loving and even quite
tears of joy to alter
after saying her
vows to Jason
an old childhood friend
who once attended
the daycare center run
by Brittany's mom.
The inquiries investigation
also uncovered stunning
details of Jason's
violent past and present.
Brittany's bizarre
marriage meltdown was
typical of her
rash controversial
on a predictable
behavior of late,
including that
televised kiss with
Madonna,
which has shocked her
entourage.
The singer was entranced
by the swaggering
macho lifestyle of Jason,
who has had brushes
with a law three times
including one conviction.
After dating mild
manored pussy just in
Timberlake,
she was captivated
by the tough six foot
to weightlifter sources say.
Brittany felt there's
been something missing
in her life since
Justin revealed a close
source.
She was drawn to Jason's
bad boy image and
thought they were soulmates.
She lacked about knowing
him since she was a baby.
And this thing goes on
and on for about I don't
want to read.
To the pressing.
Especially now that we
know that they were
screwing her brains out.
Aren't you depressed?
Well, I figured that.
Did you?
No, yeah.
You figured they were
doing it?
She's a go.
A lot of disgusting
thoughts.
She's a slot.
She's a host,
beast.
All right.
Well, there you go.
See now, like I said,
people have a feeling of
optimism now as
opposed to being depressed
only moments ago.
Right?
I always loved you.
I'll go to back for you,
but wow, that's okay.
I mean, you're not my
type.
Stick with Clarence, okay?
What's your name?
Yeah.
Oh, no names are to give
it on these tapes.
What are to protect the
guilty parties?
Because we don't want
Mo coming in Monday morning.
Throwing another
classroom and kicking
in the door and you miserable
son of a bitch,
you stay away from me.
Junior, you're
fuginity, you
you state a fugitive away
from me.
Now.
Now.
What?
Now.
I mean, you're
one that seems to be
most entertained by
these mystery tapes.
Oh, it's the pre-want
tapes.
It's what?
The presentation.
I see.
Well, there could be
more dribs and
drabs.
It's not all that long
anyway.
Now, the other one that we
had on there before.
Part of that is still on
there.
Yeah.
Somebody makes me the
right offer, like maybe
10, 15 extra weeks
vacation this coming
year.
Maybe, huh?
Maybe I won't play
any of that other stuff.
But that on the other hand,
maybe I will.
You know what I mean?
That's absolutely
how bitch you do.
And by the way, I thought
you didn't listen, Mo.
See, I don't understand how a guy
who's always with his
centurion voice
insisting he doesn't
listen to the show
with disgusting
it's a polygraph.
How he's always
having a nervous breakdown
about the truth that we
speak about him on his show.
I'm listening.
Now, bitch, you are
guarantee.
I bet you everybody's
life on a rabbit.
You're a life on a Mo.
He got your list of
the right now.
I'm listening.
Huh?
He got phone calls.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
He's a great fine.
When you better check your
sources next time, Mr.
okay?
You got phone calls.
My ass.
He's hanging on every
second visual.
That's how I like it.
My time slot, I need
told it's dedicated for me.
Done it.
Anyway, Matt Piven's
writes in the nation
in his daily outrage column.
And I loved this.
I think it's about time
somebody said this.
I should have said it the
other day.
But even
even I don't have the balls
to say the way he did.
Now seriously,
this whole business
about move on.org and
Hitler's stuff.
It says that the nation's
John Nichols reports move on
dot org is being pounded
upon hysterically by the
Republican Party over two
at contest entries
mailed in from the public
not endorsed by move on.
Even apologize for
and pulled from the website
as the compared George W.
Bush to eight all Hitler.
Move on notes.
Sowerly, however, that none of
this indignation was around
when Democratic Senator Max
Cleveland, a
decorated veteran who lost both
of his legs and an arm
serving in Vietnam was
smeared by the Republican
leadership with TV ads
comparing him to Osama
bin Laden and Saddam Hussein.
And Timothy Carr had media
channeled.org observes
even as the mainstream media
has raised cries of shame
at the Bush Hitler ads
which were mailed in a
to a Bush Bush in 30 seconds
ad contest and promptly
rejected.
There's been total silence
about these still
truckingly defined decision
by the New York Post
to run a column devoted
entirely to comparing
Howard Dean supporters
to Hitler's brown shirts
and dean himself to
Nazi propaganda's Joseph
Gerbels.
Curse suggests you ask
your favorite news outlet
to explain the double
standard.
Two citizens send in speech
comparing the Bush
administration to Hitler
speech that's promptly
rejected by progressives
even apologize for
out of embarrassment
to even be briefly
associated with.
And it's a sorted
national news event.
But leading citizens
and editors at a major
metropolitan newspaper
cracked in print a
detailed comparison
of Howard Dean to Hitler,
they don't apologize.
They don't back down
or disavow and there's
smudge silence.
While you're at it then,
ask him how it wasn't
a national disgrace that
a man who left three of his
limbs on a battlefield in
Vietnam could be called
in Republican
party sponsored ads on
television and al-Kaeda
lover just because
Republican operatives
coveted his senate seat
and because he adhered
question the president's
war in Iraq.
That was probably the
closest thing we've seen
yet to a Gerbels moment.
Where was the New York
Post cracked Gerbels
watching teen then?
Maybe if the
Republicans police their
own ranks, a minority
of the American
public wouldn't be
entertaining dark fears
about homegrown fascism.
Well written by Matt
Piffens and the
A Nation Outrage Con.
I scorn Matt Ugo, boy.
March of hypocrites.
Just like Rush, the same
craft man.
All those drug people
should be in jail.
Are we out of the
start enforcing the laws?
All those scumbags,
those low life.
Right.
Well when you're going to
sign up, Rush,
when you're going to
like check yourself in.
He's asked how to be in
there right now.
He ought to be cool in this
heels.
Yep.
471 votes on a poll.
We got seven minutes in
county before we change it
at noon
when the little hand starts
the big one.
If the election were being
held today for home when you
vote,
Wesley Clark,
324, 68.7%.
George W. Bush, 84,
17.8%.
I wouldn't vote 63,
13.3%.
Oh.
And speaking of that,
what a good segue.
I sounded like Henry Biro there.
Oh.
Yeah.
Very close.
For Henry.
Henry.
Hey, Henry, lose some weight, man.
Lose an answer to.
We're also goddamn fat.
It's just it's pathetic.
I think it's a plot.
It's a plot.
I think our kind is like
doing something with our food
supply and putting like
a drink and us balloon up.
Is that it?
Anyway,
polls show is this is in a
heraldous morning
or yesterday.
Poll Hispanic support for
President Bush and more
grows, but still lags
behind the general population.
More Hispanic support
that were in Iraq and the
George W. Bush administration
today than before.
Sodom Hussein was captured
though they still lagged
behind the general population
in their approval rating
of the president results from
two national polls show.
The widely publicized
capture also changed their
stance on the military
before Sodom was caught.
More Hispanic said they wanted
U.S. service members to come
home immediately,
but the majority now say
coalition forces should
stay in Iraq.
The combined results of two
polls released yesterday by
the Pew Hispanic Center.
One was conducted in December
before Sodom was seized
and one January 2nd through
fourth.
Identify important changes
in Hispanic attitudes
towards Iraq, the economy
and the presidential elections
said Robert Suro, director
of the Pew Hispanic Center.
There's a volatility
in the Hispanic population
in response to events in Iraq
and that'll be good news
for the president as long
as events go well.
But it could clearly turn out
the other way as well.
Suro said yesterday in
telephone conference with
journalists.
While only 27% of Hispanic
said they would vote for
Bush in December,
37% in the January poll
said they will vote to
reelect them.
An increase of 10 points.
The poll and then of course
we had that thing on
immigration the other day.
Yeah.
Right?
Poof you are a citizen
while it's a proof you can
stay here and you can keep
working.
Right.
The poll sample is
nationally representative
of the Latino adult population
in terms of gender,
age, education,
national origin,
US region.
The numbers were not
broken down by state.
So it's not possible to call
if there was any significant
change in the attitudes
of Florida's Hispanic
population.
Oh god.
How could there be any change
when you got 110%
help president?
Amen.
He's going to get all those
communistists.
Come on.
How could there be any change
in Florida's Hispanic
population such as it is?
Kiss my group.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Boy, I sure wish we had some
spots today.
let's go on on scurrants.
Grant celebrated her birthday
yesterday.
We plan on happy birthday.
I think no.
Absolutely not.
Sick, disgusting.
In fact, maybe she could
lope with Moe.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't that be a marriage
made in heaven?
And then Zach said.
Anyway,
let's take a last look at that
poll before we have the
changing of the guard.
Who's named it?
He's saying.
Oh, that's what I thought he said.
484 votes.
If the election were being held
today, who would you vote for?
We'll change it to Dean
against Bush and Noon.
So you got three minutes
while Georgia's trying to drag
himself up off the floor.
Would you try to calm yourself
down?
Would you make it in?
Oh, I've tried.
A jackass.
I'll be good.
Wesley Clark, 331.
68.3%.
Oh, look at that touchdown
passed by Brett fire on CNN.
All right, you go Brett.
Ladies up in the sky looking
down on you on that big
plasma TV in the sky.
Wesley Clark, 331.
68.3%.
George W. Bush, 85, 17 and a half percent.
Boy, that's awfully consistent
with what it always is, isn't it?
No.
Wouldn't be by that.
What percent?
No, it's 17 and a half.
Oh, there it goes.
It's always like 17 to 18%.
The Bush people in this audience.
At least they're still there.
They're not happy, but they're still there.
And I wouldn't vote 68.
14%.
My.
And look.
This is 420560.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
American girls.
In American guys who only listen to the message
from the Uber.
Right.
We'll have their tabletop fly
as the troops come home dead.
They find the comfort of the night.
I'd none der the bed.
I never served in armament.
I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the TV far from live or old.
Under the covers you discover.
I'm a big city.
They would prefer to have some other
do the fighting for me.
Now this country I love is occupied in Iraq
and all the suckers like me
whose nicks are cred in the back.
Have our tongues all placed firmly
in bushes big brown eye.
The big mouth cowards of the world
who gladly follow.
Fly.
Hey Uncle Sam up to a parade.
Keep firing list.
But you can count on me to watch TV
and shake my fist and my flag will fly
from the back of my truck.
I can maybe out a pseudo patriotic
the **** in my view of the old white world
is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah I'm an armchair warrior.
You know it's better than you.
I'm an in bridge.
You're two parrots anything they say.
Don't have a reader.
It's so much easier this way.
To watch TV or looking pictures.
In USA today.
With my finger of my ass as I check out my brain.
Uncle Sam up to a parade.
Keep firing list.
But you can count on me to watch TV
and shake my fist as I know my flag.
So I can pull on my hood.
To proudly show the swatster cut that dude on my nuts.
The Saudis are our best friends in the world.
Like those Iraqis or Jews.
Yeah I'm an armchair warrior.
You know it's better than you.
From 03 at 560 WQAM.
How come we got the stuck at 499 there?
Did Eric disable the pull air or what?
I just don't know what's switching it.
Is he switching it?
OK at 499 votes if the election will be in hell today for president.
Who'd you vote for?
Wesley Clark 344 68.9%
George W. Bush 87 17.4%
and I wouldn't vote 49.
I'm not right there 68.
I'm sorry 68 13.6%
I'm saving that.
Save it Neil.
OK and I will put then now we're going to switch
and put Dean against Bush and I wouldn't vote.
We'll see if there's any difference.
Somebody is upset with the TV stations and so for obvious reasons.
It's said the accurate news reporting on my ass.
Next research.
Channel 7 news on their website.
Local news and we got it right to here on the show.
We don't even know what else going on.
We're out of touch.
Channel 7 news head on their story.
Driver killed when SUV falls.
Four stories from Broward Drive.
Didn't I mention that in the first hour?
Yes.
And did I say four stories?
Yes.
Right.
Didn't see an NSA four stories?
Yes.
Now channel 6 says.
On their website car falls.
Eight stories from Broward parking lot.
One dead.
And the.
The Sun Sentinel which is just an embarrassment.
Just humiliating and degrading that those of us in Broward.
Have to put up with that as an excuse for a newspaper.
The only thing it makes the Sun Sentinel look better is the fact that
the date counties got the hero.
That's the only thing.
At least one person is believed dead after an SUV
plans to retain the wall on the fifth floor.
Of a public parking garage.
I mean granted you can say well you're nitpicking now.
But there's three different reports on the same story.
Maybe they're counting from the top.
So we got four floor, fifth floor, eighth floor.
And they're still dead.
Treasure.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Just in case we're not building any polls.
We're going to get the Dean thing on her is like what's the story now?
I really love it.
Is he loading it?
Is he diddling with it?
We'll see.
I'm refreshing.
Oh, there you go.
Nice go on the psychic Eric as soon as I mentioned it there was like only moments later.
So now you got Dean against Bush or I wouldn't vote.
Cheating Chelsea.
I mean this guy, I could take the rest of the show to read this which I won't because she's
too damn boring anyway.
She calls off secret wedding date as jealous boyfriend explodes over a boozy table dance with
Mark Walbert.
WQAN.
Does the Q stands for queer?
Yes, stands for queer.
WQAN queer AMS.
We know it's W-J-A-M.
Chelsea Clinton and her boyfriend Ian Klaus had an ugly verbal class as he accused the former
first daughter of cheating and she canceled their secret wedding date.
The fighter up to that after Chelsea performed a boozy dance on the table with
Hunky Mark Walbert at a Miami Beach hotspot while jealous Ian looked on in dismay.
You know something?
What?
Have you ever seen him in Klaus?
Yeah.
That's it.
It's the same it's the same person.
Him and Hillary.
Only the nose has been changed to protect the gildier.
I think they got like a like a plug on nose.
It's an arranged marriage anyway.
But I mean take a look at that.
I have wow.
Holy cow.
He's got that same funky hairdo.
The Hillary dude that Chelsea's always got him with the real frizzy
and the couple remained at odds before they finally patched up their shaky
relationship with the romantic New Year's vacation in the Bahamas.
What do you mean it's a it's a phony baloney?
He's a rich power family kind of guy.
It's all.
Kind of like Charles and Diana.
Hey I'll get back to you Diana.
By the way the inquest is going on over there.
Anybody here care about that?
Oh of course now.
Why does anybody care about that?
So he has bridge stuff.
They're finally getting around to the inquest because they got a pacified old duty fired there.
You know.
He's having a he's having a Schmidt fit.
Well the royal family had her killed and you know what maybe they did.
And so what about it now?
What are you going to do about it?
Put the queen in jail?
Okay.
Would be the first queen in jail.
I guarantee you that.
Look at that.
We got a quick 10 votes on there in the Howard Dean pool.
Seven for Howard Dean.
Wait the quick 22 votes.
19 for Dean.
I wouldn't vote two in George W. Bush one.
It was really interesting and the other one too with Clark and Bush how the initials spurts.
Squirt squirt.
We're like so heavily.
I mean like almost overwhelming and then the Bush people a little bit slowly a little
reluctantly.
Maybe is the word go you know got around.
Maybe they're receiving phone calls the daisy chain.
You know what I mean?
They're getting the same phone calls that absolutely somebody else was getting yesterday.
Well I actually have it.
I have another job I can do.
Yeah well you better get prepared for it.
John Bene for gotten DNA evidence appears key figures.
I got just a pile of stuff here and I'll go through it.
I mean we take some calls but generally there aren't any and that first one's in indication
that they got no material because we're not building a poll.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Speak now if wherever hold your piece okay hold it.
I don't see anything happening on here.
They got nothing to say.
What are busy voting on the poll now?
Don't you think it's going to be interesting to see if Dean and of course Dean will be on all
weekend long but the percentages is what's going to tell the tale right?
Right.
That daisy chain might be going out though maybe them phone calls will be going on all over town.
WQM line 6.
Hello Neil.
Yes.
Are we blessed to live in something?
Oh yeah the dolphin's lost.
See what I mean?
All right.
Boy you you can tell when you've been doing the show for at least a week you can tell right off the bat
when you people are flat out of material.
Got absolutely nothing to say.
I thought that letter that I read that father of the dead soldier in Iraq.
I thought that was pretty poignant.
Maybe that maybe they're too choked up to talk like I would.
Yeah they're choked out all right they're gagging.
Absolutely.
What they're doing they're probably on the phone with right now getting the real stir on what happened
yesterday with what's the name getting canned off the morning show?
Dada da da da.
Yeah.
I think there's a master of words man if anybody could sum it up it's old.
What's his name?
Yeah.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let's see how many I mean this thing should be like powerful if Dean is really
48 votes 40 for Dean 83.3% George W 4 votes and I wouldn't vote for it.
Well that's how do you like that?
Hmm.
Ain't that interesting?
It is interesting.
And in case you missed the beginning of the show the latest channel 8 the Moin Iowa pool
taking the last couple of days which they released last night.
It showed how are Dean 29% in Iowa?
Dick Gavhart 25% John Kerry had what what he had?
I already schmitcated I think.
No there it is.
Kerry had 18% John Edwards 8% Wesley Clark only 3%
Julie Lieberman and Dennis get sinners each had 2%
and Carol Moesley brought Al Sharpton didn't register because there are no
schwarzers in Iowa.
So that's the bottom line that and the latest national pool on AP I mean
granted it's only January 41% of the respondents nationwide
according to AP say they'll definitely vote for Bush this year 33%
definitely going to vote against him and 24%
undecided.
But again keep in mind that's a fairly on the heels of the capture of
Sodom on all these other wonderful good things that are happening
right the head of the war soldiers back home.
Right there you go.
Economy great oh by the way speaking of the economy the
jobs report and what did I tell you the Nasdaq is up nine points now I'm
telling you man I don't want to say that I'm suspicious.
The jobs report they were the so called experts were looking for 130
thousand new jobs in December.
Yes how many there were about 30 1000.
They were looking for 130 thousand new jobs in December 1000.
I just mentioned that in passing and of course of those
thousand probably how many were it McDonald's and Burger King and keep
in mind in December the kind of people that are working like Christmas
time stuff like that.
But hey we don't want to like PN everybody's parade just like they got a
call before they just got laid off 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
The ball is in your court for our court come November what's
what selection day can you look ahead and encounter there can
Josh like flip a little bit flip it.
Flip out the November and see what actual day the first Tuesday in November is
after the first Monday.
One moment please.
Isn't that what the deal is the first Tuesday after the first Monday.
Right election day.
Right there it's Tuesday the second.
Really?
Really?
It's a little bit earlier.
So we have a couple of there in fact wouldn't that be a great birthday present
on.
Yeah remember I said that in 1968 it would be a great birthday present
if you were up it would have beaten it's in what?
Your birthday's on Friday we could have a big blowout.
All right went it down blow it out.
There was a court error not.
Yeah.
Oops.
WQAM hello hello new yes sir.
Hey I was just thinking about that up what do you call monetary fund.
Before you read yesterday and I heard about around the news also yesterday I am.
Yeah I am that that's it I think George Bush will just say print some more money.
This stupid ass right.
Or we can get the mayor's kid the prince of more money and Miami he can
please.
I'm gonna call him up right now.
All right good luck to pali don't forget we get half we get half share and share
alike or maybe that's a bitch in Cleveland we're lucky to get her hooks into it.
Everybody has passed.
I mean talk about having no self-respect at all I mean what a money grub and bitch
lion slut.
She got the tears in her eyes.
Oh I apologize and I wish the best to a little what's your name there.
Man just enough to make your gag.
Of course if we'd have thought we could get away with it.
Huh?
You won't get too many people who admitted but if you thought you could get away with saying
I had to take it but I lost it and I really am entitled to 162 million.
You get given it a shot.
No.
Huh?
I mean I wanted to lost ticket out of kept it but I wouldn't go through a scam like that.
Why not?
Because that's coming.
Come on.
Sorry.
If you let me say it again see you missed the first part.
If you actually really believe somehow that you can get away with it.
No.
Huh?
Not my style.
Oh I see.
I give it a shot.
From 13 at 560 WQM hey I'll tell you one thing don't let your car get in the hands of some
goofball out there's going to screw it all up for you or rip you off with any kind of a car repair.
Take it to EF Tyrant Auto repair there is 50 83 North Federal Highway just a mile and
half north of Sample Road in Pompano Beach.
Believe you mean they won't do any repairs that you don't absolutely need and they will not
rip your ass off.
And EF Tyrant Auto repair experience the difference that experience makes they know their stuff.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians current with all the latest technology
and most of these guys have been with the EF team for nearly 20 years.
The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience and no job is too big or too small
at EF from a blown fuse or blown engine from a 73 to an 0 4 Bentley.
The folks at EF Tyrant Auto repair do it all.
All jobs are meticulously double checked that's just ordinary plain double check but meticulously
double checked for accuracy by the shop format and every single car is cleaned upon completion
of the work. EF honors most extended warranties and they offer you wide-await service on most
repairs too. EF Tyrant Auto repair there at 50 83 North Federal Highway in Precious Pompano Beach
column at 954 426 9926 954 426 9926 be sure and tell them that old Neal told you to call and
when you do make that call ask about their 90 days same as cash the interest credit card.
EF Tyrant Auto repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful
automotive repair joints in the entire USA and EF their motto is nobody cares more
and nobody nowhere will work harder to earn your business.
My life and love this is Fort Real Phi City.
First it was a hit on MTV then a number one movie now it's coming to Broadway.
It's Jackass the musical starring Johnny Knoxville.
Yes all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes to create
Jackass the musical wow the music the dancing the guy eating a yellow snow cone it was better than
cats 76 dumb guys crashing all cars 76 I it's wheels of hands
don't miss jackass the musical with all your favorite jackasses on stage singing
torch songs then setting their hair on fire with them.
I'm Steve I'm Steve I'm just
Rick in local I'm hurting myself today
The great white way has just turned black and blue thanks to jackass the musical
you're telling me that he got blown off a show.
I look all I know is he got blown off the show.
Claremont was snacking him hard when he told you that version A I want to hear from the beast.
I know is I witnessed the conversation in the bullpen.
There you go there's part one I told you we played a whole thing tonight.
Yeah you did we're not going to play anything with and serving out with but this other part
why not right right. I mean let's get the two story out there now that we got somebody
in total denial who keeps blown people off his show and then gets very
indignant and the psychotic and kicking indoors and threatening people because of the fact that
we had the balls to tell the truth about it here on the air you see this like I'll say it again
and I'm sure that most of you people if you work in an office you work in any kind of a business
you know people like this or you've known them in the past people like to stir up all kinds of
crap behind the scenes who are absolute to argue be a good example Sandy Payton okay.
Do you ever remember every not that I ever worked with her but everybody we talked to
QA at IOD that worked with her said the same thing she was a miserable hateful bitch impossible
to work with just a nasty rotten piece of crap yes they said this and on the air lovely lady she
put on his phone eora you know a lovely lady and everybody thought she was so gentil and all
the sort of crap not gentile but definitely gentil yeah come to find out she was a miserable hateful
bitch in fact why couldn't Reneerie still be alive at well you know I'm thinking that's bad
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line we got the first 98 votes here in no time at all
on Howard Dean and Bush 102 votes now if the election and I got a good idea okay what because we
still have plenty of time it's only 12 20 damn it it's only 12 20 but we can like do this other pool
because we don't want to do two hours on Wesley Clark and Bush and then do the whole weekend on
Dean see what I'm saying all right and give all the freepers a chance to get on there and
diddle it all up so we'll build this other pool because the car had a great idea what well known
celebrity would you like to have dinner with so at the end of the show you see what I'm saying okay
when the show is over we'll put up whatever list we got we got Robert Duval on there when we
got a list of one that's a good choice I got one but I feel like I have to justify it go ahead
I know that I'm gonna get a good dinner and I know that it's gonna be really interesting
over the other stories no no no Marlon Brando Marlon Brando is excellent you'll put on a big feedback
oh I you don't have to be defensive about that I think that's the most different choice I
bet you he'd have some stories man would have to hear a curl on your ass and I get to visit that
island right so that's a good choice okay so that is the poll question for like two o'clock
through the weekend because we don't want to leave any of these people that we put on there
against Bush we want two hours here two hours there we want to keep it on a fair sledding no way
no huh keep it on even keel no right well why not I don't care who wins I'd like to say I'm
curious to see how this audience is hangin it out 102 votes how are Dean 82 I wouldn't vote 12
and George W Bush 8 now won't you be kind of surprised if Howard Dean does much much better than
mostly Clark did that would be surprising in our audience huh in our audience why would the
Bush people like Dean more than Clark in other words why would why would people that would have
voted for Bush or you know against Clark vote for Dean instead over Bush myself
that's what he's voting for himself what's his name yeah seriously the audience I know that
we have a lot a lot of people out there will never convince and that's okay I you believe whatever
you want that's the way people are but they really think that this whole thing is all sick and
it's all we're just making a Q a you don't have to make anything up believe me you have to have
any kind of a limited or vivid imagination just go with the flow lie nine I've just got a good one
for the poll Q a.m. Hello isn't more Howard David I see what I mean I know it W Q a.m. Hello
hi yeah can I speak with now speaking hi Neil how you doing I'm doing okay how are you I'm doing good I
I'm listening to you Paul and uh so I believe that I think would be cool to have dinner with would be
Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones right imagine the stories that guy could tell you imagine a good
crappy bring along with him too yeah yeah it's a plus I mean saw a little after dinner uh
smoke yeah whatever whatever yeah yeah I just I just kind of thought uh you know a world of people
why not get a get a guy that's an insane as long as he's picking up the tab right you know he's
insane he's probably got a million stories probably got to happen does a little hotty chasing him
and uh if he picks up the tab everything looks good I know he's probably not gonna match up on
your Paul but uh if I was gonna go out with a celebrity to have dinner I think we'll be Keith Richards
okay you got him a good choice thanks all right thank you see yeah I'm trying to think of who I would
vote for actually I'm like working on I haven't decided yet it's not that easy it's not no it kind
of it's it is kind of like going back to the other pool that I was doing although I think the
color earlier put it phrased it much better than I did and obviously we're gonna get a little
bit better result we already do but it's just uh yeah most most celebrities are boring then
have to be a celebrity could be a politician could be um just about anybody right right what well
known no it can't because it says celebrity right on here like I said it can't be just anybody
maybe we're not phrasing that right how about what well-known person would you like to have dinner with
doesn't that make the celebrity no because the politicians aren't the uh what well-known person
would you like to have dinner with on my choice I got it already because I just changed it
Michael Moore okay good choice although it probably cost me a few bucks the way he eats he's even
more than I do but boy I'd love to sit down with him for a couple hours at Ruth Chris I'd buy Mike
he is gotta be one of the most interesting one of the most I mean he's right in my law we're
in the same alley man fighting over that big stake five six seven oh five sixty wqm hello
yes yes sir this is it okay I got one okay if you're on it but
lay it on me all right if you run a diet to have to have dinner with Jeff Rimmer
yeah all right all right thank you for the lunch
oh that is outstanding there's only one problem with that sir and that is he never goes on a diet
especially when you're dining with him and you'd be buying oh well that's that was the point
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a heat TNT should we put in the horizon
wireless line no we should not add that you silly goose yeah and uh it was basically like it's the
same thing that however same to me it's like oh you know we need to go to different direction I still
love you don't I know I've always loved you I'll go to back for you but not in my time slot I need
so that's dedicated for me don't I see it's always that same don't I no matter who it is you can
it's either or that one and it's still don't I nobody's ever good enough for the moment wqm hello
uh Neil yes sir Neil have you seen the uh the website bush in 30 seconds calm
yes I've hooded on yesterday on the different uh ads there was a minute yeah okay sorry
don't be sorry pali everybody out of go to move on dot org maybe we ought to put a link to that
on our website although I don't want to overburden Eric again who get all then out of shape
although we sure didn't have much to do today until the end of the show when we put this other
pull up and then it'll be all like all done done deal right right but maybe we can put a link to
move on dot org because people I'm sure would like to see those 30 second ads and the ones that they
had voting on uh we both want to voting on a last night do we not already have a link to move on
dot org do we I don't know I think I think I've got it take a little peek at it 138 votes in less than
half an hour already on the uh bush in uh dean deal if the election were today who would you vote
howard dean 111 80.4 percent I wouldn't vote 14 10.1 percent and George W is sucking wind here man
George W. Bois 13 only 9.4 percent five local this is five cities the radius of yours
know
So dumb.
Yeah, but doctors said,
So dumb, open wide,
But he couldn't find
Any weapons inside.
Spider-hole,
Spider-hole.
That is where we found this troll.
Wraiths his hands and wet himself.
Very soon he will rock in hell
At last.
President Bush is so glad
Because they found this gun back
Down in his rider home.
Got 30 at 560 W2M.
We got a good schedule today.
Man, we got the original lineup.
Well, whatever we got.
Mad Dog at 2, at least after starting at 10.
Mad Dog at 2, the Humper is back after 4 days in the bag.
Humper is back 4 to 7 seconds in the load.
That was fun.
Then we got the big at 7, 8K at 10.
And in sporting news radio overnight,
2 to 6 in the morning,
Because the ESPN radio is no longer with us
Because they are starting their own station with 6 watts.
What is it going to be?
Oh, and it's going to be 790.
So not only is Greg Krapen in his pants
Because there is another sports station coming on
Which won't have even a one share we know.
But now the station we generally farm out the ball games too
When we have a conflict.
Yeah, I guess we are not going to be able to farm out 790.
We will find something.
We will find some.
Where are we going to hold a bunch?
Or, what was that one like?
1940 on the dial we had last time?
2150.
2780 on your AM dial.
It's for that Hurricane soccer match.
Well, sticking to hurricanes.
And then Zach said,
Well, I actually have another job I can do.
560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
Well known person would you like to have dinner with?
We got Robert DuVal, Marlon Brando, Keith Richards, and Michael Moore.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Let me justify my answer for the poll first.
Go ahead.
Hey, how is this guy?
We get you laid left and right.
Johnny Depp, baby.
You know, and that came to my mind too.
Because I met him that one time I had him on my show
You were 18 years ago on Zeta.
And I would like to get some of his money anyway.
Oh, that'd be nice.
I'm going now.
Thanks, pal.
Johnny Depp's a good choice.
He's an interesting guy.
He lives in France because he thinks America is too violent.
Right.
He doesn't want to raise his kids here.
And I think he's got his heads on straight.
It is a good choice.
But hanging out with him isn't going to get you laid.
It's going to get you laid.
Well, I didn't ever know.
He might have some, you know, some stuff hanging out with like Ron Jeremy or the Beast will get you laid.
Oh, hanging out with the Beast will get you laid?
Yeah, because it might be surrounded by a heavy of beauties.
Is that what they're trying to say?
You want to be with somebody that will make you look real good.
No, no, no.
It's what you don't understand, the guy's trying it.
What he's trying to say is that he figures he's got a whole bunch of hot babes lined up.
And he won't see him.
He won't see him.
He'll spread him around.
But when you never know, maybe this guy looks so okay.
Probably better than the Beast.
He's being the Beast.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, man.
Wow.
Is he the best of what?
I think he's reading himself.
You know, we were always running hot and cold on the Beast.
But now I love him, man.
I love him like a brother.
He's a cuddly buddy.
He's a cuddly guy.
And in fact, because of the fact that Mohit's a good guy, he's a good guy.
He's so bad and wants to end his life.
Right.
Practically threatening him.
You effing stay away from me.
You're staying halfway from me.
Stayed a few go away.
You're a little junior.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Right.
That's right.
Beast is number one in my book right now.
We don't want to mention what's his name.
Zach.
Ooh.
Why aren't that because, and see, it's not, it's clearance that got him all venerated.
Because clearance is the pussy.
Zach had no problem telling us exactly what went down.
But clearance is trying to pacify and modify.
And therefore, so he just lies a lot.
That's all.
Comes in this morning, puts on that dog and pony show for me.
That was humiliating.
And then, then he just about cracked his pants when he thought I was taping it.
Which I still got that, by the way.
Oh, I'm bringing this cassette with me.
Better than pictures.
Yeah, talk about ammunition.
I'm bringing this cassette.
In fact, I'm going to stick it in my underwear and always have it.
Just in case I ever need it.
You see what I said?
He's a warm.
Always had that ammunition on you.
165 votes.
Oh, look at that.
There's Arnold invading his budget day in California.
Isn't this pathetic?
To plan on a news conference later today.
We'll keep you posted.
No, no, thanks.
Well, I'll send that.
Well, blitzkrieg, man.
He's a jackass.
He's an imbecile.
165 votes.
Like I said, 171.
If the election were today, who would you vote for?
Howard Dean 136.
79.5%.
George W. Bush 19.11.1%.
And I wouldn't vote 16.
Same pattern, though.
You notice that?
How slow the Bush people are coming around?
It really makes you wonder.
You know, you start your little chatter like that again.
Back on yellow alert and back to notch down.
Start here a little bit more chatter.
About what this is all about, how the Bush people are coming to hear a little bit late.
Makes you really suspect.
But anyway, John Van A forgotten DNA evidence.
Clear's key figures.
Well, we've got a lot of calls coming in for that poll.
I want to build that poll up so we get some good choices for the weekend, don't you?
Sure, we're not.
WQA, I'm hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me, yeah.
How you doing, sir?
Excellent.
Two things.
While back you guys are talking about violent movies, watch each of you the killer and the second one, I could see your ass on that poll.
My ass?
Your ass.
I'm about to rest him.
Neils ass.
Okay, I'll put Neils ass. Thanks.
Okay, I'll just set it up on the table.
Oh, I'm going to have dinner with Neils ass.
Rest of them is busy today.
But okay, Neil Rogers, there you go.
Why not?
Why not?
I got a lot of good stories for you.
Oh, yeah.
There was a quartet or not.
Oh, okay.
I thought the beast segment was loggered now.
We might have to put some of the exact material on it.
Reward.
And then he'll start sweating again, sweating again.
Oh, I can be winded.
I can go all the way back to the beginning, but I think some of the stuff is hard when he told you the version A.
I want to hear from the beast.
You know what?
I'm going to start doing that on a routine basis.
So anybody that comes in, huh?
I always thought you did.
Anybody that comes into the studio when they least expected.
Just be careful what you say, because it just might wind up on the air all you pushy's out there that talk real big behind everybody's back.
But then all of a sudden when it goes on, oh, how come you did that?
Why did you do that?
Because, because I could.
Why the hell not?
WQ I am.
Hello.
Yeah, I'll go get you all.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I can't have the audacity to go on here yesterday and tell the truth that most of the piece of crap prick, that's what he is and keeps firing people off of his show. Where do you get your information? You know, and then he finally is several months down the road, he'll finally admit in a moment of weakness when his bag says slips off the edge of the table, he'll finally admit, oh, there, so I hadn't blown off my show because he wasn't doing a good job. Now, he'll finally admit like he did with the beast. Unprofessional. Everybody knows you're a lion sack or craftmo, so I not come clean, okay? WQAM, hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. You know, it's amazing that it is amazing that, you know, that that mohauer manages to keep his job when he brings nothing to the table. Right, you know, so I said before, if he brought something great like big ratings or whatever, you know, not only that, they blew, they blew Simphor out of there to make room for him. Why, doesn't that frost your ass? Big time because I thought Simphor did a great job. Right. And you know, not, not, not to forget about
the chemistry between Mad Dog and him and the Mad Dog. Absolutely. And I knew it was the one that Mad Dog would be Mad Dog. That's right. Right, you listen to a dolphins game. It's like, you know, the, the air so thick, you could cut it with a freaking knife. Right. You know, I mean, you know that he doesn't like him. You know, the guy's got, you know, the guy's got two listeners. One in Little Habana and Shelley and Pepper Pines, open parentheses, set tree village close parentheses. Oh, and don't forget about Dennis, the chronic Catholic who hates me. Well, the Neil Rodgers.
I mean, he, he, you know, I just loved the fact that I have a CD player in my car, so I could listen to the CDs in the morning. Right. And you know, as far as who I would like to have dinner with, yes, Dennis Leary. Oh, excellent choice. You know, I'm sure we could smoke a corn of cigarettes and put down a bottle of scotch between him and me. I guarantee you it's most something. No question about absolutely. Have a great, well, have a great weekend. Right. See where Bill Degudalist here. I knew it. And thanks to the guy that called earlier in the show and corrected me on the poll because my poll question was getting
new. It was just not good. You know, it's a word in the word. Well, they can't all be great. You know, they can't all be great. Mr. Hatch. I can't always be like it. You know, in the, we were never in the summer. Like on the, on the, not the dating game. What's the other one? Five U banks. I knew he was newlyweds. I did. It's funny. You mentioned it because I just saw that clip a couple of weeks ago. We're showing all the outtakes. It was a beautiful funny moment ever. Well, at least she was being honest anyway. You know, back to them.
Twenty to one at five sixty WQ AM.
We're supporting you five sixty. You AM.
The Saturday season, they tell introducing the Saudi Barbie. Since our Saudi friends were upset with the old
Barbie since all ones named Barbie are Jewish. So the good patriots of that tell redesign her to make party Saudi friendly because you know the
Saudis are our friends. They like us. And I'm nothing to do with my life. And I'm nothing to do with my little brother. And I'm nothing to do with my little brother.
So the cater to our Saudi friends by sliding our tongue further up their smelly hole. Meet Al-Aba Barbie. She comes complete with a sand display that let
you bury her up to her neck. What she felt to obey for nature of fences and our kid will yank her head off with a jane.
So behind the realistic company. And our canceled separately. The longer Jewish out of the party. Now he's I'm lingvard or eating it was Jewish. You can tell it's big tell.
About forty three at five sixty WQ AM happy Friday to the sun is shining here. It's a hundred below zero. Man, it is so cold. You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to go to the little market. Convenience store. Yeah. I'm going to give you some spaghetti and the sauce. Some ragu.
I'm going to make me a little lunch. And I'm going to like to do like a polar bear and just crawl out of the covers. It's just too cold to go out. Right.
You know what I mean? Oh, yeah, I do. And of course my memory is a little bit long gone of that stuff because it's the first 31 years of my life. I live, you know, up north, upstate New York, Michigan.
Well, I thought these Lansing, Michigan was cold. And it was. Of course, that was like in the blowing and snow and all of that crap, which adds to it. There's no snow. In fact, there's virtually no snow. Even on the ground, no more here.
I'm like Buffalo where to get in the up the ass. See, I don't want to go through it.
But it's just in fact, let me take a look at what the temperature is here right now, because castron, oh, it might be taking notes for his diary.
And he got to hope that he finds some listeners in this next December when a book comes out him and us as well. I don't think we have any crossover with him.
Last time we took a poll on that. Right. We had virtually no crossover with castron, oh, and yet he and I both took it way up inside the ass in that November trend, man. It's just horrible.
What do you think that's all about? Don't know. Maybe they just don't like aging fat guys who've been on the air too long. That might be it. Anyway, look at that. It's minus 20 is all it is. It's sunny. It's beautiful sitting inside and looking out the window. It looks fabulous.
But it's 20 below a Celsius. And they're saying it's going to make 15 below. I don't believe it because it's already almost 1 o'clock. Now what is 20 below a translate to? I lost that guide for below zero.
Oh, man, for below zero Fahrenheit. And the high tomorrow, though, it's going to be a lot better. The high tomorrow is going to be minus 13, which is only eight above zero. So it ain't too bad. It's quarter to which is asked. Man, it's bad.
Now, getting back to John Bane, because I do have to read this out of all fairness, although the inquiry doesn't seem to be all that inclined to make a big deal out of it.
A newly tested DNA sample taken from blood found on John Bane Ramses underpants does not match the people who have been at the center of the case from the beginning. A source posted investigation reveals. Didn't that make you feel bad? No.
No.
Among the individuals whose DNA does not match the sample are the late Bill Mac Reynolds who played Santa Claus at Ramsay Christmas parties. And John and Patsy Ramsey themselves. Doesn't that make you feel bad? No, so they didn't bleed harder. No. Well, who the hell did?
I don't know. The DNA was extracted from a blood spot in 1999, two years after the six year old beauty queen was strangled and bludgeoned her parents home in Boulder, Colorado.
But Ramsay attorney Lynn Woods has it overlooked was overlooked until two months ago. That's when Boulder DA, Mary Keenan submitted the DNA sample to the FBI's ever-growing National DNA data bank, which became operational in 1998.
There it was compared to DNA already in the database from some 1.4 million convicted felons, and more than 66,000 DNA samples found at the scenes of unsolved crimes throughout the US. The DNA from John Bane's underpants will also be compared to new DNA samples, which are constantly being added to the FBI database.
Although the task is arduous, attorney would believe it is the key to solving the case. The acquirer has learned the DNA, which is from a man, is also being tested against DNA samples.
Boulder cops took during the course of their investigation for more than 200 Ramsay friends, co-workers, acquaintances and suspicious characters who came to their attention.
Absolutely.
Among those who willingly provided samples are Ramsay Housekeeper Linda Hoffman, Pew, and Fleet White, who was with John Ramsay when Saladay's body was found in the basement room of the Ramsay family.
In the late home, December 26, 1996, I thought that was kind of an animal, Fleet White.
Right.
White meat.
The closer I said Keenan's office is already been able to rule out some of the individuals who provided DNA samples to the police.
In addition to former journalism professor Mick Reynolds, who was fingered as a suspect by the Ramsay's, they include Chris Wolf, a former Boulder journalist who came under suspicion when his girlfriend told police he may have had something into which John Bane's murder.
Wolf sued the Ramsay's for naming him as a suspect in their book.
The death of innocence, but the case was dismissed. His DNA sample does not match to the DNA found in John Bane's underwear said the close source.
Another target crossed off list is Gary Oliva.
No relation to Tony Oliva.
Oliva.
Right. Oliva.
Oh, Kate Bane.
I can't believe it.
Oh, he is so bad.
He is so bad.
I'm so glad he ate the canola.
He was just too late in the movie.
Hey, Eli, I have another one.
A convicted sex offender from Oregon, Oliva made frequent trips to Boulder and expressed a strange fascination with little beauty queen.
Keenan, who did not return a phone call for comment, has taken the John Bane murder investigation away from the Boulder police, who were widely criticized for their handling of the case.
Wood and other advocates of the Ramsay's innocence claimed the cops focused only on John Bane's parents as the killers.
Keenan hired retired Colorado detective Tom Bennett to re-investigate the case and is going on the record saying she believes it's more likely that intruder is responsible for John Bane's murder.
Attorney Wood charged the police ignored the DNA sample, which doesn't match any Ramsay family member for nearly four years because they were convinced that the Ramsay's killed her daughter.
Now that Keenan is done with the cops failed to do what is convinced it will solve the crime.
When you find the match to this DNA profile, you'll find the killer of John Bane.
He said John Ramsay's friend Jim Marino told the inquiry.
John believes that the one and only hope finding John Bane's killer is that the DNA can be matched to someone.
Other, others, posted the case, however, say the DNA testing is a dead end.
Former prosecutor Mike Keane, who ran a 13-month-grange re-investigation at Yale at no indictments, thinks that the DNA could have been left by a worker at the factory where the underwear was made.
He said there's always the possibility of got there through a human handling.
See that? Yes.
So while it seems pretty damn conclusive on the one hand, on the other hand, not so fast, say?
Right. Because as I was reading it, I was getting more and more convinced like I'll be damned.
We all might apologize, you don't we? No.
I'll be damned.
The conversation in the bullpen, myself.
Okay.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
A lot of countertons to QA and man, a lot of hysteria, a lot of psychosis, a lot of craziness going on.
Absolutely.
As usual, I'm going to get off of that dishonest W action figure.
Now get back to the, the business.
Well Eric put it out to move on.org. We have a big link above right under the little Google search box, the thing.
Right on our links on top of it.
It's move on.org.
Read about stuff.
It's a email and websites and things like that.
We got a suggestion on the email for the dinner list, the Dalai Lama.
The Dalai Lama?
What we just say? Hello? Dalai Lama? Lama LaPinca?
Okay. Oh yeah, there he goes again. See there's more of that spick stuff.
Oi! Lama LaPinca.
214 votes.
If the election were today, who do you vote for?
Now in case you've missed the first part of the show, which shame on you.
We took the poll between Wesley Carc and George W. Bush.
I don't know. Do you think next week we really need to do John Kerry and...
Huh? No.
Now I think these are the only two real possibilities.
The contenders. Right.
Wesley Carc had 68.9% Bush 17.4% and I would vote 13.6% out of just one shy of 500 votes in the first two hours.
Now we switch it over to Dean against Bush.
Let me look at those percentages.
Out of 214 votes, of course it's still early.
Howard Dean 162, 75.7% George W. Bush has got...
BOT 3rd man!
14% and I would vote 22.
So now the percentages are 75.7% 14 for Bush and only 10.2% say they wouldn't vote.
But like I said, we got another hour and ten minutes to go.
5670560.560 on the AT&T line.
What well-known person would you like to have dinner with?
Especially if they were buying.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Just as far as that dinner, I would say Francis Coppola.
Yeah?
I think he'd be a good guy to have dinner.
He's got the dinner.
He's got the dinner there.
So yeah, you know, put a nice table out there at the estate.
Right.
Of course he doesn't write when he cooks, you know,
because apparently he has the best food on any set in Hollywood.
Maybe he'd give you Robert Duvelle's pancakes recipe that he stole from him.
That would be good.
Oh, that might be good.
Yeah.
That would be good.
And yeah, I guess he makes a nice sauce.
So that's all you really want to have.
Okay.
Thanks.
It's here.
Look good on Mary's chest.
Thanks a lot, Pala.
That's it.
Yeah, that was a little bit of that sauce.
Dad.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
It's like, it's almost like an addiction, you know?
Like Robert Palmer would say if he were still alive.
It's almost like he were addicted to the Godfather.
You just cannot turn it off.
I mean, I had a great selection of movies on that 777 going to Amsterdam.
And here's Godfather's 1, 2, and 3.
I got to be honest with you.
And I know I'm very much in the tiny minority on this, but who gives a crap?
Godfather, too.
And I've seen it several times.
I just don't have any desire to see that again.
Really?
No.
I rather see Godfather 3.
You mean maybe because somebody acting was so bad, but also because of the Pope's story.
I'm just fascinated by all of that stuff, you know?
And of course the Joey Zaza.
You know, there's just a lot of good stuff there.
The thing you've brought up brings all over your nice, I really suit.
But Godfather 1, I don't care what anybody says.
That's the definitive.
That's a...
And that's right, there's no Godfather 1.
It's just a Godfather.
We're going to nice, affectionate, nice, over again.
Yeah.
It's not called Godfather 1.
It's just called the Godfather.
It leaves a good.
They think it's holy.
So many fantastic lines.
I don't care how many day go, give me a walk, grease bowl, gumbas come out on a woodware.
We're all by your own to make your trip your service was bitter.
What got this shit?
We must go to the recording only.
I can handle things up smart.
Like everybody says, like dumb, like smart, and I want to spend.
Well, let me tell you something, my cropped neck, brim.
Look at Brass, he sleeps with the fishes.
Do you know who I am? I'm Mold Breed.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Oh, Paulie won't see him that one.
I'm gonna make him an offering, man.
He was beautiful.
He was young.
He was innocent.
He was the greatest piece of ass I ever had.
And I'm not had him all over the world.
You're taking a staring person.
Hey, come up when they should listen.
Fuck them out of the way.
Oh, that's not one of them.
I got a little carried away.
Get the boner boy on the phone.
5.670560, pound five.
Well, he did a couple of good things, huh?
Well, he was around.
What ever happened all that chalk you had laying in there by the easel?
Easy.
WQM, hello.
Hey, can I say something about the woman that called before about the Panthers in your letters?
Your letters, Skateman.
About what?
She said that now that the Panthers are playing good, I can start rooting for them again.
Oh, I didn't really kick her out.
Did I say what she said?
She could start rooting for her.
No, I'm not a rotten piece of crap that this is.
I'm telling you.
And also, I got a request.
I don't know if you were there, I think George was there at the time.
He played this thing from the Jack and Allie show, how they're trying to find guests,
and they call SpongeBob.
You got it.
What does that call George?
You got to get that one, man.
And my vote is for Alan Fun or Derwood Kirby.
Okay.
Okay, what is it called?
I don't know, but you have it.
What do you mean I have it?
I don't think I played it.
I got Sponge Cake.
It's a Todd Patton Gilbert, it's longer than time.
What is it about?
Allie and Jack.
Oh, and it's not in your thing?
No, you have it.
I don't have it.
Oh, I see you don't even have it.
Right.
That's what I was going to be.
That's what I was going to be.
Well, sure.
This is not my thing.
I'll tell you that I'll have to look for it.
I'll think about 10 seconds.
I can't find it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 231 votes.
Deans got 176, 76.1%.
Bush 32, 13.8%.
I wouldn't vote 23, 9.9%.
Those people that wouldn't vote, I wonder, you know,
is there anything you can make them vote?
Probably just as well.
You know.
Maybe they're native rights.
I'm not putting a native on my poll.
Okay, well, not put them on our website.
Absolutely not.
I put some of his articles on there that I thought were well written and made some sense on our bedtime stories.
That's fine.
But as far as putting them on a poll, just don't do it Ralph.
Okay, come to your census, man.
Maybe I can help.
The Greens don't want you to know more.
Nobody with a brain wants you.
I mean, wouldn't you think that if he had any kind of any,
and you know who really ought to come out of the woodwork,
even though his TV show is long since gone and beyond some of these show,
he always, huh?
Phil is down to you right and say,
well, you know something I did had good intentions last time.
I want to see create some political change.
But I see the damage that it's done.
I see all these kids dying over there for no good reason based on a pack of lies.
And I, you know, and we can't afford to do this again for another four years.
Then I have a little bit of respect for him again.
Right now he's a scumbag.
And just like that, I'm a sprit that we play about, you know,
MSNBC, a station with no audience.
I'm a sprit so boring.
Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV.
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeing up with radio's original bad boy,
who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen, Bernie, I'm a...
Tell that intern this coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning, see, I'm a...
Listen to a tape of other people's charity bits.
Five.
I made a hammer to bite into this muffin.
You're so many of those fresh ones playing here.
See, his wild behind the scenes addicts.
He's the great divot.
I am the Ivan, you're a walrus, cook, cook, and chew.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I'm a...
He's irreverent.
So, uh, what's the deal with the fall?
He's topical.
Uh, what's the deal with his water day break?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's...
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
Please, I've been standing for a week.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A cable channel nobody watches, and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to.
And that somebody got some fresh jangle?
It's islands.
I'm a...
I'm a...
This is your 20-year-old wife, Cigina.
You are...
I need you, Howard.
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
He's just a little habit-born in the shy, but if you want to ring better, then you better...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
boy.
I'm a...
If you want the other guy to get this band ready, don't go.
Pro pro pro pro pro no
It sure is long three hours it took
But it's still like faster than reading the books about Frodo
Pro pro pro pro pro no
Pro pro pro pro do
Pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro
one-on-one at five sixty WQM green easy run yellow alert now we just went down a notch from orange to yellow alert why? I'm just breathing easier. Unless of course you're living in New York, Washington or Vegas or near a bunch of terrorists other than that you're okay that's what Tom Riddset also said yeah
Yeah.
Anyway, we got 247 votes on the poll.
If you like some more today, who would you vote for?
Howard Dean, 251, 192 for Howard Dean at 76.4%.
Wow.
Do you see this West Park thing?
I'm beginning to wonder if maybe somebody
imp behind that.
I have a difficult time believing that.
Yeah, don't you?
The idea that he's making all of a sudden
this big national push, we haven't seen him in a long time.
He was on there for a couple of minutes the other day.
But other than that, he's not, he hasn't participated
in the radio debate in Iowa, the TV debate in Iowa.
He's like a busy at slimy's in the rascal house.
Maybe they're just pulling all the old Jews.
251 votes, Dean 192, that's 76.4%.
George W34, 13, and a half percent.
I wouldn't vote.
25, 9.9%.
Unless they got either a bottle of $1 or something for free.
Here's a good thanks.
I put these two on here and I'm sure we did already.
How come it took so long for this bubble, Bill Clinton?
Not with Hillary, though.
No, Hillary.
And Hugh Hefner says, Peter, thank you, Peter.
Got some good tips for you from the inquire this hour.
How to keep yourself safe from man, cow disease.
Oh my God.
Tony beef.
Well, I mean, that's one way, but you don't want to.
Are you going to give up meat?
No.
Not me.
I like my meat, man.
I love my meat.
As a matter of fact, I think just in honor of that,
I'm going to Ruth Kriss before I come back.
And maybe even after I come back, maybe the rimmers
will take me to Ruth Kriss.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you today?
Pretty good, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
A Friday afternoon.
I have a two, I think, would be pretty good for the poll.
OK.
One on people might not remember, but one is Clay Aiken,
and the other one is Clure Moser.
Well, you probably have a better chance with Clay Aiken,
because he's still alive.
Clure Moser, who did sports on channels something
or seven or whatever, a hundred years ago?
Clay Aiken, we want to put him on there.
Do you know, Prince Charles likes his music?
No.
I'll put him on there.
I think that was a joke, though.
And why is that?
Just he's got a better chance to eat him with him
than Clure Moser.
I'll put him on.
Don't put him on there.
Aiken, Clay.
5.670560, pound 560 on EAT.
Hey, somebody might like him somewhere.
He's just another one of those assholes from one
of them, 8,500 shows.
I can't wait for that.
Ron Jeremy and Tammy Febaker and the Erica Strata.
I mean, you must have missed the first one.
It had MC Hammer and Emmanuel Lewis.
Well, why do you see you're surprised I missed the first one?
I mean, do you think I would actually watch that?
No, no, no, just the hubbub.
There's a better chance that I would have watched Pete Rose
with his phony confession last night at ABC,
and I would have rather died before I would have watched that,
which I did not.
You would have the better chance of that.
There's a better chance I would have watched all the way
to the Leaf 7 and 1 loss to Ottawa last night,
which I did not.
None.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you, I know I enjoy the morning show.
They've got to get rid of Mo.
I got the keychain.
I play it all the time.
I love listening to Goldie.
I think he's great, but Mo's talk.
OK, thanks for the report.
He said Mo's sucks is what he said.
It was basically like, it's the same thing
that the hour were saying to me.
It's like, oh, you know, we need to go to different direction.
I still love you.
I will not wait to say this morning.
I still love you to the fat one.
Get your F and butt out of here.
Please don't get away from me.
Get the fuel away from me.
Stay away, get the fuel away from me,
as if almost to imply some kind of physical threat
to the Shmoo.
I mean, how would you attack the beast?
You know, maybe the fork and knife.
I don't know how else you would do it.
A long running start.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
of Verizon Wireless Lens.
Getting violent at QAM.
I'm sure that my return to the studio
will kind of calm things down against you.
Well, you know what?
I'm there.
Everybody puts on a good front.
I'll weigh on their best behavior.
And they come down a little bit.
They put on a good back.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
And then they stab it.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got one for your phone.
It's really not for me.
I'd like to dedicate this one to my wife.
Mr. Robert Blake.
Robert Blake.
Yeah.
Thank you, Neil.
OK, good luck to you, pal.
No problem.
Don't put it on there.
Oh, I was writing.
5, 6, 8, 8, but you were.
I bet you were.
You heartless bastard.
And then we found out she was a Coke person.
She was like, instead of a Pepsi,
we like Pepsi people better.
That's right.
She was a drug pedaling.
Kind of like doing a first-net Bonnie Lee bitch.
Boy, talk about trailer trash.
At a bullet magnet.
Now, where was she from?
Whatever she was from should have been on her
Google poll yesterday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
265 votes.
And Howard Dean's got 203 of them.
76.6%.
George W. 35 votes, 13.2%.
And now we're up to 10%, 10.1%.
27 people say I wouldn't vote no matter what.
You won't force me.
OK.
In fact, you know what I think?
I think that the ones who say they won't vote.
Those are the first ones that have to take away for a nice shower.
Yeah, send a list to a John Ascroft.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
I know you're there.
I hear your breathing.
I hear it ticking.
I hear it flipping in the breeze.
Now, well, come out.
Just like Eric Astral, they're stuck in that closet.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
Great monkey here.
I'm a thank you for the good comedy, bit.
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
QAM going once.
WQAM, hello.
They're a little on their feet.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an idea for a poll maybe in the future.
What the well-known.
Reverend Jones, yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
OK, I have two additions for the poll.
OK.
Thank you for Reverend Jones.
Go ahead.
No, it isn't Reverend Jones.
What is you, Huffner?
We just put him on.
OK, and well, a female kind of like a trailblazer like him
would be a glorious Steinem.
I mean, here's like the real fourth runner of the woman's movement
and really like, you know, got it all started.
I think you like to have dinner with Gloria Steinem?
I think she could really, you know, impart a great point of view
and a lot of wisdom and just had a, you know, made trail
into any business or whatever.
I mean, this woman really did quite a bit when you really think about it.
OK.
OK, other than that, it's been a great day in the show who's good as always.
Thank you so much.
Have a great weekend.
I like Gloria Steinem.
I mean, you know, it won't better him than me.
I mean, I can understand what he says.
You might be a little whiny for me.
I like a little piece and quiet here in my dinner.
It's a nice quiet conversation.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
But I can understand.
Let's see, dinner with...
Oh, here, yeah, keep all saying who Huffner, he'll do well.
And I know where they're going with that.
What?
The thing is going to have a bevy of bunnies there.
No, I don't think so.
I think I see it.
I saw you know it's from a getting laid.
OK, getting laid.
With a point.
Maybe they'd like to do that.
No, I think that they'd like to find out about his exploits.
They'd like to hear from him.
In fact, maybe just listening to all his exploits, they might be squeezing a little bit.
Maybe they want to sell his penis.
Oh, God, almighty.
Holy cow.
I'd rather smell the Toja and Cemetery of Villas than who Huffner's penis.
Jack Nicholson somebody says, now there's a trip.
That would be fun, right?
That would be outstanding.
I like that.
Jack Nicholson.
How to keep yourself safe from mad cow disease.
Don't let me forget to do that this are because I don't want people dying in our audience.
We can't afford to have nobody dying.
Also, an unnatural disaster.
We had this on our website the other day, but this is another article like a follow-up.
I just mentioned it.
I'm not going to read it.
Don't panic.
An unnatural disaster, global warming to kill off one million species.
Scientists shocked by results of the research.
One in ten animals and plants will be extinct by 2050.
Ready for that?
One in ten.
Yeah.
Climate change over the next 50 years expected to drive a quarter of land animals and plants into extinction
according to the first comprehensive study of the effect of higher temperatures on the natural world.
The sheer scale of the disaster facing the plant, shocked those involved in the research.
They estimate that more than a million species will be lost by 2050.
The results are described as terrifying by Chris Thomas, professor of conservation biology at Leeds University,
who's the lead author of the research from four continents published today in the magazine Nature.
Much of that loss, more than one in ten of all plants and animals, is already irreversible because of the extra global warming gases.
Already it is charged in the atmosphere, but the scientists say that actually the curb greenhouse gases now could save many more from the same fate.
It took two years for the largest global collaboration of experts to make the first major assessment of the effect of climate change,
on six biologically rich regions of the world taking in 20% of land surface, the research in Europe, Australia, Central and South American South Africa showed that species living in mountainous areas had a greater chance of survival because they could simply move up building it cooler.
Those in flatter areas such as Brazil, Mexico, and Australia, and Florida were more vulnerable faced with the impossible task of moving thousands of miles to find suitable conditions.
It's on our website, you really ought to be taking a look at this, okay? All you people at Poo Poo, you know, the environmentalist, oh, they're just a bunch of tree huggers, they're just a bunch of assholes, streamists.
Right, hippies.
What a... It's so sad when you're trying to appeal to you, you try to find something good, something some little bit of a conscience inside so many people know.
You know what I mean?
That's right, and I forgot. But I'll remember very soon because I'll be there, I'll probably get right into the swing of it.
284 votes, man. How many did we have in the first part, 499? So we got to get to 499 to kind of like make it even Steven, wouldn't you think?
Okay, do you think we can do that? We got 290.
I don't think we're going to do that. I don't think we're going to anywhere near what we had on the Clark against Bush. What's that all about?
Huh? I don't know. I think as the show goes on, they're like, maybe the right people have to be the important.
Maybe that's why Bush has only got 13%. See there's a little angle for you.
There is something to work on. Yeah. Maybe the pill poppers, the right people, the ones who are sniffing it right out of the bottle now.
Maybe they're like abandoned, nothing to do to two hours. That's possible.
292 votes, Deans got 222, 76 and a half percent. Bush has got 13.1 and 30 people,
but third, man. Ain't good of what no matter what.
Why in local, we're sports radio 560, she went to UAM.
You know, it's been a tough season for jet fans. What is it going to do now in a team struggling?
I want to kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling.
I want to kiss you. Thanks Joe.
Yeah. You should follow that.
Joe David, part of the Thorpe BKTM. We'll see you guys in half time.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
16 and 560. I love this story from Anonovo, one of the Britpapers.
Yeah.
Police believe teenage pranksters are hacking into the wireless frequency of a US Burger King drive-through speaker to tell potential customers they're too fat for fast food.
I love it.
Public service.
Policeman Jerry Schurling said the pranksters told one customer we just placed in order.
You don't need a couple of whoppers. You're too fat. Pull ahead.
Oh, I love it.
The offenders are reportedly tapping into the wireless frequency at the restaurant in Troy, Michigan.
That's Troy.
Michigan.
Police believe the culprits are watching and broadcasting from close range.
Officer Schurling said the men are telling customers who order a Coke that we don't have Coke.
And when the customers ask what they do have the hacker would say we don't have anything pull ahead.
But what has man managers concerned is the profanity the hackers are using court to pull these.
A drive-through customer has told police if he had children with him in the car and some of you use profanity, he'd be pretty fugant upset.
Are you like that?
I like that.
I'm sorry. I didn't think of it.
I think that's a great idea.
Let's tap into all the fast food. That would be like to improve the health of America.
I'm going to radio shack right now.
Right.
And just get on some frequency there and you know just ask Dan, matter what's the frequency Dan.
Cut it on it.
You're too fat fat.
So pull ahead.
Get out of here.
Go down to a cafe.
Oh, I heard this morning the moment.
There are two minutes of misery that I hear when I walk in here to turn everything on.
Going on about sucking up to a Dunkin Donuts.
Because I guess there's some guy that sends them free donuts in the morning.
Right.
I don't know if it's the same guy that used to bring this stuff down when depots there.
Remember that when we used to get those, what do they call those things?
The short stacks.
The short stack without the bread.
Yeah, a short stack sausage bacon sausage cheese bacon.
Man, it was good stuff together.
And then they got all pissed off and depot for some reason.
I guess maybe he wouldn't take them to the Indians anymore, something like that.
And then they cut us off.
But anyway, he was sucking around because Dunkin Donuts brought him a dozen donuts and just sucking them.
How their coffee is so great.
And about how Starbucks you can have Starbucks.
Dunkin Donuts makes the best coffee.
Yeah, because it's free asshole.
I mean, we have plenty of free food too, but we're not going to like, you know, carry on.
Dunkin Donuts could bring 50,000 donuts to us.
And we still say, hey, thanks a lot, but guess what?
We'll give them to the morning crew or somebody else because Krispy Kreme is where it's at.
Right?
No question.
I mean, compared Dunkin Donuts with Krispy Kreme would like to be comparing the fan to this radio station.
See what I'm saying?
Even with all of our internal hysteria and with our awful management.
It just, there's just no comparison.
They do have good coffee though.
Dunkin Donuts?
Are you sucking up for more free coffee?
He's a, no, I never got it.
But I, see, I don't drink coffee, so I'm going to give a credit.
I just happen to like coffee then.
And in addition to what he doesn't drink it either, he just pours it into his bag.
Yeah, he just pours it into the bag and then he makes Gully clean it out and tells him he had a wild, about a diarrhea.
That's all.
If those coffee enemies, enemies were good enough for Janet Jackson.
In fact, he's got the only caffeinated Colossomy bag in town.
306 votes on the poll of the election more today.
Who would you vote for?
Howard Dean 232 70.67%.
But third man.
Stubborn bastards.
WDQA and Hello.
Not there.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I'm doing great.
Happy the latest New Year, a healthy and a pop Chris one.
And the same to you.
Thank you.
I wanted to compliment you for your great website that you have.
And some of your listeners may not even know that you have one or what it is.
NeilRodgers.com is one of the best websites that you'll ever want to look at.
I also wanted to bring you regards from my son Larry.
You may remember Larry the Mathman, who's now in Orlando, still drawing apps.
And years ago was a regular listener, one of your best fans.
And this is your old friend Barry, the PR guy from Boka, I wish you the best.
Okay, Barry, take care of yourself.
Take care.
How you like that?
That was Barry from Boka.
The father of Larry the Mathman.
Right.
I have one of his maths.
Oh, Barry or Larry, Larry.
5670560.560 on EAT&T and Verizon line.
What well-known person?
Would you like to have dinner with?
We got so far Robert DuVon, Marlon Brando, Keith Richards.
Michael Moore, that was my choice.
I would buy Johnny Depp, Neil Rogers.
Uh-oh.
I would like to have dinner with Neil Rogers.
In fact, I'd like to have lunch with Neil and I think I will in about 40 minutes.
If you buy, I will buy.
I go right over to the little market.
I better not.
I can't eat spaghetti.
Well, where did I come up with that?
Why did I say that, he's crazy.
I am.
Mel Brooks, Dennis Liri, the Dalai Lama.
Hello Dalai Lama, Mappinga.
Francis Ford Coppola, Bill Clinton, Hugh Hefner.
Oh, Hugh's going to eat a lot of oats.
Gloria Steinem and Jack Nicholson.
What about Robert Blake?
And Robert Blake was a joke.
Well, I'll keep put him on there.
Maybe there's a lot of guys that would like to get their wives knocked off.
That's fine.
Put him on there.
How to do it, Rob?
Go ahead, put him on there, find out the real inside story.
I got one.
Yeah.
I got one.
You'd have to bring your own.
Sir, I'm serious about this.
You're in a laugh when I say it.
There's a little laugh at you.
In fact, let me give you, I'll give you like a little clue.
And then you can guess.
Okay.
Oh, man.
Oh, Jay.
Oh, Jay.
You're right.
That's not funny.
I think, no, I think that would be interesting.
I think there are a lot of people out there maybe get him drunk enough or something to eat.
I know.
I'd have to fish up, have that little tape recorder going in the background.
I'll go to back for you.
Yeah.
Or even just ask him a whole bunch of questions and make him squirm and get him pissed off and storm him out.
No, I don't think that's a good idea.
That's right.
Not a good idea.
It gets a little temperamental when you do stuff like that.
It gets a little carried away.
WQA, hello.
QAM.
You're a hoe.
Yes, sir.
I know we're going to have lunch with.
Yeah.
The two of that, that's your family.
Oh, God.
Day-free, men fat boys, neighbor.
You just wait till I get a hold of that fat boy when I'm there with your hands.
That guy is such an asshole.
And you notice how his faxes have stopped.
Because now he's got a new play toy.
We don't need you, sir.
We already got somebody who said to me this morning before the show.
Hi, if howdy.
And did a hell of a lot more entertaining job than you.
I love that fat boy.
Yeah, you know me a long time.
I would know.
Yeah, that's the problem, fat boy.
I know you are such a bull crap artist, man.
I would trust you as far as Josh could throw you.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, I like to have lunch with Benicio del Toro.
Benicio del Toro?
Yes, the envelope.
The what?
Is he on your list?
Yeah, he's got 80 votes.
Oh, he does.
Okay, great.
He's doing well.
Okay, thank you.
Got it.
Got it.
Is he serious?
Why not?
I don't know.
Good actor.
I mean, that's all I like to have lunch with Stephen Vauer, you know.
What?
Not no mole.
Oh, he's a good guy.
He's just the head, some problems.
He's had his ups and downs.
He's just misunderstood like Pete Rose.
Oh, sorry, Stevie, I didn't mean it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I shouldn't probably admit this to you, but I will anyway.
You know how every now and then with our comedy this,
you put one in the wrong sleeve?
Yes.
Well, I've got two empty sleeves and two discs.
Oh, no.
Okay.
The only problem is the numbers on the disc, don't match the numbers.
You see what I'm saying?
You're going to be busy.
Oh, God.
And of course, my luck, you know.
Well, I'll just throw it all into my second, let you handle it.
All right, I'll sort it out.
Okay.
Come in your QA and hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I want to add a couple of names to the list.
Go in the head, pal.
All right.
Stephen Tyler.
He'll have you mentioned him yet.
Not yet.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
And Dave Capita and the bird.
They go as a set.
He'll wake you up in the morning.
You're up on the air.
Okay.
Calm down, pal.
They calm down.
Wow.
Yeah, wouldn't you get it?
I think that was the bird calling from the other side, don't you?
No, because who else would call for the bird?
We're waking me up in the morning.
In the morning.
And then I took my TV inside.
Oh, that's not the one I want.
Yeah.
Come on in.
He'll wake me up in the morning.
He'll wake me up in the morning.
He'll wake me up in the morning.
Yeah.
Those are the days, man.
Those are the days on a real radio station with a real signal.
100,000 Watts FM living and breathing people listening.
We didn't have to go out and tap people on the shoulders and say, oh, do you have an AM radio?
And they'd like, what's that AM radio?
What is that?
Oh, like, sometimes people would ask me, well, what station are you on?
You know, they find out I'm like, do a talk show.
What station are you on?
I say QAM.
Oh, what's that on the dial?
And I'd say 560.
Oh, even like AM?
Yeah.
Like AM.
I mean, what's that?
Hey, what's that?
AM.
You mean the one that goes.
Like that?
Yeah, that's it.
That's us.
That's us.
Especially if you're like on 441, any of the high tension wires, man.
That's where all the high tension is under those damn electric lines and the phone lines.
But the good news is we're HDTV ready.
Whatever the...
What is it called?
HD Digital.
We're HD Digital, man.
The HD stands for a head.
If you tune in, QAM, you get digital ahead.
Squirt, squirt.
Pricin' hour.
328 votes.
You think we're going to make that 499?
We got a shot, I guess, that we're right.
These are coming in.
I don't want to sell them short.
If the election were today, who do you vote for?
Howard Dean 248.
75.6%.
George W. Bush.
44.13.4%.
And I wouldn't vote 36.10.9%.
And they're probably just as well, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Oh, seriously, I don't think we ought to encourage too many.
Just the right people to vote, not too many.
And you wait and see, man, in Florida, we got some real bad news.
And especially if that bitch Katherine Harris runs, you're going to see how many people are pissed off.
How many people have got a good memory that's going to last at least four years?
Because she's going to be like a what?
I think maybe they ought to run Theresa LaPore too, would be good.
Sure, why not?
Yeah, bring them both out.
They had that judge from Palm Beach on some story.
I wanted to be talking head shows last night.
They showed a clip of an interview with him.
He was holding the thing up in the air looking for the hanging chads.
Who I am?
The judge old Google I there doing his Google search for the chads.
And they showed Theresa LaPore was sitting at the same table with him.
How do you like that?
And oh, and this is what I've been trying to remember all day.
I should have written it down because I got Alzheimer's at an old fart.
Wait a year this, okay?
And Jeffrey Tuben, you know who he is to go out of glasses?
He's like the legal expert for CNN.
Yeah, you've seen him on an I know interview.
He's a lawyer expert, pretty decent guy.
He said, we were talking about the chads and about the air Florida recount.
He said there is absolutely no doubt, no doubt, that if they would have designed a ballot
that everybody could have understood that Al Gore would have won Florida by a wide margin,
he would have won the election.
In other words, by more than enough so they would have been able to steal it.
How do you like that?
Right?
Which we already know that.
But I mean, here's a guy actually articulating it.
And the American people are, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
They stole it from me in broad daylight.
And they showed all these old Jews that voted for Buchanan.
And they showed that if you voted on the top line, it was supposed to be they thought it was Republican
and the second line Democratic.
So they love these old people voted on the second line.
Come to fight out that was the life of Buchanan because they were like opposite side by each.
See?
You see what I'm saying?
I see it.
They were cross from each other.
The one page so it was like alternate, like one is over here, two was over there,
but nobody would even have a brain would know that, even those old Jews in cemetery village
who then found out they voted for Buchanan.
And they went back inside and took their own shower and turned on the gas.
Because they said, I can't live with myself voting for Buchanan.
I remember that lady called it and I'll never forget it.
Remember she called in that different Palm Beach?
She said, Neil, I'm frantic.
I don't want you to think I'm stupid.
She wasn't at all.
She said, I think I voted for Buchanan by mistake because our ballot here is all screwed up.
And that was the first indication and I remember Ms. Fudge put it on her website.
Remember that?
Sure.
That there's voting irregularities in Palm Beach County.
That was the first indication right on the show.
And show enough.
Come to fight out they stole it.
So there's a guy right there on the certainly not news network, but at least they got it occasionally
make some sense, Jeffrey Tuben, who said there is absolutely no doubt.
Had they not designed that cockamany confusing butterfly ballot, then Al Gore would win the election
because there were thousands of votes that got lost there and allegedly Bush won Florida by 527 votes.
You should live so long and the rent quiz is an asshole.
Oh, you know that?
29 past one.
I wonder how many bricks they had assumed to have Clarence token Thomas to get his vote.
A housework.
Hey, are you in the vet and job, Zach?
Underpaid?
Well, New Year's resolutions don't just happen.
You got to put your plans into action.
Pick up that phone and call fast train right now at 866 fast train.
Classes are underway right now in January and in a row.
Ain't that it in a row?
See.
Oh, if you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you out in becoming a certified computer professional
and the best part of the deal is you can do it in just four short months.
You get a new high-paying career with a real big fat paycheck and get you a life instead of working for peanuts for some schmuck.
The demand for certified computer professionals is at an all-time high and fast train offers you convenient day eating a weekend classes, job placement assistance, financial aid for those who qualify as well.
So if you're really tired of being in a rut, if your life is going nowhere, if you're working your ass off and making peanuts, change your life once and for all, get some skills with the training at fast train.
Check them out on thewebidfast train.com and then make the call.
Don't miss the train of opportunity.
Do it this year and do yourself a big favor.
Call 1-866 fast train and be sure until on the Todd Dreck.
Todd did a call.
My life in law.
This is Fort Real by City.
What?
What?
Oh!
Saddam the filthy dirtbag.
He was hiding in the ground.
And unlike his chemical go-up bins, he has finally been found.
Now we'll interrogate him.
Find out everything he knows.
When we have all that we want, back into the ground he goes.
On one fine Iraqi, soldiers came to say.
Saddam with your breath so bad, regards from George Bush and his dad.
And now that he's in the jail cell, it's a Merry Christmas scene for every person on earth unless your name is Howard Dean.
Wasn't that cute?
I thought that was going to be adorable.
A little bit late.
133, it's bigger than Howard Dean.
Now we're never going to make that 499, are we?
No.
352 votes with a half hour to go.
That would be a phenomenal rush on votes in the last half hour if we were to do it.
Because 499 will get with Clark against Bush.
And we got 352 right now with Dean against Bush.
If the election were being held today, who would you vote for?
Howard Dean 262, 74.4%.
George W, 50, 14.2%.
So how much better is he doing?
About this much.
Well, no, he had about 5%.
4% better.
4% better.
And we got 40, 11.3% said he wouldn't vote with Clark in there.
There was like almost 14%.
So that's the deal here.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Elizabeth Smart kidnapping suspect ruled incompetent.
Oi!
He will not stand trial.
You ready for that?
No.
One of the two people charged with kidnapping Elizabeth Smart from our Salt Lake City bedroom has been found incompetent to stand trial judge ruled today.
In Salt Lake City.
Wanda Barzi, 58, was ordered committed to Utah State Hospital.
Judge Judith Athodon said Barzi's competency would be reviewed at an April 15th year.
She's beautiful, by the way, ever since.
Oh, yeah, lovely.
Wow, I've stepped on stuff look better than that.
What a lookah.
Two mental health experts had earned, of course, he's lovely too, so it's the next one.
Two mental health experts had earlier found her not competent to stand trial.
A hearing had been scheduled to contest these rulings.
But Barzi earlier this week waived her right to contest the findings.
Barzi's attorneys, Dave Finley-Sinn and Scott Williams filed a motion Wednesday in which Barzi asked the court to rule out its discretion without an evidence hearing, though she did not agree with the experts who filed her incompetent.
Yadia, yadia, yadia in a partridge in a paratry.
So there you go.
Woman to be committed.
And oh, I see in the mail suspect faces a hearing January 27th.
I see I had a little bit asked the backwards.
But anyway, they're going to put her in the unhut house.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What well-known person would you like to have dinner with especially if they're buying?
We got Robert DuVal Marlon Brando, Keith Richards, Michael Moore, Johnny Depp, Neil Rogers, Mel Brooks, Dennis Liri, the Dalilama, Francis Ford Coppola, Bill Clinton, Hugh Hefner, Gloria Steinem, Jack Nicholson, OJ, Stevie Taller, and who's the other one down?
Benicio Del Toro.
Benicio Del Toro.
Well, I know right down in foreign languages.
Hey, Robert Blake.
And Robert Blake.
Okay, that's the list so far.
I'll tell you why.
I bet you would get some really good stories from somebody I know.
My time slot I need so that's dedicated for me.
Say I bet you would get it.
How about lunch with the dinner?
Of course, you'd probably eat everything, but that's okay.
Sure.
Dinner with the beast.
Go to a buffet.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, just like the name Tracy Lorde for lunch.
Okay.
Okay, he's got a backwards.
We've been asked who do you like to have for lunch.
Who do you like to go to lunch?
That's okay.
Put her on there.
Stick her on there.
It'll make him happy.
Give him some hope.
Hold out some hope while he grow up.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Dean.
Is the witness or whatever it is?
The witness, Tarni.
Yes.
I've got a good name for your list.
I'm going to come and eat your.
Hopefully he's not related to the morning host, but Larry David, the good David.
Who's Larry David?
Curb your enthusiasm and HBO.
Oh, I don't want to say that.
Okay.
He's a very good guy.
He's very good.
Okay.
Thanks, Pallet.
George, watch the show.
I've seen it.
George, tell me how good it is.
It's adequate.
Okay.
That makes a lot of sense.
Put it like your head, man.
All right.
See ya.
Don't count on George to like be there.
Let's see if you didn't like Seinfeld.
This is the co-creator of Seinfeld.
Wow.
So in this guy's entitled, I'm not going to poo poo everybody else's taste.
We can't all watch the same crap.
We can't all watch the freaking Playboy channel, you know?
Or speak out of the Playboy channel.
What are they doing now?
Oh, that's so you need to do it.
Oh, that's what?
Keep your finger close.
Yeah.
Oh, close to the duck.
Okay.
I'll put it up.
Wait, no mom.
I come for her, see you.
Okay, that's enough of that.
I beg your pardon?
Posted it on what?
You said keep your finger close.
Oh.
368 votes.
We need to get to 499 by two o'clock.
That ain't going to happen.
Unless we have this sudden gigantic huge brush right there at the end.
Now, why would that be?
I think again, I think that maybe that's part of the reason I think I have my thumb on it.
I'll push it down a little bit here so that may be deceiving.
Because of the fact that the rushed people, they've gone over to the left.
So they can hear the truth.
They can hear the Amos man.
They can hear the Pill Pop and Truth.
WDQA, hello.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Yes.
I got one.
Okay.
Arnold.
Arnold.
The group and fewer.
Okay.
You got a mind.
He's buying.
Vogue him up.
56670560.
A pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
But your Arnold has some really good stories.
You know, he was going to investigate but he decided, ah, why bother?
I'm the governor now.
I'm the governor.
I mean, if you really think about that seriously, you will go crazy.
I promise you that they'll put you in a straight jacket like share it in unpassions.
You just lose your mind.
But the media reported this.
Not just the fact that he said it, which was so idiotic in the first place, but then he's in idiots.
So what do you expect?
But the fact that he said that he didn't have time during those final couple of days before devoting in California.
So, but after the election, he promised he was going to investigate the charges against him.
It's like, oh, Jason, ah, I got to play a lot of golf now, man.
But I'm going to investigate them charges against me, you know.
Right.
And it's even far beyond he's going to search for the killer.
Forget about that.
But he's going to investigate the charges and then sure enough within the day or two after he won the election by a landslide.
Ah, he changes my way, bring up wide-dreads up old crap, you know.
Sure.
We all got to pass.
Exactly.
20 till two, the mad dog or two, the huffer is back to the end of the load.
The load, thank the Lord, is back four to seven this afternoon.
My life and local.
This is 43560.
You weigh two AM.
Who the fat man, that doesn't ever go into much against fat rich.
Made a date, he said, don't be late, pomp and opar, can I sit I'll be there with bells on.
Anyway, pomp and opar is waiting for you guys out there, want to plunge your guts.
You might even run into somebody famous like PD Rose there with a big stack of hundreds on the table.
It's just a half a mile from both I-95 and the turnpike and pomp and opar is easy to get to from anywhere in best of all.
They feature free admission and free general parking every single day of your life.
Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, including tonight, five nights a week.
The poker starts at noon till midnight and live racing gets underway at 705 nightly.
Every Monday night is the two for $25 dinner special on the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday at the pomp and opar is $9 for draft beer, hot dogs and sodas.
Every Thursday is ladies night, two for one drink, specials just for the ladies.
Also every night on the fourth floor players room, there's a 795 plated dinner special.
Also there'll be a special tribute night a week from Monday, Monday, January 19, honoring Martin Luther King Jr.
with one race featuring African American drivers only plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial race in February,
it said they'll try to be on his best behavior.
Pompadot Park is also open for a simulcasting every day a night, seven days a night's a week featuring the best in harness,
third bread, highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and of course plunge your lungs on.
Pompadot Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule called 954-972-2000
or run a web check them out at pompadotpark.com.
Pompadot Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule called 954-2000-2000
Have a million dollar weekend with swing double in Q and A.
56.
Reagan, a life in letters is the publishing event of the year, but letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president, introducing Reagan.
Reagan, a life in posted notes is by more jelly beans, PS, red jelly beans, good, red, commies, bad.
No where else could you find such a clear statement of our 40th president's values and opinions than on little yellow squares of paper stuck to the White House fridge?
Nancy, please wash my overalls. Use tied, PS, not the tide of Marxism that threatens our very way of life.
Reagan, a life in posted notes, chronicles his thoughts on politics, religion, and even sat here, Nancy.
The Berlin Wall has fallen, and when I get home, so will that little lace number, I put you for our anniversary.
PS, growl.
Right, because he had polio as a young man, and because they raised money, I've died at a time, to help raise money for research to eliminate polio, which they did thanks to Dr. Salk.
But I just mentioned that in passing.
I mean, forget about the fact that FDR was the only president elected more than twice, and a lot of people think the greatest president in history took us out of the depression through World WW2.
But just the idea that here they wanted to take him off today, oh, I forget about it.
Because, and pretty so, let's take Jefferson off my washmourry, he wasn't a Republican, right?
Right? Anybody who ended George Washington too, who wasn't a Republican, let's take down all the pictures of him.
Heidi flies somebody suggests for the poor, that's a good choice, since he probably had some interesting stories.
I've had a instance where named drop in, who I had dinner with one night in Amsterdam, and she was pretty boring.
What's Al Vostin's friend there, the old slut?
The old slut?
The old porno broad, glory-alettered.
No, not glory-alettered. The galloping gourmet. What I'm going to hell her name is, you know what I'm talking about.
It'll come to me when I heard him talk about her as far as the old slut.
No, not glory-alettered. I'm talking about some old bag, somebody will know.
Anyway, I had dinner with her one night, she had all the food, here in Al.
400 votes, if the election were today, who would you vote for?
400, he's got a shot of 499, you didn't think so, did you?
No, it's not. Well, we got the 99 and 15 minutes, we could do it.
You have little faith, I doubt it though.
Howard Dean, 294, 73 and a half percent, George W. Bush 58, 14 and a half percent.
I wouldn't vote, 48, 12 percent of this crowd, wouldn't vote, no matter what, if you paid him, he wouldn't do it.
W.Q. Am, hello.
Oh, I got a suggestion for the poll. Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I'll be there at the playware man, sir.
Who is it?
He'll have to, at the playware man.
He'll have to resign there, we got a lot of votes. Thanks a lot for it.
Oh, yes, he's on her.
Several people, I told you, once the poll, now see this poll will go up, a lot of people are probably frustrated waiting for this poll to go up.
You got the whole weekend, man, you got nothing else going on.
George tells me the weather is very nice, we need to receive me back in town with some nice mild weather.
It's only 80 below zero here, so why not, yeah.
So you got all weekend to ponder it to take a look at it and starting right into a clock.
So if you want to vote on a presidential poll, not just to get kind of even Steve with a Clark versus Bush vote,
but also just to get in your one and a half percent.
Everybody wants to get their two cents in.
And then, and then Zach said, well, actually, I have another job I can do, so, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Yeah, see, duh, duh, duh, duh, that's what we keep hearing, duh, duh, duh, duh, whatever you say, Mo.
Mo, the true story is out and you can change it, you can twist it, you can manipulate clearance,
you can threaten him with a physical punishment, you can make all the kind of veiled threats at the beast you want.
The fact that a matter is the audience in the whole world, Rania, baby, Rania, you and your bull crap.
And boy, talk about an overgrown little girl, man, you hit her right in the head, little girl.
Just like the thing about him calling up the beast at home here months ago.
You're responsible for everybody hating me and you've turned the whole station against them, you know,
and throwing another sniff at it.
Just go out and play some more golf, will you?
Have Gully squeeze out the old bag, go play some golfing and put on some nice checkered pants,
or the lime green ones are good, put on a nice hat to cover up that muskrat,
and get out everybody's face already.
Get a life, you're making that kind of money.
Yeah, what would you do?
You're making a half a million dollars to come in and work three hours a day, basically do nothing.
Another half a million to do the frickin' dolphin games or whatever they're paying them.
He's making big bucks to do basically nothing.
You could put guarantee of hate pain for many meals.
I guarantee you that.
I know he's sure not paying for the donuts and the coffee and the other food there in the morning,
which is good. Nice going, though, you asshole.
Oh, listen, how to keep yourself safe from mad cow disease.
You almost let me forget the word.
All right.
Also known as Quartzfeld Yacob disease or CJD.
In fact, there are those people who think that a lot of people in the US have gotten mad cow disease,
but the government ain't telling us because, well, you know, there are people who get Quartzfeld or Yacob disease.
In fact, somebody famous just died from that. I can't think of what it was.
Anyway, you can decrease your chances of getting it and keep eating the beef you love by following these tips.
I love beef tips.
Especially beef stroganoff.
Then she'll love that with noodles.
I do, with sauerkraut.
I can eat the noodles, though.
Don't eat anything that contains beef brains such as cow head cheese.
Oh, I like head, but I can't stand head cheese.
The brain and spinal column, other parts of the central nervous system in part of the gut, cause the most problems.
By muscle meats, the safest meat is muscle meats, such as boneless roasts.
Muscle meat is much less chance of coming in contact with contaminated products.
Choose boneless steaks and skip the tea bones.
You might want to avoid any steak with a marrow containing bone.
Mero bone marrow can be infectious.
Do you get it?
Right.
Stand the straightened marrow.
Avoid the marrow.
Right.
In other words, it's kind of like moh.
I'm infectious.
Right.
By free range, 100% grass fed organic beef.
By the way, do you see that thing about the salmon?
No, what the what the what the what the farmer is salmon.
It's got like 10 times as much mercury as the wild in a while.
By free range, 100% grass fed organic beef.
Free range, cabley, lonely grass and organic beef is never fed in the animal remains.
When eating in restaurants, avoid this is made with ground beef and processed products.
Stick with boneless cuts of beef such as rib eye steaks.
Oh, I feel good now.
That's what I love is my rib eye.
Nothing like a rib eye, man.
Man, don't you love a good rib eye like a root crisp?
I like the I like to serve like.
Mm-hmm.
I like my rib eye.
You use kosher beef.
Oi!
Which may be safer than non kosher beef, it says maybe.
Kosher slaughterhouses do not use downers or sick cattle that can't walk.
And their method of slaughter minimizes the chances of contamination with brain tissue.
Because it's trache.
The use of automatic meat recover systems which tear off the last bits of meat from the bone could allow some of the tissue from the spinal cord to enter the food supply to process meat products.
If you're worried about processed meat products, you can choose hot dog sausages and lunch and meats made from pork instead of beef.
Why do you like my pork?
Sure.
Especially Germany, man.
Oh, that bratwurst there is just to die for, a German sausage.
Of what hamburger meat marked ground beef instead choose ground chuck or other ground meats and indicate cut of beef they were made from.
Or you can get ground meat for hamburgers and other dishes by buying boneless muscle meats such as boneless, surrlin and chuck roasts, having the butcher ground to be free.
You can even take the roast home and grind it yourself in your food processor.
And meat obtained from automatic meat recover systems cannot be used in public school lunch programs.
So don't be too worried about your kids school lunches.
Okay, unless you're dying to get rid of them.
There you go.
There's a lot of advice for you.
Okay.
And the price is right.
152, how are we doing?
Are we going to get to that 499?
We got 417 votes.
799 is like 77 away.
It's 11 a minute.
Can we do it?
Tall order.
A tall order, but this crowd can do it.
Five and a local.
This is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
Two in.
West, dude.
I saw Muriano here.
Baby, tell me see that we're lacking in the form.
They provide a headline that will lead you by the throne.
You say it.
You say it is the one.
You get.
Now they have only one.
They take care of her.
Don't forget that we're gone.
Now we're all put together.
You say you got.
We won't have this no more.
You got.
Where is this like?
You said 9 or 11 is what they got you to do.
Can't get any government that don't own party cards and bring.
You believe what they say like the fall.
Like the fall.
As they unite.
The stakes of the fall.
And true.
I'll be a lecture ball.
We got it.
Who should start it?
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
Xavier Hollander.
Oh right.
I was looking for it.
She wasn't a porn star.
I don't think I said she was a porn star.
I said the porn lady, the hooker lady, the slut, the old bang.
Yes.
It was marginally interesting.
In fact, Al had the restaurant closed.
The Thai restaurant in Amsterdam.
Had them closed for the night and opened just for us for his entourage.
For Alan, 80 of his best friends.
You know one of those deals.
Anyway, 400.
I notice you're not saying a word.
I have good.
Keep it.
We ended the show drop.
There was a court.
I don't know.
I don't think I was going to get fired.
Okay, calm down now.
Just calm down.
434 votes.
If the election were held today for whom would you vote?
Howard Dean, 315.
72.5.
It looks like his candidacy is alive.
George W. Bush taken it up the push from Dean.
66 for W.
15.2% up a little bit.
And I wouldn't vote 53.
12.2%.
So we're not going to make the $4.99.
But I think about $4.50, right?
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
That's respectable.
So we're considering we did one less than 500 in the first two hours.
Then it ate too bad.
And it looks like Dean, well, let's see.
I don't want to say it looks like.
Let me take a puket.
What it was.
68.9.
So say Clark had 69%.
Clark had 69.
Maybe that's why they liked them.
And Dean 72.5.
So about 3.5% better.
Yeah, all the way around.
Two to three points better.
Which isn't really that spectacular.
Is it?
Whatever.
Whatever is our YC.
You're sour because you're a Dean person.
And so am I.
I'm a person who wants to see somebody who can win.
That's why I don't we do.
Because I lived through Walter Mondale and George McGovern.
I lived through Walter Mondale.
I went in for the Senate again.
I'm in a soda, which was just unbelievable disaster.
He was boring.
Well, how is there's a lot of them that are boring?
Well, how are Dean is not boring?
No, see.
I like somebody that when he gets animated, you can see the rise in their neck when they speak.
Who gets like, you know, and then tells it like it is.
And the way that's the problem.
In fact, the Wimp factor is what helped Bubba win the first time around.
Not just because Bush, a senior lied about the no-new tassers.
But because of the fact that he was such a Wimp, maybe.
That's the only reason that the one, the first time in 88 is because the Democrats outwimped him with Michael Dukaka.
Nobody thought they could find a bigger, whine-year, wimpier guy than George Bush or Herbert Walker.
Bush had shown off Democrats could do it with Dukakis.
And so now they're trying to peddle this lie, this bull crap about,
well, Howard Dean's another Michael Dukakis.
He can't win any states in the South.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, it's going to be another landslide.
I don't think so.
No.
Because if, like I said earlier in the show, if they really believe that, they wouldn't be pushing him so hard to make it appear that way.
Because by doing that, what they're doing is like siphoning support away from him and pushing it to a clerk.
There's somebody beside just the Clintons who are behind the whole clerk thing, if he acts may.
Don't you think the Tri-Lateral Commission?
And the Illuminati and the Bilderbergers.
And you know who else I think might be behind some of it?
The Beast.
And it was basically like, yeah, I know.
So anyway, we've solved the dilemma today.
We didn't need Miss Marple.
We didn't need child-like homes.
We didn't need the curcule poor rower any of those people.
We solved the problem.
And we came to the conclusion that Mo got to Zach off the show.
Whether he wants to lie about it, whether he wants to make up any stories, whether he wants to call clearance and have a snit fit on the phone again, whatever.
That's the bottom line.
You're a piece of crap, Mo.
Absolutely.
Nobody is good enough for the moment.
Absolutely.
And dog is good enough for us and just about everybody else.
He's coming along next, the load back and forward this afternoon.
Bye, bye, bye!
The New World's Show on 516.
We'll be waiting for Mario.
You've got to stick your spooner at last.
Don't worry. It's not gonna break.
You've turned.
