What a sucks!
Absolutely!
The USA caught me in my spies and hauled.
Now they tore me over to a Iraqi control.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe,
Redis understand there's gonna be one more grave in Iraq.
Abu Gauw, red yet here in Iraq.
As all that they've won being the dark,
I will crop in the jail as Iraq.
My people can hardly wait to make me pay.
Just like the neighborhood they in Tuesday.
Only one way to try and hover my post.
Now Johnny Cacran or Mark Gere goes to Iraq.
Yeah, say come to Iraq.
With my cell man going to stay locked,
do they get to the jail as Iraq?
Maybe if I'm lucky I can.
Probably, maybe I can even be the sanity.
I must have been crazy to get into this war.
It's like trying to steal donut from my little more Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
Abu Gauw, red.
My head will soon be on the black.
And I will tie in the jail as Iraq.
Tie in the jail as Iraq.
Tie in the air.
10.45.60.00.00.00.00.
I'm not going to like air on the side of caution.
How is it? The other way?
Yeah, you are going to air on the side of panic.
I don't want people to get panicky out there.
Oh my god.
The fact of the matter is that Hurricane Ivan is making a turn for the worst possibly.
If this thing comes up to where they're forecasting right now,
we got to track on our website, newroggers.com.
That was just a five o'clock this morning.
There will be a new map, a new track and all that stuff in a couple of minutes
when the new advisory is already out.
But we don't have it. The winds are down from 16 to 145 miles an hour.
I don't think I'll even read the eight o'clock because the new ones coming out at 11.
But if it continues along the track that they're predicting after blowing your make-off
the face of the globe and then through Cuba, then they predicted to like
all of a sudden take a jog north because hurricanes love Florida.
Some of us are a little bit ant-burned out on Florida, but not hurricanes.
They love Florida.
Yeah, that's right.
Huh?
Look at that team.
I see. I must be in.
Oh, and speaking of that team, what are we going to do about that dolphin game on Sunday?
Because if this thing comes up right through the center of the states,
across the keys and right through the center of the state, then exiting the same place
where Francis came in up there near, oh, I would say four Paris Virol, Melbourne, Cocoa Beach,
up in that neck of the woods, we would this time be on the east side.
What is now a Category 5 hurricane?
All the winds are down a little bit, 160 down to 145, if that makes a big deal.
Hurricane Avent killed at least 12 people in Grenade of Damage, nearly all of its homes
destroyed a prison living criminals on the loose.
If you saw the country today, it would be more of a surprise to anyone that we didn't have
more deaths than it appears at the moment, Prime Minister Keith Mitchell be saying,
Mitchell confirmed that the escapees included some of the 17 jailed for life for killings
during a Marxist palace coup in 1983, but didn't know which ones.
They were all running around on the loose.
Mitchell said 90% of the homes in Grenade were damaged, the deaths hold with rise.
He said much of the country's agriculture had been destroyed, including its primary export crop,
Nutmeg.
How about you never knew that before, did you?
I had no idea.
Nutmeg, that's what made Grenade a famous, that's probably why we invaded there to get all of their nutmeg.
Now let's see, here's the fact that it says when this is how it's stern show end
that I'd rather listen to the weather furries.
This has to be a killer for your ratings.
It's definitely a killer to listen to Robin Hood the news.
Well, what can I tell you, Gene?
And what's your high, Gene?
But it's just the way it is.
Now as a result of this very lengthy stern show today, we have an hour and a little over an hour and a half show.
And I got news for you, Greg.
This was your idea, baby.
Okay, don't try to give me this song in advance.
Well, you know, we're paying a meal for four hours.
In fact, don't you remember when they said, well, maybe how about we'll have a meal to do 11 to 2?
Then at least there'll be some consistency.
We don't want consistency.
We want psychosis.
It's always a surprise.
Anyway, before we get into all of that and the poll today, I'm taking care of this in my house and making damn sure that that thing is protected with shutters and generators and every kind of thing out of the sun.
And if I were you since today is only Thursday, now is the time based on the size and the nature of this thing.
If you have the storm shutters off already, well, just keep them there.
If you took some of them down, I'd be thinking about the next day or two putting them back up.
And I would certainly be doing the things that we learned.
Like, call the last one to dry run, even though it's pouring here in Toronto last two days as if it's only asked into Francis.
And then all the whole northeast is getting dead youths as Francis finally throws in the towel.
Call it like a learning lesson.
And the thing I'm afraid of, although probably not too many people, but there'll be some people who like us, the boy who cried wolf syndrome, well, you know, they got us all whipped up and we're friendsy.
And then we didn't give very much where we were.
Well, take a look at the tracking map and then stop and think now, of course, it could go like way up into Bahamas or even east of there.
Or it could go off into the Gulf of Mexico.
All of these things, you know, I'm saying all of these things that we don't know.
It's just too far out.
But if the storm is going to hit like Monday morning at two o'clock in the morning, which is what they're saying as far as the keys, what about that dolphin game on Sunday?
If George had a good idea, we'll begin this Saturday.
Is that what I said?
Didn't you say that?
I don't know.
Yeah, you said that.
All right. I must have.
There's somebody said that.
I know you said it.
Okay.
And I think that's a fine idea.
I moved that game to Saturday.
Then you can get the Titans out of town with their gigantic victory.
I mean, after they blow the dolphins off the field, I mean, and then everybody can be home and safe and sound.
We might have to worry about traveling and people getting stuck and all of us out of all of these things.
1,651 votes on yesterday's pool.
What about the past week was most significant to you?
And of course, not even close, and especially now with Ivan Cummins for the big blow.
Hurricane France is 773, almost half.
The slaughter of hundreds in Russia, including all of those kids, 397.
New pool show Bush with a big lead, 327, although the news side may pull, which I got that story a little bit, shows that Carrie's already scratched in back.
The convention bounce is already, especially after all this stuff last couple of days, proving what we've always been.
He's known and said that Bush was AWOL. He was a draft dodger.
And him and his vice president were just a couple of draft dodging chicken hawks.
The dolphins take J.P. were starting quarterback only had 98 votes, and most people are going,
and Bill Clinton's heart surgery out of 1,600 plus votes only 56.
They just don't care, you know?
Sorry, I'm fine.
Huh? That's what I'm hearing.
Oh, we're fine.
But you would think as beloved as he was.
Now, I don't know about you, but you got that weather room.
In fact, you should be having it on right now, the weather channel.
Okay. 27. Yes. Can I hear it?
Generation flows. A car can fly.
I don't want to hear this. Spice.
No, I want to hear their tropical advisory. I guess it's already over with.
Ooh, look, amino peptides.
What is it? Amino peptides.
Oh, great.
My favorite color peptide.
Because I'm trying to refresh this. In fact, maybe that guy out there that's been sending me, although I think he's upset with me,
because I said I've already got it and he got the, yes, they got all bent out of shape.
I think maybe not. He stopped sending me the hurricane updates.
Uh-huh.
Because the problem, the NOAA website is great.
We've got a link to it on our website along with that tracking map.
But the problem is that they don't stick the stuff on it.
They send it out to all of these news organizations, the media people, and all of that.
But as far as putting it on the website, they don't do it until, like, right on the dots generally.
So the 8 a.m. is still on there.
Well, let's see. Here's also emergency officials today began the total, total evacuation of the Florida Keys because of Hurricane Ivan.
Because it could hit the island chain as early as Sunday.
All tourist recreational vehicles and mobile home residents were urged to evacuate the Keys beginning two days.
A phase evacuation of Monroe County's other residents will begin tomorrow, about 79,000 people live in the Keys.
National Hurricane Center Forecasters predict that Ivan could hit the Keys late Sunday or early Monday before possibly hitting the Florida mainland early, uh, later on Monday.
The, well, we already know about this. The winds and blah, blah, blah.
If the storm begins to a category for it, it's Cuba before approaching the Keys.
Well, that would be an improvement, but still big and bad.
It is huge. Have you seen it? You've seen it. You tracking it? What was that?
Here's a fact from a Hector who says, he says,
I listened to Howard for the past two weeks or maybe I'm not sophisticated enough, but his routine is boring and plain stupid.
Changing radio stations until your show is on air is getting old.
I think Mr. Reed or whatever his name is is a moron for his new format.
Well, that brings us to today's pool before we do the beta curtain or should we do her first?
We want to do it. And so let's do her first.
Okay. Well, we now we don't have time for her. In fact, we'll do both things when we come back because we've got to get the brakes in.
We've got a lot of spots to get in here in only an hour and 35 minutes.
Shame on Howard. Matt, we're going to be so late.
Don't take a break if we don't want to.
What do you mean by that? I think he played all our stuff. No, I guess I'll take a break.
Like I said, four minutes before 11 at 5. 60 WQ and we got the Marlon pregame at 12.
30 Marlins in the mess at 105. Did the Marlins win last night?
He didn't even get.
Come on, he scores. You don't know?
No. In other words, here's the guy that wants all those free Marlins tickets.
You mainiac, man. He knows nothing about Cuba. He knows nothing about the Marlon score.
He doesn't exist anymore. He doesn't exist anymore.
I'm going to get a break of hope.
Marlins was.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they eat from my rack to see ears.
Use you to the torture.
Cause they're just playing their game in the past.
It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying.
See, real short bits, because we don't have very much time.
Marlins won again last night. They're just smoking.
Of course, the mess are rolling over and dying. They're finished. They're not always...
I'm dying out of here.
And it comes lost. How do you like that?
So only a game and a half behind Houston, which now the Astros who are winning every day,
they have a game ahead of the Cubs in the Wild Card race.
I just mentioned that in passing since we're the pregame for the Marlins today.
And we're delighted to do that.
Angela Linfell was behind the beating curtain on uroxid.com today.
Angela was born January 14, 1979, which makes her according to my arithmetic 25.
She's alive in 25.
And she was born in Midwest City, Oklahoma.
How do you like that?
I never heard of Midwest City, do you?
Of course, it's Oklahoma.
Well, you know, they're confused.
She's a model actress in her filmography. It's a little on the... it's small.
And her filmography, too.
She's in DKNY Road Stories, New York Stories, and CQ.
And that's it.
Yeah.
Sometimes I... sometimes I go to IMDB and I print out these filmographies.
And it's like... the first of all, 48 pages, you know, crap like that.
But not with the lovely Angela. She's on the model.
For the most part.
With the boobies and all, okay?
But before we do today's poll, I love this story.
Before we get anything too serious, a lot of crap going on.
Okay, so you have noticed.
Like I said, I would be getting stuck in up on the water.
I'd be getting applied with it. I'd be getting the generator.
I'd be doing these things today very calmly.
I wouldn't be going into a panic. But now is the time.
Because we got a big blow, possibly coming.
And if it doesn't come, say you'll put it in the garage.
You'll take it back and get a refund and get kicked out of the store trying to do it.
Right? Right.
Because this is a no-lamping matter.
I mean, in the rain...
But I still think that some of these like Miss Kamal and Miss Noracross
they hyperventilate so much. It becomes like a boy who cried well.
Well, you know, they always exaggerate.
Just take a look at that tracking map.
As a matter of fact, let me go back to the thing again.
The Noah thing.
Because it's 11.02.
Now, wouldn't you think...
Oh, wait a minute.
The teen wins 160.
This has not changed over the past six hours.
14.5 North, 71.4 West.
If you're tracking the storm and it is a category five, of course.
Now, I'm going to just read you some of the discussion.
Please.
Please.
It's not from the Hirchins Center quickly.
They're saying, obviously, that the storm this strong usually does not maintain its peak strength very long.
So what they're looking at is some fluctuations in strength, obviously,
over the next few hours or so, 36 hours.
They expect, as the storm works its way towards Jamaica,
and then across Cuba, they do expect it to encounter two things.
Yes, it's amazing.
Some sheer is going to encounter, obviously, interacting with land.
And then the sea surface temperatures here are a little bit cooler than the ones currently under the storm.
So as it moves towards Jamaica, we're still looking at a very strong fluctuating category four, category five storm.
As it moves on to the north, then we start to see it potentially weakening, which is excellent news.
The bad news, his intensity forecasts are notoriously unreliable.
So we're just going to have to keep our fingers crossed with that.
Now, as the storm works its way towards Cuba, all the forecast models are about five of them that they're looking at really are very consistent as it heads on up towards Jamaica.
Once it goes past Cuba, that's when we start to get a little bit of divergence in the track.
And that's when we'll have to kind of play it by ear as far as where it might go.
The Western, Eastern Gulf, the Mexico's possible, obviously, Florida's possible, obviously, the Hollywood's possible.
But as we go on through the next several hours, we'll start to narrow that down a little bit.
Once you get out past 72 hours, you do have to be pretty careful because you could have a potential error of several hundred miles.
So we know for sure now Cuba, certainly in the gun site, Jamaica, certainly is after that.
They won't have to be concerned, obviously, about potential landfall across the United States.
And that will be early next week, or perhaps as early as late Sunday.
Oh, thanks, Lauren. Lauren's certainly, and I tell you she's great on CNN.
And I said that before, good, yes, indeed. She's good.
Oh, look at that. She's not hysterical and she's not hyperventilating and she's not using her hand all, all, you know, making all these drawings and, et cetera.
A father who allegedly trying to circumsize his eight-year-old son in the bathroom after reading selections from the Bible has been charged with first-degree assault of a child in Vancouver, Washington.
Edwin Bruce Baxter, 33, was charged in Clark County Superior Court.
Judge Diane Woolord said bail of 50 grand in schedule and remain for September 17.
If convicted, he faces at least 10 years in prison.
According to a probable cause after David Baxter told Sheriff's Deputies he tried to circumsize his son with a knife Friday.
After reading Genesis 17 and Exodus 4, both passages refer to the procedure.
He became concerned and called 9-11 when the boy appeared to be losing too much blood.
Ha, ha, ha. Baxter told that he is yet no medical training.
Well, then say anything about that in the Bible, I bet.
Right, he did it with the boils.
The boy was taken to stop. That's what the kid was screaming, holy Moses, to eight years old.
The boy was taken to South West Washington Medical Center where he received several stitches.
Baxter, a bridge field, is married with nine children.
Don't touch!
With nine children, he works as a truck driver with hells above his transfer company in Portland, Oregon, according to court documents.
The parents had been reported in the past allegedly failing to enroll their children in school.
He was convicted. Baxter was in 1993 for domestic violence.
Clark County, senior, neverc, whatever, W. Prosecutor, Comparison.
Yeah, good religious guy.
Right.
Beats up his wife.
Right, well the Bible is under things like this.
And they're going to, you know, that's home school and man, that's where it's at.
Just read the Bible, that's all you need to know.
Anyway, deadly carbom rocks your Carter.
Oh my God.
A powerful carbom sits in front of the curtain near the Australian Embassy, currently at least eight people winning about 170 others.
Here's the, the explosion this morning went off 12 feet away from the Embassy's gate, leaving a crater three meters deep.
Now what's a meter about three feet?
Little more than a yard yes.
CNN correspondent Maria Wester said the coin to police to blast was far larger than the one to kill 12 people in a myriad hotel in the same district.
Lies to your lot of crap going on in the world.
Here's today's poll question because we got a lot of crap going on at QAM.
And I, I don't know what to make of it, but maybe this will give us a little bit, a little bit better idea.
Do you think?
No.
And maybe not.
Here's the poll question.
What's your take on the current QAM lineup?
I've got six choices on here.
Well, we don't have a lot of time to this.
We better get with it.
I love it.
I want the Humper back on now.
I want Neil back at 10.
What is it?
In other words, what is the lineup?
That's going to be my vote because I have no idea what it is.
I mean, I see day to day, but it blows kind of like Hurricane Ivan and Francis.
It blows.
There's a lot of that going on from what I'm hearing.
And Greg Reed should be in a straight jacket.
Well, I'm going to be tempted between what is it?
And Greg Reed should be putting a straight jacket.
Who would come up with a choice like that?
I guess I did.
So that's our poll.
I think I'm going to do what is it?
Because I don't know what the lineup is.
Now, I'm supposed to like promote the lineup, but all I can do is like read whatever's on the sheet every day.
And it seems to be rarely the same two days in a row.
We do have mo.
Do do do do do do do after the Marlin game.
Did I have to do the Marlins kick them out to ask again?
Marlins are going to be in the wild card in the leadership in a few days.
Make no mistake about that, although.
Now, let's see.
Well, what's the deal for this weekend?
No, they're in Chicago this weekend, right?
Yep.
Well, see, there's something you know about.
And you know what's that?
Because he doesn't have any tickets for those games because they're not in town.
Correct.
If they were in town, you better believe he had tickets for those games.
Because he took all the good tickets.
I mean, he just chopped them up.
Even though he doesn't know the Marlins won again last night and kicked them, that's as to his zip.
Mother had kicked Lionel Tate out of the house before he was arrested.
Did you see this story?
No, you heard it.
Well, now do we have the new tracking map before we get to this?
And I hate to be like all over the place, but there's a lot of heavy duty stuff going on.
I want to be this time just as panicky and psychotic as everybody else, but even though I'm not there, of course.
I'm so sorry, I can't be there again.
You get like a housebound for three or four days and go through all of that psychotic crap
and sit in the house and eat and eat and pray that the electric don't go out.
All of those things.
Let's see, extremely dangerous hurricane Ivan moving across the Caribbean.
And I'm picking on it and hopefully they've changed this thing.
I sure hope so and they haven't.
You people at the, I don't want to get into it.
I want to start.
They haven't changed.
They still got the eight o'clock owner.
Anybody got the 11 o'clock fax into it?
Please.
Oh, that one guy.
He won't do it anymore.
He's a really pissed off at me.
Let's see.
Now there's the five day forecast track, but that was as a five a.m.
I'm sure that'll let me take one more peek at it.
Yeah, five a.m.
And the new one came out at 11 o'clock.
Do we have it?
No.
No, you got it.
No.
By the way, people keep faxing stories all morning long about things that we don't care about
or that they already have.
Please stop.
Yeah, please stop.
He faxed out his crap that we don't care about.
Okay, trying to like to run the show and think what I'm going to talk about.
He's going to do a bit of good.
And putting into the slightest bit of good.
Anyway, Lionel Tate walked out of his house.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I walked out of the house.
The rest of it is Pembroke Park home early Friday morning.
Shortly after he and his mother argued and she told them to get out of the house.
Tate's a pretty Richard Rosenbaum.
Said yesterday.
Rosenbaum.
Oh!
After meeting with Tate at the Broward County Jail, Rosenbaum said he was disappointed, angry,
and very concerned for the team.
I've learned from various sources that Lionel and his mother were arguing verbally and
that she told them to get out of the house that mom went to bed and it's the legs that he
and his cousin left the house Rosenbaum said Tate's 17 was arrested too.
In case you missed his story yesterday, accused of violating the terms of his house arrest
by leaving his home Friday having a pocket knife with a four-inch blade when he was stopped
by two Broward chair step at least, coupled with lots of the rest of his house, and then,
of course, lying about his identity too.
Tate and his mother recently have been having problems and tension that Rosenbaum said
are in part related to financial strain because Tate wasn't paying his way and in part
to what the attorney called teenage problems.
In other words, they have lots of problems.
Yeah, they do.
Got that?
I think she, I think there's a special place for mom too.
I don't want to go into it by her rumors that there are special places where she might
belong too.
Well, we know about he suffocated Tiffany Unique who was only 60 years old when he was 12
in the audience.
We have suffocated her.
Well, suffocated the townspean, beater, come up and down on her.
Right.
Well, I've had to head up against season.
She's dead.
It would be like going into a big sauna dance because Rick Stanches had that crash and
the guy died, you know?
We don't want to keep rehashing him.
Do we hasn't yet enough problems already?
That would be like picking on poor Greg Budell or some of the down and out guy like that.
And the rumor I was hearing is that Rick Stanches is going to see him and I haven't seen
him though.
Have you?
No.
Well, I think he fit in real good now with all that hurricane I've uncovered because if
anybody blows, it's certainly Rick Stanches.
It's 11 past 11.
I thought, oh, I don't forget.
Look for the QN fan from now to 1 o'clock at a Maritell wireless, 2104 North Flamingo
Road.
That's in Flamingo and Sheridan next to LA Fitness in Pemberk Fines.
And here's the good news.
You can stop by right now to pick up tickets to today's Marlins Metz game and registered
to win 25 grand from the Hurricanes Rick for Cash Contest.
How to kick for cash.
Can't ignore that.
Maybe that's about Ricky Williams.
Kick Ricky Williams for cash.
The Hurricanes kick for cash contest, whatever that is.
You can register to win that and also get some free tickets for a days baseball game.
And I looked on the Miami radar while back and there was some like some of them pop
up showers, you know what I mean?
Around here and there, but it didn't look like anything too bad.
As you look out the window where you're sitting right now.
Oh, look at that.
The shower just popped up.
Right.
Anyway, it's 12 past 11 at 5, 60 WQA.
If you haven't, I almost said WYOD.
Can you believe it?
I've felt that.
Did you really?
Yeah.
I don't know why I did that.
I almost said WYOD.
Oh, I can't do that.
I've got the bad.
So what's that?
Maybe I'm finally getting out of this place.
WYOD.
Oh, I hate that stage.
Amen.
Wow.
Anyway, it's 12 past 11 at 5, 60, this place.
Yeah.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
I mean, what is that?
Accurate.
Well, I mean, how many times can
I know he's in New Orleans with all these big radio meetings
and he's always got some excusey.
You know, every time there's something like big crap going on,
he's always absent.
A wall, kind of like bush.
Remember yesterday I was talking about the similarities
between him and Bush?
There's another one.
Whenever he's needed,
whenever he's supposed to be someplace, he's always a busy,
oh, Greg's out of town.
Greg's out of town.
He's got important meetings right now.
Yeah.
He's in New Orleans, which conveniently, of course,
being out of town when Hurricane Ivan is coming.
I think that anybody who left town
and doesn't want to share the misery and pain
with all of you folks down there, I mean,
yeah.
Well, thanks to our Hurricane Ivan Factor.
I appreciate it very much.
Don't ever, even though I have a much clearer copy
that I just printed before I got yours,
I probably shouldn't say that he'll feel bad.
I'm not the meaning that keeps sending him pleased.
And especially if you get the new 11-A,
I'm tracking map, I'd love to see that.
And Eric, I'm sure as soon as it becomes available,
we'll keep popping that up on there on our website
with the new tracking maps and also a link
to the National Hurricane Center on neo-Rodgers.com.
Because those of you who like sit back
with your thumb up your ass and like oblivious to life,
I wouldn't adopt that attitude right now.
You could do it during Francis, and I kind of,
I didn't do that.
I was a prisoner of Zinda.
I couldn't go anywhere, but I wasn't in a total panic.
And it was, if you've used your common sense,
you need to listen carefully to the rational people,
and there are a couple of them out there.
You didn't have to go into a total panic,
depending of where you live.
Now, the one hostile guy that called yesterday
from up there in northern Palm Beach County,
I wasn't talking about him because obviously we knew
there was a good chance he was going to get his,
he shouldn't have said it that way, but he got his.
But anyway, because the new tracking thing,
I don't want to go into it.
Here's the 11-A, I'm advised, okay?
And see, the really sad part of it is,
and I'm not going to lie to you,
this business is about dragging you in there on Friday,
how many people really in South Florida
with all the stuff that's going on,
and has been going on for several days?
How many people would have been tuned to the,
in fact, how many are tuned to it right now, for example?
You're not tuned, man.
Because, you know, we don't have a newswire,
we don't have a weatherwire,
we don't have any contact with the outside world,
we know nothing.
I got some piano wire.
Yeah.
Oh, man, maybe I'll wire you a telegram just for practice.
So why the hell would anybody listen to us?
Because as bad as I would use coverage was,
and it really blew,
even harder than hurricane Francis,
but what do we got?
We got nothing.
We got some little cast of it,
so I think that,
and who, that must have been a great thing.
You know, what was really boring,
and channel 10 is ponderous,
and theirrukator's thought,
people were dying for information,
real information,
not hysteria,
not watching people hyperventilating,
nearly getting blown away on the beach.
We've seen so much of that the last 10, 15 years,
I don't need to ever see that again.
I'm not, I'm unimpressed.
I don't need to see that it's raining real hard,
and you can barely stand up,
and you're going to get pneumonia.
I don't need to see that you're,
a stuttering jackass.
What did they know?
Huh?
What I do want to see is reporters on the beach
chewing other people out for being on the beach.
Yeah, that's a lot of that.
What are you doing out here?
And of course the response is,
what the hell are you doing out here, jackass?
And 11 a.m.
the government of Jamaica
issued a hurricane warning for Jamaica.
The first thing they said in this advisory was,
A hurricane watch and
properal storm warning remained in effect
for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti,
from the border.
Now, I'm looking at that latest thing there.
I don't think Haiti's going to get it,
but anyway, from the border of Dominican Republic westward,
I'll report it to Minicone,
including Porto Prince.
A hurricane watch remains in effect
for the Cayman Islands.
A hurricane warning will likely be required for the Cayman Islands
later today.
And 11 a.m.
this morning.
The government of the Dominican Republic has issued a hurricane
watch and properal storm warning for the
Barraona Peninsula from Barraona to Pertinales.
A properal storm watch remains in effect for the southwestern coast
of the Dominican Republic,
library of publicity Minicone,
from Palenque westward to Barraona.
I wonder if the big Kahuna was from Barraona.
And 11 a.m.
this morning, the government of Cuba issued a hurricane watch
for central and eastern Cuba
from the province of Montanzas, eastward.
Is that where Elion lives in Montanzas?
I don't know.
Well, let's find out.
Let's get his phone number,
call him up and see how he's handling it.
At 11 a.m. this morning,
the hurricane warning for a Rubobon air and chorus
south and all warnings for Venezuela and Colombia
have been discontinued.
Interest in central and western Caribbean sea
should closely monitor the progress of dangerous hurricane Ivan.
Hurricane Center here, the coordinates again,
in case you missed Lawrence City,
the center is located near 14.5 north,
71.4 west.
The present movement is toward the west northwest at 13 knots,
which is what?
About 50 miles an hour, right?
I don't know.
A little more, a little more than,
I would say 15.
The estimated minimum central pressure,
and this is not good, 920 millibars.
That is mighty low,
which means it's very, very strong,
and it's going to do a big blow.
Let's see, they've got anything else to say now.
We'll get that new hurricane map up there on our website.
If I were you,
why'd at least click the link to the National Hurricane Center
or go to whatever other website you're like?
Can I be a keep in my eye on it?
Why'd you visit out there doing your plywood
and your shutters, hurricane shutters?
It can, like she said before,
it can go hundreds of miles in either direction,
but in this particular case,
this one is so big and dangerous,
and the current tracking,
I wouldn't wait any later than tomorrow,
is my best advice.
I'd be out there getting a lot of canned peaches,
a lot of prunes in a box,
a lot of shaman.
Of course, that's a bad part of it too,
as you're not supposed to flush the water out too much.
You're a twirlet.
So I fill up the bathtub because,
you know, when you fill up the bathtub,
it comes in handy for a lot of things.
You can drink out of it,
you can reuse it for filling up the toilet.
You can take a bath in it,
and then you can drink some of it.
Sure.
All of these things.
All of these things.
You can pour it on your cereal.
Okay, well, we apologize,
because we really don't have a show today.
We're like, you know,
this was our ultimate red dream,
was the idea that he would go on to 11 or close to 11 o'clock,
and then we got the pregame in 1230,
and low and behold,
we're like boxed into a corner with it.
You're listening to new Roger.
It looks important for our on 566-8-UAM.
Let's take a call,
Winnipeg Manitoba. Hello.
Hi, Arnold. How are you?
Terrific. Thank you.
Do you still believe kids and adults
should exercise regularly?
No, me, since it was done,
and we've found out that it is actually baked
for your health,
and now, of course, I'm traveling around the country
telling all the high school kids,
don't take fitness program.
Columbus, Ohio, with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello.
Hi, Arnold.
I was just wondering,
how far you went to school?
Well, a seven-year-old kid in school,
near the entry school.
Oh.
How high can you count?
50 to the 20s.
Oh.
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello.
Arnold, both my parents work,
so I'm home alone a lot.
What should I do when I get bored?
Take drugs.
Seriously?
Oh, yes.
What kind?
Hot.
Okay.
Well, if the work towards is a permanent high,
when you do it in the morning,
I think the secret release is when you're out.
As soon as you roll out of bed,
do it hot,
and you will throw greats of rest with your kids.
Never a moment away.
You don't feel better after them before.
That's right.
You're the best, Arnold.
Thank you very much, Larry.
When you say rural woman, you get out of bed.
It's 11.33.
27.00 in the morning.
Free game shows less than an hour away.
Oh, right.
Why don't we do this like every day?
Yeah.
I mean, if they don't really care whether we have a show left or not,
or anybody can find out when we're on,
and why don't we just do this every day?
I mean, you know, this pain in the ass is doing like two and a half hours some days.
That's pretty heavy duty.
166 votes.
What's your take on the current Q&M lineup?
I want Neil back at 10.44.
What is it?
What is that lineup?
About 30, man.
30.
Greg Reed should be in a straight jacket, 28,
which we knew before this lineup.
I want the Humper back now.
27.
It blows 21 and I love it only 16.
What an ass.
That's like less than 10%.
Say, I love it.
I'd be loving it.
Gary in Western faxes and says,
please read the enclosed from Blue Lemur website.
Could it be that Republican operative who was the frontman and Arles Gubernatorial coup
is actually a girly man?
This is great, he says.
And then here's the story.
This couldn't possibly be another Clonsett Queen.
Could it?
Next thing they'll be saying that Missed Rogers the Clonsett case.
Who would say such a thing?
Me.
Congressman Dreyer, alleged to have lived with another man,
hustler contacts Ross story.
Representative David Dreyer, a 12-term Republican Congressman from California,
is now under the kind of gay activist Michael Rogers.
New God.
Who's site blog active.
Activates the name, but out of the spark, the resignation of Congressman Ed Schrock of Virginia late last month,
he's also the subject of investigation by Hustle Magazine Dreyer.
Rogers says that he knows that Dreyer was living with another man who didn't return his call, by the way.
I was especially interested in talking with Brad Smith about his living arrangements
where the Congressman here in DC Rogers wrote,
Hustle while unable to say much on the records that they've been looking at a Dreyer sexuality
and his positions on gay rights issues for some time.
They've contacted Dreyer's office.
I'm getting choked up about this.
They've contacted Dreyer's office giving him the chance to come forward candidly about his sexuality
and the anti-gay rights positions he's taken throughout his years in Congress.
Not another hypocrite.
Oh no.
Dreyer's office was unavailable for comments, surprisingly.
Dreyer who had a dismal 17% voting rating by the gay rights lobby,
Human Rights Campaign and the last Congress refused to answer a question as to whether he was heterosexual
when questioned during a serious radio interview August 31st,
as opposed to a comical radio interview.
And I think it's time for him to get serious, don't you?
Okay.
I think we have to take a couple of calls because we don't really have a lot of time for too many calls,
but I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are very, very concerned.
And where the hell is that 11 o'clock tracking map, dammit?
Don't know.
They're a little bit on the slow side as far as posting that crap,
and I'm sure that the moment that they put up the new tracking map
so it's supposed to be at 5 a.m. and p.m. and 11 a.m. and p.m. and p.m. and p.m.
I'm sure that the moment that those coming out of Iraq will like change it on our website.
Yes. And then he's getting the hell out of there.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Eric, but don't look too good,
because he had some problems, he had some issues when nothing went up there toward Orlando,
but as I looked at that dam map, wow, that's a tracking map.
I don't want to get your nervous, Eric, but.
Although, like I said, the thing that really worries me is that if this thing is true,
we're on the east side of this one, which is not where you want to be.
The one good thing with Francis is that he's not only where we're on the west side,
but all that dryer kept getting sucked in.
Can I say that? And as a result, the west side was much less powerful and much less dangerous
and much less rain, even though we had quite a bit of it, than on the other side.
So all of that, and of course, there's still plenty of people out there.
Don't have their power back yet.
There's still a reading from the first damn thing.
That's why, you know, if you want to live in a tropical swamp in an outdoor septic tank,
then you're in the right place, folks. That's all I can tell you.
Man, why would anybody, unless they're stuck there and can't get out?
Why would anybody want to live in a tropical swamp with mosquitoes as big as bowling balls
and incredible, inseparable suffocating humidity and hurricanes?
Three of them within a month it looks like, unless we dodged the bullet this time.
So it comes up over the keys and then like, what do you call that?
Overallegator alley.
Now, the southeast, like right down by the tip.
Can I say that?
Right down by the ass end of the peninsula.
And then up just west of Lake Okeechobee and then leaving two o'clock in the morning on Tuesday.
Again, this is way out several days ago.
It looks to me on a map.
I would call that like Melbourne again.
Oh no. Can you believe that?
Oh my gosh.
Boy, 56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't panic. Don't go overboard. Don't go crazy.
But just do the things that you got to do this time.
I wouldn't just sit around and think about it.
Exactly.
Don't panic. Be calm like us.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
Listen, even in through the early hurricanes and everything like that, what does your take?
I mean, with regard to like preparation for this one, the next one.
I mean, if you really think they're going to come in three, you really think we're going to,
I mean, you've been down here 20 something years so you must know about these hurricanes.
This one looks bad.
I mean, is this one you really, I mean, you?
Yeah, so if you were ever, you were ever going to prepare for one and put up your shutters
or plywood or do all the, get all the supplies, the water and stuff, this would be the one I would tell you to do it.
And do it today and tomorrow.
Okay, because I will.
And when do I expect to do it?
Yeah, I take you for your work.
I mean, a man of conscience.
So I take you being serious.
Now, when you're just going to do it today?
A serious man like me, right?
Yes, but you are very sure.
When it comes to crossing the camp, maybe hitting the keys to a clock Monday morning.
Of course, already we've been getting the effects from it at that point.
Or you'd be because I'm not there, thank God.
So back down the hatches, Pally.
Where are you?
I beg your pardon?
Where are you?
You in the driveway.
I mean, I'm in Corissa, a good like to pal.
Where am I?
And like I said, we had enormous rain yesterday.
It's all over now though.
It's blowing on out and it's going to be beautiful next several days here.
Here where I am.
Where am I?
Where am I?
Oh, I don't know.
Away.
I'm away, A.
Maybe that's your give me a clue.
Oh, here's the large thing.
Now, this is the previous one.
The only saving grace that I might tell you is that in 24 hours,
from 5 o'clock yesterday morning to the 5 o'clock map,
the tracking map this morning,
is that yesterday morning they headed going north over Cuba,
but West, remember I talked about this, west of Naples?
And then last night, the 11 o'clock, they showed it going up over Cuba,
but a little more to the east as it came to Florida,
and right into Tampa, which with all the respect
to our coastlands in Tampa better than us.
But now the new one, like I just got through telling this very nervous gentleman,
right through the slicing, right through the center of the penis,
a lot, just kind of like that guy in Washington state,
and his eight-year-old kid slicing right through it,
although hopefully it won't be as bloody as that one.
Now, seriously, this is not one to laugh about or yuck yuck about it.
Miss Kamala, if you want to get some good information,
there's always a weather channel who are reasonably good,
including that hyperventilating guy out there on the beach.
And then, of course, there's Don, no one channel 10,
and there's Roland Stettemann at wonderful, what's your name again?
Robinson?
Treena.
Treena Robinson, I'm saying she's good.
She is a known nonsense weather lady, man,
and she does a fine job, and nobody knows who the hell she is,
and she's not one of the more, I don't know, high profile,
whether people, I guess, in Tampa, she's a good job.
If you want to get hysterical and go crazy and get the gun out and blow your brains up,
and certainly channels 4 and 7 are the places that will induce you to do bad.
19 till Newland, Marlon pregame at 12.30, Marlon's and the Mets.
Don't forget, get some of them free tickets over there to QM Van now.
I'm going to tell wireless, 2104 Northland and Go Road.
Over the years you've heard me talk about Chuck Alff,
the new map is up on this site.
Oh, thank you.
Like I was starting to say before, I was so rudely interrupted by George Wets,
and very important information now.
Over the years you've heard me talk about Charles Alff here many, many times,
many thousands of times.
The third man.
At least, and Charles is the best in the business, because for over 35 years,
he's been providing amazing natural hair-looking systems that are virtually 100%
unt detectable, and right now, Charles is introducing the latest development
and hair restoration, it's an exciting new deal called the New Laser Light
Therapy Treatment.
And this is used for treating fine and thinning hair.
This new treatment is effeasier to find and restores your hair and scalp
back to its healthier state, while increasing hair shaft density and volume.
I guess we could say that Florida is not necessarily your healthier state.
The new laser light therapy and its cool light laser devices
effective on both men and women, and it's a painless non-invasive treatment
that is complete in just about half an hour.
In other words, about 30 minutes.
Charles in the staff of Witness Dramatic Results with this new system
that impedes hair fallout for people with fine and thinning hair.
So stop thinking that it's going to be a miracle that's going to get you here to
stop falling into the sink, to shower on the floor in the yard, wherever, and give
Charlie a call.
There's no obligation, he'll tell you more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment
and how it can solve your thinning hair problem forever because it really can change your life.
Call him toll-free today, it's 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Merlick next week, still very strong category 5 storms.
Or log on to his website at Charlesaufiary.com.
George, this means a meal, Rogers.
Lesson 560.
QAM.
Got some good news, maybe?
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday
at 4.30pm, and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances,
turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles,
alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world, next Tuesday at 4.30pm, mark it down.
The following announcement is paid for by Adidas, Nike, Jacleel and Cavaliers, and Haynes underwear.
Yo, what's up? This is LeBron James, give me little love.
I'm a massive ball fina, I'm an aqua and oh, hi-oh.
Oh my, I have stone tires for your car truck or SUV.
Can I get a little bit of love on a live?
No, tires, my brother.
Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for the rest of the season.
Oh, man!
I know right, and declared me unintelligable or something, because I accepted two old school sports jersey.
Oh, come on!
What?
I don't understand what the hell I don't roam.
Unlike most people, I got lots of birthdays during a calendar year.
Yeah, everything's happening.
You know what people like to give me things, like this here Pepsi Twist.
A twist on a great thing.
Right, right, all right, all right, anyway, drink Pepsi.
I'm just a normal age senior old high school student who just happens to drive a $50,000 dollar.
I'm a married man, married man, that's it.
Where's the diamond ear in the size of a small child's head?
That's right, look at that thing.
Hey, Julius, because every kid's beginning with K.
Bing, bang, bang, bang.
Right, I don't get the whole big thing, chicken wing.
I may still go to college.
All right, I got some of the oven right here.
Check this one.
An unnamed school that's nestled in the blue grass area.
I got the offers of penhows of parmin, of penhows, penhows, penhows.
And a lot of times the description to bring out ragas too.
I see they're offering like a theme package deal.
Here's another institution in the heart of the Chapel Hill area,
which will go on name.
They say they be honored to have me.
They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman, direct from Russia,
which I keep from my old boy, right?
I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking and screaming and whatnot.
I have my boy Tyrede here, puts it in a garage with my box of pougarans
from an unnamed university, Kocy associated with a Wolverine.
Man, it's heaven, man, it's heaven, man, it's heaven, man.
Yeah, man, it's heaven, man.
Garage is spilling over.
Anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys.
No, no, no, we gotta go, we gotta go, we gotta go, we gotta go.
I already missed like three months so far.
Oh snap, I just spilled my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo Boss suit.
Look at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on there.
Oh by the way, come on up party, what's your big Mac?
We're for a limited time, you visit one part to spare me.
McDonald's from my big Mac, you can know for 35 cents.
It's your birthday, it's your birthday, it's your birthday.
Yeah, yeah, peace out.
The preceding has been paid for by Foot Locker and on the University of the Nutmeg State
and Deaf Comedy Jam.
That was no special sauce, it was Barbara Bush.
Anyways, 11.49, and I got good news maybe.
And I bet your Eric is gonna have the new Attracting Map up any second.
Don't you think?
That's what he said.
And that he's...
Because the good news is for him and for us and again we don't know, these things keep changing.
I don't know what to tell you.
I know that I'm not changing any plans until I see a little bit more definitive like you don't wanna say.
What do you say?
I'm saying maybe don't wanna go and get those generators right yet.
Okay, the shutter is, the shutter is yes, because I shudder to think of what happens if we get a real big one,
which I said yesterday before we saw this change.
But the new Attracting Map, at 11 o'clock this morning from the National Hurricane Center shows,
still a hurricane going right over Jamaica, man, with a big blow,
and then going to the Northwest, and then a little bit to the Northwest over the western part of Cuba,
the western third of Cuba, and then heading to North, but...
The start of the heading to North is like to the west, quite a ways of where it was.
I would say, oh, I don't know, maybe 50 miles, maybe...
530, man.
A little more than that.
And so it comes up on sure, I get all know, look what it looks like on the map to me.
I could be wrong, my geography is fairly good.
It looks like maybe Punta Gorda.
Punta Gorda.
Punta.
So drop back 10 yards and punt.
So it looks like if this is true, then we won't have to cancel the dolphin and postpone it, right?
It's an important thing.
I'm not the mood for it, otherwise.
And it shows, let's see, 8 a.m. Monday.
You know, this is quite a change.
8 a.m. Monday, it's still just out of the keys.
It's approaching the Key West as a matter of fact on 8 a.m. Monday quarter of the new tracking map,
which you'll see on the Elijah.com momentarily, any second, if it's not already on here.
And then going north, over like the Port Charlotte, Punta Gorda, whatever north of Fort Myers and Naples.
And then up toward... I guess there would be Ocala.
Maybe Blowen Lakeland off the map and then up toward Ocala, which I hope those horses are safe up there.
Right? Yes, we hope.
So that would be quite a waste of the area, although you would be on the right-hand side,
but we certainly far enough away if it takes this track.
And again, it's a big if.
Or the best, the best, of course, of all worlds would be if it keeps moving back towards the west,
because evidently, there must be... In fact, you probably ought to pop on the... whether you're on a channel right now.
Okay. That'd be a really good idea.
They're in a commercial, or they like what are they doing? We're getting our local forecast.
Other warm warnings on the south side.
Anyway, so it looks at 8am Monday, very close to the center to Key West.
And that's right on the outer edge of the cone.
I think this one is like... Toffee.
Okay. The ice cream on the cone.
In fact, I think Brian and Ms. Kamala are having a hissing that over is going to get to lick it first.
And then it takes that northward turn. And according to this, that would be the center of Hurricane Avalon
would be 8am Tuesday, right smack dab over Lakeland.
Got it?
You ever been in Lakeland?
I must have.
I'm making that as a whole.
Because this map is just...
The North of Cala.
Yeah.
I think that's more like a little bit north of Lakeland, right?
Yes.
Yes. And that's what it looks like to me.
So like I said, Eric, I wouldn't relax too much because all that far from you,
and of course you're being on the east side of this.
He's gone?
Yeah, he said, yeah, I'm going to update the map and then...
Nothing. He's nervous.
Well, he has to go restock. Apparently they still haven't recovered in recent years.
Oh, and I'm sure I know what he's going to restock on.
Food.
Well, he hasn't updated the map.
We still have the 5am map on there, Eric, my map.
Let's see a different map.
You do?
I do.
And what's the time on it?
Wait, I don't see the map.
There's 11.
Yeah, 11AMEDT.
Well, I better refresh my computer over here.
Okay, I better take a long refreshing look at this thing and refresh it
because if I only got to 5 o'clock, I'm way behind,
and I'm in a total panic at this point.
I'm going to have to get it going.
I don't have it.
I got to be honest with you for some reason I don't have it.
Now, why is that?
Well, I'm looking at the 5am.
Now, why is that?
Mr. Computer expert.
I mean, the audience is just screaming at their radio's right up.
We should refresh again.
At this time, wait.
You're with him, Mr.
Refresh again.
Ah!
Have a Pepsi twist.
Yeah.
I love that bit.
It's a great thing.
And I'm sure you do too.
I am.
It killed some good time.
Now, let me take a look.
I got a lot of them from a fish to fry.
Oh, there's still a 5am.
So I'm doing something wrong.
Okay.
I'll get to that.
You're in the break.
Huh?
He's full of the drink all over the board.
Who did?
I did not.
I spilled it all over my pants.
Anyway, can I get back to my stuff here?
Or are you guys going to do it in this Cuban hissy fit thing?
Memo show, Bush, dispended from flying.
Oh, my God.
Newly on Earth, Memo stage.
George W. Bush was dispended from flying
for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War because he
failed to meet guard standards and failed to take his annual flight
physical as required.
He was dispended.
Suspended a sentence, how do you like that?
The suspension came as Bush was trying to arrange a transfer to
non-flying status with a unit in Alabama so we could work on a political
campaign there.
A memo written a year later referred to one military official pushing
the sugar coat Bush's annual evaluation.
That was the exact term sugar coat his evaluation.
This draft dodging piece of turd him.
On this date, I ordered that first the
intended Bush be suspended from flights that is due to faded a
perform to U.S. Air Force Texas ANG standards and faded to meet the annual
physical examination that's international guard.
This ordered says in August 1st 1972, Memo by Lieutenant Colonel Jerry
Killian, who is now dead.
The same memo notes that Bush was trying to transfer to non-flying status
out of state and recommends that the Texas unit fill his flying slot with a
more seasoned pilot from the list of qualified Vietnam pilots that have
rotated.
In other words, they were telling L. President they
perch and rotate.
The Vietnam Air documents add details to the bare bones explanation of Bush's
AIDS over the years that he was suspended simply because he decided to skip
his flight physical ride.
So as each day goes by, you see, finally the Democrats and the carry people
they're finally starting to strike back.
If you want to sling a bunch of crap at us, we're going to throw back some really
heavy duty crap at you and it's going to smell pretty damn bad.
You are listening to me, me, me, me, me, Roger and
it's collusionally unbiased to kill you in.
Mr. King, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the
Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
I'm Zion Othelian.
I joined the Natsit party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy so that it won't be common for me.
So I went to the Natsit party, convention held in the Empire State.
For 9-11, thank the Saudi hit their hands or shea.
And dance on the grave.
I'm reading mine called now.
The Bush doctrine as well.
You see you feeling anyone if you can't thank for yourself.
The boot of the boot of the gym.
The entertainment at the Natsit party was appropriate to the Christian and wife.
There was David, you can clear channel the proofly green wood until the green teeth keys.
I'm watching all righty now.
And hand culture as well.
If you don't believe, Bush is the only one that you should die going to hell.
So even more on Sydney Road.
By the way, I did get the math back before I got your facts, but thank you so much, Senator George.
Let's see, state map before to that's what we want, right?
Do you have a map?
When a map like Grande?
No.
When a map like Pecania?
Well, get it, man.
Get with it.
Let's see, stay wide map of Florida section one.
This is where you can get anything you want on the internet.
I think I just put you on thing.
Because I don't want to be talking about Lakeland because now she's got to look like we're in Gainesville where she's got the big thing.
And that's not good.
But tell me it's hookin' to relit to it.
I made your part.
It's like you're gonna hook around the Gainesville from the coast, right?
That's what she's showing, right?
Yes, get this.
Oh, I'm so sad.
Sorry, it's got a road map.
I don't even know road map.
Huh?
Anyway, 560-70560, 0.560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line might have time for a couple of calls this half hour or not.
What do you mean this half hour?
Well, it's half hour.
1230, it's audio, so we've had it here today.
Objects outside gas stations.
There's people, teams of left preparations for this storm for a very last minute.
In fact, on our tour through the city this morning, we haven't seen the first shoe the plywood board going up to protect windows or anything.
And that really is the general impression that people have really left hurricane preparations pretty late.
Now, talking to the weather experts this morning, they tell us that the storm is currently lying about 430 miles southeast of Kingston just off the southern coast.
And police say that there are plans in place to evacuate up to 300,000 people.
Yeah.
The evacuation plan will only kick in if the expected flooding starts to take place.
And that will certainly be a tool order to carry out that scale of evacuation if the expected 160 mile an hour win to glow in.
Now, in addition, the Prime Minister, DJ Paterson, has been on TV.
He's made a broadcast of a nation saying, could you make us to prepare themselves for what he called imminent danger?
You also advise them to prepare for the worst case scenario.
I know our George is really upset about this.
Someone that really fine weed is going to like you're just going to blown off of the ocean, you know?
We're getting from Mexico lately.
Oh, I see.
Over at that barbershop.
So anyway, that's the latest deal right now.
We got only till 1230.
Don't forget the, we still got Marlon's Metz tickets.
I can't imagine that we would.
Yes, we do.
How is that possible?
Maybe that's because nobody's listening.
I don't know.
It looks like a QN band right now to one o'clock at a Marital wireless at 2104 North Flamingo Road.
That's Flamingo Wind Sheridan Street right next to LA Fitness and Pemberg Pines.
Stop by to pick up free tickets of these Marlon's Metz skin registered win 25 grams from the Hurricanes Kick for Cash Contest.
I see there was only like a few more than 14,000 announced at the Marlon Metz game last night.
Now what would be the reason for that?
Did it rain last night by you?
No.
Well, you see, I think that people have got a lot of fish to fry this weekend.
Maybe they're having a late, labor day fish fry or something.
But they got all kinds of stuff to like put their lives back together after Francis.
And now they're probably scrambling around trying desperately to watch out for Ivan.
But like I said, if it were to continue, which it probably won't, because it just goes, these go all over the place.
But if we'll continue on that 11 o'clock track, Ivan would go up over the western part of Florida.
And if it would go south, yeah, let me just a few miles to the west of where it is projected to go now.
Stop third man.
We'll be out there in a golf.
And of course the right side of it though would be perilously close to a sorry soda and Tampa and St. Pete and Clearwater.
All of these things and then somewhere up over the pan handle again, which they just got through getting the wrenched from Francis just a couple of days ago.
And then probably the same scenario where it goes up over Alabama with the banjo on its knee and Jojo and then goes whipping up into the northeast.
So we all get drenched with rain up all through the northeast like we did here last two days.
All of it's over now right here in TOA.
Ever been in TOA?
No, been TOA.
That's what I've been told.
I guess I better take a break.
I was gonna say take a car. Are you crazy?
Sure, let's take a little rocket.
Next course, let's take a round of things in A.M.
Hey, bro!
Hey, bro!
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We've been in our law.
We saw Sayar around like old nervous.
we had Civilian movies.
we had Civilian movies.
We had Civilian movies.
No, been in our law.
Everybody remain disciplined.
They always have to keep peace forever.
It's not an accident, it's an accident.
It's a horrible accident.
It's not a long, weak, three-piped-sized weave.
It flies, winds fall all around.
Because it really seems to be a cracker.
A cracker.
So I don't want to get too specific or too, you know,
put my thumb right on it, but it looks to me like Lake Boenavista.
It's where that thing is on this map.
I mean, it's one of the chances of it's going to hit Lake Boenavista.
Stop turning, man!
But I just wouldn't be going there this weekend.
Are you going to Lake Boenavista?
I don't think so.
Okay, our pole is looking very, very bad for Greg Reed.
It's looked like he did it again, man.
He just keeps shooting himself in the foot,
and over and over again, he just can't do anything right.
And yet every time he jumps into this gigantic bunch of cow dung,
he comes out of there just looking as pristine
with that silly-ass haircut and that beautiful Berks brother suit
and the smell-and-like lilacs.
I don't know how anybody does it.
He must have a whole bunch of horseshoes.
But third, man!
A present.
Anyway, once you're taken on the Accurricular QAIM lineup
is our pool question, 326 votes.
I want Neil Beckett, 10, is leading with 87, 26.6%.
That's a pretty hefty duty number, wouldn't you think?
Indeed.
I want the Humper back now, 64 now.
I like to get two weeks from Sturkis, but now 64.
What is that lineup, 53?
What is it?
Greg Reed should be in a straight jacket, 48,
and of course we all agree.
Absolutely.
It blows 38, and I love it only 36.
I love it as in last place!
The no QAIM lineup.
That's only 11% out of almost 350 votes.
Speaking of polls, here's a little bit of good news
for those of us who are left of Ganga Skahn.
Whether without any CUB.
Forecast of John Kerry's political demise may have been exaggerated in recent days,
and he still could be cleaned with a narrow lead in the US presidential
race, which is going to be a poll published yesterday.
Are you ready for this or what?
No, that sounds like comedy propaganda.
Well, this is from the British newspaper The Guardian,
so they might have some little bit more objective than some of these right-wing rags.
Lefty linies.
They pull by Zogby International,
reflected the state of play in 20 swing states,
and found that the surge in George Bush's support there after last week's Republican Convention,
was less pronounced than the double digits existed in two weekend polls by Tom and Newsweek.
Both of those polls triggered alarm and finger pointing in the Democratic camp
and a reshuffle in the Kerry team.
But other surveys have since suggested the Bush Convention bounce,
was much smaller than the context, means very close.
In other words, he doesn't have quite so much bounce to the ounce.
The Zogby polls says the president has made up ground in many
of the 20 battlegrounds state,
but Mr. Kerry retains a slim lead in most of them,
and after giving them the majority in the electoral college
if we had the vote right now today, let's do it.
All right, let's have it right now.
Oh, there's Dufus coming off the Air Force One right now as we speak.
Look at him.
He was fine, however, with air.
Oh, good.
The college, the electoral college,
which chooses the president is maybe why we know all about that.
The Pozagri poll right now gives Kerry 273 electoral votes
to 222 from Bush down from the past two months,
but a significant edge all the same.
There's no doubt that Bush got a bounce,
but no way is the Upholder and Pozagri points, Johns-Zogby,
headed Zogby International, said yesterday.
Newsweek showed Mr. Bush 11 points ahead.
Time also gave him a 9-poin lead,
but another survey by Gallup CNN,
USA, that he showed only a 1-poin lead,
and a 7-poin lead among likely voters.
And Yaudiati and a perkage of her.
So this business that they're trying to convince you,
oh, it's all over and no waste your time and stuff like that.
Don't get sucked into that, okay?
Don't believe that for just a second.
That's part of the same propaganda.
And that thing that Cheney pulled the other day,
that had to be of anything I've ever read, seen, heard.
That had to be one of the most grotesque.
Oh, yes, if you elect John Kerry,
we're going to have another terrorist attack,
and you're going to die.
That's if you try to scare you or anything like that.
And I don't want to scare you, but we got to do another break.
In her hours, your meal Rogers mornings and we dig.
And, for some while the clock,
the fight is the thing we see here.
Lord even loves meal Rogers.
Oh, oh, Jesus, oh,
I saw you all, I pop up,
Doster in the seat,
in my cold.
Oh, my friend, think of us,
now let the red paint bar,
oh, God, so great,
let's go around.
Oh, God, so great.
I saw him in my shaving ring,
so I let him hold my face.
When I went to work,
I looked like a jerk,
and I was fired in the street,
always driving home.
I was all alone,
thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But in the rear-view mirror,
I could see Jesus staring back at me.
Here's my soul Jesus,
oh, I was big, oh, I was big.
I saw him all, I pop up,
Doster in the seat,
in my cold.
Oh, my friend,
think of us,
now let the red paint bar,
oh, God, so great,
let's go around.
Here's all the soul Jesus,
oh, I was big, oh, I was all alone.
I saw him all,
beside of the top,
away with a little cap on my top.
I saw him in a bowl of sticky,
in the side,
through a sluckers jar.
Yes, I saw him in this,
most big bowl of love,
everybody,
I saw Jesus,
oh, I was big, oh, I was all alone.
I saw him all,
I pop up,
Doster in the seat,
in my cold.
Oh, my friend,
think of us,
now let the red paint bar,
oh, God, so great,
let's go around.
Here's all the soul Jesus,
oh, God, so great,
there he is again,
oh, my friend,
about 256,
men who tried to shoot seven puppies
we shot himself along with the dogs,
put it upon the revolver's trigger in Pensacola,
funniest story ever.
That's a great story.
Jerry Allen Bradford 37 was charged with felony animal cruelty,
the Escambia County Sheriff's Orphan said yesterday,
he was being treated to hospital for a gunshot wound to his wrist.
Bradford say he decided to shoot the three month old shepherd mixed dogs in the head
because he couldn't find them a home according to the sheriff's office.
Oh, gosh,
on Monday Bradford was holding two puppies,
one of his arms and other is left hand with the dog in his hand,
wiggle then put his paw on the trigger,
the 38 caliber revolver,
and guess what?
He's done that just drives these airfruits, sir.
Oh, I love that dog.
That's vengeance.
Deputies found three of the puppies in a shallow grave outside Bradford's home.
The other four appeared to be in good health,
were taken by Escambia County Animal Control,
which planned to make him available for adoption.
He should have been in a gray area,
if I could say what?
Can I say one?
I don't care.
And not a shallow one either, a deep one.
Anyway, Jesus, speaking of, I saw Jesus,
Jesus wouldn't have owed her a bomma, he says.
That Allen keys, man, what a kidder, you know what I mean?
Man, what a kidder scharzer he is.
Republican, U.S. Senate,
and what a right wing extremist lunatic,
even the mainstream Republicans,
if they're such a thing,
even the right wing Republicans don't want to do with him.
They don't want to get too close.
Republican, U.S. Senate candidate,
Allen keys, who's got a much chance,
chances of China in the hell,
declared to say that Jesus,
if he were able to vote in Illinois this year,
would have posed Democrat Barack Obama
because votes Obama's cast in the state Senate
against anti-abortion legislation.
Christ would not vote for Barack Obama,
because Barack Obama's voted to be having a way
that is inconceivable for Christ to have behaved,
he said.
Un-dealable.
The comments were related in the series
of controversial remarks made by the insane keys
a conservative former talk show,
which the presidential candidate imported from Maryland
by the state's U.P. after primary winner, Jack Ryan,
dropped out of the race in disgrace.
Keys made his remarks in a news conference that he called
the focus attention on a downstate campaign speech
about McGabe recently,
in which, according to a carbon-deal newspaper,
he said he didn't want to just beat the Republican
but give him a spanking.
He wanted to spank him.
I could tell him,
I would have enjoyed that.
The reason I do is because he exemplifies
the kind of scorched-earth-slice and burn-negative campaign
that's become the custom in Washington
is the reason we can't get anything done.
Obama said, according to the Southern Illinois's
in the carbon-deal.
He said, Obama's use of the term is spanking.
Could he vote strong images of black adults being treated
like children in the areas of slave-free engine growth?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That's not a reach, is it?
No.
He declined to say whether he thought that was Obama's
intent but added,
I think it is possible at Barack Obama meant many things.
Many things, yes.
Please.
And, boy, it's amazing.
I squeezed in a lot of this stuff.
We didn't have time for too many of your great phone calls
but too bad.
Los Angeles, Cardinal, Roger, and Mahoney
was ordered.
We asked the day to turn over documents
in the secret personnel files of a Roman Catholic priest
accused of sexually abusing children
after a judge rejected his claim that prosecutors
were interfering with Roman Catholic church operations
in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
Right.
I know that in the Constitution says you should be a lot of
molest children and alter boys.
Sure.
Superior Court Judge Thomas F. Nuss ruled
that disclosing internal documents to criminal investigators
doesn't violate the ability of the Church to pretty exercise religion
nor does it illegally entangle the state and church
business rather than the state has a compelling interest
in prosecuting child molesters,
a rule and, of course, this judges.
Absolutely correct.
You are the same as the legal Rogers.
Exclusively.
On 560, you am.
Me, oh God.
Choming up next, the Queer Eye for that callus,
Tinian Guy.
We make over Yasser Errassad.
He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad
Muthak's name.
If he's to succeed, he needs some help.
No kidding.
I mean, what is up with that do-rag?
I mean, it's so fine, Ministica.
Really?
And that's crackly beard.
I mean, who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever.
But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform Yasser
from a Ringo star lookalike to a...
Well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner.
We need to do something about both classes.
Two.
Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things.
But on the next Queer Eye for that callus, Tinian Guy.
Thursday night, tonight.
Okay, my own free game show.
My own tour of the mess coming up next.
And then we got Sam, no, how are we going?
I don't need me when I'm away.
For the invisible and fat Hank Goldbergs
at 4 o'clock record Maple Leaf.
At full of Greg, all bull.
I don't even mind knowing.
I don't know.
Tou'n.
Unless.
All right back on the Obe Old Men I'm trying to win.
I was begging pain.
What solid.
I will be dying with you.
I can't take these eyes off of you.
Nee!

Thank you!
