That is the day, baby.
D-Day.
Take one.
Peter?
Yeah, we're in that.
Peter?
How you doing?
I'm alright, darling.
How you doing?
I got that manified, huh?
I got that manified.
Why'd you get fired?
You're hypocritical.
Oh, it's still man.
What the fuck?
Why does manicrant call the station?
What is his problem?
Bill's the cause and monocurs.
She lets out the giggle when he makes it we go.
Monocurs is not the kind you can do in the first cigar and hurt.
He don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human.
And in Arkansas, the term cedar, saw her naked.
Stars report can lead to go in blind.
Now, Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the over-rear business.
Working on a practical joke.
He took him back a noodle, put an explode in,
a load in more monocurs with blowing rigs of smoke.
Bill's the cause and monocurs.
She lets out the giggle every time he makes it we go.
Monocurs is not the kind you can do in the first cigar and hurt.
He don't mind.
Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was moaning.
Now, her door was doing her with Bill's old bung.
Bill's the cause and monocurs.
She lets out the giggle every break and time he makes it we go.
Monocurs is not the kind you can do in the first cigar and hurt.
She don't mind.
Well, can be easy in her.
A smile stir is faster.
Oh yeah, I know.
But she got a fool.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, I know.
Man, I'm going to tell you that's one of the great masterpieces in history if I say so my son.
Nice job.
Yeah, I'll give myself a little pat on the back if I weren't so fat and old.
But anyway, 4 at 5.60 WQAM, GIs attacked again in Fallujah today.
That again.
This is on the heels of that grotesque stuff yesterday.
That was so reminiscent of Moghadeisha where they were hanging bodies and dragging the bodies and mutilating and just going crazy.
Insurgents attacked the US military convoy and a Humvee was burned today near Fallujah.
A day after the Grizzly killing and mutilation of 4 American contractors in the city.
It wasn't clear if they were ready casualty in the assault yet and they're showing the pictures of the burning vehicle and the audio.
So there you go, the insanity continues.
I got some exciting news here in a minute.
And then of course we got the ratings at 11.30.
Oi!
TV announcer, this is the bad news, TV announcer Art James dies at 74.
You don't remember Art James?
You don't die?
He was an announcer on a host of four dozen TV game shows over three decades including Concentration and Family Few Challenge.
He died, he was 74.
He's died?
James who lived in Chaska, California.
What?
He died Sunday in Palm Springs, his former wife Sandra Pieten said Wednesday.
Pieten also of Chaska.
Chaska in California in Minnesota because this article says many apples.
Well whatever.
So he was stricken by a sudden illness and the cause of death wasn't known.
He just stricken by sudden illness and...
Die?
Wow.
James worked as an announcer on Concentration which ran per 58 to 73.
He was NBC's longest running game show.
And there you go.
Oh, Art James.
Well, I guess you don't know who that was.
Who?
That's bad.
You know who that idiot is who's still alive from Jeopardy?
Alex for Canadian?
No, the first Jeopardy, that goofball, what that was his name?
Lyndon LaRouche.
The first host on Jeopardy.
Come on, not long before Alex Trebek, Jack Par.
That goofy, that guy that we had a personality of Al Gore anyway, that'll come to me.
Now let's see a couple of things.
Where do we start today?
Who are this is a heavy duty day?
Donate money.
Let's start with donating money to our cause to...
Now let's see, let me go to the homepage now that I rebooted my computer 45 times to get this all straightened out.
Like the...
For Eric today, Eric's going to be an intensive care.
Stop FCC.US.
That's our deal to raise money so that we can help stop FCC.com.
If I'll bring all this and if not, well, too bad.
Well, don't let me forget to talk a little bit about the goddess also because, wow.
We want to talk about needing a little bit of work.
And you people in South Florida stop calling Randy Rhodes on that...
America.
Do her a favor.
Do the world a favor, including John and Lake Worth and all you others.
I listened to a little bit of that yesterday, wanted to cry.
Oh, God.
Anyway, you can click on...
There's the thing and then it works.
Oh, thank God it works.
It works.
I did it.
I put in the first 900 bucks.
I'll put another 900 later.
You can donate from two to $1,000 anything in between on your credit card.
So just go to neorodgers.com and just click on where it says...
Give us your money.
Where it says stop FCC.US.
Stop FCC.com, the first banner that you know what that is.
If you don't know what the you're out of touch.
But it's the one that says what's new right under that stop FCC.us.
And then click it out.
It works like a charm.
Nice going, Eric.
And then it donates him cash.
So we can raise that 30 grand or more.
I mean, that would be a good start.
We'd like to put more than one newspaper red in for stop FCC.com.
And I've got some new stuff on that today, which is going to make you really realize how important that is, I hope.
But anyway, here's yesterday's poll result.
They hated this poll, but that's where it goes.
They can't all be great.
1,635 votes never to less.
If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be?
You have to 313.
Bill Gates, 202.
Tiger Woods, 140.
Brad Pitt, 86.
Tom Brady, 79.
Johnny Depp, 76.
Bill Clinton, 69.
Neil Rogers, 67.
Bill God.
Peter North, 63.
I beat out Peter North.
How do you like that?
Well, Britney Spears, 53.
Alex Rodriguez, 51.
Donald Trump, 47.
Ron Jeremy, 37.
You see, finally, the cream rose to the top.
Peter North passed Ron Jeremy.
Like it was standing still.
Don't say a word, please.
The technicals in 36.
Mark Cuban, 36.
George W. 29.
Tommy Lee, 28.
Michael Douglas, 24.
And then I'm not going to read them all.
It's a point.
Although William Hungard ate.
Vitty.
Oh, no, don't say a word.
No, no.
Just thinking of them.
Now, first, I think I'm going to start with this.
This is, I just discovered this.
It's a great article, TomPain.com.
Sorry to burden you with so much crap all in one day or a
Cosmic Work all through the night, feverishly, to get that
other thing up for us.
So we can collect this money.
But this is, I think we struck the mother load as the saying goes.
In TomPain.com today an article by John Bonaface, who's an
attorney in Boston, an author of the Warrior King, the case
from peaching George W. Bush.
And Bob Furtick is the co-founder of Democrats.com,
independent community of democratic activists.
They wrote this, impeachable offenses.
And there's a website you can go to if you want to sign,
since everybody's signing petitions these days.
Really, some people are.
Those who care enough.
Those who are alert and awakened to discuss about what's going
on in the world and all the lies and the BS.
And also on top of this, I got a great article by Robin
right of the Washington Post.
The top focus before 9-11 was not on terrorism.
And this is about a speech that Condoleezza Rice was going to
give on 9-11 to outline a Bush administration policy that
would, didn't focus on terrorism.
It was on all kinds of other stuff, even on 9-11 itself.
So that lion bitch is going to testify probably next week.
She's got a lot of explainer to do outside of that.
Should I do the break right now because we got these long breaks to them?
Huh?
And then I can get into this.
I don't know if we actually have a beaded curtain person.
And I'm not going to get all bent out of shape if we do or we don't,
because it'll be Barbara Carrera when it happens.
It'll be Barbara Carrera.
You still got other issues there right there.
There she is.
Nice going, Eric Mann. You're a genius.
Look at that.
I did.
Barbara Carrera.
I'm not going to do a bio thing.
I don't have time with him.
It's been a lot of things including a James Bond movie
that everybody knows about there.
There you go.
So Barbara Carrera is there behind the beaded curtain.
If you're already age 85, if you got 17 different pieces of ID,
if you never stole a freight train, if you got 14 letters from all your relatives
and people you met on the street saying that you're not going to do anything
and touch yourself, then take a look at Barbara Carrera.
Otherwise, we'll just give you a picture of Miguel Carrera with his uniform on.
How's that?
You.
What is uniform on?
I said.
Whatever.
Okay. I don't know what he looks like.
What does he look like, Josh?
A guy.
Big Spanish guy.
Big Spanish guy.
Who uses Spanish fly?
Anyway, I don't think he needs Spanish fly.
Anyways, 11 past 10.
I will get to that article about impeachable offenses in that link that website.
All of these things, man.
It's pretty.
All of these things.
Pretty a friend of Confieres.
Anyway, getting back to that thing about Randy, I don't want to like Ripper Reactor just the first day.
I did listen a little bit online.
And somebody's got to convey to that girl at the first of all.
Nobody knows who she is.
That's why nobody's promoting her because nobody knows who she is.
They know Jeanine Giraffe-Low.
They know Al Franken.
So rather than Billy Acabot.
Yeah, how come I'm not in those ads?
They're not talking about me.
Rather than do that.
And that Jappy routine, like you're talking about a bunch of people in Cemetery Village,
you got the national form you've been convention about for quite a lot.
Go girl.
Go girl.
Do your thing.
Okay.
And John from Lake Worth and all you other well-meaning but pathetic people in Palm Beach County.
Stop crawling to goddess on whatever she's on.
I'm your America.
God.
That was so sad.
It was just made me want to cry.
And did anybody mention, and with all the other BS I've heard in a couple of those calls,
did anybody mention stop FCC.com?
Because if they did, I sure as I wasn't any response that I saw.
But anyway.
Whew.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM.
If you're in a dead end job.
If you're underpaid overworked.
If your life is like moving nowhere.
If you just fear moving and you're on a treadmill.
Here's the answer for you.
Make a call that could really change your life big time.
Get you a real career with some training.
And then get you a big paycheck that goes along with knowing something.
Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
They can have you trained and certified for a new high-paying computer network professional career.
And as little time as just four short months.
It's twul.
You can be fully trained and ready for that new career in just four short months.
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
Fast train offers job placement assistance and financially the people that qualify to.
Fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you.
So don't wait.
Get off your ass right now.
Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
And then make that call that can give you a real new high-paying career and change your life for the better.
Call them today and send the Todd Dreck.
The anxious, the unacceptable, the subhuman Todd Dreck.
Toady to call 1-866 fast trains.
I am low.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You way, yeah.
Kick hard Wesley Clark.
How it being screams a lot John.
That was Kennedy.
Owl, sharp, and zuck a scene.
Drunk from filter sun and cow.
Earn hot junior colo, bowel, tin, love and suzerending.
And oh, some of them on it.
Bill Ma, Carrot Top.
Michael Moore and Harry Potter, Nellie and Sadam Hussein.
And there's Pinkie and the brain.
Olsen twins a Brad Pitt Tom.
Hats a Johnny Depp, Keanu, Lisa Will Smith, Madonna,
more the heck of it.
Al Wilkish, Schwarzenegger, Kobe Bryant,
from the Lakers, Malkitson, Ben Affleck.
We just need to side get loose.
Here we go, Ohio.
Pretty soon we'll be known.
Which we believe is choices.
We lose here in Ohio.
Better not be a worse.
For they won't be short bush.
That's 16 and 560.
Muff Lindsay just emailed me this from musicpizz.com.
It says, um, drunk with censorship.
They're drunk.
What censorship?
Which is why do people better get with this?
The NAB, that's a national association of broadcasters.
Which is one of the most gutless organizations in the world.
By the way, much of spineless jellyfish who always
penned over and laid on.
And when the FCC says jump, they say, how high?
Please.
The NABs in Dicency Summit yesterday featuring the usual suspects of politicians,
FCC commissioners, and of course, radio and TV executives,
was held behind closed doors, ostensibly to promote a
frank exchange of ideas without the media posturing.
Yet the comments of several of those who attended the meeting
made one thing very, very clear.
Those who are leading the indicency crackdown are not willing to compromise.
They're drunk with the momentum of the moment and plain and simple they want censorship.
Once outside the meeting, FCC commissioner Michael Copstow reported that the FCC
should start looking into broadcast advertising and TV soap operas.
He expressed a surprise at the goings on of such fear,
plot lines have been used nonstop for at least 30 years.
But third, man!
Representative Bart Stupac, Democrat of Michigan,
wants the pending indicency bills to include a crackdown on cable and satellite TV.
Told ya!
Senator Sam Brownback, a real Nazi, doesn't think ratings
and V-chip technology are enough to curb indicency,
rather than warning people that the river is polluted,
why not take the pollution out, he said.
Music biz ads in that light, maybe book burning can help save fuel consumption in the winter too.
I like that music biz.com. Thanks, Muff.
Muff is real nervous because those ratings are coming out 11-30.
What's to be nervous about? I think there will be...
You know what? I believe I'm oblivious. I've been through that too many times.
We have bigger fish to fry. Whatever they're going to be, they're going to be.
Let's hope for the best. They'll be fine. Okay.
What is the russ around? Right.
Now, impeachable offenses, this is from TomPain.com.
This is so overdue.
Remember I've been screaming all these months,
where's the impeachment proceedings weren't they going on yet?
Yes, you've been a screamer.
President George W. Bush, whose own election was dubious,
has seized monarchy-old powers in sending this nation into war
without any legitimate congressional declaration of war
or equivalent congressional action.
He has lied that he was congressman to the American people about the rationale for the war.
He's imprisoned American citizens without charges and denied the maxis, the lawyers, and the courts.
He has thus trampled on the U.S. Constitution and has violated the Zoth of Office.
The nation is at a crossroads.
These are not simply issues to be debated in presidential election.
These are high crimes, in the most profound meaning of the phrase they require the most serious illegal responses.
Our constitution lays out a specific process for addressing high crimes committed by a present impeachment.
The time has come for Congress to investigate these crimes
and begin impeachment proceedings, our loyalty to our constitution requires nothing less.
Marches like those held on March 20, 2004, which drew hundreds of thousands of protesters, are important, but they're not enough.
Patitions like those initiated by moveon.org and its allies, calling for a censure of the present, are important, but they're not enough.
Voter mobilization campaigns focused on defeating George W. Bush on election day are important, but they're not enough.
Impeachment is essential because George W. Bush should be labeled for who he is, a president who's gone beyond the bounds of the Constitution with the five-year rule of law and who therefore deserves the ultimate constitutional punishment.
Former president Bill Clinton was impeached and charges of perjury and obstruction of justice, but no one died as a result of the monarchy of Lewinsky affair.
President Bush has sent this nation into an illegal war based on lies, resulting in the death of us far of nearly 600 U.S. soldiers and thousands of Iraqi civilians.
This war has no end in sight and officials warn that U.S. troops could be there fighting and dying for ten years or more.
Where is the political accountability? Where is the constitutional consistency? Where are the voices of our nation's leaders calling for the investigation of impeachable offenses?
If we believe in the Constitution and its timeless vision of democracy, we must now stand up and call for impeachment.
History will judge us for how we responded when we faced, were faced with the president who would be king.
Did we rely on the badly flawed election process to set us free or did we demand as the Constitution provides the removal of that president from power?
Did we speak the truth and charge that president with the highest of crimes?
Some will argue that we're too close to an election to make the call for impeachment, but we can't afford to provide immunity for presidential high crimes so long as they're committed or fully revealed close to an election cycle.
We must hold a president accountable for high crimes at any point in his or her term.
Moreover would be foolish to assume that the 2004 election will be a fair one, millions of Americans still believe George W. Bush stole the 2000 election thanks to the Supreme Court's controversial and partisan five-before decision which threw out 175,000 Florida votes that had never been counted.
None of the documented crimes of 2000, including the deliberate disenfranchisement of tens of thousands of voters through a fraudulent purge of felons by Catherine Harris, have been prosecuted that's felons in quotes.
Worse yet, many of the infamous punch card machines have been replaced with even more controversial electronic voting machines that make a recount impossible.
No president in our history has presented a greater threat to our Constitution and our democracy than George W. Bush.
If we fail to place the proper charges of high crimes on this president, we invite him to engage in further lawlessness, further illegal war-making, further lies, and further unnecessary bloodshed, now or even more so in a second term.
If we fail to protect the Constitution today, we invite it shredding tomorrow by an administration with even less regard for the Constitution than the President won.
Is lying to the U.S. Congress and the American people about the reasons for sending a nation into war in impeachable offense? Is violating the war-powers clause of the Constitution by launching a unilateral first-rank invasion of another nation without congressional authorization in impeachable offense?
Congress must debate these questions now. Congress may be in Republican hands, but all of its members sort of uphold the Constitution when taking office.
There are two roads in front of us. One takes us toward tyranny behind the mask of wartime necessity. The other returns us to our basic democratic principles where the Constitution is supreme and where no one, not even the Presidents, above the law.
We call upon Americans of all political persuasions to join the call for impeachment. We ask you to call our right-you-member of Congress to urge him to introduce articles of impeachment.
We also encourage you to sign a petition at www.impeachcentral.com to send a letter to the editor of your local newspaper and to forward this article to all your friends.
Raise your voice now at this critical moment. Let us take the road back to democracy. Let us demand our country back from a walless and unaccountable administration. Let us honor the oath as President Speedtrade to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.
You can click on the link to that website which turns out to be a damn hell of a website in Pete Central.
Pete Central and it has all kinds of information on it. It has the statement that they start with and then of course you have the petition that you can click on and sign.
Contact the media. It is fabulous. Find your representative. We are going to have a link for that if we haven't done it already. We have done it already. I hate to ask because Eric has only 85 different projects. He is right. It is April Fool's Day.
We have to play along with Howard's little late-for-full scan this morning. What was that?
Schedule change. Revolutionary. Yeah. Never been done before in radio. Faked schedule change. I don't know what the lineup he gave. I don't listen. I just heard about it.
Oh geez. The mole I hear about him. Absolutely. The most sick I get. Okay. We got important fish to fry here. Okay. We are worried about the mole Howard David and playing silly little games with his little sports sister fans here in the morning. By the way, Wayne hates you, mole. Wayne hates your guts. Absolutely.
The honor of the team that you broadcast the games for despises you. Absolutely. Mix your major. Absolutely.
Look at this. Look at this. Look at what? What's another website? Okay. Larry says I was just wondering if the American people are as stupid as they seem to be. Or is it just poor reporting by the news media? Both. This morning the New York Post lead story had a photo of the dead civilians killed in Buria.
They also had it on the front page of the New York Times. And there's a two more roadside bombs exploding their bag that I'm seeing right now with the flaming vehicles. These people are animals. But if you listen to Bush, they're just a small part of the population. It's just a very small part of a few crazy people that have this country living in fear. I say let Iraq have the democracy or whatever they want. Just get us to hell out of there. Nice going, Larry. How many more military and civilians are going to have to die over a lie? The blood of all the wounded military and civilians are on Bush's hands. It's bad enough. The FCC is censoring the school.
The folk and ward on radio and TV are people so stupid they forgot about the on-off switch. This is our gets it's easier for them to get off their lazy ass and bitch them. Change the station.
Every day that goes by Canada's looking better and better. A and wait till you're the story today about downloading music. Speaking of Canada versus the US, Larry. Speaking of the diametrically opposed positions based on the court ruling here yesterday in Canada. But I just mentioned that in passing. We'll get to it.
Anyway, we don't have that link up yet. But I'm sure that Eric is working on that feverously right now as I speak before he passes out for like 48 hours. Well, I wouldn't blame him.
He's been up all night. He's been working like frantically to get us that thing. But we really need that badly. Just a link. Well, I hate to do it, but it's important stuff. Don't you think?
It's an important link. I think because this president stink. Okay. W. W. W. dot impeached central dot com. Say fabulous. I shouldn't say that. There goes my image. Say fabulous website. And it's an opportunity for you to do something. And don't forget stop FCC.com, which I noticed that I we squeezed our audience as much as we can. I'm not going to bitch about that. They've done very well.
Texas pulled away from us one third place, but that's not important. It's not a contest. It's a question of getting that million signatures. And so question of being able to raise enough money to get national attention. I can't believe that people are on national radio now. I don't want to mention names again. Aren't promoting that. Maybe they are. Maybe I just haven't heard about it.
You see what I'm saying? What are you saying? Because that's the way to get a million signatures on those petitions. That really gets an especially in light of this arrogant attitude that these FCC people and these other medium moguls of God right now. It's insanity. It's lunacy. And they're not going to be satisfied with radio and over the air TV. They want satellite. They want cable. They want to regulate whatever the hell you can see in here. It's every.
Every working word. Okay. Don't leave out the Internet. Right. So I'll be next. I mean, if you're if you're if you like the prospect of fascism, then hey, just sit back on your ass because it's coming.
27 after 10 at 5 60 WQN. Here's the last mortgage you'll ever need. Folks. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, pure fee and even zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate. It just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are just 334 a month. The link is up. If I beg your pardon. The link is up. The link is up. Thanks Eric. Your device. Baby. Go to sleep.
If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, you pay only 660 a month. Don't forget once you're be financing a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing cost again. So call and find out about it. Call 1 866 395. There's no obligation.
Get yourself that low mortgage rate. You deserve that move to your next property with no further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero, doc fee, zero closing costs even when you move your ass to another property.
Get that new low financing rate. It's just 1.25% probably wondering why I said ask there because we still can. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Get it today and never pay those ugly nasty unnecessary closing costs again. Call 1 866 395.
If you have a loan, that's 1 866 395. There's an equal housing lender financial group restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
Live in local. Here's for 205 60. You and you.
Get ready to ride Saturday March 30. The real American Idol is coming to town.
Find the wrong. Let them take you over by the morning.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Thanks, folks.
Thank you everybody.
60 WDKM and our way from those big ratings that are coming out I'm sure that everybody's just pacing up and down like
You know expect him father in a waiting room, right?
You might as well just like that. Here's today's pool
I there was something that motivated me to take the pool. Well, that's right
It was listening to Randy for about 10 minutes yesterday
I got to be honest with you, okay? Because I've never been a huge fan of this new thing that she's doing now
You know where she's gonna save the world
But I listened to that and I just I wanted to really put my hands in my head and weep I really did it was just
You know and again, you shouldn't judge anybody the first day in a new gig, but it's just it was just
embarrassing to me
It's not like worth anymore sweetheart. It's not cemetery village
But anyway, I don't want to get carried away. So here's the pool America's best radio talk show host non-sports is
And here's our list
Rochland law G Gordon Litty neo-Rajers Oliver North Villa Riley Randy Rhodes Al Franken Tom Likus Alice Rantell
Dr. Laura Michael Savage Howard Stern Phil Henry Sean Hannity did I leave anybody out?
Nope your thoughts
America's best radio talk show host non-sports
See we could do a separate one on the sports thing and we will someday when we feel like it
Rochland Bodge E Gordon Litty neo-Rajers Oliver North Villa Riley Randy Rhodes Al Franken Tom Likus Al Franken's only been one day
So I think that would be kind of silly, but whatever
Alice Rantell Dr. Laura Michael Savage Howard Stern Phil Henry and Sean Hannity Al Franken was on MSNBC last night
on that Debra Norville show that four people watched and
He was his wooden as he made Don I'm his look animated
He's got a great sense of humor in writing. He's a writer
He wrote skits for like Saturday night life stuff like that. He's got a you know a sense of humor as a writer and if he's got a script
His books are funny
As a matter of fact they showed him starting his show yesterday his debut show on America. He was reading it
He had a statement written out
huh
That sounds like Mike Spindell to me back in the right spindle to good evening everybody on Mike Spindell
My name is Mike Spindell welcome to w. I. N. Z. Today. We're gonna be doing trivia again, and oh boy
I mean, you know I think Mike's a good guy, but he wasn't a broadcaster. Well, of course look where we are now
At any rate Lawrence sends us this faxie since first I want to thank you for your outrage and communicating over the air
That's right. I'll pissed off and fired up Lawrence
Even if we got a bunch of blue out there which we do I
Have written numerous emails to Bob Graham Bill Nelson. Elsie Hastings
I've only received a prewritten statement back from Bill Nelson's office that did not answer my complaint
Thank you for reading my letter to Senator Graham over the air yesterday
He sent a pre-written letter to Graham and Nelson for the from the stop FCC.com website and this morning donated $30
Stop FCC.US website keep up the great work. Thanks, Lawrence. Appreciate it. So people already are donating how we're gonna know how much we got if we
Forget that. No, no, not yet, but we will okay, because even a little George is putting in a hundred so we put in the first thousand
And here's Lawrence with his 30 we need to need it. What was it 38 grand? Oh, I still have that what you 30-ish
For the add in USA today so we can promote stop FCC.com and get those million signatures
Somebody's got to stop it somewhere somebody's got to make an effort
Because it's pretty obvious these people are on a power trip man
And they're get their whole game of censorship. That's what it's that that's what's at
And of course when you have the kind of weak need middle-level management that we got a Q.A.M.
Every time somebody
Farts. Oh geez, you know, of course we can't play the sound of that anymore
But they're just taking it to the umph degree, okay?
Maybe that's why you may owe me that thing because it says that they're very serious about this and they're gonna enforce it to
Deleter the law, okay, no matter what anybody says. That's what he thinks
Of course, he's a little bit nervous. Anyway, now listen to this
I mean this is in the Washington Post today for those of you who are on the fence
Well, let's see do we believe say I'm doing exactly what the opposite of why I said yesterday when they started dragging me down that light bulb radio line
I don't want to do that, but I do read these articles because I you know
I think some of more important than there might be five people out there maybe even
Might might light a little bulb over their heads. He liked bulb again. They're good articles. They're not long and ponderous
Well, this one might be well, it's it is long and ponder not real long
But it's important the top focus before 9-11 was not on terrorism right?
It's robin right in today's Washington Post and it's no April full mo
A 9-11
2001 national security advisor Kanda Lee's or rice was scheduled to outline a Bush administration policy
That would address the threats and problems of today and the day after not the world of yesterday
But the focus was largely on missile defense not terrorism from Islamic radicals
The speech provides telling insight into the administration's thinking on a very day that the US suffered the most devastating
Attections the 41 bombing of Pearl Harbor
The address was designed to promote missile defense is the cornerstone of a new national security strategy and contained no mention of al-Qaeda
O sum of in Laden or Islamic extremist groups according to former US officials who've seen the text
The speech was postponed in the chaos of the day part of which rice spent in a bunker
It mentioned terrorism but did so in the context using other Bush administration speeches in early 2001 as one of the dangers from rogue nations such as Iraq
That might use weapons of terror rather than from the cells of extremists not considered the main security threat to the US
The text also implicitly challenged the Clinton administration's policy saying it did not do enough about the real threat long-range missiles
We need to worry about the suitcase bomb the car bomb and the violence sir and released in the subway
According to the excerpt of the speech provided the Washington Post
But why put deadbolt locks on your doors and stuck up on cans of maize and then decide to leave your windows open
The text of rice's 9-11 speech which was never delivered broadly reflects Bush administration foreign policy
pronouncements during the eight months leading to the attacks according to a review of the speeches news conferences and media appearances
Although the administration did address terrorism it devoted far more attention to pushing
Missile defense a controversial idea both at home and abroad the review shows
Al-Qaeda and Islamic terrorism rate the lower on the list of priorities is outlined by officials in their own public statements on policy
The question of whether the administration was properly focused on the terrorist threat before 9-11 is central to a building
Political storm in Washington as a commission investigating the attacks prepared to take public testimony from rice
Last week president Bush's former counterterrorism chief Richard Clark
Accused the administration of failing to take seriously enough the danger from Al-Qaeda a charge the White House
Strenuously disputes. I'm not going to read the whole thing. It's on our website
But that should tell you right there that even on the day itself
9-11 in this speech that she was going to make
There's still worried about star wars and the missile shield and all of this other bull crap
Which is just a holdover from pop a bush and the neocons of the eight years before before they get interrupted by
Bubba for eight years who messed up all their plans just like Tessio said that messes up all my plans
God so there it is right there. It is one of the smoking guns a
Speech that she never delivered
To the exclusive that somehow they weren't trying to fight the other threat against the United States see
How do you like that? There is right there on CNN certainly not news network
By the way, they lost the gigantic portion of their audience in the past year CNN to which I say oh excellent good thick and turn into the BBC the
BBC read some stuff online. Okay, just say no to CNN. Let's hope that they suck. Lose them to Fox
Now they did not Fox didn't go up at just that they went down. Well Foxes still got their their right wing lunatics their ditto heads
You know Foxes the TV what rushes to radio what the rar get a bunch of mindless ditto heads whoever every there's a communist under every rock
And there's also a bunch of oxies too, but don't like rush find them
FCC brass uneasy over artist finds this is more fuel for the fire to get you on at stop FCC dot com thing
I'm telling him and this is this is a very ugly time. It's a it's a scary is what it is see
And the public sits back boop but it be like that like you know like it's not gonna affect your life
How many shows have to disappear off the radio how many how many how much more flat do we have about Janet Jackson and her booby
Over silly little crap and I got news for it. They're just starting. They're just getting going out that that kind of energize them
Just like the energizer bunny. They're just all revved up now. Oh man. Look at this. We got everybody all stirred up. They're all peeing in their pants
Like I said, they're all in their pants
Yeah
He said so many chicks on his trumpum list
Now he's got a bunch of snowskits on the
I love them down oh
I love the
He go many I believe in that with terrible hair
Wonder which one will win and be president
Well it won't be a more Rosa cuz her head's got a dance. Look what happened to my head. It's indented
I love the down oh
That narcissistic billionaire with horrible hair
I love the down oh
Evil maniac billionaire with terrible hair
All my life I've been hit on the head with flasket
Your fire
Your fire
I love the down oh
That narcissistic billionaire with horrible hair
I love the down oh
He go many I believe in that with terrible hair
I love the down oh
Self-centered pompous billionaire
Unbelievable hair
I love the down oh
Air against a billionaires
ridiculous hair
1045 and 560 WM so anyway it looks like it's gonna be a tribute to myself on this pool today. You know what who cares
Why not what uh yeah? I ordinarily I would like to leave myself off
But why not especially after what I heard yesterday afternoon
I mean really made me want to cry norm made me want to cry norm are you idiot you you silly goose you silly fag man
Oh, by the way speaking of that I got a little a trivia question. Okay. Love that
What do Charlie Chris?
Mark Foley
And Greg Lucenas
Haven't common. I don't answer that that's just a for you to think about you know swimwear something to ponder
You know maybe go to the same doctor doctor Ben anyway
Verine
FCC brand. Oh, maybe we better take one or two of these calls
They might be very important to some real revelations, but I doubt it wq a. I'm hello
Yes, sir
Speaking
All right
Spanification today
We're voting to stop the hcc.com
They were probably stop at cc.com
Yeah, on the Spanish station man. You got a kid me man. Which one which one?
Classic
Coffee got a little bit of 92.3 right and 98.3
About
All right, well they're taking a heat to man. They're taking the crap too. Yeah, yeah
Excellent much as grassy as a me go. Hey, Ben. I still came you'll be this how do you like that
That's great. That's incredible. See let me just say this to you and
Well people might take well he wants Randy Roach to go on and promote near roger's behind us
I don't want my name associated with this the as we take out right?
It got nothing to do with me. We've been had discussions about how to keep our name off right who now wants to be involved in this
I'm trying I'm gonna hide under the bed
But the bottom line is this is an important thing that it's it's a it's a vehicle through which people can express their outrage in her anger
And try to make something not happen
Not make something happen but make something not happen and that is just look
Continue the erosion of your ability to say anything or read anything or watch anything keep in mind like we've been warning you months ago
This is just the beginning they want to go to cable
They want to go to satellite TV in the radio and then they want to go to the internet so that eventually they can sense your all
Whatever you can read in here. Are there any ideas that go in your head
Now that's the kind of country you want to live in good luck. Yeah, I'll see you at the border. Okay. I'll wait you and I grow falls
I'll be on this side
Brass on easy over artist fines
The nation's top broadcast industry regulators are increasingly uneasy about a provision of legislation making its way through Congress
That would find individual performers as much as 500,000 dollars for indecent speech aired on TV and radio
There's a million
Republican FCC chairman the anxious Michael Powell with that gigantic ass and the pedals
Senior Democrat commissioner Michael cops who's even worse than Powell
Both said they're worried about exercising the authority congress would grant the agency if the bill to become law
Powell and cops were attending that all day broadcast industry summit the NAB summit to discuss the indecency and decency issue
I understand it Paul said referring to congress's design to make performers pay but I have some reservations with the FCC going after performers
Powell said artists have always enjoyed protection of the first amendment governing free speech and
Sliming them with large fines will be a very touchy area for the FCC cops agreed
You know why they're saying this because they know that would never stand constitutional love test and court no chance
cops agreed I think the primary onus has to be on the stations cops said that should be the first line of defense
They're going to find things through their contract negotiations. So a wardrobe malfunction won't happen
I think that's ideally where the problems should be solved
While Powell and cops express concern about the provision artist representatives said they're hoping to get the provision altered
Before congress votes on the final bill
Currently the FCC can find an individual 11,000 dollars for an indecent acted over tv radio after the performers first warned
The FCC however is never used that authority. Let me say it again. They've never used that authority
Our primary concern is the legislation's provision that would completely change the enforcement regime for individual performers
Said Tom Carpenter national director for news and broadcast that after the American Federation of Television Radio artist union
While the unions considering a court challenge to the provision of becomes law Carpenter said it's too early to say one way or another
There's the political will within after to take affirmative steps to protect our members
He said key supporters continue to push the bill though
That anxious obnoxious senator Sam brownback of Kansas Republican and representative Bart Stupach Democrat
Amishigan say they expected enactment
I think the chance of the bill getting through and signed this year is better than 50-fifty brownback said
But he cautioned that amendments added to the bill would include cable and satellite tv in the legislation
Would make it harder still he did not rule out the chances of them being added
Under the legend where we know that how do you like that
So people that thought I was going a little bit too far get a little bit carried away where I kept reading that same article about
Said satellite and cable. That's what they want. They won't be happy until they get that
That's where they're going with this
And stop and think what what movie could you possibly see
Other than a Walt Disney movie the passion
That doesn't have a whole bunch of you know, that's been made in the last many many years
30 man and more than that in the last 40 years
Well movie could you possibly see doesn't have language that they would find offensive and fit within that definition of everything that's obscene and indecent and coarse language
We'd have to be watching Mary poppins all the all they all Mary all day
And sanity is what we're talking about madness
So if you don't want if you're not willing to take three or four minutes off your lazy ass
And sign a petition at stop FCC.com and shame on you is all I can say it so the easiest thing you could possibly do
I mean the impeachment thing that's a whole separate issue
Okay, because not everybody who agrees with the stop FCC
Uh thing is what wants to impeach George bores. That's a separate issue based on different things
And again the FCC business isn't partisan. It's not democratic Republican. It's not liberal conservative
The house version of the bill passed 391 to 22
22
Members of the House of Representatives had the courage to stay up for the first amendment of the Constitution
391 said oh yes an election year. Let's pander. Okay. Let's show everybody we're goody two shoes people. We're not gonna vote for a spot
God what the hell does it take to wake up and motivate the American public while they're worried about William hung
And you know what they ought to be
I think they ought to be concerned. Let's see. Oh look at this
Mike best talk show host living Steve Kane best talk show host dead Alan Berk or is it the other way around?
Yeah, we didn't put Steve Kane on it. You know what don't don't put him on there
That ego has he probably have all 14 of his old cockers vote in 50 60 times. They did it. Why not they're faculty
How about your partner? They're faculty. They're facts and what all 14 of them
Saying what they're saying Steve Kane? Yeah, no, Brian Craig. No, we have to be under the age of 100 to be on our list
And you have to have like real body parts
No, no seriously if you have all the body parts if you have a stunt a stunt penis and a stunt the
Neon a stunt armpit. Oh no, we can put you on it. Now we're not putting him on. I mean that that's just silly
See those are the those are light bulb people. That's the crowd that we don't want anything to act
I tried getting myself away from this people for a long time
And I thought this guy John Alec worth whose facts this many times and called a couple of times. He's very boring on a phone
I thought he was a pretty good guy there for a while
But
But he's just another one of those light bulb people and he doesn't get it that call he made yesterday
I'm surprised he's still I'm gonna be on the air today after that call
Please it's so reminiscent of those people that when they found out that she was going on that national network
Oh, don't leave us, Randy. It won't be the same. It just won't be the same. You'll be in the New York and don't leave us
Just like me. I mean, you know the fact that I'm doing the show in Toronto 80% of the time 90% whatever it is
Well, it doesn't make a difference. Does anybody even know where the hell I am? No
They don't know if I don't tell them they have no idea where I am. It makes no difference
But they're gonna if she lets them they'll destroy whatever chances got to make a difference to do her thing
Anyway, I'm not you know, that's up to her
Here's one it says it's what do Johnny bench George Brett and Charlie chris have in common nice hair
I love it. That was a beautiful thing
Wow
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 audio TNT and the rise of wireless line
Oh, you'll be pleased to know the presence going to sign the fetus rights bill
J-E-J
Doesn't that surprise you?
Jolly the fetus rights bill America's best radio talk show host non-sports is
See most probably have said we didn't put him on here. He does a sports show
Oh, and listen, he's a good one to talk about the new schedule
The reason that Greg keeps planting all these seeds in the Barry Jackass column about he's still going after the hardsturned Howard
Sturnt show that's just a bust most balls
That's all to let him know that he if he had any way to get him off here and put anything on him where he get rid of him pronto post-a
Before post-time for the first race at Gulfstream
America's best radio talk show neo-Rodgers 84
But he's still twiling away and I don't want to sound like her now, but I mean what everything's a make?
I'm still only on QAM if she was clutching away on J and oh well
It's fine, but she's clutching in New York and clutching in LA where nobody can hear the signal. I got a story on that by the way
Crutching she thought in San Francisco, but they still haven't got a station out there air America
You know how many days how many weeks I think that thing's gonna last?
I'm not third man. Yeah, it's gonna. It's gonna be a bigger bond than Hiroshima
I'm sorry to say that too because we need that badly, but the people behind that who put that thing together unfortunately aren't broadcasters
I
Know that yeah, it should make a difference should it kind of like the people we work for
And it's got a bad name. You're Rajas 92 Howard Stern 11 Randy Rhodes 9 for the goddess
Rush Limbaugh 5
Phil Henry 5 only 5
Are you sure uh Sean Hannity 4 Bill O'Reilly 3 Al Franken 3 he did the show one day and Al Franken's already the best talk show
In America Michael Savage 2 Dr. Laura 1 Alice Rantel 1 0 for Tom like his Olly North and G Gordon Lydia of 136 votes
And no, we're not putting Steve Kane on there because you know he's an idiot
Plus I said talk show host
Not just a huckster in the peddler
But doctors this and the doctors that they're gonna be placed your eyes and replace your uh
And knees and replace your penis and replace your uh your
Whatever you guys will replace it with something artificial that whole thing man. That's a sad show
You know it's like it's like a vaudeville act
No, it's Steve and Brian Craig and Nick Lawrence and there they go
Shlipin around together with uh you know whoever's on their arm at the moment in the 75 little kids
What it what it it's like a side show like a free show
That night that they showed up at the track and they're always like on each other's arm
You know would be like if everywhere I go to the track. I'm with George. I'm with George and Josh Kordes is with me
And the whole little entourage like like that's my life. I don't I don't understand that
I don't get it
But what about who you know who hell am I right
Right do I sound a little bit more comfortable? I've had kind of a friend a couple of days here no equal fooling
Bit of a busy morning. Yeah
To say the least nice going Eric. We appreciate you. Okay, even if nobody else does
Some days we really appreciate you others. Well, no seriously. He's uh he's done it for us
I keep I keep offering if he needs cash Eric if you need some help with some of this stuff
I'm more than happy. I got the big bucks and he never responds to that
And
The other good piece of news is that the beesleys and Greg read finally caved in yeah
Bokeh Brian gets that extra 50 bucks a week now
How do you like that? How are we gonna find out the total? I'm just saying. I realize I'm pushing again. He's not working on it
Pushy
Well, I am pushing that because I figure if I get him to do all this stuff then he can just collapse and you know go into a car
You'll think up some more. Yeah, you're right
By the way, here's a here's 10 more links here
Whoa
10 50 8 at 5 60 let's face it. We got Barbara Carrera on there. Nick it is a jabour
That's what they all want to see. They don't care about this other important stuff
It's important to me. It's important to you. Maybe but that's not important to them
They want to see some naked pictures man
That's why we're getting those 80 billion hits today on a website not because they care about saving free speech or because they want to impeach or uh want to y'all
See Reggie Leach
Spring of the savings right now. Wasn't that the what was that?
Carrie Grant. Wasn't that his real name? Archibald Leach or something like that something like that original Leach
I think it was Archibald and by the way, what did Carrie Grant and Earl Flynn and Charlie Christ have in common?
I'll think about it for a few hours and then you'll let me know
movies
Spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
They're on us one 20 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong's is worth a drive no matter where you might be
How live and because they're going to save you a whole lot thousands and thousands on great new toyotas
Check out these great least deals. You can't beat him
An 0-4 camera you're a four runner for just 269 a month for 48 months
How about an 0-4 high-limiter just 309 a month? You mean a truck?
How about an 0-4 Toyota tundra the safest truck in america pay just
179 bucks a month for 48 months unbelievable
These are just some of the great savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
And with those anxious toll increases on the Florida turnpike for people using cash
Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck there
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun
To put you in a great new Toyota today. They'll cut you deal
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference locally owned and operated
The committed to 100% customer satisfaction and don't forget their service department is even open late till late
Week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on it's easy to get there
They're at US one and two ninety third in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
So say goodbye to those mega dealers and car giants who always let you down
They always over promise and under deliver do the smart thing for once call David Rich
He's the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead column of 305 2 4 2 3 2 4
27 305 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 3 2 4
Hello this is sports radio by 16
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
She's the one who just arrived out of the house of public
She's the one who just arrived
She's all again
I'm just in with me
Chandler's brother made her cup of tea
I'm missing that one for the three
She's got no one for this thing's on my mind like the shadow of a new
The camp has not now
She's the one who just arrived
oh
you
um
The end of the mission is so ain't a good one
If you don't want to be under oath
Jesus, there may be a sparkly
I've got a vigil at all
For the end of the act young vigil
That's why she is so far
A chance to fight on the old
Like you ought to be
She is so far
A chance to fight on the side of the people
This is the daughter of life that she is
She is so far
A chance to fight on the old
And to see the oil of the money
She is so far
A chance to fight on the truth
All set of free
Love at 04560, nobody can hear it
We're in the final 26 minutes before
Those ratings start
Puking across that max machine
Yeah
I thought I was going to be all concerned about that today
But we have bigger fish to fry as the saying goes
Back in the day, when those things really counted
Anyway, Michael Powell speaking to him
I don't want to overdo this thing, but I will anyway
The FCC chairman said yesterday at that NAB
Some of our responsible programming
While the heated rhetoric of media ownership
To make created a very hostile environment for the media industry
The issue also re-energized the debate about broadcast and decency
Powell said, however, that he believes competition is fueling today's content issues
Oh, my, this is, I mean, you talk about lying with a straight face
I am in the view that competitive pressure
Much more than consolidations
What accounts for more programming that test the limits of indecency and violence
He said competitive pressure
Because there's three companies that own just about every damn station in the whole country
So must be that great competition is what he said
That's too too many
As audience continues to fragment and the number of choices multiplies
It's harder and harder to grab and hold a viewer or listener
He noted that while the public outcry about indecency is guiding his interest in the issue
Complaints are often focused on what people can expect to hear or see at certain times a day
The debate is not best understood as one about what you can do or cannot do on radio or television
It's more about whether consumers can rely on reasonable expectations
About the range of what they'll see on a given program at a given time
Right
Just like when people get up in the morning and they think that they're going to turn on a radio and hear the Howard Stern show
Which they've been doing for 20 years in the morning, they should be able to expect that
If they hear the near-roger show the way that it always was for the last 20 or 30 years
They should be able to expect that, that's what the way I see it
Not based on a way of a bunch of self-appointed censors have decided to make it up as they go along
Oh, you sure can't say that because it's 11 o'clock in the morning
You can't say, and you certainly can't, right, and those fart sounds forget about those
Well, I just came up with a rationale where we'll not put Steve Kane on that poll
All right, you must be on a radio station that has got at least 10 watts
Then at least five people know the call letters of
If you don't meet up with either one of those criteria, you don't have to meet both
But if you don't live up to either one of those criteria then you're not going to put you on that poll
You just don't qualify
Oh man, the light bulb people
Let's bring back the light bulb, let's get Norma Kent and Joyce Kaufman
And all of these other people, let's get Rick Spiderman and all that to go in again
What do you say? No, not just a joke
Back in the day
Where the median age was death plus ten
Thank the Lord, you know, as I look back over this long-checkered rocky road, you know
All the way to love rocky road
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm
Even Hagenauts makes pretty good rocky road, which I hate Hagenauts
But anyway, as I look back over this, thank the Lord for one thing that I had the wisdom
Once upon a time, maybe just a blind luck
You know what it is? In other words, like you know when you're doing a show one day and you say to yourself
This is going over like a pregnant pool of water in July, just ain't flying, you know?
And then you say, okay, let's do something else
And all of a sudden the phone's light up and you bail yourself out, hopefully
You know what I'm talking about? Sure
And that business of all the guests and the topics and the same old, the right against the left
And the conservatives against the liberals and the, oh man, and all the old cockers come
And on the, oh keep it light, Neil, keep it light from the very first day that horrible way back in 76
Thanks by the way to my buddy Sid Levin
There's a great guy, Sid Levin, you know I've worked for a lot of people all these years
In Miami some good guys, some real...
bulls
Sid Levin was one of the best, he's a great guy
A little bit of a conflict of interest there with that spot on the Metro Commission
But nevertheless, he was a good guy
I'm trying to think, and Gary Lawrence, a WInezino, was a great guy, Gary was like a real guy
You know what I mean?
The real person, a real human being, somebody that cared about his people
What's that?
And then of course, they're out of the, and of course they're casper-like, they're casper who may have been, I mean, how can you beat him?
A radio person, a person that would take it lunch and sit down and talk about radio and brainstorm and exchange ideas
And let's drop the all-news thing, it's not going, what do you think? Let's put all talk on it here
I said, he said, you really think so, I said, yeah
I said, how about putting the Alice Rantel on there in the day time? He said, what, how is that possible?
He's just a news flunky, put Alice on here
And he said, hey, I'll be just like Neil, of course he didn't realize exactly what he's talking about
Yeah, not quite that much like Neil, but anyway
Gay, I'll see, there he goes again
I didn't say that, with your nose gay, keep your nose out of it
No problem
So there's Dick Casper, Gary Lawrence, Sid Levin, there's some people I worked for that were like actually radio people
I mean, Sid was not really a radio guy, he was just a, I don't know, sitting in office in a radio station
They had a big piano and a bird bath out in the back
And big gigantic drapes and a picture of Frank Katzenthal on the wall
That's the first time I ever saw one of those pictures where the eyes moved
No, seriously, he had been dead for many many years, that's what WKAT, the callers were named after him
But there's this gigantic picture of him on the wall, the studio was this big, it looked like an old living room in a mansion somewhere
You know one of those old mansions?
There was a piano over in the corner in these gigantic old smelly drapes on the window
And there was Frank Katzenthal's picture off to your right upon the wall
And every time he looked at me, his eyes were following you
I'm telling you, just like the John Ascroft eyes that follow you
When you go to click on the beaded curtain on our website now, if you're not over the age of 100
And you want to look at the nudie pictures?
Somebody QA, hello?
Hey, is it George?
Speaking
Hi, a couple of things, art Fleming was the original host of the book
Thank you, art Fleming, thank you so much
For some reason I had a brain block
Okay, the nude, the nude celebrities are a nice break from all the bullshit in the world
Okay, that was good, that was great
Yeah, that's a nice break from a real cool
That was a nice break off your call, so I don't think any of that call got on well, it's okay
I think it's a very boring voice anyway, you didn't want to hear him
America's best radio talk show host, non-sports, of course we're talking about
Non-sports, by the way, Ottawa beat those Panthers last night that really frosted my fat ass
Just went to look like they made that big comeback, they swooped into lead four to three there
And the second period I thought, alright, Ottawa's going to lose, they're going to get their ass beat
And they fold it again there at the end, the Panthers very sad, very very sad
How many people look like we're there?
Third man!
How many people do you see there, George?
Wait, I'm sorry, Neil Rogers 183, boy a little kiss on my behind and I can handle it, okay?
We'll probably do real well on this, but when the ratings come out then, another story
I keep instinctively reaching for one of those buttons, but they're not there anymore, you know?
One of those, very pretty sad
Howard Stern 24, Randy Rhodes 16, I sure am, I'm not going to judge the goddess
Based on the ten minutes I heard yesterday, I just hope it was like, you know, in off ten minutes
I want to cry
Phil Henry 12, Phil's doing with the 12th
Okay, but would've done a lot better if he hadn't turned into a right wing lunatic
And with total sellout
Rush Limbaugh 8, he's the best
Al Franken 5, based on one day, which I don't think anybody in this audience heard it, but that's okay
Bill O'Reilly 5, Sean Hannity 4, Michael Savage 3, Dr. Laura 2, Dr. Laura Slushen yourself hating a right wing Jew
Alice Rantel 1, Tom Lycus 1, Olly Northon, have any, and Gordon Litty
My close personal friend, but at mustache, it's still eating rats, he don't have any either other 277
I don't know why I'm taking that poll, like I said, I just sat here with my head in my hands just to the tears
Running down my cheeks, sounds good, anybody? Did he leap?
No, I don't leap because on the 10th and 25th of the month I have good reason not to leap, you know what I'm saying?
No, I know what you're saying
We'll just take Larry Lujack said, we'll just take the money, thank you
The embarrassment factor of being on QA, I'm working with a bunch of nervous Nellies
Hey, you know, that's kind of embarrassing, but we'll take the paycheck, thank you
We're gonna make bucks, George is making it
Oh, I'm in the local, this is 560, you're the only one who's on QA
And...
Oh, I'm a stream, Jesus is back in the home, oh yeah
Jesus is in the game movie, Jesus is doing alright
No one cares, it's breaking, or no one cares, it's the stuff
No one cares, God is the star, Jesus is doing alright
Oh yeah, Jesus is doing alright
Jesus is doing alright on screen, Jesus made you a sequel, yeah
Jesus makes me a long TV, Jesus is doing alright
No one cares what the critics say, no one cares what the critics do
Jesus has had a big play today, Jesus is doing alright for ya
Jesus Christ, it's 1160 to 560 WQA and...
Dr. Dunn, I have blue lips stuck to Dunn, can you tell me what to do?
Anyway, let's go back and do WNWS radio all over again, what do you say?
Alright, let's go back and talk to the old folks again
Cuba again rejects US officials bio weapons charge, Cuba yesterday rejected a renewed accusation by a senior US official
That's developing biological weapons and said the charges were an attempt to seek a pretext to invade the communist run island
Wouldn't that be great, right before the election will invade Cuba?
It was Cuban!
Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque called the news conference
What was that name again?
Felipe Perez Roque called the news conference the night latest charged by John Bolton under Secretary of State for arms control and international security in the Bush Quinta who made a similar accusation in 2002
Bolton told Congress in written testimony Tuesday that Cuba remains a terrorist and biological weapons threat to the US
I believe the case for the existence of a developmental Cuba biological weapons effort is strong Bolton said
Cuba has got one of the most advanced biotech industries in Latin America but in Sist research is solely dedicated to medicinal uses
It has research accords with number of countries including Iran
Mr. Bolton either suffers from schizophrenia, a permanent obsession with Cuba or doesn't have an ounce of shame the Cuban Foreign Minister said
US public opinion knows that our country has rejected the accusations that we produce violent weapons or conduct research on biological arms
and all of this is false and it goes on
You know that's a tough one who do you believe George Bush or Fidel Castro?
That is difficult.
We difficult.
Who do you say?
We depiece him.
Let's start counting lies I guess.
Yeah.
Well Fidel's had a hell of a lot more time to many many years.
But thirdly!
But I think this one's a little bit thicker.
You think?
Here's the fact that says,
Neil speaking of bad Tom Choe host the once great Phil Henry was on C-Span last week.
Are you sure?
I'm sure with Gary Chudot Stephen Colbert of the Daily Show and several others.
Phil wouldn't shut up started pontificating about everything but actually said that he wasn't conservative
which caused Stephen Colbert to mock him so badly that Phil looked just plain stupid.
Are you sure?
It was wonderful.
The video of the show was still on C-Span with said under American perspectives politics and humor.
By the way Colbert was the only one of the groups that was even remotely funny.
Wow how sad how the mighty have fallen sold out sold their soar sold out the devil.
Solder sold the doctor death the death man just like cheerity did on passions.
You saw that didn't you?
Of course.
Now this is disturbing to me because if anybody we know in a business ought to be promoting stop FCC.com and is.
It's somebody we used to work for with.
And he is.
Tom Faxson says I took a picket for Ralph's website.
He's also promoting stop FCC.com.
I need to know where I can send my $40 money order for the ad campaign.
Unfortunately I got laid off thanks to Bush and this trickled down the buddy his buddy's pockets economy had it closed all my credit card accounts.
We're not set up to do that yet right?
No it's a take cash we don't we're not set up to do that.
No we're not at all but I just checked on the stop FCC.com petition thing and there's only a thousand and seventy two signatures from Georgia.
You see it's one thing just like Stern has put it on his website.
Well there's 80 million other things on his website plus a lot of these guys like Howard's got 85 thousand different websites.
So just having a link to it on there that doesn't do it.
Getting on the year and banging away at it like we did on the show for a couple of weeks and then after even embarrassing people in the signing it.
That's what motivates people.
That's what gets them off their ass.
Making them make in the point a thousand and seventy two from Georgia.
That's pathetic.
He's on the internet land on an FM on a hundred thousand one FM.
And like I said if there's anybody anybody we know that ought to be promoting stop FCC.com.
I'll take your children to sell them to some Haitians.
He's the one he's one of he's right near the top of the list anyway.
Of course we don't want to get into that.
Do we?
In what?
House panel approves copyright bill.
Now here's here's the I want to lay it out for you.
You got the pot laws you got game marriages you've got you know the question of being progressive or the question of taking gigantic steps back into the stone age.
Punishing the people putting everybody in jail.
The violence factor all of these things.
I'm not trying to make a PR campaign for Canada.
Just stay where you are please.
House panel approves copyright bill.
A House of Representatives panel has approved a sweeping new copyright bill that would boost.
Penalties for peer-to-peer piracy and increased federal police powers against Internet copyright infringement.
The House judiciary intellectual property subcommittee voted for the piracy deterrence and education act like yesterday.
Overroading objections from a minority of members that it would unreasonably expand the FBI's powers to demand private information from Internet service providers.
The PDEA the result of intense lobbying from large copyright holders over the past six months has emerged as kind of a grab bag that combines other proposals introduced in the past but not a party.
You'll love this.
One section that first surfaced last year punishes an Internet user who makes available $1,000 in copyrighted materials with prison terms of up to three years and finds up to a quarter million dollars.
If the PDEA becomes law prosecutors would not have to prove that $1,000 in copyrighted materials were downloaded they would need only to show that those files have been publicly accessible and a shared folder.
Do you hear that?
One part of the PDEA that did not appear in earlier bills would require the FBI to facilitate the sharing of information among Internet providers, copyright holders and police.
Goddy-oddy-oddy-oddy, this is unbelievable.
Anyway, on the other hand, here it is right on the front page of my national post this morning.
Sharing copyrighted works on peer-to-peer networks is legal in Canada.
The Federal Judge here ruled yesterday handing the record industry a sharp setback in its international fight against file swappers.
Canadian record labels had asked the Court for Authorization to identify 29 alleged file swappers in this country and preparation for suing them for copyright infringement much as the record industry associate America had sued more than 1500 people in America.
But the Judge denied that request.
In a far-ranging decision, the Court further found that both downloading music and putting it on a shared folder available to other people online appeared to be legal in Canada.
A?
This has certainly stalled the record industry's current round of litigation and thrown into doubt whether there's infringement at all said Michael Geiss, the University of Ottawa Law Professor, who closely follows Canadian copyright issues.
The Canadian recording industry association which brought the case said it did not agree with the Judge's ruling and the Judge said, pfft, you okay, raspberry.
So I do like that there's a little bit, you know, on the one side there's the one thing there's the American let's put everybody in jail, find them $80 billion, take away their little dog and their cat and whatever else they got, even the sandbox.
Pretty scary in it.
Chilling.
It's chilling.
Be sure and tell all your chilling that we live in chilling times, okay?
Pretty darn scary.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
America's best radio talk show host NONF4 is Neil Rogers 229.
Well, I sure hope I see a big bonus in my paycheck for that.
Howard Stern 34 Randy Rhodes 22.
Howard!
They like the Yanta.
See if anybody else was doing really well, but after hearing that, I just wish I wouldn't have listened.
You know, I feel much better about my relationship with the Goddess.
Howard!
When you?
When you didn't hear it.
No, I didn't.
Consider yourself very fortunate.
Don't judge on that first day, okay?
Let her have a few weeks and then hope she's still on.
I wish for all the best.
You don't even like her.
No, that's not true.
I just like the show she did before, but that's just me.
Yeah.
You know, blowing, well, I can't even talk about what she used to do now.
Blowing bubbles.
Listen, this whole Medicare is going right now.
The Democrat should be bringing that out.
Okay, great.
We'll call the light bulb.
Okay, they'll talk to you about it.
WQM, hello.
I knew what you doing, buddy.
Pretty good, Pally.
Good, huh?
Can you know what ever happened to Rick?
It can be different from anybody else.
Finally, after all these years, we finally found some common ground with Old Baldy.
27, past 11 at 560 WQM.
Wait till those numbers come on, man.
It's going to be really something.
We're supporting the O'Fight CC.
UAM.
Don't say the F word.
Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to the Mariette Marquis.
This is a big day for the Walt Disney and Muppet family.
Let me introduce you to the members of the day.
It's over there on the far right.
It's the CEO of the Walt Disney Corporation, Mika Nelt M. Mowell.
I'm just going to Mika Nelt.
Sorry.
Hit his assistant, Wiemis.
I just like to make a brief...
representing the Muppet Corporation, Kermit DeFraud.
Good morning.
And his agent, Scott Boris.
Hello.
Sitting next to Scott Boris is the telemonster.
And now the man who will be speaking on behalf of the Muppets, please welcome Super Grover.
I have a brief statement to Rick.
And then I will open the floor to questions.
On behalf of the Hansen family, and I'd be lovingly there, Jim Hansen.
Thank you, Rick.
The Muppets have one thing to say.
Only...
We never thought that in the years we would be sold.
This is crap.
Thank you.
I'll not take your questions.
Super Grover, what about the layoffs of the Muppets?
I...
Are we having a short...
by Mr. Mouse, that the layoffs will be minimal.
I'm not sure Mr. Muppet is wrong.
Bullf**k!
I'll tell you what.
I'm not committed to anything.
I'll take a look at the pollack for repackage.
And cut him up like a puppy running.
I don't know what...
Because the drill is over, you have to cut him up.
Will Muppet characters be joining the Disney characters at the feed parks?
Uh...
Get over about him!
Hey, good morning.
We, uh...
We basically don't know what the hell is going on.
We sail kind of through by surprise.
Ride or play?
So I guess we'll be all that has happened.
Get the boys!
The boys!
The boys!
The boys!
Can you tell us your role in the negotiations?
I basically put the whole thing together.
Uh...
My spare time, uh...
I've been working with the A-ride thing.
Uh...
But this has been my, uh...
Baby, my puppy.
Uh...
I think it's a nice meeting with him.
Mr. Mouse!
Mr. Mouse!
How about the relationship between you and Mr. Frog?
I understand there's some tension between the two of you.
I'll tell you what!
What?
Let's get this off me open.
Cause the worst thing for the media would be if we both just got along.
I know, we haven't kept in touch since we've been so far apart.
But we came on together and we often talked about one day working together.
You got to get a little bit of a ball.
You can get a yaps shot at the set.
There was a pretty small wood piggy back in the day.
On a twelve bourbon under the bridge.
Alright, that's it.
That's it!
You can get that.
I'm going to take a bourbon ball!
You can get that.
You can get that.
You can get it.
We have a 32-28-2 known.
Those numbers are going to start puking in any minute, right?
Any minute.
Any minute.
Now, we ought to put Pharrell on here because he's not doing a sports talk show anymore.
He's just doing a general discussion right in Atlanta.
We ought to.
So let's put Scott Pharrell on there and spell it right, Josh.
Whatever you do.
Okay, F-E-R-R-R-A-L-A-L-L-L.
I got it, I got it.
You do, really?
He's got it.
How do you got it?
Hold over the place.
Diane Reams somebody says,
shaky voice Diane Reams on NPR.
I never heard of her.
Did you?
No.
She says, shaky voice Diane Reams.
Maybe she's related to Dancing McCallum.
Yeah, why don't we put Dancing McCallum on her just a joke, Josh?
She has to clarify because otherwise I look up next minute all of the sudden,
these are her names around that.
What happens every time?
Now, what's going to be really interesting to me when did Stern get yanked off the air by Clear Channel?
I don't know.
Would you say around the first of March?
Because the ratings that come out today are December, January and February,
but it extends into like I think through the first week in March.
I'm not really positive.
See what I'm saying?
So you might not see much of a reflection that yet.
That might happen when the whole book comes out on April 29.
I believe it is or 28 something like that.
But it's going to be really interesting to see if people start abandoning those Clear Channel stations in South Florida.
We've got all the logos for them right there on our lovely website, neo-riders.com.
Big 106, Y100, WIOD, Love 94, Men in Black, WMIB, WRFX, your marginal sports station with this 0.00 share, Zeta and the WC.
The WCTH, which I'm a thundercountry.
What the hell is that? Is that another country station?
Thunder country, WCTH FM, 100.3. Never heard of it.
So there are the eight that cheap channel loans, so that you'd think that the Stern people especially
would be really pissed off and fired up. But we'll see, you know.
I see the facts machine, sir. I thought maybe it was numbers.
No, no, no, no.
On his overnight show last night, Joey Reynolds made a point to mention Randy Rhodes on the new Air America radio network.
How do you like that?
Joey, I am that hemorrhoid.
He said that back in the WIOD days, he attended dolphins game with his kids and watched from the WID press box along with Randy and several other people.
He said he hardly knew her at the time, but founders sitting with his children telling him what a horrible guy he was.
Says Mervyn Jupiter.
He's clearly no love loss for the.
I don't dislike Randy, but I just, and I have tremendous admiration for her guts, man.
She's got a big pair, especially when she told off Bob Green.
My good friend Bob Green, you know, that was going to take her a tour.
But anyway, I just, I just find out what she's doing now.
So it's so light bulb is you know, and this, these same people don't, new people in Florida do not call Randy.
She's on in New York and LA let the let some new people call and develop like a not a cemetery village kind of a show otherwise you're going to kill her man.
Those light bulb people, look at this. Now what is this new a pull LA times carry 47% bush 44, Nader 4% Nader 4% wow.
If word for Nader carried be a safely ahead.
You see that that's the brand new LA times pulled just out today nation wide.
Got it got it.
It's only the first of April, man. It's it means very little to be honest with you want these 12 plus numbers for.
What Joey said I have my nose up meals. I ask get it out of there. Joey. Okay. It's killing me.
What is it? Yeah, whatever you got just send it along. You know, you know, how we usually do this. I don't care.
I got plenty of paper in there. I got it all stacked up loaded ready for bear.
I sure I sure would like to have some idea now how how we're doing all the air says you can't tell me till Monday.
How our stop FCC dot us is coming as far as donations. He won't be able to tell me the Monday, which is fine.
I don't want to put any added pressure on him, but I just like to have you know see how much action we're getting on there catch my drift.
I'm talking about real action. Not some of the bogus clowns out there. We're on to them. You know.
5 6 7 0 5 60 the numbers are going to be coming out momentarily boys and girls the trend.
This is ordinarily trends don't mean that much, but this trend.
You drop it off that bad moment.
And they never know. It could be pretty good. It could be pretty week.
Oh, but first here's a fact from John in Miami while I found something looking found what is this a things I found while looking for something else.
Man, you can't tell your gods without a program. This is a riot pick a god any god, but no, Neil God yet.
Okay. Well, I got the bad one. He's got a thing. The God checker.
Oh, this is oh yeah. Now what does this mean that miserable piece of oh yeah, we forgot about Todd Smith.
Thank you very much. He's a talk guy. I was thinking about him yesterday. I was going to add it on the list.
I was too lazy to come wall sing in here and write it down. See I forgot. Todd Smith SCH and ITT rhymes with spit and what a half width.
Where's it knit with? Here are some pages coming over here. 12 plus WC MQ FM still going up number one. Oh boy, we're we're in for a deep due to now, man.
No speaking English. Zooming through their power 96. This is 12 plus for the entire week. Power 5.0 to a 5.3. Radio on more life. Hot. Is there any WMIB which actually went up? See a ghost of joy. Oh, this doesn't reflect too much.
I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. W out of deal three point and a few point now going over.
I don't see WQ a M anywhere. Zeta Q M 2 out of a two one. Well, this is 12 plus. It's not our demo. Right? Is not always the excuse? Sure. Why not? Well, it is. Duff said mid days were up. So well, that's good. And what?
Vegetarian pigmies. We got we got we're going to vegetarian pigmies. Let's see if we can find that Fox station here. See this isn't really going to reflect the Howard thing.
Howard Spurman. That is not that other. Oh man. I can't wait to see Mo's numbers WGNA AM. See, I don't know what these stations are anymore. They keep changing all the call letters. It's like on TV, you know. Channel four used to be channel six and channel six used to be something else.
And WR effects look at that. They're making some inroads. Greg's going to be peeing in his pants. They went from a 0.4 to a 0.5. We. Wow. That is some movement. Oh, and speaking of movement. WNMA is not the station that the Mr. Ego is on that we will not put on a pool because it doesn't have more than five watts. I'll take your word for it. They went overall from a 0.5 to a 0.3. They're dead last. They're tied for last with WVCG. Hammer WVCG. What is that 1100 something on AM dial?
I don't know. If you're like if you're like within two blocks of the U of N campus, which is about four blocks in itself, you're right. Kidding quarter of the quarter there of a Dixie highway in the Lijun. Then you can hear it.
And that's in the daytime. Night time, of course, they go directionally. You can't hear it at all. You have to be up in the air to hear it.
Let's see. What are you sending me now? Persons 12 plus in the morning. This is great. I love these days. Man, the audience hates it. In fact, we lose the whole audience when this happens, except for those people in the business who want to know what's going on.
Okay. 12 plus, which again is not a demographic. That's the entire audience. That means if you're 12 up to the age of 100. So WHQT, hot 105, a 5, 8, 2, 6, 1. That's a cot station that is not owned by cheap channel.
Okay. We're not too crazy about cops because Disney's there, but nevertheless WAMR, radio Amur is second, radio mom B49 up to a 5 1. So the spec factor continues WCMQFM from a 3.7 to a 4.5.
I mean, that's just outrageous is what's going on there. That's what that's what happened at one station. All your people, man, they're all listening to WCMQFM Ho Chi Kuchi. Okay.
They're all listening to CD Crews records. That's what's going on. See that crew. I told you if we just start playing all CD all day, we might have a shot.
What is they looking to promising? I got the 10 to 3 here. What are we? Are we on the list? 29 to 3.4. Well, that's a pretty hefty increase. That's 12 plus.
But in the meantime, I would D37 to a 3.9. So they're really punishing those cheap channel states that this was too late for that. You know, we'll see that when the full book comes out, then we'll see.
I don't think it's going to happen. You know, people bellyache a lot, but they don't really give a crap, especially I don't think the stirred audience are what you call your general activists.
Okay, my drif, because if they were, they'd be all over that stop FCC.com thing, just like stink on Greg.
19 before noon at 560 WQM is the tension mounts as the numbers come pouring in.
I am lost. This is 420 or 560 WQM.
I say that I'm sure free.
Air parts of you.
It's me.
They found some part on me.
You'll find the greatest drugs.
The role inside of me.
144 or 16 to no to 560 WQM. These men numbers that are just starting to creep in here.
The entire week, men 18 plus not looking all that promising. We only went up from a 3.9 in the last round to a 4 point.
Oh, any much of an increase, you know what?
We're number two in this trend.
Oh, you got that already?
Yeah, well, I looked at it before I said, well, then we go up a little bit.
We improve on up a little bit, but CMQ, I guess it is.
CMQ FM is picking us.
They would look at this overall and men WCMQ FM 6.3 to a 7 point.
Holy moly, man. We ain't got no chance.
Do you want to?
Yeah, that's going to be the, I told you this.
And nobody would listen to me.
They all laughed. They all laughed at me.
I didn't expect it.
With all the stuff that's going on right now, we wouldn't have to worry about language.
We wouldn't have to worry about all these bleeps and all this other crap.
We just turned CD loose, man. I'll see you all day.
What was it?
What is this?
What is this? Can be a 9.
Look at this.
Look at this in the morning.
WCMQ goes from a number three with a 4.9 to a 6.5.
Number one by so far that they're down in road and gone like Secretary in the Belmont.
Radio Mom B in the morning is number two and men 510-540.
This is a spick book, man.
Big is already started to drop off.
6.5 to a 5.2. That's because how would I get this much?
It just been the beginnings of how it being gone.
You know that.
Sure.
Wait till you see the book comes out. We're big.
They're not going to be so big. They're going to be like really, really piccino is what they're going to be.
What is that?
W-I-Z-4404-2. That's in the morning.
Zeta 382-370 tied for 10th.
In men.
Q-A-M-310-3. I see Moe had a little bit of a...
Absolutely.
...a little bit. Not too much. Not too good.
3-3. Number 13.
Hey. Do you want the person's 18 to 34?
Whatever you got, man. Just send it along.
Just pour it right through there.
Okay. It'll give us something to do. Kill some really outstanding time.
WCMQ FM. Somebody needs to call us and explain to us just what the hell that's all about.
What is it? Is it animal vegetable or mineral?
I mean, they just came out of nowhere, out of the dark, and they're just kicking ass.
They've taken a market by storm, and our people are walking about...
...like that.
I told you, man. That's the format that'll kill. See, I'll see you all day.
WQM. When is this?
Hi. How are you, Neil?
Pretty good.
I wanted to ask you about that last bit, the greatest drug in the sight of me.
Who is that great singer that's doing that sapphire?
See? Matt...
It's Whitney from a passions. Whitney from passions.
She's singing in the club.
WCMQ FM. And is that a killer or what?
We'll get some people on here. It'll tell us what that is.
Just like that first little Julio that called him a spy report about how they're plug-and-stop FCC.com.
On some of the more enlightened Spanish language stations, wouldn't it? No spigot English?
WQM. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning.
I'd like to add George to your poll. He's a fabulous broadcaster.
The best talk to your host in America is George Rodriguez.
He's a fabulous broadcaster.
He's fabulous.
He gets all the hot guys.
Oh, fabulous, I see.
I was a little slow on that guy.
I was looking at these numbers and I'm paying attention to your boyfriend there.
Oh, look at all these pages and pages and pages.
How many trees did we have to knock down for this?
Man, oh man. Let's see. Midday.
Oh my God. Are you kidding me?
Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Man 18 plus. I'm going to tell you something right now.
In fact, there's, and you can mark it down like Wayne says.
There's only one thing to say about this whole deal now.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Well said, mad dog.
WCMQFM has come out of nowhere and now they have an 8.4 share.
They're number one in man in the midday.
QAM, we went from a 5.4 up to a 6.3.
That's a pretty good means we had a good might.
We'll take it. WY with these six, two we edge them out.
WMXJ5, two, live 4.7.
WR audio, mom B4.4.
I'm going to tell you, man, you can smell the olive oil on here.
That's how it's incredible. You can smell the guava.
Olioliva.
Olioliva, not that sort of wrong kind.
That's funny. Right now, this is just unbelievable.
They have just, I want to say they, I'm talking of course about our good Cuban friends.
Now to other, uh, Julio's listen to that too or just Cuban.
Let me go find one and ask them.
Find a Puerto Rican. What do you don't want to talk to them?
Well, Lenni is around here somewhere.
Yeah. No, it was just like somebody must tell us what this is.
I mean, this happened while all of our programming geniuses were asleep.
I think Bill Tanner's got his finger in this somewhere.
You can smell the fine finger of Tanner on this.
What? I think I'm going to be able to understand.
I beg your pardon? I think that's in spite of all the Cubans, uh,
the Spanish language people being understand recording this Tanner.
What the hell does she know? WQA and hello? Can I answer that?
Yes, I can answer that.
Yes, so I'm sure you could if anybody could.
Okay, I can answer that because that's my expert.
That's my expert.
No, it's your expert.
Yeah, classic cano vintido, which is a one thing.
Now, speak it English. Come on. Don't start laughing back into that crap.
No, no, no, no, no.
Just because I'm going Cuba.
That's the idea of them is classic and no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay, I see.
Okay, plays all Spanish songs, most of them romantic, uh, uh,
Bolero.
Is that a need to get back on the other?
No, no, no, no.
Okay, they do not follow the city crews.
They do not play any songs by Celia Cruz.
Oh, Luis Miguel.
Luis, uh, no, they play all songs.
Yeah, Luis Miguel, when he started, uh, been 12 years ago,
they don't play any today's music whatsoever.
Oh, yeah, Spanish music.
It's like the old Cuba.
Some of the words is like a, uh, uh, uh,
Spanish magic one, oh, two points, seven, seven, eight, eight, eight.
No, Stadia.
Right.
That's what they identify in the form in the style.
In the morning, they have two clowns, which are very popular in the,
uh, Cuban community in particular.
One is a person that, that does all kind of voices and sketch with another guy
and they open the microphones and anything goes.
You can say whatever bad word you wanted to say.
So really?
Oh, yeah, sure.
That's a reason that I told you.
It learned a little bit Spanish or put George to say for you all of the dirty words.
No, thanks.
My PlayStation world.
My priest, my, my, uh, my church last Sunday, they recommended your program
because they say that you saw this moving the passion of Christ
and you got cleaned.
And cry.
And straight.
And my priest, his name is Billy Bouguero.
Okay, great.
Have a great day.
I still came over to.
Wow.
Three.
I wound up playing the alarm clock.
So CMQ FM, we're never going to catch them if this trend continued.
No, no, we're dead.
We're dead.
We'll just hope for number two.
I hope we can squeeze out number two.
When the, uh, everything falls out in the late light at the end of the month.
The whole book comes out.
Wow.
Now let's see.
What about the afternoon?
The Schmidt Meister, Todd Schmidt, five six in the last round and a five six.
He's number one again.
So I would be continues with the big right wing.
See the right wingers in the no-speeding lace, which is a lot of crossover there.
And we, uh, we haven't got a shot.
I mean, we're back in a ballgame, but we haven't got a shot.
Man.
CMQ FM number two in the afternoon.
A five point.
Oh, see?
They're all over the place.
Everywhere.
QAM.
The, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, mad dog in a humber from a four four up to a four eight.
They're tied for third.
Which they're moving in the right direction again back up there.
But boy, it's going to be tough to catch as some of these other ones.
Especially CMQ FM.
All old the sticks all the time.
MxJ 4.8.
What else MxJ?
That's magic.
Oh, see, oldies.
That's Stalges in.
People want to live in the past.
I'm playing all oldies noon to two.
Oh!
Main and black 4.4.
Power 4.
Well, you're going to want to board them with all just numbers.
Anybody that I should be looking for.
Oh, that's right.
Let's look into morning and see how WRFX is doing.
The great competition they went from a 0.5 to a 0.4.
Oh, they're not going in the right direction.
How about in the midday with Romi?
Romi and Homi.
Wouldn't that be great if they put the crow out with Jim, uh, uh, Romi would be Kro, uh, Romi and, uh, Homi?
RFX 0.9 to a 1.4.
See they're making a move in midday when you least expect to wait there in the back of the back.
You can see his head bobbing around.
What about in the afternoon?
What do they got in the afternoon?
We have any idea?
Or is that where Stu got, they weren't on that yet.
Stu got some toast.
Did you say Stu gots was going to be toast?
Is that what you said?
That's no, that's WRFX 0.5 to 0.6.
So they're making a little teeny tiny, they're edging the other way.
Not really.
They suck.
So there you go.
That's the deal.
We're number two and we're pretty excited about to be hanging on number two.
As a matter of fact, this back up from number three in the last round.
Because nobody speaks English, gets any diaries and certainly nobody who does get them returns of anyway.
Very sad.
Nobody queue in, hello.
I read it.
Hey.
Yes sir.
Hey, what are you doing?
All right.
This nail.
Yes it is.
I nail it.
Hey, do you remember who that fat guy was?
He had white hair and a beard at that old station on like a hundred and thirty-fifth and federal?
Did he have any idea?
The old guy with a white beard and purple hair?
Yeah, purple hair.
He was only a hundred and thirty-fifth and white.
What the hell was that?
I mean, I'm in four Lord.
What station was there was no station at a hundred and thirty-fifth and federal highway and this game full of art?
Yeah, there was.
Wasn't there?
You're a dreaming man.
Go get some go call up Wilmo.
Okay, she's got some good stuff that Rush can't use this month.
I got to think the cat is right now.
Who is the big guy?
Who's a little judge with a mustache?
Oh, I'm telling you man, life all Brady we're going to bring in fact.
Let's start can we into the old cockers again?
That's our only hope.
And I'm sitting here banging away.
We need your signature.
We need your money.
We need your petition.
And we're sitting here just dealing with our toenails.
That's all.
That's all we're doing.
Who the hell are we kidding?
So let's just like I said, take the money.
Run to the bank and just the life.
Lack your way home.
That's it.
Let's see.
What is this?
Oh, 18 to 34.
Well, we don't have any number in this but I'm glad you sent it because it's kind of interesting.
Power.
Look at that power 96 kicking ass 10.3 to 11.2.
They're number one man right down the hall of power.
We like to tutorial up but we certainly don't like that bitch that they got you a mark far.
W.L.I.B. men in black went from an 8.4 to a 9.9.
There's still number two but there's zoom in on up.
W.E.D. are all ethnic here man.
18 to 34.
Are there any young white people in South Florida?
Who's speaking English?
Why 100 500 with 5.9.
So you see the irony of this is that the cheap channel stations are all zooming up there.
Zooming up as the public shows their protest.
They don't give a crap about how it's turned.
They don't give a crap about any of this stuff.
All they care about is Hootsie Cootsie.
That's all.
Wow.
That is a shocker.
What else would I be looking for here?
Q.A.M.?
I mean, do we even show in this demographic?
I.O.D.1414, Q.A.M.1213.
We gained a tenth of a break in this demographic overall.
I mean, this is just wasting everybody's time but it killed some good time.
Yeah, good time.
I mean, it's just like the year when we were right along.
5.6.105.60.
I don't really care.
You know, it's one of those things we've been waiting for this for a long time.
And quite frankly, it doesn't tell me it off a lot.
Other than we dropped off a really bad month.
And we had a pretty good one.
Did Doug give you the month by month?
He did. That's the last page you're getting.
In fact, I can tell, figure it out myself.
And I'll tell you if it matches his 5.7.
5.9.
6.11.6.
And what do we get?
We get a 6.3.
Is 18.9.
18.9.
Less 11.6.
Is a 7.3.
There you go.
See, I can do the math the same way he is mowing much faster.
Yeah, I'm pretty good with my numbers, Doug, okay, but I'm not leaving any for you.
11.57.5.60.
QAM.
My mind and local.
Here's sports radio 5.60.
QAM.
Hello.
What the hell just happened there?
Oh, I got the seat.
There you go.
I knocked that thing on audition again.
And you wanted a wine?
I don't know why you got all those numbers, everyone.
I got all the numbers here.
And then I didn't realize that it was the 12 to 1 hour seat.
So I had the wrong thing in there anyway.
One moment please, okay.
How you ready?
Mr. Cheney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Okay.
What was that word?
What the fuck?
Wait up, little Georgie.
Wait up.
Chill out, little Georgie.
Chill out.
The people have been pulled.
And this is what you've been told.
About two to one they don't want bars up.
But your plans aren't hold, wait up, a little Georgie.
No.
Pulled up, a little Georgie.
Well, why don't we try to get old-sum?
Why don't we get the lock on Mark?
Oh.
Well, we're gonna tell the world what they say.
No more war, wake up, little Georgie.
Hold up, little Georgie.
We know Saddam is really the big threat.
But no one wants to see World War III yet.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Chill out, little Georgie.
We ought to stay home.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Wait up.
Chill out, little Georgie.
Chill out.
Before you send our men, be sure to count to ten.
For you though the crap out of your rack,
please listen to the UN, wait up, little Georgie.
Pulled up, a little Georgie.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Okay, that person's 2554.
More went up a little bit from the last train from a two under a two three.
That's still pretty awful.
Although if you double that, let's see about it.
It's about a four in man, I would say, is what I'm looking for.
It's 2554 men in the morning.
What do you think of that?
Okay, that's something.
Not great, not awful.
Not terrible.
Look at this, we went from a three one up to a three nine in person's 2554.
So you double that seven eight by seven five in the men,
which I think that would put us back on top quite frankly, men's 2554,
even with this whole bubble sea.
Now look at this, person's 2554.
This is what gives us hope, okay?
Oh, hallelujah.
You want to know why?
Why?
Almost stop and think about it.
WCMQFM, although look at that.
Look at that.
Overall, person's 2554, WCMQFM is number one with a 5.6 overall in the morning.
Hot 105 is number one in the demo, WAMR, radio amor.
Does anybody speak English?
Oh my god, what are we going to do about this thing?
Nobody speaks English, no more, it's our Florida.
John here in the taxi.
Yeah.
The driver said, we'll park.
Speaking English, ladies, for PaVore.
We should go read.
I could tell she was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
No bugs speaks English and in more.
Oh, good evening, brats.
Good guy.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather, weather was nice, I'm sorry.
I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks a little fun.
I asked him for a pint of Hortium Beamy's, just knowing to the end of what doesn't mean.
The bus speaks English and I'm more.
That cornered Delhi.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English, melee.
Oh, you can go back to Laird.
I can't hear many years ago.
Learn my ABCs.
I don't say much as grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom, quit here in America now.
Stop making mistakes, you know, but I speak English.
And in more.
Only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami.
Amen.
Let's see, afternoon, 2554, Hank in the mad dog, got a 3-1, it's up from a 2-6,
they're moving in the right direction.
That's a, let's see, 6.2, it's about a 5-8, not that too bad in men, right?
He'll take it.
And what did I say about Mo, the Mo man?
I thought of four.
And we got like a seven, five, something.
I think we're moving in the right direction.
Nice going, Eric Duffick, there's, we could have done it without you.
You know what I said, we could have done it with I.
So I think the bottom line on this, and it's only a trend, we got a way to go, but.
We're number, hit me.
Right, right.
I could do better than that.
We're number two.
Hit me.
Yeah, we're pretty excited about it, just to be even within the shadow of CMQFM.
Right.
But frankly, that's where we are within the shadow.
I feel like I'm out crantston.
Okay, let's get a million calls in here, because these people get really parked off when we waste all of this time with these numbers and they're waiting.
You know, your life goes on, you know, life goes on till they take all of us off the air.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
I guess maybe I'm just diluting myself.
I think that's possible.
But what?
All about all these petitioned drives and about their reason is money and about all of these things.
All of these things.
Of course not.
What else is there?
So in other words, we should just lay off.
No, no, we've got to do something for the radio show.
Let's do this.
That didn't sound too positive to me.
Oh, here's Duffs says congratulations for that big 7, 3, and man in February.
Well, thanks so much, Duff.
And by the way, get lost.
What's this other thing here with the bell?
What is that?
Art bell.
Get it?
Oh, art bell isn't it?
Cute somebody with all this with a palette and an easel and then they got a bell on the bottom.
As opposed to just writing out art bell, they went through all of this great artwork on here.
Let's put our bell on list.
What do you say?
Okay.
You got it?
We got it.
All right.
So we're really moving in the right direction.
Let me stick that in my drawers.
Oh, there you go.
Thanks, Duff.
That's right.
Yeah, he's got his calculator out.
He's doing something really productive today.
About time.
Got Bocabrenner recut that bit.
You better be joking about that.
I wish I was.
I thought he was.
So it's nice and clean and appropriate now.
Now you're aware the Federal Communications Commission is on a mission from God to protect your children.
And perhaps yourself from the simple danger of dirty words.
What you may not know is the FCC regulates your private telephone calls as well.
That's why faith-based ministries corporation is proud to introduce word block.
Simply attach this easy to use device to your phone.
And the words of Satan will be locked out instantly.
Hello.
I'd like to have a minute of your time to talk about our time, Shad.
Yeah, Duff.
Hello.
Interest rates have never been this low.
Approach and if you know we can be fine.
Hey, me, Duff.
Hello, you.
Hello.
This is my brother.
Please, move for my boy.
Bastard.
Holy God, he is globalist.
Call 1-800-Bull Whip.
And word block will be shipped directly to you for a generous donation of $2,000
to the Republican National Committee.
Many restrictions apply.
And guess what?
That's what I'm playing.
So don't even waste your time sending that to me because I'm not putting it in my DCS.
If you want to put the other one in there, be my guest. I'm not doing it.
There's nothing wrong with that.
This is, you see, somewhere in life you have to draw the line.
This is where I draw the line in the sand.
I'm not playing the other one.
He's not saying the words.
Okay.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
No, I understand perfectly.
Well, then just forget about it.
What I'm saying.
Forget about what?
I mean, if he wants to sit in there and play bushboss and pretend that he's like an exercising authority,
and really, you know, there's nothing to believe.
There's no word there.
There's no word behind the belief.
You take about the belief bottle there.
There's dead air.
There's silence.
That is about the silliest.
Now, when did this happen?
I just heard in the little chat during one of the breaks there.
He said it was on its way.
I don't want it recut.
I will not play one in his recut.
There's nothing wrong with that.
That's what I'm sticking with, okay?
And if you're talking $500 for a re-edit, then.
There you go.
500 bucks for the re-edit.
Good.
Good thinking there.
If stuff wants to play it on his show in between the senior crews in the Luis Miguel Records,
more power to him.
We're not playing a re-cut one on his show just to be childish and Jew and I, okay?
And the hours and...
I mean, I spent at least 10 minutes recutting that Bill Cigar and Monica's s**t.
I thought it was a masterful, masterful thing.
Now, you notice I didn't run that through by anybody.
No.
I'm very, very angry.
Look, here's the way I look at it.
If we need that much involvement by people who aren't talk to your host in the first place,
then we shouldn't be on a year period.
Bill Cigar's and Monica's.
I mean, that was one of the proudest moments in my 85 years in this business redoing that thing.
And a masterful job, I'll say it again if I say so myself.
Even you agreed.
You're...
5, 6, 7, I mean, I'm...
Again, I feel just like when I heard the goddess for those 10 minutes yesterday,
I want to put my head in my hands and cry, hearing that he got Bokobrine wasting his time
to put it in a bleep where there was no sound, where there's no word.
That has to be the dumbest, most bonehead move in the history of the broadcast industry.
Believe me, I've seen lots.
I could write volumes.
But that's got to be about as dumb and as paranoid and as pathetic as anything I have ever heard of in my life.
But he's doing something.
Let's hear it for a doubt, baby. He's doing something. He's doing it.
You're doing it, man.
You go, girl.
Always a matter of fact, I got a question for you.
Okay.
Charlie, Chris, Mark Foley, and Muff Lindsay.
What do these three have in common?
My life and look all this is for 20560.
You weigh in two weigh in.
First, the Neil Rogers.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story.
He was one half of a hugely successful 80-signal duo.
And even though both of them are out of work now, it just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oates.
Nobody remembers me because I wasn't a pretty one-life Darryl Hall.
Let's face it, I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton.
John Oates, Unrelenting Bitterness, and tragic loser status, provide exactly the kind of demeaning,
spent-your-tightening awkwardness we love here at Inside the Behind.
Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all-new show I simply call In Oates.
I'm... I'm sorry?
In Oates, featuring all the parts of the Holognotes songs that I made famous.
The parts you made famous? I'm not sure I understand you.
Like, kiss on my list. Because you're kissed? Because you're kissed?
I get it. I see that.
Because you're kissed? Oh my god.
Or man-eater.
Whoa, here she comes. Right, guy.
Whoa, here she comes, sir.
Yep. Whoa, here she comes.
Please stop.
Rich girl. Rich girl.
No.
Rich girl.
I said shut up, you freak.
I'm gonna get you, what's the big girl?
Rich girl. Rich girl.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Oates. Oh, Mr. Oates.
Oh, I'm sorry. Is he singing just the backup again?
Yes.
Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing, but that's what you guys like, right?
John Oates.
If they gave an award for a second banana.
Hey, FCC, I said banana.
Go ahead. Find me.
It's a big, juicy, shopping-wet look at your business.
Tonight, on Inside the Behind.
Now he's muck running up and down the hall.
I'm going to grab me a banana.
A banana.
Is he doing that?
No, you don't learn here.
He will be pretty soon.
Anyway, he just facts me the CMQFM numbers, muck.
These were just gigantic, but I really don't care.
But at least he felt he did something.
I'm just drawn to line at that point.
At this point, I mean, when we got such a nervous nearly,
pop had janko look what we got.
You know?
Making a guy redo a comedy bit that's got bleeps over dead air.
That the words aren't even being mild there.
And he makes him redo it because the bleep wasn't good enough.
I mean, even dead people are shortland at that.
Liberal Radio Network hits air with left jabs as the Washington Post.
Al Franken said a lofty standard on his new radio show yesterday,
casting it as a battle for truth, battle for justice,
and battle for American itself.
Not to be grandiose about it, he added.
See, always does the everything is a little quip.
You know, they're not funny, but he puts in these little quips.
Air America radio didn't have a grandiose debut.
The signal was elusive in Los Angeles.
In San Francisco, it station didn't materialize.
And its internet feed kept breaking off.
But the fledgling liberal network managed to plant its flag
in what has been overwhelmingly conservative turf.
And it goes on.
A parade of liberal guests came on.
And one time Watergate Phil and G Gordon Litty called in from his radio show.
And the yaddy yaddy yaddy.
Franken said, I know if someone comes after me, you'll kill them.
And not quickly, Litty said slowly and painfully.
And it goes on about how Mario Chromo bombed and jury-brown bombed
and all the other liberals they put on the earth bombed.
And it says, they've assembled a line up that leans heavily on entertainers
from comedian Jeanine Garaflo to rapper Chuck D to Liz Winstead.
The goddess is not mentioned in here at all.
But like I said, she should quip barely looking about that
and worrying about making her mark and letting people know who she is.
Because nobody knows who she is.
All these other people are just mentioned in their name.
People know who they are.
See?
I see.
560560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Who is the best radio talk show host in America, non-sports, of course.
Neo-Rodgers 365, although under 65% now we're slipping.
Howard Stern 71, Phil Henry 32, Randy Rhodes 32, Rush Limbaugh 17, Al Franken 11.
Bill O'Reilly 10, Michael Savage 7.
Sean Hannity 7, Alice Rantell's got a pair.
Dr. Laura's got a bigger pair.
Tom Liches 2, Ali North 1, Scott Farrell's got one.
Patch knit 1, Art Bell 1, G Gordon Lee still have any other 560 do-vote.
Gordon Lee don't have any.
Damn it.
That's probably because nobody cares the show in the market, right?
No.
Hmm.
After other people on this list do, nobody cares the show.
Well, they've heard Alice Rantell 100 years ago.
That must be the light bulb crowd, if you ask me.
Oh, yes.
I remember WNWS.
Alice was so good.
She was so wonderful.
And on the light bulb it was a Mahaya.
That's all water over the bridge, baby.
Ancient history.
Life, Moosan, all Spanish oldies, all day.
Oh!
Darts tomorrow on QAM.
Is that 18?
No, not her though.
Now that's interesting.
Why would they not play her?
For the same reason that like some oldies stations avoid, like the beetles or things that have been worn into the ground.
They do?
Sure.
I've heard it does.
I've heard them.
Oh, sure.
Why would you want to play the beetles?
Somebody might want to hear that.
Right, exactly.
I don't send me any more faxes from that chronic, whining little John.
I mean, this guy is a pathetic.
Why don't you do this?
So why don't you do the...
Listen to your Spanish language station to get lost, John.
Okay, nobody cares.
Let's see.
Did you catch last night's South Park?
No.
No.
Passionacrescent.
They're funny and timely.
How do they crank these things out so quickly?
They have the back.
They say phenomenon.
So WB.
It's a phenomenon.
It's not just the one to two hours.
It was very good and pointed.
It had no smearing.
Can we even say matter all over the walls?
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, let's go.
They better do their things while they're still on here.
In fact, a lot of these droppings, I notice I can't even...
Right.
No, no, no.
You're good.
I can't play that.
Yeah.
I can't play that.
Nope.
She's an evil bitch.
I can't play that.
Uh, no.
This one I can play.
Makes people piss me out.
Yeah.
A lot of those soft park droppings we can't play no more.
If you listen, if you leave it in the hands of mufflinzy, I'm telling you right now, you
won't be able to say hello or goodbye in about two weeks.
You're dealing with the most nervous nilly I've ever been around in my life.
I get nervous just when he's around.
That's how nervous it, because it rubs off.
Paranoid, nervous, weak need.
I mean, if we had somebody with just one testicle in that position, we wouldn't be in this
position right now.
We could probably be a little bit more entertaining without having to worry about...
Oh, gee.
You know.
But of course, this makes him feel more masculine, more like he's in charge, like he's driving
the situation.
You see, we couldn't have done that 7-3 in man in February without Duff and Clarence.
I'll guarantee you that, you think?
Without those morning seminars.
No, you don't hold back.
What?
Don't hold back.
Don't be playing the old magic wand back there.
Let it out.
Cracker, put it out.
Spit it out, man.
No.
Too much blood.
Spit.
Yeah, I'll bet.
Has Volca brine.
And you know something Volca brine, I'm going to really kick his ass too.
What do you want him to do?
I want him to say no.
I want him to say no.
He should have said, I'll talk to Neil first and he doesn't agree with you.
He begs for $50.
He has to go over to accounting on his hands and knees and begs for it.
So in other words, you're telling me they're going to pay him an extra $50 for recutting
the same bit.
You really believe that?
He can't afford to be making any enemies in this building.
They hate him enough as it is.
Who's they?
They, all of them, all of the above.
Really?
He's probably, he's probably listening right now.
Hey, Volca.
Don't hate you.
Yeah.
Volca.
Greg hates you.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's, he doesn't care.
He's another one, of course, Mr. Panic, man.
$56.
I got an idea.
Let's get a panel and we'll have them judge all the comedy bits and everything we play
on the air.
It's going to be Eric, Volca brine and Duff.
Whoa.
Can you see that?
Just kidding, Eric.
We love you, baby.
You're the best.
Go to sleep.
$56.70560, $5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What a joke, man.
What a panic.
If you tuned in late, don't forget you can contribute some cash.
Those people have said, how can we help you?
How can we contribute?
There is a chance right on our website, neo-riders.com.
Eric did a masterful job on this, if I do say so myself.
Stop FCC.us.
Just click that baby on there and then there's a nice page there with the American flag
in the background.
Also on the left, there's the first amendment to the US Constitution just in case you
forgot about free speech.
Promoting the campaign for free speech, it explains to you why we're raising the money,
very succinctly what we're going to do with it with ads in the USA today and yada yada
yada.
Then you click on where it says donate and it goes to a thing.
There it is.
Enter the amount on your credit card and anything between $2,000 and $1,000.
I mean, if you can only donate three or four bucks, five bucks, that's fine.
We'll take it.
I have to feel bashful.
It all adds up.
So that's one beautiful thing.
And then the other one in case they do an in late was that outstanding link that I discovered
on the, what was it?
Tompaine.com, the article that I read at the beginning of the show, which the article
is on here and it's, where the hell is it?
It's on here.
In peach central and you clicked that on and nothing happens.
There it is.
And that is one hell of a website.
Did you look at it yet?
Oh, the website?
No.
Oh, man.
Restoring justice, reclaiming our democratic rights, this is one of the best.
And it's got, if you just want to click on where it says petition, if you want to sign it,
you can do that too.
And it, but it's a must.
In peach central is a fabulous.
So there's a link to it on our website.
Plus you can see Barbara Carrera naked lots of reasons to go to the rogers.com today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Lots of open lines here doing screenless.
Nothing.
WQA and hello.
Any, yes, sir?
I have a question for you.
Is NTV part of the whole, uh, ST, finding channels like, is it part of that?
Can they get mine?
Well, it's on cable.
It's on cable.
That's what they want to do next.
Wow, because I mean, they said a word yesterday that I guarantee you anybody that does
it, does it stop the air.
I'm gonna spill it off here to be great five six seven he's gonna spill off for me.
Five six seven, five sixty, five, five, sixty on the AT&T.
Just give us the first letter next time, pali, okay?
That'll be more than a sign language.
Yeah, that's it.
And slip it.
Put on a slip of paper and slide it under the through the radio and slide it right
through your speaker.
I'm calling you people think I'm exaggerating.
That's the that's the, uh, the, the, the culinary area feel like the, uh, that stiff
freeze. That's the only thing that's allowed to be stiff anymore. In fact, if a Michael Powell's got his way, no more
Viagrider taking that off the market, you'll have to go see Alice. In fact, that's what Duff I think is doing during his lunch
hour days. Gonna go see Alice. I'd like to be a fly in a wall for that. No thing. WQM. Hello.
Or just a fly. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Are you allowed to do it like initials? Like are you allowed to say like no?
No, no, no, don't ask. We won't tell. Are we allowed to do initials? The answer is not allowed to do anything. Okay. We can't say anything. We can't think anything. We can't write it down.
Initials letter because for example, like C. Well, think of all the words that we could say would let her see like an F.D. C. I mean, that one's pretty obscene. But think of that. C. Okay. You know, right off the top of my head.
I can think of several with a C. We couldn't even begin to say. Okay. Yeah, including something around that most sacred of all this.
There's original George Carlson, seven dirty words. Can't say those. No. Now, like you could do like what's his name? Simon Caldard put your finger up against your
No, you can't. And say see this. WQM. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? All right, man. Long time listener. Love your show, man. All right.
I love everything you've been doing recently without this F.D. C. stuff. And I'm trying to make a public awareness going on. Yes, sir. I've been saying that to myself a year, you know, and this glad I'm glad to see somebody's doing it. I think the next step is to start an economic washer.
So put it up on your website and let people boycott companies that are doing, you know, I'm saying stuff that certain. The same people that are supporting companies.
Like Walmart, you're talking about.
What would be excellent? That would be our number one choice. I'm sure George would agree. Hardly Walmart would be number one. And the list goes on. We need to cut the cream off at the top and show some of it back.
Now, and what do you think the what? Oh, you can't say that. He's a cut off the top. We can't say that. Sorry, pal, it can't do that. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Just don't pound it too hard. OK, please. Can we do pantomime? Yeah, we're going to start doing that pretty soon. Marcel Marzo, our coming up instead of mad dog today.
Now, actually, we got the mad dog of two. He's back after a couple of days off. Oh, look at that. I knew nothing was perfect.
I'm sure he's on for the Hebrew hammer at four four to 6 30 for the Zagaki. Myster Panther preview after a disaster has lost Ottawa last night. At least it was disastrous for the leaves. Anyway, Panther preview 6 30 and 7 o'clock. It's Panthers at the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Over there in the West Coast Tampa Bay. What a team they got. I heard guilty this morning. I think they're going to have a scene next year. I don't know what to base that out. But I just think they're going to play.
I mean, nobody I know. No columnist. Nobody was ever even seen a hockey puck. Thanks to this. It's going to be a season next year. But Galilee says in the only reason he's saying that he's trying to talk himself into it.
So we can have jugs job doing a games on radio next year since jugs is retiring. Any camp to the hockey game got that schedule down. Oh, yeah, I got it.
27 past noon at 5 60 WQM. I've been telling you for a long long time. If your mattress is old and lumpy, say goodbye to that mattress and get a great new one. The easy way.
We just one simple phone called the Dalmatris. One 800 mattress. That's all you have to do is call that number because Dalmatris backs up everything they say they're advertising 500%.
Their competitors still lie like crazy. For example, you see an add in the paper with a big headline that says half off.
But when you read the fine print, you find out this only applies to a very limited selection of items that you didn't want. Anyway, everything else. It's still full price.
And they probably double the regular price first. And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like it.
But a Dalmatris in their ads, you'll find no tiny print, no disclaimers, no BS, no crap. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll see their prices are so low.
Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete. Dalmatris has got a no risk 30 day.
30 man comfort exchange policy on all beds, including yours. And don't forget when you call Dalmatris at one 800 mattress, you're getting a company ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction.
From candle to Stuart Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And Dalmatris reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying.
Even if you decide not to buy from them, what's not to like? Do what I've been doing for a long, long time.
Replace that crappy worn out mattress of the great brand new with an unbeatable price by calling that one 800 mattress or log out of mattress dot com.
Dalmatris that's one 800 MATT RES, the honest, the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
My life and love. This is 440560. Way to go.
Just tell me what your problem is.
This is Mohaveta David, star of sport, whole radio and all you can eat dinner.
And this is tell me I have to squeeze my legs below my face.
Where he is to tell you about the WQAM online auction. Why it's just like Phoebe Bay.
Only it's family sports stuff.
You like to manage old cleats? Size 19.
Yeah, partially eroded your little cake used by your favorite on your star.
A pair of Luen's is running nylon.
And uncleaned jewelry piercing found on the men's room floor.
Lunch in prestigious Fort Myers with a giggly pinball named Joy.
Disguided human bones left here by far out.
And Kelty's manhood.
Wait a minute, I want that.
And I'm in my personal ICD and Godsmack.
You never heard against that.
I know.
He's 20 years to 4405.
I'm 100.
The 560 online auction.
All proceeds will go directly to the Benven stretch.
Meet for the sky. Stand on Chibitos way up high foundation.
225 60 WQAM.
Another fraud there that was pushed over on us by clearance and Duff.
Although not Duff is running away.
I had nothing to do with that.
You know that.
And by the way, Boka Brian in case you forgot.
Okay.
I just want to play that every few minutes or mind.
Not that he's insecure paranoid.
You don't understand that.
He's very.
Got his feet firmly on the ground.
Look at that foam.
We're doing screen list.
There is not a call on the board.
Man, this is just amazing to me.
And it's just a shocker.
Well, they're all over there with rush right now.
Left or right today.
Want to hear all the lies on the BS.
See, you can't you just can't compete no more with the right wingers.
Okay.
So this idea of a era America and liberal radio.
What did I tell you a long time ago?
Yeah.
It was not fool-puing it right for the get-go.
Got a China-man chance.
5 6 7 0 5 60 is the phone working hour.
We did we just die WQM.
Hello.
Any idea?
Pretty good.
I can change the subject.
What subject?
Okay, great.
Good one.
That's the higher-pally guy.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Like I said, let's just do goofball radio.
Okay.
Let's smit-can all of this stuff about bush and about politics and about petition drives.
Let's just say to hell with it.
You know?
To hell with it.
To hell with it.
In fact, I even got, I don't want to steal from my close personal friend and colleague.
Okay.
But I'm thinking about saying.
But got about it.
Yeah.
Oh, that's easiest to piece around.
I'm not talking about the real one.
I'm talking about the one that poker-bronk created.
The moment he created it.
If we can have a show of that, we'd have a 10-year-old.
We would be easy.
You know?
That would have a number.
I'd listen.
It would be a panic.
WQM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Pretty good.
Oh crap.
You know, I thought I was going to have something to say for the say.
And I forgot what I was going to say.
Yeah.
Damn.
You better hang up on me, bro.
Okay.
Oh, he was all right in spite.
This is the life we have shown that he was excellent.
It was very good.
That's one of the best calls we've had in recent memories of matter.
In fact, that was very, very good.
See, he feels bad, but I feel good because he was a magnificent call.
WQM line nine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing today?
Pretty good, pal.
How you doing?
All right.
Couple things.
Fire in front of the guy that's just today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She sounded pretty good.
She had an orphanage around.
Made her get her to stuff.
I felt that I hang up on her.
I was trying to funny.
And it was a beating bird.
I had a curtain girl yesterday.
Who was the beating curtain girl yesterday?
Yeah.
I got on with her, but I wasn't a long enough to get the name.
It was Terry Nunn.
Terry Nunn from Berlin.
Yeah.
Very great.
Very man.
Nothing about 30.
Okay.
Hop on.
What was your battle?
No idea.
So I guess I heard the wrong ten minutes of her show.
I shouldn't be prejudging.
Maybe she had a magnificent show.
And I'd call from John and Lake Worth just to really set me back several years in my life.
But maybe her call her show was fantastic.
Did she plug stop FCC.com?
No.
I doubt it.
Why is it so difficult?
And you know that some of these people are well aware of what's going on.
Sure.
Maybe because nobody wants to go with that.
To run with that except just a few of us.
I mean, there must be some people in California and Texas who are like really plugging a hell out of it.
They've been all over right from the get go.
But I said, I don't know.
Come in a few way and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil?
Yeah.
Hey, I just wanted to go along the same line as a led last call.
She chewed up Ralph Nader and spit out little pieces.
It was one great.
I love it.
She said every single thing that all of Democrats who feel that he ruined the election in 2000 have all wanted to say.
But you know, only Randy's got the big one.
Right.
It was great.
Dynamite.
Well, I'm glad that I guess I heard the wrong part then.
Well, give it another shot.
She was nervous yesterday.
Now I would imagine you.
She's the superstar of the whole thing.
She's the superstar of Air America.
Yeah.
Well, she's the only one that's a broadcaster.
I'll tell you that.
The other people on there, Al Franken's no broadcaster.
And Jean-Garaflou is no broadcaster.
So she's that.
But you know, she's got to let people know who she is first before they're going to promote her.
It'll happen.
It'll happen.
Okay.
Thanks for the report, Pally.
Thanks.
See, there you go.
Took us a long time.
Of course, we were busy with dealing with these ratings and everything.
I don't wish her any bad luck.
Unlike you, which of course, you just, uh, it's just when you were relaxed, you have the same bug up your ass about her day head about Rick Raleigh.
That's all something about all the board off she got fired.
The bugging you lie a lot.
You were, you were babbling about that before the show this morning.
I don't lie.
I just make up stories just to aggravate you.
That's all.
That's for it.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
You were going to say, that's what I was going to say.
She's kicking ass to goddess.
Okay.
So there you go.
I apologize for what I said before.
I really don't because I didn't hear it.
But if she ripped Ralph Nader and asked and I give her high marks just on that point, you see what I'm saying?
In fact, she's doing really well.
She's right on Phil's ass.
Never wouldn't know.
They took her off.
And he had to do an instructor on it.
That was a bomb green hated Randy.
He really stuck into it.
I don't know why.
He didn't like that accent just like you said this morning.
You can't tell me that.
He brought that to you.
Right.
I would agree with that.
Let's see.
America's best radio talk show host non-fourth.
The O'Rodges.
I'm under 65%.
That's pretty weak.
416, 64.1.
I don't think my ego is going to take a gigantic blow if I had one.
Howard Stern, 86.
Phil Henry, 37.
Randy Rhodes, 36.
Come on.
We can get Randy past the fill easy.
Are you sure?
Oh, I know it.
Marshall and Bob Twenty, Al Franken, 12.
He's done one show and he's already the best talk show host in America.
Say a dozen of these people.
There must be the dirty dozen.
Phil O'Rodges got 10.
Michael Savage 8.
Sean Hannity 8.
Dr. Laura 3.
That bitch.
Scott Farrell's got three.
Alice Rantell's got a small pair.
Tom like his got a pair of leather jackets.
Touched Nitz got two.
Art Bell 2.
Gordon Litty 1.
Oliver North 1.
Don Imes's got one.
How could we have forgot about the Iman?
Oh my God.
I'm sorry.
Well, who's the one remembered?
A faxer.
A faxer.
Remember the Iman.
Imes is the boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with Radio's original bad boy.
Who now looks like an SD old radio.
Listen Bernie, I'm a sell-out internist coffee sacks.
Yes, every morning.
See, Imes, listen to a tape of other people's county bits.
Why, Bob?
The air.
I did a hammer to bite into this muffin.
Somebody have asked press run plate.
I'm going to see his wild behind the scenes addicts.
I'm the president of the Iman.
I'm the Iman.
You are the wallers cook and chew.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
Imes, he's irreverent.
So what's the deal on the pot?
He's topical.
So what's the deal with his water game?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what.
That's a government president.
What the hell is that?
I don't know.
He's five.
He's five.
He's five.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A cable channel.
Nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations.
Nobody listens to.
And when somebody gets some fresh jiggle.
It's Imes.
This is great.
I just picked up a faxer.
He's saying, it says, what about Imes?
It's a cool.
There's an idea.
Good talk.
Jerry and Anita Springs.
There's usually a much shorter faxer than this.
But they've got a very long faxer.
But he's always good.
He says, I too listen to a little of Air America yesterday on the internet.
The live streaming kept dropping out at the Air America website.
Well, we're nobody to talk about that.
When I went to the Portland station, KPOJ, the stream was steady.
I listen to about a half hour of Al Franken with a sidekick Catherine Lampur from public radio.
It was flat-ass deadpan and boring.
Yeah, that describes Al Franken pretty well.
I find Franken quite humorous when interviewed on a talk show.
But these two sounded like they both belong on NPR.
They make C-SPAN look exciting.
Wow.
I caught an hour of Randy on the J&O stream.
At least he's humorous.
A guy called her from her old neighborhood in New York.
And she asked him if she had ever done him.
She said she had done almost everyone in that neighborhood.
She better watch it.
I'll pay that right now.
Can you imagine if we did that?
Everyone in the neighborhood?
No, I'm talking about if we said that on this show.
Dufflin, he'd be hyperventilating.
He'd be doing cartwheels in a hallway there.
I don't know if this network will make it or not,
but someone should rip the sheets of paper out of Franken's hands and tell them to just be himself.
No, I think everything he is doing is scripted.
Right. When he was doing that speech that they kept showing over and over again.
Right.
Likewise, he was reading from notes,
but even reading from notes, he was fumbling and bumbling through the notes.
Yeah.
He's not a broadcaster.
I heard you say that we couldn't send a donation for the stop FCC.
I'm able to check our money already.
Are there plans to be able to do so in the future if not?
I'll use the credit card.
Now, just use the credit card.
Please, Jerry.
Five bucks will be fine.
If you don't debit card, use a debit card.
Everyone has one.
They do?
If you have a checking account, like automatically,
you almost can't get one.
Yeah.
How am I going to find out how much we got on that thing?
I know we got a thousand from you and me,
but how much we got 30 bucks on that one.
How much they do is the ones that one of those days.
I don't know. Seriously.
I don't want to be pushy, Eric.
But what?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, he's got to be able to be seeing the stuff that's been coming in.
Yeah.
So that gives me a number.
Some of the more bogus, which we knew that upfront,
like it always is, just like that bogus auction they hit on the
Beasley website.
So in other words, what you're talking is we can't find out.
Not soon.
Not like right now.
I want it right now.
Damn it.
I want to like 12 30 10 minutes ago.
Can't find it.
No, I'm sure he'll get it to his head.
I'll work on it.
When he wants to hear me begging and pleading and just,
yeah, he'll do it.
He'll wake up from a sound sleep.
Oh, gee.
Whoa.
I better go on that.
It would just give me a ballpark figure.
You mean idea how it's going?
If some people are doing that on that stop FCC.us.
So let's see people put their money where their mouth is literally okay.
Everybody's got a credit card.
If you don't have one, steal somebody else's or just give us some cash.
It's speaking of cash.
The last mortgage you're ever going to need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are just unbelievable.
You'll pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points,
kind of like a tag cues, I, uh, Todd Drex IQ or tag cues, I direct zero.
Get that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay just three hundred and thirty four a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay just six sixty eight a month in order to get.
Once you be financed, you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never pay closing costs again.
So call today.
What do you got to lose?
Call one eight six six three nine five lend and get that low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
You know what I didn't say move your ass this time.
I noticed.
I think once I don't want to get tough upset.
It's the only one mortgage from financial groups.
So call today for details.
One eight six six three nine five lend and never ever pay closing costs again.
That's one eight six six three nine five LED for the financial group.
They're an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
Five and a local.
This is five six.
Three is all yours.
Q and.
Any child.
At five six.
So WQ and.
Of course, off of your door.
Huh?
He's been checking your updates every hour and you people aren't donating squad by the way.
I'll be there.
I'll be here.
Renting on the airways.
Horny bitchy one.
Fennies will have to do you ain't getting none.
We all see escapes you.
You lie and you see.
Oh, there it is.
Randy dream on Randy.
You'll never have me.
We're worth.
Sorry steamboat Randy.
Little bitch with dreams.
Going down life's sink in highway is that sad.
Long we clown.
Everyone knows the only one who's in the clouds.
Mad bloodshot and wasted.
Talking trash with a smile.
You had some.
And I.
I.
See some bad we're getting those updates about Randy because she's going to kick ass maybe.
I just heard the wrong.
Like I said before all you Palm Beach people all color anymore.
Okay, leave her alone.
She'll be great.
She'll do fine.
Let her rip those the right wingers and et cetera.
You know the only bad news is that this I think I think we better make a decision right now.
Okay, the brain trust maybe Josh can make the decision.
Okay.
Whether to proceed with this thing or not maybe maybe I'm dreaming.
Maybe I'm in a fantasy land.
Because Eric says we've raised $1297 so far.
But it stopped FCC dot us for this ad 900 and yours a thousand.
So that means from the whole audience out there.
So far we got $297 in almost three hours and last hour it has with a dime.
See what I'm saying?
Oh yeah, if you put that on there Neil all donate a hundred all donate five hundred.
Well, we don't see it yet and I realize that maybe some people are in their car.
Some people are in their trust day.
I beg your pardon just the first day.
No, but you're missing the point between you and yours truly we put in a thousand dollars.
And there's twelve other.
No, but you're not letting me finish okay?
All right.
Don't interrupt.
What I'm thinking is that because Eric is already pointed out to me before we started this endeavor.
That refunding people's money is a real major pain in the ass especially if there are a lot of people that donate like five bucks.
And you see what I'm saying?
And I don't want to end in bark on something that's going to turn out to be a joke that's going to turn out to be a bomb.
And then we're going to have to refund everybody's mind say well we gave it a shot but you people don't want to cut loose with a cash.
And maybe they don't you see it was like well with our fundraiser for charity the last couple of years it's unbelievable.
Yeah, so put your heads together there.
Put your stinking cap on.
I don't know.
What are you saying?
I said what let's do the week.
Let's see what where it goes.
Goes down on my handbags because what it goes to me.
Stop FCC.us.
I mean it's got that big banner there on our website.
We got 80 billion hits on a website already almost a couple of hundred thousand.
It's not even one o'clock yet.
1322 but they're all looking at Barbara Cabrera and the Miguel Cabrera doing it.
I'll see you can't say that.
I can say what they were doing.
1322 I mean somebody else put in 25 bucks.
Son of a zee's giving you these periodic.
Why doesn't he go to sleep?
I'm getting real nervous about him.
He needs some sleep.
Not till the show's over.
Okay.
Now seriously if you folks are really not interested in that and like I said a minute ago I'm not kidding.
I'm kidding myself and how many times do I say do you want to hear?
This business of thinking that you're going to make a difference in South Florida being on WQA.
I'm on a sports station with this marginal signal.
Well what difference are we going to make and look at those numbers man.
Does that reflect anything?
No, just be fixed.
It's turned on here anymore.
That's all.
They're not going to boycott clear channel.
They're going to listen to what they like.
They don't care.
They don't give a crap.
Just like they're not going to boycott Walmart.
And take a look at the polls for crying out loud.
Half the people still think that Bushia is a president.
And I'm going to sit here on the ear on this radio station with a static.
Like that and make a difference.
You it's your fault.
Yeah.
It's my fault.
Don't you think it's his fault Josh?
Say yes.
Sure.
See?
Told you.
In fact, if you could find Duff right now, he wasn't hiding under the desk for that grotesque thing he did.
See that's what he tell you to.
It's your fault.
For not bringing me back to reality.
Plants of them good.
See the cruise record.
Luis Miguel.
Right.
Now they're tuning in.
All those little veners man.
They're tuning in.
Their little antennas are going up.
Oh yeah.
There's just zoom in over to 5.
60 now to get a little more of that flavor.
I can't say what flavor it was but something like that.
Oh and by the way, Dwight Lauderdale is forming at the mouth.
I wouldn't be surprised if he makes the contribution.
Huh?
That usually happens.
No, you want to know why?
Okay.
I mean, I heard a rumor that he's really very upset with a man's been a channel 10 because they won't let him talk about eating.
Anymore.
Under the current environment.
The way things are going these days.
So I don't know anyway as far as the fundraising thing man, it's off to not just a slow start.
It's off to no start and that's really very sad.
At last I reckon I understand because we were bogged down with a rating stuff and maybe we shouldn't even talk about the ratings anymore.
When they come in, we'll just examine them.
We'll come on the next day and say, here's what they were.
Here's what everybody had instead of you know.
I mean, it's a kind of a tradition.
We've been doing it for a hundred years.
Right.
Or just wait for the book or something.
Yeah.
The extrapolations.
Right.
Because it's a tune out.
There's about how many people in the business.
About third man.
They're listening.
They're waiting to hear something that might tell whether they still got a job or not.
And the rest of the people they don't give a crap.
Well, they had a point five and now they got a point four.
Well, what does that mean?
Who knows?
Means that they might as well shut it down.
We got people in the building still don't know what that means.
Exactly.
What's the point?
WDQM line nine.
George.
Neil.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
George.
I had spoken to you a couple of weeks ago.
I met George at one of those auto medie-acquardt.
Oh, boy.
Well, that's not a good sign.
How are you doing?
OK.
Let me ask you something.
Yeah, ask me anything you want.
I'm a big fan of your shows and I love what you guys do.
And this environment with the S.E.C. is ridiculous.
And I did go on your web.
I mean, on the F.C.C. and signed up for it.
What I'm wondering is why.
Are you not a skin of Al Franken?
Am I not a fan of Al Franken?
I'm not a broadcaster.
I like his books.
Yeah, his books are excellent.
Right.
I like the sat-tare that he writes.
I think he's a very great writer or a really good writer.
I agree.
Not a fan of him on the air.
He's not a broadcaster.
Just because somebody's a good writer.
Have you ever seen Bob Woodward interviewed on television?
Yeah.
Well, he's a great writer and a great journalist.
But he's one of the most wooden people.
I totally agree with you.
Bob Woodward, I mean, I can say that.
I can't believe he was there.
Yeah, I'm the same with Al Franken.
He's like a mannequin.
Right.
Yeah, well, I think it was his first day and you're going to give him a little time, you know.
No, but I've seen him before.
I mean, he was on MSNBC last night and he had the same deadpan.
I mean, he was motionless performance.
And if you're going to be on a radio, you have to have a little something, a little pizzazz.
Yeah, I know.
And they have some animation.
You can't say they're like a dead man.
Did you happen to see him on a Letterman show last week?
No, I don't watch Letterman.
Yeah, it was very, very good.
He was very funny that night.
He is a funny guy, but he's not a broadcaster.
Yeah, but the only thing I'm thinking is when you're kind of cracking on him a little bit, I'm thinking, hey, he's got not sending me to this country.
You know, we should all stick together.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
So in other words, you're telling me that because I agree with his opinions rather than giving my honest opinion, you want me to just say,
man, that Al Franken is really kicking ass.
No, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not saying that, but you know, I mean, Republicans got enough crap.
You know, you're way way off there.
Have a great life, man.
I don't want to waste my time with this.
It's like the people who say, oh, well, you know, if you say that about Al Gore, then he's going to lose the election.
Or if you say that about John Kerry about how it looks like Dracula, it's all your fault.
Right. I'm going to tell you the way I see it.
Okay.
I don't think Al Franken is a broadcaster.
I think he's always going to go over like, halivines your Russelam on a bad day when everybody's home.
See, they don't know what that last part man.
That's called leaving an opening.
So I just, I think it's a bomb.
Okay. Is what I think I told you that before they put it on the air.
Liberals do not listen to one dimensional radio.
Okay.
Nobody under the age of 100.
It's the old Yantz again like we had.
And that went out with the high button shoes.
Just look at our market for quite a lot.
Look at WNWS.
Look at WNZ.
Look at the light bulb.
FTL, the first one.
Look at all of these things.
They're all gone.
Part of these things.
Because all those people who listen to that, they're all dead.
They're all over the age of 400.
I resent that when somebody starts, well, if you say that, and not only that, what impact do I have?
Is he on in our market?
So what the hell difference am I going to make?
There's nobody here in me outside of South Florida except a few people on the Internet somewhere.
And those people are listening because they want to hear my opinion, not because they want to hear something that somebody else tells me to say.
Man, that's just such an ass and I'm attitude.
I mean, which candidate did I like in the beginning before we ever even heard much about Howard Dean?
John Kerry, okay.
Am I excited though that John Kerry is running?
No.
I don't want to be excited because it's somebody beside Bush.
That's all who isn't Ralph Nader.
Who's got maybe a chance to win.
But if you ask me who's best qualified, who'd be the best man to run against?
Bush, I certainly wouldn't tell you John Kerry.
I'd rather see Michael Moore run for president.
Yeah, he shaved.
There you go.
Maybe put on a little different clothes, different baseball cap.
Right.
That would be good.
Put on a little outfit would be good.
Good enough for Mike Myers.
It's good enough for Michael Moore.
Nice maple leaf outfit.
Anyway, let's play some hockey in a one or two hour.
That guy just it just.
See, this is this is the light bulb mentality again and folks, it just ain't going to happen.
You can you can want it to happen.
You can be rooting for it to happen.
It's not going to happen.
I've been doing this too long.
Look at us.
Look at with his show.
We're fighting again.
I mean, to try to fight again when the right wingers get the diaries.
The ones who listen to this show, they're not going to put it down.
Are they?
No.
Even though they're pious and good Christians and certainly much holier than all of us.
But they're not going to put it down.
And it brought against the 50% of South Florida, who only speaks English once convenient.
So what the, you know, we're up against it and we're still hanging on pretty good.
We had a nice come back here in this trend.
But we're up against the odds, man.
We're fighting that we're swimming upstream.
And when you're working for this kind of chinchy money, man, that means they're really tough.
That's a good thing.
Here's our...
The ones who punch his way to an Oscar.
Now the Italian's down.
It is time to sing his way to a Grammy with a little help from his friends.
It's sly enough family, stolen.
All right.
It's a family affair.
It's a family affair.
Yo, Agent.
It's a family affair.
It's the greatest duo since Tango and Cash.
When some master's to long sings along with Sly Stone, he makes a sound that you don't hear every day.
As all on and so on is Kobe, Kobe, Kobe.
From here, not you.
I am a baby baby boy.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, come back.
Here's a CD that'll have you say stop her my novel shoot.
Get your ears ready for Sly and the family's stolen.
Yo.
I won't give thank you, but let me be my...
Oh, yeah.
Who goes this crap?
Follow me?
It isn't even real word.
Hey, man.
You'll pump your FIS T to this over the top, Rocky and Roll.
It's Sly and the family's stolen.
A little bit of Randall Records and demolition, and this.
I did.
101 at 560 W.Q.
We got the Mad Dog at 2.
The Humphers off today.
We got the, it's a Gaki.
Joe Zagaki at 4, which we'll apologize in advance then the Panther stuff tonight.
Eddie Kaptur to Hockey again.
When you hear this, you're just going to want to throw a new old towel.
Alright, I'm strapped in still.
Pull.
Most Americans agreed Bush was latched on terror before 9-11.
But a majority of Americans still support Bush's record on security.
Can you rationalize those two?
Unspeechless no.
Okay.
This just in from Reuters.
The poll by the LA Times found that 52% of Americans agreed with charges by former official Richard Clark.
The Bush failed to take the threat of terrorism seriously enough before the attacks while 40% disagreed.
That's a pretty wide margin.
52 to 40, the other eight percent are going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
That even larger share 57% agreed with Clark that Bush placed a higher priority on invading Iraq than on combating terrorism.
This is unbelievable.
The Los Angeles Times survey of 1616 Americans taken March 27 to about...
...but third man.
...also found that 56% approved of Bush's handling of the war on terrorism.
And 59% believed he had made the country more secure, a figure little changed since November.
Those findings are significant for an election year in which Bush was called himself a war president has made his leadership of the fight against global terrorism a major campaign theme.
This is absolutely unbelievable.
57% agreed with Richard Clark that Bush placed a higher priority on invading Iraq than on combating terrorism.
We have that story today from the Washington Post about Condoleez and the speech he was going to make on September 11, 2001.
About the priorities of the administration of which terrorism was weighed on the list.
Like I said, you know, I've sitting here during that break and I'm thinking to myself,
I'm an idiot, I'm an imbecile, I'm a moron.
That's the word. That's the word I'm looking for.
Moron.
Right. Say it again.
Moron. Moron. Moron.
Right.
Just like the fight about it so far, save our first amendment rights that I did like 19 years ago.
Did anybody... nobody gave a flying crap like I said before, the National Association of Broadcasters.
You know about how horrors is what you are.
All you care about is how much this whole deal is going to change your bottom line.
You don't give a flying crap about whether they're freedom of speech anymore or about whether the audience can be entertained or not the way that they're used to being.
And the way they enjoy, you don't care about that.
1412. This below it, I beg your pardon?
1412. Well, maybe we're going to make some progress.
Maybe they need to kick any ass. Maybe it's my fault for all that rating crap. That's probably a big part of it. That's a two now.
This business, the idea that prostitution is illegal in America is bull crap. You want to know why?
Why? Just look at us. Yeah? Look at the business. This is the life we have chosen.
Prostitution. That's all radio is all about. In fact, radio and records, rather than really screaming and hollering, which is supposed to be the Bible of the industry,
the last week or two what they've been writing about is, well, this one says that the bottom line will not be affected by the FCC and the Indicency Crackdown and all this other crap.
That's all I care about. Just show us the bottom line.
I've been telling the audience for years. We're not here to entertain. You were just here to squeeze as much money out of the public as we possibly can.
Just like that sign, you look up on the wall there right here, right up on the wall, right above the pictures of the grave robbers, our sales department.
And it says, just give us the ****ing money is what it says. That's the motto, not just of QAM, not just at Beasley Broad Chase Incorporation, but that's radio and that's television.
We're in business.
Well, we had a nice seven three share to remain in February. We'll take it.
WCMQFM, my God, that is just positively.
See, I think you I go out this afternoon. I'm going to buy every esponial oldie man's ever come down to pipe.
I think we're doing them good for broadcasting in the foreign country. Right. That's correct. I'd love to see the breakdown between Dayton-Broward Counties.
We can't do that till we get the final book in. I would I just can't wait to see the and Broward. I mean, a whole audience I think isn't.
People that we got listening in day.
And the ones we got in Broward, they're all packing up, getting ready to move up to a bokeh.
And those people are pushed, they're pushing them up the store enough.
The fact that you have already opened Jupiter and the Uranus. What is the border? The border of the St. Mary's River, the original territory. We're going to retake the whole thing.
Oh, good God. So I don't know whether I'm just spinning my wheels again. I have a feeling the answer is yes. Because nobody cares.
If the other broadcast is in this industry, including for real and some of the other people, if they were really pushing on that stop FCC campaign,
one little guy started in New York, one Howard Stern's listeners.
And if they were pushing away on it like I've been doing the last two weeks, he'd have two million signatures by now.
Instead of, you know, having to take out money to get an ads to promote it.
Look at that Florida 1497. We can't even get to 15,000.
We're 206 behind Texas.
And the grand total 138, 758, almost 140,000.
I mean, I give a lot of credit to this guy to get 140,000 signatures from all across the country with this one website.
In fact, if you take a look, because every time you click on it, it shows you the last five people assigned the petition where they're from.
Oakland, California, Demarist, New Jersey, Chester, Pennsylvania, Plymouth, Massachusetts, Shiloh, Jojo.
Maybe that's what I got on there from Pharrell Pluginist thing. Who knows.
But if some of these people with an national audience, if they would promote this thing just for a couple of days, then we could make a difference.
Then we could open some people's eyes and ears, get some attention. But no, because they've all got their own agenda.
And because the public is busy, you watch them when you're hurt. I'd like to see him hurt a lot.
And William hung. I'd like to see him hung too. I'm not talking about what you're thinking about either.
Don't think about the same thing.
Oh, bizarre hoax leads to strip searches.
Okay.
Holler convinces restaurant managers to strip search workers and customers.
All right.
This is great.
How is this done?
EEC news, so it might be true.
Restaurant managers across the country have been receiving strange phone calls from someone urging them to strip search employees or customers to see if they have stolen property.
The latest incident occurred last week in Arizona when a Taco Bell manager got a call from a man claiming to be a police officer who urged the manager to strip search a few days ago.
He's a female whom the caller said it stole in a pocket book.
Authorities said the mail manager pulled aside a 17 year old female customer who fit the description given by the caller and then carried out the search, which included a body cavity surgeon.
Oh, no.
Correct them. Jesus Christ.
We have a very bizarre situation occurring not only in Fountain Hills, Arizona, but across the nation.
A very bizarre scheme said sheriff Joseph Arpeo of Maricopa County, Arizona.
My detectives are working full-time on this investigation.
Investigators say there have been dozens of similar cases going back as far as 1999 involving Burger King, Wendy's, Applebees and other restaurants, Applebees.
In addition to Arizona, similar incidents involving both male and female managers conducting searches have been reported in Massachusetts, South Dakota, Indiana, Utah, Ohio, Arizona, Michigan.
I'm sorry.
No, a recipe had been made a connection with the calls in Arizona.
I mean, like that.
So somebody calls in and convinces the manager to strip certain workers and the customers claiming that they have stolen property on them.
What an idiot and what a lawsuit.
Yeah.
Oh, major, major loss.
Oh, man.
I mean, look at that South Dakota, Indiana, Utah, Ohio, Massachusetts.
Wow. What a list.
Somebody get my daughter to go to Wendy's.
I would never go to Applebees.
No.
I used to work there.
Did you really work in Applebees?
I used to wonder when I saw some sunrise, which one?
Uh, coral springs.
Oh, coral springs for I be.
Oh, no.
With all the punks and gangs up there in coral springs.
Yeah.
You were waiting for some of these.
Even the rumors, even the rumors got out of coral springs.
That's because they couldn't get any females there.
Waiter or cooker?
The waiter.
Yeah.
All right.
I, I don't know. Maybe I'm being unfair.
Maybe Applebees isn't all that bad.
That's not very good.
It's not.
It used to be a sponsor mine a long time ago, but that's long time ago.
Nevertheless, weak.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, let me ask you this.
If you were to compare the house of cakes.
Okay.
And there are that many open anymore.
But if the international house of pancakes against Applebees, which would you say was better?
I know.
That's why I picked that one.
Are there any's here?
Denies?
You know, this is tomorrow's poll.
Yeah, it is.
We are going to do like, we've done that.
I mean, like, when these nose places, I'm not going to do that fast food, but just places like, um,
sit down places.
Yeah.
I think I'll be like, uh,
really pancake house and, uh,
I don't know what to mention all of those.
Why?
Perkins is better than all the ones you mentioned.
Oh, Perkins is pretty good.
Now, what about, uh, what's that one?
Oh, gee, it's right over by me on sunrise.
They're the, uh, Huchi Kuchi one.
The Huchi Kuchi, not the black eyed P. They went on a business.
No, no, no, not black eyed P. No.
Huchi Kuchi would like, um, oh, geez.
Chilli.
Everything's got, huh?
Chilli?
Oh, that's the one.
See, I saw it.
Huchi Kuchi and he said, Chilli.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What a, Chilli is, uh, pretty large.
Chilli is the first aid, depending on what you get.
Yeah.
If you want beer and chips, definitely.
Chilli is great.
Yeah.
That's the cheese dip.
Uh-huh.
Swim it in.
Yeah, I told you to see everything's got cheese on it.
It's like, dots without the fancy seats.
So we'll do that tomorrow.
Get off all this heavy duty stuff.
How much we got on the, uh, uh, thing to stop FCC.us?
Just 1412.
Still the same 1412.
The last update on.
Oh.
You want to update me every 30 seconds.
Oh, yeah.
Hardass.
I want to see if we're getting any action on there, man.
This is a big undertaking.
That's what Richie Henry said.
Look what happened to him.
Now he's dead.
It's a gigantic undertaking.
Action.
That's what we want.
We're not getting it.
Hold on.
They're, they're driving me down now.
This is good.
See, they're getting even with me.
Not that I really care, but it's kind of amusing.
America's best radio talk show host.
Non-sports is neo-rodger still well in lead.
473, but only 61.
20%.
I'll see after I made the comment about 65% or less.
It would be a real shot to my ego.
I don't have any ego, but they took that seriously and they ran and voted for anybody else they could.
Howard Stern 104.
Phil Henry 48.
Randy Rhodes 44.
Phil is ahead of Randy.
Are you sure?
Al Franken for it.
Rush Limbog 24.
Al Franken 14.
And you know, if we don't, if we don't promote Al Franken, I'm going to be making a bad mistake.
You do understand that, don't you?
And your trader.
Right.
Oh, that guy just frosted my ass.
That was idiotic.
I mean, we're talking about a broadcast, you're okay?
You think Al Franken is going to decide the next election?
No.
No, I don't.
1447.
That's terrible.
Bill O'Rally had dozen.
Michael Savage speaking of terrible.
He's got nine.
He ought to be in jail.
Sean Hannity eight.
Scott Forell six.
Six for Scott.
He's moving up.
Todd Schnitt Scott five.
Art Bell four.
Dr. O'Rally three.
Alice Red tell three.
Don I miss three.
Ollie North two.
Tom Lekas has a pair.
And Gordon, let me find a guy one.
All right.
Let's hear it for the old mouse eater.
769 votes.
That's okay.
Knock me down to 50%.
Knock me down to 30%.
I don't really care about it.
Yeah.
I didn't do it for that purpose.
Trust me when I tell you.
I'm only here for one reason and one reason alone.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, 1400 and some on bucks of which we put in the thousands.
I, you know, I'd be inverse to put that total on the ears.
What I'd be.
When you.
That's the first day.
I understand that but it's already a quarter after one.
Were you Eric?
Listen.
You know what we went through to get that thing on there today.
You're gonna do summer solts, which is probably good for them.
But I mean, head to go through a jump through hoops.
To get that thing ready so people can get on there because all these people.
Well, when can we, we want to know.
Let us know what we can help.
I'm going to donate 100 bucks and I'm going to do this.
We're waiting for you.
Okay.
We're waiting.
We're selling right now.
I'm going to end my seat.
I'm peeing in my pants too right now.
Thank God they made it and coming to next Wednesday.
Stop FCC.us.
We made a nice and convenient for it.
There's a big fat link right there at the top on the arrangers.com.
Not stop FCC.com.
You already been doing that.
I'm talking about underneath that.
Stop FCC.us.
As in let's raise that money to put that at it.
Because if I'm telling you right now and I hope Eric is hanging on every word.
Because I don't want to give him a whole lot of work.
More than he's already done.
But if this ain't going to fly next couple of days then we'll just stop and give him right there money back.
Right?
Okay.
It's got to be done.
We have to do that because I can't.
We just in good conscience can't do that to people.
And maybe shouldn't have started the thing in the first place.
It's just that when you're going whole about something and feel strongly about it.
All right.
Everybody's behind you.
Yeah.
And you know, you start running and you look behind you.
They're behind you.
All right.
Well, we want 50 yards back up the road and they're turned in the other direction too.
We can take the little money we raise and buy whatever ad we can afford like classified in the herald.
Oh yeah.
We're going to waste people's money on a classified in the herald.
Yeah.
I know what you got in mind.
And it's got nothing to do with ads in the newspaper.
Oh, it's a good cause though.
Yeah.
Oh.
I'll let's see.
How much was that washer and dryer?
14 after one at five sixty.
It's a matter of fact.
I'll tell you what.
Let's auction off the washer and dryer.
The old one.
Oh, it's too late.
They took it.
We'll go on the beesle auction.
Start our own.
Yeah.
That's how we raise some money.
Let's see what I got around here.
Okay.
Got a pair of old headphones here that I don't use that aren't worth a crap.
How about you?
Five autographed them.
They'd be worth like $50,000.
Remember when Phil auctioned off your cigar butt?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Phil auctioned off my butt.
Yes, he did.
Got three digits for it.
I'll be dead.
Yeah.
One of them was for me.
Was this digit?
One fifteen at five sixty.
WQM, if you're in a dead end job like maybe working in a radio, get out.
Please, before it's too late.
Trust me what I tell you.
Do not get in this business, man.
It's a killer.
If you're underpaid, if you're overworked, if they treat you like crap,
here's the answer.
Get yourself some training and you don't have to have money to go to college and waste four years of your life.
All you have to do is make one easy call to fast train.
One, eight, six, six, fast train.
And I guarantee you by the time you get off the phone, you're already be smarter than Todd's wreck.
In fact, before you make the call, fast train can have you train and certified for a great high-paying computer network professional career
and a short time is four months.
That's true.
You can be fully trained and ready for that great new career in just four short months time.
Fast train offers day, evening, weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer job placement assistance financially to people who qualify and would seven convenient Florida locations to serve you.
There's about to be one fairly close by use.
So check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
Right after you make our donation to stop FCC.us, US, check them out at fast train.com
and then make that call that can really give you a new high-paying career and make your life worthwhile.
So you won't have to run around saying, I have no life.
Call them today at 1-866-FAST-TRAINS.
In mind and more, this is 420-560-2AM.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I'm going to use that bag now.
Because whenever people have looking the germs that match.
You feel your must-buoy frequency quality.

Your must-buoy numbers.
How do we trust you?
And there just as many, well, maybe not as many,
but there are a hell of a lot of silly liberals out there,
just like they're a silly conservators.
All the people are professionally on one side,
professionally on there.
This has got nothing to do with it.
And this may be a very, just like they got it,
was bitching me out for not supporting Al Franken.
I'll tell you right now, John Kerry,
when it comes to the issue of game marriage,
out to lunch, no balls.
When it comes to this issue, free speech, no balls.
So don't give me a son of dance about where all the people
over here, they're the good ones,
and these people are the evil doers.
While there's plenty of evil doers over there
on a far right, but the problem is that the other people
are weak need, they're jellyfish,
they're like your operations manager there,
the muffler lady.
Or I can't say that.
WQA, hello.
Morning, or good afternoon.
Yes sir, good evening.
Yeah, how are you doing, man?
I'm whipped up, I don't know why.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
Have you heard this thing from move on
of the Republican National Committee
is pressing the federal election commission
to issue new rules that would cripple groups
that dare to get you to get you know that?
Yes, because they're crappin', did you see today?
Today for example on CNN,
they've been writing that one ad where they're quoting Richard Clark
and they show Bush in there
and what a weak leader he is
and about how he wasn't involved in anti-terrorism
until it was too late.
They're showing that ad about 80 times already on CNN.
So anyway.
That's why they are right when there's a crappin'
in their pants because they realize
that move on in a lot of these other organizations
are gonna raise millions of dollars.
So what they're really saying is it's okay
for us to raise all of this money
and they have 200 million dollars to reelect this bozo,
but if you people find a way to do it, then that's bad.
Right, right.
So good luck to us, right?
No, but the fact that the matter is move on
is doing one hell of a job.
They're doing a great job.
And sure you.
Thanks.
Thanks, I'm sorry.
See, there's a guy that thinks we're doing something.
We got one.
We got one.
We got one what?
Yeah, we got one.
Oh, listen, I'm droppin' like a rock here on his pole.
We'll show you, Neil.
Well, when I care, am I gonna get paid anymore
if I get 70% if I got 100% doesn't make any difference?
No, but it's just when you watch the way
these people react and a whole behavior,
or course, keep in line the online thing too, you know?
Oh my God, the chat rooms.
Remember that fact we had a couple days ago
when they said what we need now is a chat room.
Oh my God, I just about chat when I read that.
They got plenty, go find your one.
Do you hear what I just said?
Yes.
That was CHAT.
And now this rich factor, you actually
fact that, okay, says love Randy,
but didn't wanna hear her show on AM.
Doesn't wanna, don't wanna hear it on XM, you're right.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Didn't wanna hear her show on AM.
Don't wanna hear it on XM.
I don't know what he means by that.
He just doesn't like you.
Listen to her.
Hey, listen, I wish you're all the best in the world.
And somebody's gonna be saying,
oh, when you're just jealous that she's on something
in a way, in a way I am.
Not jealous of her.
I don't be grudge or anything,
but I wish that I would have years ago
back before I was at the end of the line,
had a real agent that knew something about radio
and got me on nationwide.
I could have been a contender.
Every once in a while I think of that.
And then I look at my bank balance
and I say, who gives a crap?
Right.
Yeah.
Anyways, as you're right,
Frank is not a broadcaster.
Graffalo is too earnest, not funny.
And every time you, the spot,
are you stuck in a, something job,
I think of old poor George.
That is.
See, now you're starting to like him a little bit better.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Or maybe that's a shot, whatever.
Hey, George is doing okay.
He's scrambling, you know,
he's raising his six kids there.
Mm-hmm.
Four that his wife don't know about yet.
Put some on the way.
She thinks she's got you by the ball.
Wait till she finds out about those three in California.
Anyway, 26 past, well,
I listen, she deserves whatever she gets.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I have nothing against her.
And I don't know where I'll live.
But I, I have, I harbor a tremendous grudge
about what she did to you with a kid.
Yeah, that's true.
And then that call in Amsterdam,
I'm sitting in my apartment in Amsterdam
and I get this incoherent call from Little George, you there.
And about how am I going to be able to give him
my extra bonus that summer because I had done it
the previous year and the yada yada yada.
And then all of a sudden,
like in the middle of the conversation,
the whole conversation changes like,
well, you continue having a good time.
And I'm thinking, what is this man saying?
What languages is he somebody working to the room?
Yeah.
Well, you continue having a good time.
Yeah.
But he was announcing to me that all of a sudden
there was another baby on a way that I went.
Part of these things.
Yeah, wow.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Now that's what I was reaching for.
I'm not used to this.
Oh my God.
So when we used to have the fart noises down here
on the bottom bank, man,
can't play them fart noises anymore,
but we can certainly play.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
So I, that business about trapping somebody
into a life of wool and misery.
I'm well familiar.
I can miserable tremendously, OK?
Which is why being the checking out EGAY, you know.
So all those people that are always saying,
George is gay, you know, yeah.
And there are probably those moments when he only wishes.
Sure.
Yeah, especially like when he goes home.
I'm not a lie in local.
Here's for radio 560, you a UAM.
Americans, it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
While out one morning in the park,
a jogger found a brand new tennis ball.
And seeing no one around, it might belong to.
He slipped it into his pocket into his pocket in his shorts.
Like here on his way home, he stopped at the pedestrian crossing,
waiting for the lights to change.
A girl standing next to him, I the large bulge in his shorts.
What's that?
She asked her eyes cleaning with lust.
Tennis ball said the man.
Oh, said the girls sympathetically.
That must be painful.
I had tennis elbow once now page two.
A Chinese man arranges for a hooker to come to his room for the evening.
Once in the room, they undress, climb into bed and make love.
When finish, the Chinese man jumps up, runs over to the window,
takes a deep breath, dives under the bed,
climbs out the other side, jumps back into the bed with a hooker,
and commences to repeat his performance.
The hooker is impressed with the gusto of the second encounter.
When finish, the Chinese man jumps up, runs over to the window,
takes a deep breath, dives under the bed, climbs out the other side,
jumps back into the bed with a hooker, and begins again.
Hooker is amazed at this sequence is repeated four times.
I'll say it again four times during the fifth encounter.
She decides, I'll try this myself.
So when they're done, she jumps up, goes to the window,
takes a deep breath of fresh air dives under the bed,
and finds four Chinese men, Paul Harvey.
Good day. Good day.
132.560 WQ, I'm waiting to hear this.
This is a panic.
What began, remember we watched it the other day,
that Bush Beach and that kid in the audience,
yeah, on the stage behind him?
What began on David Letterman's lecture was a comedy,
but neatly present and Bush turned into a comedy of errors
when CNN incorrectly reported that the White House had cried foul.
Then Letterman apparently not getting CNN's message
that it made the mistake until he was well
and it was Tuesday broadcast, only heightened the confusion.
The whole thing started during a collection of video clips
Letterman showed Monday under the label George W. Bush
and figure rights America's youth.
One showed Bush at a march rally in Orlando,
standing at a lectern with several listeners behind him,
among them a boy and his early teens
who could barely stay awake.
While Bush spoke, the young man Yon twisted his head,
checked his watch, and generally seemed dead on his feet.
Tuesday morning CNN attempted to lighten its news move
by running the segment credited to CBS-LATURE
with David Letterman on its CNN Live Today program.
But then CNN host Darren Kagan added,
were being told by the White House
that the kid as funny as he was,
was edited into that video,
which would explain why the people around him really weren't reacting.
Later, during CNN's live from...
The truth was, the White House never complained
and the footage was real.
Are you ready for that?
I'm stunned.
I'm speechless.
I'm sitting here with my mouth again.
On Tuesday night Letterman aired
taken in Phillips, skeptical remarks, and branded an out-and-out,
100% absolute lie.
The kid absolutely was there,
and absolutely was doing everything
we pictured via the videotape.
So when you cast your vote in November,
you're just remembered the White House
who was trying to make me look like a dope.
Ha-ha-ha-ho, nice going, David.
But then CNN owned up to its own mistake
and placed it called Letterman's New York headquarters
before the 530PM taping began,
but the tape was already rolling
before Letterman got the word.
According to this, he said during the show
referring to an in-depth carton of his grasp,
CNN just phoned,
and the anchorwoman mistook.
They never got a comment from the White House.
It was a CNN mistake.
So then he wailed.
Now I've called the White House liars.
You know what that means.
They're going to start looking into my taxes.
Ha-ha-ha-ho,
though CNN's spokeswoman, Christina Robinson,
noted that we frequently air late night comedy show clips
on Thursdays she confirmed
the misunderstanding among our staff
surrounding the Yawning Boy video,
meanwhile, Kagan made an honor show of contrition.
Dave, we apologize for the errors she said,
offering to come on a show for a stupid human trick.
That's cute.
But the most important part of that whole story is
it was for real.
Oh god!
That was unbelievable.
And how many times have we seen that on CNN the last two days?
About 30,000.
About 30,000 was great.
Not enough.
Let's see, Frank says,
I see a major problem.
You were complaining earlier.
We're trying to keep from playing a bit
that bleeps out a word that isn't even there.
I think you missed the point of them saying not to play it.
The bleep itself represents something
dirty, nasty, sexual.
Basically, the thought police.
It has a bleep which is there.
No, Frank, you don't get it.
No, they don't want to plus the plate
without the good enough bleep.
See, even though there's nothing behind it,
he hasn't get it at all.
Another thought.
Remember, Alex Bennett, I don't either,
but I do remember he used to say the word cheesecaintes
that were 99% of us called women's privates.
So I said, if you want to, uh, okay.
Oh.
Hey, Frank, get some help.
Okay.
Before it's too late, please.
Here he says, I think that guy talking about Randy
on XM is talking about the All-American network itself.
It's on channel 167.
That's right.
That's what he was talking about, Gary.
I just wondered what he meant by.
He didn't want to listen to where I am.
And don't want to listen to where I'm there either.
I just don't want to listen to where.
That's rich factor for you.
Backstabber.
Anyway, Greg and Carl Springs would look to me on this fact.
Now, you got it.
They're still.
Yep.
I had a different name before.
Um, he white.
He did a little white out there and all of a sudden he became
Greg in Carl Springs.
You see underneath.
I think there's Steve or something under there.
But then it became Greg.
Correct.
It says, huh?
You're correct.
Deer Neil.
Last night, I tuned in to America on XM radio.
I had chosen.
It has chosen to carry a force to the broadcast.
As a lifelong liberal, I was hoping to hear a fast paced
funny and satirical presentation of world events
without the predictable reactionary swill of the company's
most talk radio today.
Swill.
When I heard was Dullin boring.
Right.
I that Al Franken thing, man.
He is just ponderous.
It could not hold my interest.
I think you're absolutely correct when you say that liberal
neurocasting radio won't find much of an audience with liberals.
I think we need a more eclectic midst of programming.
And Neil Rogers for a benefit of Susie of Spirational.
He bar interest.
The Bob, there's one word.
Greg or whatever your name is that needs to be thought of all the time
and that is entertaining.
It has to be entertaining.
Rushes obnoxious as I find him.
He is listened to by all of these people because they find him
entertaining.
Even the ditto heads is that whatever you say, Rush,
what they find him entertaining.
He's a showman.
He'd be the first one to tell you that.
It says, well, it was only the first day I'm going to give him some time.
Even though your criticism seemed right on point,
maybe they can find a way to make liberal talk radio work.
Anyway, while I was still on XM last night,
I thought I would tune in my old buddy Phil Henry on the next channel.
Guess what?
XM has replaced him with Michael Savage.
Isn't that I run it?
Oh my god.
Michael Savage, who was the only person even farther to the right than Phil
they could come up with.
You know, okay.
Wow.
Michael Savage.
How he can be on the air anywhere is just astonishing to me.
Amazing.
How's that pull?
And we did we put Michael Savage on our pull?
Yeah, we did.
We put them all on there.
If there are on any states that's over 10 Watts that anybody knows the callers of.
Which is why Mr. Ego is not on there.
And his 10th and the sick offense tomorrow morning.
Oh, Steve Neil Rogers wouldn't put you on that pull because he's afraid of you.
Right.
Right.
I sure wish I had all those funny body parts.
We could start working on him.
America's best talk radio host non-sports is Neil Rogers.
531.3% not that good.
Not that strong.
Drop it like a rock.
Howard Stern, 113.
Randy Rhodes, 55 Phil Henry, 54.
That's the battle right there.
Nick and that knows to those.
It was this before after she got the nose job.
Oh, I forgot all about that.
Rush Limbox 24.
It'll be picking on Randy.
See it always comes out, man.
Always you deny you deny that all of a sudden like when you're.
I said I forgot all about it.
Right.
Bad.
Bad nose job.
It was bad.
She looks so bad.
Rush Limbox 24, Al Franken 15.
He only did one show.
He's already got 15.
He's the best talk show host in America.
He ain't even.
He's even better than Francisco Arruca.
Oh, Francisco Arruca.
Francisco Arruca is the best radio show on him.
What what what time is he on?
I don't know.
She had only known.
He should have known that he was.
He was coming even better.
Bill O'Reilly 12.
Bill O'Reilly is right on Al Franken's butt, which is kind of interesting.
See, and that's another thing Al Franken ought to keep in mind is that.
Bill O'Reilly is not the issue.
I know he's got this personal battle with him going back and forth.
The only people who care about Bill O'Reilly are the right wing lunatics that watch Fox Network
news.
His radio show don't have enough listeners to fill a phone booth in any market.
He can't even put a dent in Rush's one of Rush's oxypills.
Okay, much less into his ratings.
But somebody auto-explain these things.
Michael Savage has got 11.
Scott Forell's got 11.
He's moving up the list.
Tron handy eight.
Todd the Schmidt Meister has got seven.
What do you say?
Art Bell seven.
Alice Rantell's got four.
She's got four.
Let's see what an Alice Rantell, Charlie Christ and the mic, Mark Foley.
Don I'm his four.
Dr. O'Reilly three.
Tom Lackis three.
Ollie North two.
And G Gordon Litties still got one.
It's kind of ugly thing.
879 votes so far.
How we making progress on the thing?
Got an update now?
How much are we up to two grand?
Not a reason.
How about we are close?
Oh, we'll take a look at it.
Take a look at it.
That was a while ago.
1547.
Oh, it's so slow, man.
1547 and 1,000 of that is you and me.
If a piker like George, and I really mean this,
if he can afford to donate 100 bucks because he feels
stronger than ever about the cause,
it wants to help out.
What's the rest of your story, huh?
In South Florida where they got more money than
Carter's got pills.
I'm not talking about the shleppers out there.
We understand.
And if you can afford a couple of bucks,
that would be nice if not.
We do understand.
But I'm talking about the people with the serious bucks.
Cut it loose, baby.
Cut it loose.
When in doubt, reaching that pocket,
get that walled up and yank out that visa
and master card in American distress and get with it.
19 till two.
The mad dog coming along at two.
He's pissed off.
My life is low.
And low quality of mold.
This is for 20 or five sickening.
You weigh a few, eh?
What word did you say?
Explain.
I'm thinking now that I've only one thing
Taylor, love, don't forget about your God
We've got a love we're all hoping and saying
You've got a love we won't attack us so long
You've got a place for small creatures
You say 9 or 11 is what they've got you to believe
Can't get any government that don't own party culture to believe
You believe what they say like they're falling
I'm thinking now that I've only one thing
The story of a snake to the cold
We're true of the election law
We've got a push and scour it game
We've got a tetra manionist
We've got a...
146 at 560 you want you mad as we got him at 2
We've got Joseph Gackie at 4 you want him?
No.
He's coming anyway
Nothing more to turn Joe from his appointed rounds
And you know what?
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
Okay
Fighting words now, somebody called us about this yesterday
And I hadn't heard this story and here it is now
Former Notre Dame great Paul Horning
Who's a real f***ing cool
May have landed in some hot water when discussing how the Irish, the Notre Dame football team, can improve their fortunes
Horning told he towards AM 1270, the sports station WXYT
I still, it hurts me even to say that
Yeah, he told us
Because it used to be WXYZ
That would be like WABC, New York Changing their colors to WABANNATH
I mean
Anyway, he told the sports station on Tuesday that Notre Dame must ease up on its economic restrictions
Because we've got to get the Black Athlete
We must get the Black Athlete if we're going to compete
Horning said the Notre Dame schedule factors into his opinion
You can't play that type of schedule Horning said we're playing eight bull teams next year
And it's always you and in your round one of the toughest schedules
You can't play a schedule like that unless you have the Black Athlete today
You just can't do it
It's very, very tough still to get in the Notre Dame
They just don't understand it yet they want to win
Now I think they do understand it Paul
Horning also added that Notre Dame, which in January signed a new five-year agreement with NBC to televised its home football games
Probably will lose the contract worth about $9 million annually if the school doesn't start winning more games
Last season Notre Dame finished at five and seven the third losing season in five years
Something that had never happened in the story of the program touched down to Jesus
The losing season contributed to low ratings on NBC just 2.4 rating per game
tied with 2001 for the lowest in the schools 13 years on the network
Horning is the only husband trophy winner to play for a losing team
It's 56 Notre Dame went 2 and 8
And then of course he went on to fame with a green Bay Packers can we say that?
And it had a little gambling problem, little booze problem, little female problem
No, several problems
But anyway, what an idiot
So basically what he's saying is that we must lower the academic standards because you black folks are they're stupid
And if we're gonna let the black athletes to play here we got to lower the standards so we can let all the stupid blacks in there
That's what he's saying
Now how come he doesn't get fired from whatever he's doing?
Is he doing anything?
No
Oh that's why
He makes Jimmy the geek look like I mean that was so sad what they did to Jimmy the geek and all these other guys
You know they tell the truth they speak what's really their mind
Oh no you can't say that
Who would have been ripping well why even going to it speaking of dummies
President Bush
You remember him don't you?
Oh that guy
The guy that was making the speech while I kid in Orlando was fidgeting and going to sleep
Yeah
Now that I know that that was for real I got to see that again I mean I gotta own it
Oh yeah
Because I kept saying to you I think this is for real
No it's real
No I said I don't know
It was for real
No matter if I keep an aerial sure own called and said Israel
President Bush he would have had another big victory of these social conservatives who make up his most loyal basis political support
Decided on a elaborate ceremony decided law legislation expanding legal rights of the unborn
The unborn victims of violence act makes it a crime to harm a fetus during a assault on a pregnant woman
Bush was signing the bill which took five years to get through it on through Congress today in a Rose Garden
People on both sides of the fetal rights and abortion issue have said the new law will have far reaching consequences
Abortion opponents welcome it is a step more sweeping toward more sweeping protections for the unborn
While abortion rights proponents say the measure represents the first recognition of federal law of an embryo or fetus as a person separate from the woman
Senator John Kerry scary said he voted against the bill
The fetus bill we don't care about you people who are alive and all those people that are dying over there in Iraq needlessly on this war based on lies
Well, that's not so good the fact that the early times pool shows that more people by far believe Richard Clark than Condoleez and all these other great robbers and yet
And yet they still think he's doing a good job on fighting terror that be like voting for the bullet train but not for the funding for it
And who would do that?
The bullet train
Yeah, that was a big call bullet train. I don't know bullet train. Is it?
No, I don't think so. How could that not be in my DCS? I thought I was like all right up today
I've been working frantically and feverishly where the hell is that?
Full of train. Oh, I haven't put those in there yet. Well, I'll play it
Momentarily
10 before to how's that pull coming?
61.2% just hanging out of that 60 point plus the thing
America's best radio talk show host non sports talk neo-roger's 555 61.2% just hanging on by a thread
Howard Stern 120 Randy Rhodes 58 Phil Henry 57 Rush Limbaugh 24 Al Franken 17 after only one show
I bet she's got 34 tomorrow
The next day 126th and after that. That's a one you think? No
Bill O'Reilly 12 Michael Savage and Scott for well got 11 Sean Hannity's got eight
Todd snits got seven Art Bell's got seven
Don I miss five Alice Ren up at for a dead guy Alice Ren tell four Dr. Laura for Tom like his three
Oli North two and Gordon Litties still got that same one that he had before
What was it been or let's know all about ten minutes?
Sure, I'll just take the bullet train
Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet train
Thanks to your well-researched landslide vote
Bullet train
Why just take the Montereyl for some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day
Where you can explore the tropical battery are reeds made entirely of Kilbong
Hold up confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet train
We travel information on the Florida bullet train call wait a minute
Wait
How come every time I hear that I have the same reaction because it's a panic yeah because there's a lot of
Little stupid people out there
Let's hop right on it man all aboard like Chris uh moron to say hot dog hop aboard remember him
Yeah, maybe don't bring Chris moron back just to piss off guilty to do the Panther games next season
Chris, there won't be any games so it'd be pretty good doing that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound I'd not take any more calls. I want to concentrate on these great ratings
Oh, we got a thing here enough. What's that where to go?
15 47
Wait 15 97
15 97 this just I know what else I want to do before we leave
Yeah, I talk about WCM QFM because it seems to me and I could be wrong and I sure as hell hope so you know how every now and end like when they first change format on
Planet
Yes, and it went through the roof and what was the one and every one of these FM's they get a format change in for like two or three months
Zoom and they go, you know, and it becomes like a thing and what about the uh?
What was the disco thing they tried on there too before am I be right on uh on what used to be she
Right, but then it was it was planet and then it was something else and mix stuff
Yeah, it's not mix but mega now there it is it was smegma all I can't say that it was wm e g
something like a smegma radio and
And then now it's m i b so they like you're real hot for like two or three months and then they're cool down
So I think we need to be all that concerned about them, but quit listening to it
Anyway stop at cc.com and I can't get it up here now. Uh, oh, we just did it
I was gonna say we need only four more signatures on there to get to 15,000 for florida 15,000 and six and I'll tell you
We've done I think the people have done pretty well with that. I'm usually saying oh you're not doing good enough
But I I'm pretty proud of the fact that just through this one show and Jim Phillips up there in Orlando
And maybe a couple of other people that may be plugging it around the state
We've been able to get that thing really goose up there
It had 1700 florida signatures on it where we first discovered it
And I think the people have signed on there and email all their friends and all other
Relatives and enemies and neighbors around the state. I think they've done a beautiful job. Haven't you?
Indeed
Now think it just do the same on stop fcc.os
Click on that on our website and whip out their visa mastercard or american distress
And come up with I mean
Grant be something between two and a thousand dollars. I mean you can donate three bucks
You know a three-hour bill which I think a lot of you can relate to
Or 999
So I'm gonna toss in another nine something to brother and the Georgia's put in a hundred
I'm just gonna say it again if a guy like George is making like 50 cents an hour with two kids and a wife to feed
If he can donate 100 bucks, what?
House of disaster sliding glass torches broke right and a washer dryer break that I had to buy
I'm a brand new one because of the fact that it was a schlepper
I mean and he could donate a hundred bucks in the rest of your life like that
To a really good cause and how proud we'd be man when we had that add in the newspaper in USA today
And when all of us sit in the next day we start seeing the signatures coming in by the crap load on stop fcc.com
And when we get those whipped up and let me say it again, which I should say this more often
Because Scott who's behind that petition driving on a fabulous job. He's got that new link on there
Use our letter generator to send a letter to your senators
So after you sign a petition click on to that and you fill out your name and address and then click on which state you live in
And you zip code and just click it says generate letters for me to mail and it'll mail letters automatically to your two
It's a Graham and the bill Nelson if you live in Florida or whatever state you live in if you're listening on the internet
It's a beautiful thing. Nice go on Scott. I don't know if he's listening to us or not probably not
But I just think that guy's fantastic
So we had like a few people like him in every state. We'd kick some ass, you know what?
We'll have to leave that to the goddess like it
1617 see over 16. How do we we're gonna get there see see how easy he likes to give up Josh
Yeah, he was giving it up there
No, and you know I was coming from because Eric especially he said oh, it's so hard to refund people's money with these deals at all
Whoa, you know, and he's been working his brains off which isn't saying much
But he's been working like crazy to put that thing together and get it on there for us today
Thanks again, Eric man. You are unbelievable. You're you're something else. I can't say it on the air anymore
But you really are something else. I'll tell you who's something else the mad dog Jim Madditch. He's coming up right after the
Whatever we do at the top of the hour and then Joseph Gaffey at four and we apologize in advance
This is the amazing Gilbert
