What are we gonna do now?
What are we gonna do now?
Alright!
Sometimes I feel, it's a lot of pressure to be by.
Sometimes I feel, the people don't have a smile.
The women listen to your shows, you can love like a sharp.
The women listen to your shows, you're just a ray.
She was a model, a ten on the scale.
Was a fine teacher, her methods were held.
The world was her oyster, but Debbie got nails.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Absolutely.
Her lover was 14, with sits on his face.
The chauffeur was 15, he drove him all over the place.
Shame on you Debbie, a newlywed disgrace.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
She is a drop dead gorgeous blue-eyed angel,
who likes them middle school boys.
They were her toy, and a back seat came her defeat.
Won't ever be teaching.
She'll now be a vamp.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Oh my God!
Talk shows and comics all over the screen.
They're talking about Debbie and her young teen.
Butterfly tattoos with some Chinese in between.
That is why this teacher is a tram.
She'll make a million on her first book.
The TV movie will have us all hooked up.
Her 14-year-old lover, he made her a crook.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Larry King, Leno Moriel Pratt, she'll be doing those shows.
That's the life she chose.
She's loose, but I food.
Sweet Debbie LaFaye, please heed your call.
Please won't you teach me?
I'll arrange the grant.
Okay.
Come on baby, please be my tram.
Title 4, 560 WQM, Happy Tuesday, July 13th.
Yes, Paul, you took yesterday.
I just got too much stuff on my plate, as they say.
I don't have any of the blue de costados.
Magnet infested cheese.
Now what is that?
Magnet infested cheese?
We didn't believe a lot of these things, so we had to verify them.
Josh, Google them and dot-com.
I love these cheese.
There they are.
With recipes and pictures and all that.
George asked, what's the grossest food that people actually eat?
Blue de costados, Magnet infested cheese, 202.
Now you tell me that all blue cheese is infested with maggots?
No, that's not blue cheese.
What is it?
It's maggot cheese.
Faggot cheese?
Well, you'll tell us about that, I'm sure.
Or maggot cheese, in other words, you're talking about something you came out of Josh Friedman's
Pupik.
Plus Santa 180, although I understand it more like that.
Absolutely.
People, 148, they're eating people.
Or Bokehburg is one of the other.
Rats 86, monkey brain 78, head cheese 61.
To me, that would have been my vote.
Oh, God.
Oh, I look at it.
You know, when you walk into a deli and you see it in the counter?
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, head cheese.
Eight, no plus.
I'm back in the day.
I might say something about that.
But I'm going right along.
Dogs 48.
By the way, my mother had my little dog killed when I lied to me about it for years.
Skippy.
Poor Skippy.
Rocky Mountain Roaster 47.
Balloon fertilized duck eggs 46.
You filled the fish 42.
Now, why did that get on there?
People called it in and I didn't want to put it on and then somebody else called it and
said, uh, stick it on there.
Or we got a fact.
You're filled the fish is just whitefish.
There's not a way it's whitefish and pike.
There's nothing this pike rams with.
I thought it was going to be 32.
Viper urine soup 32.
Although Josh Beckett is a.
He's got a taste for it.
Blood sausage 24 eyes 22 liver 22.
Chitlin's 18 cow tongue 18.
Well, what about just tongue in general?
All right.
Can't 16.
Tried 15.
Scramble seven and Vienna sausage six.
And why is Vienna sausage on there?
I don't know.
I argued with that guy.
I love Vienna sausage.
I could go for a can right now.
Yeah.
And what about what's the other stuff in the can?
Fam.
Right.
Oh, that should have been on there.
I don't like it unless it's fried with cheese.
Anyway, that was the poll George took yesterday.
But the one that I really want to talk about at Great Lank.
Maybe for a couple of a hundred days is the one you took on Friday.
I was in here early on Friday.
It's tapping out some stories for Eric and Josh there because I don't know.
I guess because I was going away for the weekend in Niagara Falls.
By the way, I'm sitting at the Fallsview Casino Niagara Falls outside.
In the parking lot area waiting for the bus.
The coach handed a bus to bring me back after losing my ass.
And I'm sitting there with a friend and all of a sudden.
There's a car turning into parking lot about 50 yards away.
And a girl I'd say like maybe 20.
I sure we need wasn't paying much attention.
Sixer head out the window and says, isn't that the erudgers?
And then before I could like react by waving or give a flipping or off or anything else.
Away they went and I saw the Florida license tag and there they went.
So yeah, that was me.
What are the odds of that?
I don't know, 50, 50.
Now seriously, what are the odds of that happening?
First of all, what are the odds of my sitting out there waiting for a bus?
And it was just it was really a bizarre thing.
It was a happening.
But anyway, which game should be made into a pro sports wise?
I'm looking on the pole that you're taking and I look at it and I thought,
what is this all about?
And so I opened a pot and listened for five minutes,
which I never ever do for five minutes.
And I'm going to tell you, George and Josh there were having the greatest time in their lives.
And of course the phones were ringing off the hook like we're giving away $100.
I promised every caller.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Which game should be made into a pro sport and I will probably tell this audience that.
Let's see the only ones on here I've heard of are a spin the bottle of course.
Ultimate frisbee.
Fuzball air hockey those are the only ones in here I think I've ever heard of in my life.
I mean knife chicken.
Guard the pin.
How about how about guard the min pin?
I'm a Jewish in your neighborhood and all those stories that you tell.
Bloody knuckles never had anybody chicken.
Monkey bar fighting you fox ball.
You know these guys just not a ball.
No, I don't know these.
They're called please.
Tether ball.
The ball on a rope.
Steer down contest.
Burn ball.
Ass.
Burn what what is that?
They had to tell me about that one.
King of the hill.
Thumb wrestling.
Pencil fighting.
Never heard of thumb.
Paper football.
Oh, this is a beautiful thing.
So anyway with the tremendous response, George had a nut.
I figured I went right to the edge of my balcony and kind of played a jumping.
But then if I'm not, why the hell bother?
Why haven't we used the time?
You know, with my luck, I'd probably catch my leg on the legend.
You broke it.
I've heard you say.
Yeah, that's what I always say.
Anyway, we got some heavy duty stuff on our website now.
How about that boys and girls before we get into this?
People here's a real.
The case anybody doesn't know that and David Ross also was a real.
Cool over there at Cheap Channel.
Who are you people kidding?
Who are these people kidding anybody?
Another one of these open up a pot and put a bunch of crap on it.
In fact, they're even taping the goddess on there.
Tape on here.
From the day before.
So it's going to be really timely.
Not.
Oh, it's just, it just makes my teeth ache.
Thinking about what these people do.
They got that 50,000 watt signal.
And just in the middle of the night, all of a sudden on Sunday night.
Oh, we're a W.I.N.C again.
Super stupid talk.
Haven't we already been there once before?
Several times before many incarnations of that, including Rick and Suds.
Stupid talk.
And we got Air America.
Baby, we got Randy on tape in case you missed it the day before.
We got Al Franken who understands about his exciting is listening to milk curdle in a glass.
We got this Yahoo guy, Ed Schultz in the afternoon, who is on at about six little tiny markets
like Geneva, New York and Amarillo, Texas, places like that, that nobody ever heard of.
And then we got more tapes of the goddess.
And then we got you Nengarapelo at night.
Oh, we'll get into that.
It just makes me sick to my stomach the whole.
I mean, if they were to put something good on there, we would appreciate it.
We'd like it, even though it might be competition, but this is just so lame.
I mean, are you people crazy or what?
Just keep shuffling the deck and of course, whatever, whoever they had on Fox Sports,
which was a piece of crap anyway, but whoever they had on there who was on live,
forget about that.
So keep channel continues syndicating every radio station in America,
everyone just open up a pot and put somebody on who doesn't have any idea where you know
anything that relates to your life, they don't know anything about it.
It's just a tragic.
Anyway, let's do the first poll today before we talk about the boobies on our website
and all of that good stuff in County, Selica.
Here's the first poll because the second one later is going to take a long time.
I don't even I haven't even thought about the second one, but I think it's a good one to take.
In fact, maybe they had some of that the blue coast stands or whatever, Mitch,
could stand.
Would the Bush people try to postpone the election if they feared losing and who's the one guy
who's been telling you for a long time that there might not be an election?
There you go.
How many months have I been saying that?
You sure are for any.
If they get far enough behind or nothing would supply,
wouldn't put anything past this crop.
We'll see if the audience agrees.
Would the Bush people really try to postpone the election if they feared losing?
Four choices.
Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power.
Why not?
They stole the first election.
Know they're too honest for that or know they'll win honestly.
In other words, they don't have to do it.
They don't have to postpone it because they're going to win any.
Right.
Do they leave anything off of there?
Sounds like it.
Sounds like a wiener to me.
And the second poll we're going to take starting at 11.
And boy, I got a lot of crap here.
A lot of heavy duty stuff, including.
Some important people died over the weekend.
What restaurant anywhere in the world outside of South Florida is the best?
You know what I put outside of South Florida?
We've done that a million times and we don't.
Plus it's that terminator.
It's the middle of the summertime people are traveling.
Maybe if they go to some place you've been, they might want to check it out.
Right?
So stop and think about that.
Because I like Niagara Falls.
What does that mean?
What's a good restaurant in Niagara Falls?
So when I go there to jump?
Oh, for my birthday.
Yeah, that poor brother that she was trying to jump, they wouldn't let her jump.
She probably had a bad day at the spot.
Huh?
Maybe she had some frog sit down next to her machine.
She just got through a plane and went in for a grand.
Like, I had happened to me.
Oh, brother.
You watched that video like a hundred times or so?
No, I saw it three or four times.
Said it looked to you like the one of the firemen was smacking the crap out of her
because she was resisting them.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, what's wrong with that?
No, it's not.
He was saving her life.
What's wrong with it?
I just thought it was just that mirror.
Is he just wailing on her?
Yeah, he was saying cut the crap bitch and come back up here and make me look like a hero.
10-13 at QAN.
RIDE AND LOCAL!
RIDE AND LOCAL!
You sports video 560, QAN.
QAN.
Now, were you drudged back in?
No, no.
In video stores, everywhere.
From the people who brought you the frugal gourmet cooks with wine.
It's the frugal gourmet cooks with boys.
Oh, oh, yes.
The frugal gourmet cooks Italian.
Hey, little man.
Something that we saw is it for you.
The frugal gourmet cooks Chinese.
Today, we're going to make some young guy.
And of course, the frugal gourmet cooks Greek.
Oh, yes, it's your warm and fuzzy old friend.
The frugal gourmet, like you've never seen him before.
He may be frugal with his money, but not with his sauce.
The frugal gourmet cooks with boys.
Only 1995.
Give video store near you.
And don't forget, coming next fall, it's the frugal gourmet cooks with malt liquor.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You need to hide, you need to see like the heart of the sky
Keep on moving on, you need to hide
We finally got a piece of the pie
You need to find the kitchen, I've been no bird on the grill
Just a whole lot of charahena, I just forget I'm happy
Now we're up in the big leagues, give it my turn as well
As long as we live, it's you and me, baby
Ain't nothing wrong with that forever moving on now
You need to hide, you need to hide
You need to hide, you need to hide
Go hoping on now, you need to hide
We finally got a piece of the pie
I'm sure you spent a lot of time talking about boats, Jeff Smith, the Frugal War May, and Isabelle Sanford dying
Hours, both of them, I mean, wait, no, neither one
Neither one, you didn't talk about Isabelle Sanford about WEEZY?
I said that for you
Oh, you were heartless, bastard, you
I'mma just play that the whole day on her
That gotta be one of the five or ten top shows of all time
We'll do that pull again one of these days soon, like maybe Thursday
All in the family and the Jefferson's
Is there any doubt about it?
Yeah
There is?
Yeah, I don't like Jefferson as much as you do, but I do like him
You don't like the Jefferson's?
I do like him
Oh, not as much as you do
Why is that?
It's just not as funny as I think you think
Okay, whatever you say, and by the way for the Jefferson's fans, even though what your name is good
Isabelle Sanford, Florence, the maid, what's that her name Florence?
Whatever I don't know what the woman, the anchors, what her name is, but she's about a hundred years old now
And she's Aunt Irma on passions the last couple of weeks
She's making one of those cameos like Ruth Buzzied last year, and we got Aunt Irma on there
You slight, you trial up you a whore, she's great
Anyway, Jeff Smith, the whiteboard administrator, became public television's popular fruity approval gourmet
Before a sex scandal, Roondis Carveur died on Friday, he was 65
Mr. Smith died on his sleep Wednesday, he had long suffered from heart disease, and had a valve replaced in 1981
In the 60s, Mr. Smith, a United Methodist minister
Did you know that?
No, I do not
We began teaching the course at the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma titled Food as Sacrament and Celebration
Eventually got his own program on local PBS affiliate cooking fish creatively, and his career took off with an appearance on Phil Donahue's talk show
The fruity gourmet became the nation's most watched cooking show, it was a good show, you did watch it, I'm sure
No
And a series that, no, the only reason I watch this is because he did a lot of shows in Italy
Oh, that was phenomenal, a lot of Italian food too
And a series of a comedy cookbooks broke sales records for the category, it was Noah Ironschef
But in 1997, seven men filed a lawsuit alleging they'd been sexually abused by Mr. Smith as youths
Six said the abuse of cream while they worked for him at the Chaplin's pantry, a restaurant he operated in Tacoma in the 70s
If you can't get molested in the pantry
The seventh alleged Smith abused him after picking him up as a hitchhiker in 1992, he denied the allegation whenever charged with a crime
And he's survived by the way by his wife Patricia and two sons
He had a wife, you know?
And then again, Isabelle Sanford, forget about the fruity gourmet
About some of the George even knows, like, you know, looking better than her, smear the queer
Although Sherman Hemsley's on the show, that's probably why you didn't like it
Mighty Cohen, buddy was funny
Actress Isabelle Sanford, best known as Weezy
Louise Jefferson on the television sitcom The Jefferson Start of Natural Causes
Her publicist said yesterday she was 86
That's old enough
See, I don't have to worry about Sanstuff like that anymore
No, I think that's why my mother made it to 91 and then she kind of liked it parted
Because I always said, well, 90's old enough, she, I'm going to show you, I'm going to show you a thing or two
And she made it to 91 and then bye-bye
There's anybody who wants to hear more about the funeral
The only thing I will tell you is that I got a report, did not go
But I got a read, I'm glad I didn't go
Just if for no other reason this part
They still do the barbaric thing, I guess it's a Jew thing
Where they lower the casket into the ground and then everybody who's there attending has to take this shovel
And put a shovel full of dirt over the casket
I mean, if that isn't sick, if that isn't barbaric and just gut-wrenching
I guess the idea is to give you the most for your money, right?
I guess, little interocity
The most misery and the most grief and the most shrying and carrying on
I don't know, they should shave some cost off of the funeral if you're doing it there
As a matter of fact, another good reason that I wasn't there is if I would have taken a shovel and gotten a shovel full of dirt
I would probably not have thrown it on the casket
Because there were some people there well
Sanford died Friday at Seederside at Medical Center
Where she had been hospitalized since the 4th of July her daughter Pamela Ruff was at her side
Her health had waned after undergoing preventive surgery on a neck artery 10 months ago
Sanford co-starred with Sherman Hemsley 75 to 85
Ten years it was on her, you don't like it
Okay, I don't like it
On the Jefferson's, it's been off of the property series all in a family
Well, I don't understand what is not to like it
I like it, I like it
I think you've been reading too much time zikolaylee
You said all of the family and the Jefferson's are the two best shows ever
That's not what I said, I said time the top 5 or 10
Okay
That's my personal, that's my personal take along with flipper
I'll put it in top 10
In 1981 Sanford became the first black woman to receive an Emmy for the best actors in the comedy series for her work on a Jefferson's
Isabel was our queen
And that's what we called her on the show said, Maria Gibbs
Oh, there you have Maria Gibbs is who's on passions this week
Thank you, who played the Jefferson's maid Florence
Gibbs said that even before the hit sitcom Sanford's comedic talents were evident during acting auditions
Isabel would come in and just light up the room and start telling stories everybody would be in stitches Gibbs said
Sanford and native New Yorker was joined by Jefferson's creator Norman Leard others in January
When she received a star in a Hollywood walk of fame and at great that before she croaked they did something good for
Nice going, you go Isabelle
We have a moving owner
I don't care what George says, I'm actually even Josh likes the Jefferson's
Yes, pretty good
He's not going to go overboard because then you won't be talking about Shmir or the queer in the foosball again no more
On our beaten curtain today we got some heavy-duty stuff man, I'll tell you that
We got not only Connie Celica
Now we don't know what time that picture went up yesterday the Q&A booby trap
No
But it is the dog days of summer you can't even walk outside because of the smoke and the all-out of the crap especially in Dave County
So as a result we want to give you something to occupy your time
Keep you busy
Keep you off the streets, keep you out of trouble
It's a pubic service
I guarantee they won't be doing that on air America
Wow
That's right, they have a few boobies on air
They won't be doing this
Underneath the picture of Connie Celica who's today's beaten curtain lead
That's a good picture too
From quite a while back then good in the sequenzion old bag
Underneath that you've got, wait a minute, it's got to download each time
Excuse me, it's a program
You got to do a whole program
It only takes a couple of seconds and it's well where there they are
Now if they look at it they see all the boobies on there I mean that'll be a good start
No, that's just for starters
Touch on, touch on play with them
What you do is you take your cursor and you just take your mouse out of the house
And you scroll it right along a booby lane there
It's the Q&A booby trap, look at that
And the faster you scroll it, the faster you move your mouse
The more you actually get for the speak
There you go
And we also still have on there, I asked Josh, he didn't have the clue
We got about three or four pictures, is that a leftover holdover from Paige Davis?
Huh?
Paige Davis
I guess I don't know
The three or four pictures that are there between the booby trap and the rest of the students penis
There's a bunch of pictures where she's like playing grab ass and doing ass to ass
And then you go back to the booby trap and move your mouse around again a little bit
There she is
Yeah, Paige Davis, because the inquire or one of those magazines had these pictures
But you know how they put the oops star over the top of the part they don't want you to see
So I found pictures without the star obscuring her butt
So we got plenty to keep you busy and they keep you off the street
Here's the early result on our first poll today
Would the Bush people try to postpone the election if they feared losing?
Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power out of 131 votes so far, 72 said that
Why not? They stole the first election 44 good point
No, they'll win honestly 13 and no, they're too honest for that too
So you put those two together and got about 11%
11 and a half
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM with the best pizza in town or your money back
That's the guarantee you get from Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot
That's correct, the guarantees you'll be thrilled with the food it pizza off
And is so sure you're going to love his pizza three different kinds by the way
That he will guarantee his pizza is the best in town or give you your money back
I bet you the rumors are going to be taken up on that for lunch today before they leave town
That's right, the best pizza in town or your money back
After 27 years in South Florida, pizza lot is in the reputation for quality food and service
Probably on expectations
Jeff's inviting you to stop by pizza lot today
Take him up on that offer for the best pizza in town
I guarantee you I'll bet Jeff highs life on it
They become one of pizza lot regular customers and becoming back again in the game
Because they give you fresh delicious goodies, big portions, everything is cooked to order
And the prices are so teeny and tiny you can go back over and over again
They now offer your balanced for life zone diet menu items as well as whole week pizza and whole week pasta
Pizza lot, your fight them in the same location they've been going strong for years and years now
They're on university drive between 595 from Riffin Road
Just a mile south of 595 and they're open every day, seven days a week for lunch and dinner
Tons and tons of reparking, they deliver to most of Southwest Broward too
For take out delivery in catering call the world famous pizza lot at 954 916 888
That's 954 916 888
Pizza lot, some of your money back guarantee
My life and local, this is 4356
You A-A
I'm the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
There one hit song contained a simple message but was it accurate?
They were D-Light
I think it's pretty off he hits don't you? Where is the groove?
Groove is in the heart
But there are those who disagree with the groove location assertions of D-Light's lead singer
Well I'll tell you where the groove is
The groove is in my cottage cheese ass
No way the groove happens to be in the groin area
Oh police, I couldn't put a groove in your groin with electrodes
What the hell do you know about where the groove is anyway?
I happen to have a postgraduate degree in group studies from Columbia
Oh excuse me Mr. degree in groove studies
Get your gloves off of the groove
We may never know for sure just where the groove is located
Perhaps it will turn up with those weapons of mass destruction
It's a big juicy stopping lit look at show business tonight
On inside the behind
271181 votes on here already look at that
Would the Bush people try to postpone the election if they fear to losing?
Yes they'll do anything to stay in power 97 53.5%
Why not they stole a first election 63 35%
No they'll win honestly 19 10.5%
No they're too honest for that too 1.1%
A lot of skeptics out there and right here
And over there
Anyway Connie Celica was born May 25, 1955 in the Bronx
Did you know that? No I did not
How you do? Some of her work I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus
2002 and mostly made for TV movies like Anna's Dream, Dangerous Waters, Punch Drunk
Was a regular movie, Doomsday Rock, Something Barred, Something Blue
While my pretty one sleeps,
Holiday to remember the surrogate dangerous affair she led to lives
Not to be confused with I led three lives Herbert Filberg
Second chances and a bunch of other TV Boy lots of stuff man
She's older than Noesi 45, 49
But the picture goes back sometimes pretty good picture
And once you're checking out Connie Celica you can check out the QN Booby trap
Right and that a good name for it?
So we get sued
Because once you enter into that no no they don't have a copy right on that name
Jeez that's like Donald Trump you're fired!
It's scary yet
Speaking of scary Bush may use terrorism excuse to delay elections
This is what they've been talking about they've been dropping these hints after what's his name
Not gonna tell you nothing would surprise me there is
I mean when you go to the lengths they did to steal the first election in 2000
Why the hell wouldn't they do this now?
And this and what it really is Teret well let me just read this
And what could be viewed as a desperation attempt to hold onto the presidency?
The Bush administration is preparing plans to postpone the November presidential elections by claiming the threat
Of a terrorist attack would disrupt the process
Not an actual terrorist attack happening but just the threat of it
So I can just see on November 1st the day before we're supposed to have the election
Here comes Tom Ridge again
What Ed Boering look on his post comes out and has a press conference to announce
Well we have some non-specific but we think that maybe somebody opened the mail and found some powder in it
In fact we're gonna have the president check the powder
Sources within the Department of Homeland Security confirm the agency is preparing legal steps to postpone the election
And can do so at a moment's notice when the orders come from the White House
Michael Isikov newsweek magazine is also confirming this in this week's edition
They're working on it they're getting ready
Department of Homeland Security has to just as department last week to review what legal steps would be needed to delay the election
The department was asked to review a letter to Ridge from Jeff DeForest Surries
who is the chairman of a new U.S. election assistance commission
The commission was created in 2002 to provide funds to the states to replace punch card voting systems
And provide other assistance in conducting federal elections
And I hate to write the news to these people but the executive branch doesn't have the authority to postpone the election
Only the Congress can do that
Are you aware of that? I am though
That's about the one thing even though of course it's the Republican-controlled Congress
But it's the one thing you ought to keep in mind
Okay, that might the... well, might cause us to have an election
WRFX dropping sports wrote Jim Sarny on Friday
I'm telling you that Jim Sarny, what a nerd this guy is
Is there any doubt? Wow, what a piece of dirt you are Jim
If you took him and buried him, I think he's buried Jack Asin Drag
I think it's the same person
He just leaves the brown paper bag from lunch at the Harold and he zips over to the Sun Central
It's the same guy, Jim Sarny
Same little... blackers, yeah, I can't say that anymore
WR, he goes on this stuff we already know
It's like we're walking down the green mile side by side
Said toast to teamed with stew gods on the 3-6 PM show
Now whatever you think of stew gods was a good guy but didn't belong on the air
And toast to really is living up to his name
The fact that it matters is that was the only local
And what about that big shot guy, Josh, they head from Orlando or Jacksonville, was that guy's name?
Who cares?
No, you know what I'm talking about
That ex-jock in the morning show, they had...
That was Silio, wasn't that his name Dan Silio?
Dan Silio, yeah, well you are weak
Well, if we see Josh stick to your foosball and your smear the queer
But I mean, this is the only local show they had in any of their stations
Was stew gods and toast
So now what they've done by taking this I&Z stupid talk again, they've eliminated that
All of this is just open up a pot and put on somebody somewhere that's on 75,000 different stations
And then that's it
Local radio is gone, it's dead, it's history, fuck it down
But then Jim Sarni goes on to say something that really frosted my ass
And I guess that frosted Hank's bad ass too from what I was told by Moth this morning
While she was extrapolating crap
Tony Bruno and Jim are... this is what Sarni wrote
Tony Bruno and Jim are my head lawyer listeners
And the combination of stew gods and toast followed by Jorge Siddano, sixth of APM, who George by the way says was pretty cute guy
Was developing a young Hipporodian
Now how did you meet George Siddano?
At the party, they've had a...
And a Jorge party?
And where?
At a party, at David's house
I see
Anyway, but here's the line that really cracks me up
Jim Sarni says that we're developing a younger Hipporodian
Oh my god, the station was making money and the ratings in the men's 18 to 34 demographic were good
They didn't have any ratings in any demographic you idiot
But you know about ratings we could stuff in your room for the Chinese army left over you in the Sylvester, Jim Sarni at the Sun sent a view
And then Sean Picoli today follows it up
We know him from somewhere
If anybody knows who Sean Picoli is at the Sun sent, let us know
He used to do something
I don't know we know him from somewhere
Liberal radio hits airwaves in South Florida
And first of all, this is another brilliant article
Jicke didn't write it because Jicke is out there in the West Coast getting schmoozed and wind and dined
While the network's with the annual summer of fartfest they have going on out there
And listeners could...
He goes on about...
They didn't start with a fall
They start yesterday and they had dead air for a little while
Listers could have heard former South Florida radio personality Randy Rhodes
And then the old Frank in fact in the three who's spoofing Bill O'Reilly is a book
Were the anti, whatever the other side is were the anti
Were spoofing in PR in the morning?
Is that what that was?
Yeah, there were just guys talking
Morning's tradition but the title is a spoof
And the majority reported at night April of the PM with the Jeanine Grapplo
So he leaves out the three to six guy which is Ed Schultz who's got that nobody ever heard of before was on
And like six of the minor markets like Geneva and Pena in New York
And this guy just totally out there
But what I love about this we think that timing is perfect
That David Ross vice president for Clear Channel South Florida adding
The anxious David Ross who's a real f***hole
This is going to be an incredibly controversial presidential election
You got Fahrenheit 9-11 doing well
Oh well maybe if he had Michael Moore on the air somebody might listen
Schmuck
Clear Channel South Florida decided to jump in the fray
Ross said after seeing Air America programming
Ross spectacular ratings in New York City and at Clear Channel on station in Portland, Oregon
Of course that was the first month after that they went right in the old crapper again
The daily lineup is not complete Ross said WINZ wants to find a local host to compliment the syndicated fair
Somebody who'll work to you of course but he said the Liberal lineup challenges one of frequent complaint about
Media giant Clear Channel the country's largest radio chain
The killers of what we used to know is broadcasting
Here's the line of the century baby from David Ross he says we get accused of being the bad boy
We don't experiment we don't do what's innovated said Ross
Well this is about as innovative as it gets
Oh my god
Opening up a pot and putting a bunch of syndicated stuff on here
That's about as innovative as gets for Chief Channel
I'd ever were part of it
Yeah
And that's that?
It's about as innovative as they get
My life and love
This is 4.16
Way and way and way and way
Years later and say it took me a little while a little slow learner
But Neil I apologize
It's way deal you are the truth
But you can't stop now
You're turned
I'm dying on the hear
I have no one
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like books like
You like to play
They're all around
They're all around
They're big and round
They're all around
You like books like
Get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night
home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, got the night home, give the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get sleep and the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the day home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get the night home, get there the night home, get the night home, get the night and the applying room, get the night home, get we're loving people welcome together, the night home, get off, get the night home, get the night home, getting the night
I can just see our crowd now dragging their mouths across those boobs on our behind-to-been
curtain.
You got to be over the age of 75, though, by the way, and have several pieces of ID.
Picture ID, of course.
Right, hold it up to the screen.
And the picture, too.
282 votes on the poll already.
Look at that.
And John Ascroff, I should point out, very readily, here is not real happy about that
boobs thing.
No.
In fact, if you notice, he's got several eyebrows raised in it before he get where he
have to click on the thing.
Got a sour look.
282 votes.
So what else is new?
282 would the Bush administration try to postpone election if they feared losing 282 votes
in about a half an hour, like 35 minutes?
They're whipped up to a frenzy about this.
And I'm going to tell you every man, woman, and child on a planet, not just in America.
Everybody who values their life, who values the planet continuing to spin around ought to
be mighty concerned about this crap, OK?
All is garbage with the patriotic and all the other curtailing of freedoms and this chilling
crap we got on the radio where we can't even say crap anymore.
And now, well, maybe we're not going to have the election after all, because we have
a rumblings.
We're hearing a lot of chatter.
You know, a lot of that crap.
You're like that.
You're like that.
You see that?
Josh?
Yes, more chatter.
I'm Tonya.
I've heard you surprised before noon.
We get Tom Ridge on TV again today.
You better watch it.
We're not raising the terror alert because we're just making this all up.
But anyway, would they try to do it?
Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power.
148, 52.4%.
Why not?
They stole the first election, which of course is 99.
35.1%.
Let me say it again.
161.
Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power.
Just changing.
304 votes.
Why not?
They stole the first freaking election 105.
No, they'll win honestly.
35.
I know they're two on us for that three.
The last two may sound the same, but they're not.
Do you see the difference?
Yeah.
Whatever.
Anyway, George is doing a fantastic job this summer.
It's enough to make me think.
In fact, I'll tell you I'm so excited about it.
We're going to have Marlene game next two-thirds day.
Yeah.
That's how confident I am in the great job you're doing.
I'm serious.
You finally got your thumb on the pulse of this town.
It's near the queer.
It's near the queer.
That's all you need to know.
Is Shmere the queer and Rich Sanchez is out.
Did you see that?
Did you talk about that?
No, I didn't.
I missed that.
You missed the Rich Sanchez has gone a little time.
We jiggas are very emotional article about that.
About four million words.
He's local rags.
I just can't get out of the fight.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez, he's gone.
His show got Schmidt canned or is that Schmidt canned?
Oh, yeah.
Now let's see.
They got the Schultz and Schmidt on those two cheap channels.
The sound like a bunch of Nazis to me.
Anyway, Ricky Tiki Sanchez is taking some kind of a network job somewhere.
Just don't let the door hit you in the SNL.
Everybody hates you, Rick.
His TV show had ratings that were like even worse than Bill O'Reilly's radio ratings,
which is a 0.2 as in what's the point.
And the number two thing that is most important, I want to see what I only do the two shows a week during these two months,
I have to catch up with stuff in addition, which even though you're doing a fine job,
how could you not have talked about Isabel Sanford and Crocan everything?
Really moving on.
That's because you don't like the Jefferson's.
Okay, whatever you say.
If it would have been somebody I'm going to show you like, what's it show you like?
The Simpsons.
Yeah, if Homer Simpson would have died, then you would have said,
BOOMING!
Yeah, or something like that.
Anyway, or you would have said,
WAAAW!
Let's put some tapes on again, like the Phil Henry tape.
Okay.
That did it, Boulder, didn't it?
I wonder if they put another internal memo out again about all this time.
We're really going to kick ass.
And we're going to come after that Rogers with a Randy and with the Al Franken.
Yeah, right.
We got the far right covered on IOD.
We got the far left covered on IOD.
All you got covered is your ass, okay?
You people are disgrace over there.
You got all these AM stations with these big signals, not to mention the FM stations with
their 100,000 watt class C signals.
And all you put on is crap.
You specialize in crap.
And keep in mind, by the way, that Cheap Channel owns this super talk.
Just keep that in mind, okay?
All those people that hate Cheap Channel as much as we do and even worse.
The CNN poll says the Carrie is leading, well, it's close, but he's leading.
An interesting part of it is they do a survey and then they give the results and they say,
well, we did a wider survey and it's a different result.
706 likely voters conducted between Thursday and Sunday last week.
50% for Carrie Edwards, 46% Cheney and Bush.
I mean Bush and Cheney, 40 and slip.
And a wider survey, 891 registered voters, showed a slightly larger lead for Carrie,
51% to 44.
And Nators just, he just getting a couple of points.
It's 2% Nator Chamejo.
Not counting the one on his head.
Yeah.
Well, they hit him on Crossfire yesterday, Ralphie Nator.
But I mean, but I wish.
All those other crap.
Real crossfire.
He's screaming about how Michael Moore should lose some weight, all those other crap.
Yeah.
Well, we want to keep your mind to make a lot more movies, lose some weight.
Oh, it's speaking to that.
What a great segue.
I fell into a bunch of crap.
Well, let's start with a call in the next time.
Because I have a lot of time to catch up with now.
See?
This is a miracle.
Okay, that happened to me.
All you fat people out there, I just want to make a suggestion.
What?
How are they going to apply this to their lives?
You never let me see my thing.
Because I already told you about this.
Well, anyway, so my mother died a week ago yesterday, okay?
The next day, the following day, not because I thought about it, not because I was depressed or morose.
She was 91.
I would go and went through that whole story.
The next day I lost my sugar craving.
It just just went away.
I've lost five pounds in a week without even trying.
And so I'm convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt that it was not physiological,
but psychological, as in, yeah, because she was smothering and suffocating and just always somewhere in the middle of my work brain,
there was this thing about, I don't know what you call it.
What do you call it?
Some Freudian thing.
Some Freudian thing, right?
There it is.
Some Freudian things in the middle of my brain.
And now it's just the novelty in there, the nag and convection.
And lose some weight.
You're killing yourself.
Now I don't have any sugar cravings.
So it certainly wasn't a physical thing.
Your heart is dirty.
Right.
For at least my brain has cleaned up.
Nobody's prepared.
Nobody's prepared.
Your body will follow.
Hopefully.
Right, there you go.
The sugar cravings are gone.
I've had no ice cream, no candy, no crap, no cake, no pie, no mother hubbard's pie, no Tim Horton doughnuts, not of that stuff.
How do you like that?
And I'm not even interested.
I walk in the market and I walk past this stuff like used to be.
I walk past where the ice cream is and I try to like have blinders.
I'm like a horse because I'd see the veninjiri and right away I'd start like my eyes would start checking the flavors.
I like, oh, did they have that coffee, coffee, crunch today?
I can't resist that.
Always a good excuse you may.
I don't want it anymore.
How do you like that?
So I'm saying if you're fat, don't go see a doctor, go see a shrink.
Not a good idea?
Oh yeah.
There's a question.
Look at the dysfunctional people in that building.
Okay, I don't want to mention Zach.
I don't want to mention the beast or fat boy.
This functional people are the fat people.
I grew up in one of the most dysfunctional families in the history of mankind.
In history.
And all of a sudden it's like a major miracle.
So you see even out of a tremendous tragedy, something good can happen.
I think local, this is five cities.
The radius of yours is now.
You and.
A bastard.
Oh.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
Oh yeah.
What's a neo-Nazi's ban with this story of liberal network of theirs?
Are they can anybody?
Not anybody with a brain.
Their channel kills nonprofits and for New York Times Square.
You know that story about the billboard?
Yeah.
We'll get to it.
Did you talk about it?
No.
Oh.
Did you talk about Brittany's story that we had on our website?
Which one?
Brittany was my sex mad bride?
No.
No.
Like I said, George better get with it or he's a toast.
I'll save in all these for you.
We've had him on our website.
You're too busy dragging your mouse.
That's your problem.
Turnpike reopens and is dense smoke from wildfire disappears.
I've got to give the results of this poll that we get on the next one.
Maybe the next poll, I don't know.
Maybe it's not a good question.
Maybe it's too tough.
How can you select the one best restaurant?
We can do it.
Right?
What?
What's it matter?
That's what I told you he had the right attitude.
What the hell difference does it make?
Good point.
That's the poll we haven't done yet.
Let me refresh this one last time because we got nearly 400 votes in about 45 minutes.
That is a staggering number considering how many people are in town right now?
530, man.
384.
Would the Bush people try to postpone the election if they feared losing?
Yes.
252% I'll do anything to stay in power.
Why not?
They stole the first election.
136.
That's another 35.4%.
No.
They'll win honestly 45.
11.7%.
And no, they're too honest to do that.
3.0.7%.
So it's 12.4% suck it up to the Bush people, the neo-Nazis.
And 87.5% saying, oh, we're in deep due to now.
What election?
Turnpike reopens his dense smoke from wildfire dissipates.
A long stretch of Florida's turnpike reopened in Dave County by 9.30 this morning.
About now and a half ago after being closed during rush hour because of dense smoke from a doused wildfire.
The FHP had closed sections of the turnpike, Okotobi Road and Chrome Avenue because drivers were unable to navigate safely.
The National Weather Service had issued a dense smoke advisory till 10 a.m.
Greg Reid's out of town.
They still said it was going to be dense.
Communers shifting onto other roads caused widespread traffic jams.
Even where there was no dense smoke.
Com conditions have allowed the smoke from the smoldering fires in western Dave to thicken.
The smoke will be very slow to disperse.
Travers should exercise extreme caution this morning as visibility may change rapidly.
The weather service is saying so.
Another reason not to be there, right?
Ok, what restaurant, anywhere in the world is the best outside of South Florida?
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for eyesline.
In other words, you didn't even read the Britney story?
No, I read it.
Oh, but you didn't talk about it?
No.
I don't want to say that I didn't read it till this morning.
Probably too depressed.
I didn't read it till this morning.
WQA, hello.
Hello, the radio.
Yes.
Why don't you take a poll on how many years they'll take for George to do good radio?
Is this the George Bashar?
No, it's just one of the many years they'll take.
I would say about 30, man.
About 30.
Good idea.
Hit a life.
567 saw another one.
You haven't pleased the entire audience out there.
But he can quote chapter in verse everything you've said.
In fact, he's probably the guy who called in when Shmere the Queer.
He calls every day with that same one.
Doesn't he?
Yes.
At least you know he's there anyway.
Sure.
If everybody else subvandons you, he'll always be there for you.
He won't be there for anyone.
WQA, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir.
Get on your poll there.
Please.
Oh, Trevor Jones, yeah.
Fat chance.
In the good of it, though, we got him down like within two words now.
So there's 0 for 2 trying to get a maybe this poll won't have it.
This would be the first poll we ever do with no choices.
I like that.
That shouldn't be a problem.
No.
The best restaurant you've ever even had anywhere in the world, even anywhere outside of South Florida.
I think there's still open.
Okay.
Rhapsody in the traffic can.
Oh, there are long since closed, but it doesn't have to be still open.
Oh, good, good.
We can say is or was.
I put on emeralds in Las Vegas.
It was good.
Oh, yeah.
Well, maybe he's got a good restaurant just because he's not a good guy.
Well, yeah, I'm not.
Let me ask you this.
George, let me ask you this.
How many times have I been Vegas?
How many thousand times?
About 30,000.
Don't you think I know emeralds, restaurant?
Are you talking about an EMG and grand?
Yeah.
You didn't like it?
If that's the best, if that's the best meal you've ever eaten, son, all I can say to you is.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
Time to place me or the queer.
I bet it's just a no but at least it's a name.
Now we got two on the list.
We got Rhapsody long since closed, but you know something that that's a good choice.
Man, did we go there together or did you?
Well, I was there my wedding night.
You went there and you're wedding night?
Yeah, it was pretty.
Maybe that time we were in Vegas.
We went there.
One of those times.
We had a coupon.
It was.
It was one of those times that we went to Vegas.
You had a great coupon?
Yes.
That was the Rhapsody in the Trump account.
Who used to set me up there?
I used to need free there.
I remember one time I got there and I guess the mate who he didn't know about it or somebody
didn't know and I had to go through a big soda dance.
You know how embarrassing that is?
Yes.
Oh, God.
Oh, yes.
Do we have a note here?
You're right, Mr. Rogers.
But I always apologize.
What about the other place in Vegas that I like so much that I'm always raving about?
Rosewood Grill.
Rosewood Grill.
Let's put that on there.
I wouldn't put Ruth Krish on here even though Ruth Krish is much better than the Rosewood
Grill because we have Ruth Krish's in South Florida.
So, in other words, if it's part of a chain that we have in South Florida, it's a disqualify.
Got it?
We got it.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
I'd like to help you pull for a minute.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Greatest restaurant in the world in my opinion.
Yes.
It's called the Lime Inn in the Virgin Islands.
It's in St. John's.
Okay.
It has this meal.
It's a lobster and steak dish that is absolutely incredible.
And what they do is they have breads stuffed in the steak.
Oh, my gosh, it's incredible.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One more thing.
Did you see 911 or no?
Fair enough.
Yes.
Okay.
I don't know if you noticed the part where they were interviewing one of the soldiers and he's
singing this song, the roof.
The roof.
The roof is on fire, Bernmothers.
You know?
Yes.
Remember that part?
Yes, I did.
Did you recognize that song?
Did I recognize this song?
It's a Bloodhound Gang song.
Oh, that's right.
Michael Moore is a big Bloodhound Gang fan.
Well, there you go.
Great minds work a life, man.
Absolutely.
Hey, we got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
Yeah.
That's right.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Take it easy and we got to win this election.
See it if we have one.
Yeah.
If we have one, see it.
People used to laugh at me.
So many things that I've said.
The neo-Nazis OG.
He's too extreme.
He's such a funny guy.
You know?
And then all of a sudden, two, three years later, everybody's using the same expressions and the
same thing about the election.
Oh, that could never possibly happen in America to postpone.
And of course, this business is a postponing election till like what?
Till 2001.
But, bird man.
Till 2030.
I love the Bloodhound County.
You and me, baby, let's do it like the Kennedys.
I'll drown you in my goo like very joe-dub-dub-deck-beam.
Can we play that?
I guess we just did.
You didn't dump that now, did you?
I did not.
Neither did Josh.
Well, good for you.
I mean, it's just, uh, whatever.
I'm in.
I wonder if that has anything to do with the limetime driven by a Bud Foster, if Pompa
No Park.
Well, I wouldn't have been Pompa No Park.
56670560.
See, you know what?
I was thinking this.
This is a perfect analogy.
The show that you guys did on Friday with all those silly games, uh, pencil up your ass,
whatever that was.
If I did a show here, and I talked about harness racing for four hours, and different
drivers and horses and racetracks, I've been, it would have the same significance to you
as that did to me, right?
Yeah.
Because that's ancient history, and only five old guys know about harness racing or care.
Right.
It's supposed to smear the queer, right?
That's a good point.
WQA, and hello.
You're a homeless person.
WQA, and hello.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Data, restaurant, to the list.
Yes.
Peter Luger's in New York.
The Williamsburg Brooklyn.
Love that steak sauce, man.
Yeah, man, it's a good place.
Okay, thanks.
All right, thanks.
Now, do we want to put where these places are on a pool?
I don't know what we're doing.
What difference would it make?
Well, no, ramps in again.
What do you mean what difference would it make?
Well, what's the point of doing it?
No, either they know either they know.
Well, we got to put where it is.
Right.
Rhapsody in Las Vegas.
Come on.
I tried to play that.
You just been lazy, you don't even have to do it.
I know.
Embrose and Vegas.
Because Embrose got restaurants all over the place.
Rosewood Grill and Vegas.
The lime in in the Bahamas, he said.
What's Jamaica?
I don't know, I forgot.
Oh, come on.
I wasn't like an hour ago.
What if he said this say?
That was five minutes ago.
In the Bahamas, I guess.
Who knows?
And Peter Luger is in New York.
Okay?
You could drive to the Bell.
I think Josh can handle that.
A little bit extra typing there.
So we have final totals on the first one before it disappears on me.
There are 425 votes.
Pretty impressive in an hour.
Would the Bush people try to postpone the election if they thought they were going to lose?
And believe me, chances are looking more and more every day.
Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
I got some crowbondicks right here, homeboy.
From 7-8, he gets you all whipped up about the All Star game, which needs some help, because it means nothing.
And nobody cares.
8-2-1, we got Major League All Star game from ESPN radio, followed by Eddie the K.
Right here exclusively on WQM, because who would have want the All Star game, right?
I don't want it.
No, I don't want it.
I'm Josh Wonson.
Who's going to be calling the All Star game on ESPN?
Will it be Dave Watt's name?
Who's going to be doing it?
Joe Buck, maybe he's unfocked.
Yeah.
Maybe Joe Morgan?
No, Joe Morgan doesn't do the play by play.
Joe Morgan does the color.
Oh, that's a bad term.
He even meets John Miller and Joe Morgan.
Yeah, John Miller and Joe Morgan.
John Miller and Joe Morgan, you better get your play by play people right there, Josh, because, you know,
you're going to send you to Emeralds for another bad meal.
You really think that Emeralds is the best restaurant you've ever eaten?
It's not the best, but I...
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
If it's not the best, then why did you say it?
Because I happen to eat there when I was in Vegas, and I had a great meal.
It's what he knows.
Come on.
I nominated it.
Bam!
13 past 11 at 560 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services, and risk management
are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation called Tool Free 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business
while you leave the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable.
There's no obligation.
If you like your fee evaluation, just call them at that Tool Free number.
1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
We're not paying for the law.
We're sports radio 5-6-D.
U-A-M.
The young is too young.
Take a look at that RAPCITY restaurant, baby, on our website.
It is impressive. I shot their judge, RAPCITY, for RAPONON.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
It's bluff.
You can throw, you can floor it.
You don't lose anything, it's gameplay.
RAPCITY CEO
Yeah.
She's looking mighty fine.
She's 25, but she's just a team.
The next close to show what happens when you play too much Totsl Hockey or one of those games that was on at the pole Friday.
So speaking of that though, yeah.
What games did you play as a youth out in a ballot?
Mary go round.
I don't know. Look out the window. That's 100 years ago.
None of the above. None of the ones you had on there.
Hide and seek.
Okay. We had that on there sort of.
Uh, look at this.
Now you remember that song by Lucriste Rap City in the rain?
Yeah.
We had a few mispellings and misunderstandings on our poles over the years, but this may be a classic.
We got to take a picture or just at least print that out.
I voted for it.
Yeah, I see that. I see your vote went on here because at least you're not what a new rule was.
Instead of Rhapsody, R-H-A-P-S-O-D-Y.
R-H-A-P-S-O-D-O.
Why?
We got Rap City.
Yo, yo. Yeah.
Yo, yo, man. Let's go to Rap City. Have a hell of a meal.
Get the chip in the hood.
Oh, God.
Just chilling.
I, Rap City.
Yeah, it'd be great, man.
Rap City.
Hip hop down there.
No wonder it's all about business.
Brittany was my sex-mad bride.
I can't believe you didn't talk about this.
I like it. I love it.
I think we're going to leave it to Rachel for the last 20 minutes.
And look at the tremendous response we're going to have on our website today.
We've got Boob City on there.
Just score your mouse right across the QM Boob, uh, whatever we call it.
What do we call it? Booby Trap.
All right. We don't want to say QM Booby Trap because then it gets the station there.
We don't like the fact that we associate ourselves with the radio station because they're very embarrassed and humiliated by us because we don't talk about sports and real manly stuff like that.
So the fact that they got a bunch of stupid ballgame crap on their website and all we got is a bunch of boobs and the naked rods and ours.
I guess that gives you a little something, okay? Little idea.
Who's the, what was the, I didn't even print that out. I must have it here somewhere.
The hurricane player that got arrested, Antro Role.
Up at your pardon? Antro Role. Is he, is he akin to a, Esther Role?
Sure, why not?
Or how about Jelly Role? Antrole Role, he, we have a few problems there.
I had that somewhere. Maybe I should make candid, I don't know. Cause maybe nobody cares about it.
We don't want to talk about it. I'm sure they'll talk about that in between Shaq and Shaq.
And more Shaq, Shaq and Antrole. So then do you hear?
Who else? Shaq's coming.
Shaq.
Britney was my sex mad bride.
Britney's spirit's bedded her childhood sweetheart like an animal.
Then wrecked his life with a 55 hour marriage that stunned the world.
Oh my God.
Now in a world exclusive interview in News of the World, husband Jason Alexander details every moment of the sexed and proposal.
Their Vegas wedding and his humiliation is furious family and lawyers pulled them apart.
We made love and her.
Did they use the jaws of life for that?
Yes. Hers.
We made love in her bed. Her show and her bed said Jason 22, who's a real Yahoo with if you look up the word Yahoo in the dictionary. His picture is right there.
She asked me to marry her, but when her lawyers demanded I end our marriage, she didn't stop them and it cost chaos in my life Jason says.
Jason revealed that Britney proposed to him as she lay naked in his arms and she was so excited when he said,
that she rushed him down the aisle without stopping to put her knickers on.
Well, it's a Brit paper News of the World for knickers on your knickers, right?
No, sure. In the white box, right?
Nisox, Clyde Pants.
As he opened his heart, Jason also told how multi-millionaire is Britney made love to him so frantically that they fell off the bed.
Played erotic sex games with him under a shower, but shuffled silent and shame-faced as her marriage was ended and later changed her mobile phone number so we could even talk to her.
I didn't tell the world about this before because I still hope to get back together, Jason said, but now I realize she ain't coming back to me.
And you take one look at him and you say, I can understand easy.
Britney also 22 is now playing to marry Neufy on say Keith Federline 26 after he left his heavily pregnant partner, Shar Jackson.
And if you take a look at him, have you seen him?
Yeah, he makes the other guy look like Brad Pitt.
She got some taste, don't she?
Yeah, in her mouth and her toots.
Yeah, careful.
But Jason grew up with Britney and Kentwood Louisiana.
It's known as no marriage will be as bizarre the one he went through, taking up the story that is before the wedding last January he recalled.
Even though she'd made it big, she still came back to Kentwood.
We kissed, but that's as far as it had gone.
Then last Christmas Eve, she came up to my place asked if I wanted to go to Vegas for the for New Year with some of her friends.
I said, yes, maybe they wanted to go to rap city.
Right.
Yeah.
Once in Vegas, Britney paid them for all of for all of them to stay in the MTV themed real world suite at the Palm Scusino Hotel.
We all went out to a lobster dinner.
I bet that was if the Rosewood grow.
OK.
And Britney looks sensational in jeans and a black cauldron at top.
He said it was 4 a.m. by the time they went back to their hotel suite made love for the first time.
We knew what was going to happen. He said Britney started stripping off her clothes as she walked into the suite.
Then we started kissing sweet.
She got down to just your black thong and they see through lace bra.
I've never seen a woman look more stunning.
I wanted to make love to her and she wasn't trying to show what she wanted.
We started off in the bedroom kissing. She was good at that. She was good at everything.
She was an animal in bed.
Hopefully not a muskrat.
Absolutely.
We were both so hot I let her into the bathroom.
There was a huge shower head that sent water down on us as though it were rain as in rap city in the rain.
We stripped off completely, got into the shower and Britney performed oral sex on me as the water ran down over both of us.
Afterwards I let her back into the bedroom.
At first she was on top of me. Then I was on top.
We did it every way you could. But it wasn't cheap. I really cared about her and it felt right.
At times she was noisy. She didn't call me any names. She just moaned.
We didn't use any precautions either. After sex they fell asleep in each other's arms.
Woke up in the morning. I'm sure.
I woke up and was really aroused again, said Jason. This was about four minutes later.
I'm sure. When he was asleep but when I tried it on with her she didn't hold back.
She said she wanted to be with me and I told her I wanted to be with her. She said she wanted me to go with her on tour.
I thought she was vulnerable. I wanted to take care of her.
This goes on some length.
During the day Brittany and her friends went to the hotel spa while Jackson shatted with her bodyguards.
When I got back I was in the back. I was in the bath.
She came in stripped off. First we were scrubbing each other. Then she got on top of me and we had sex.
She was a natural with the most fantastic ass I've ever felt. She was proud of her body and often wandered around with nothing on.
The following night it was off to plant in Hollywood for dinner where I'm sure Josh had the best meal he's ever had.
He said Brittany wanted to stay out and I wanted to go to bed so she made me promise that if I made love to her all night we could go back to the room.
The sex was mind blowing and rough. We did in every position you could think of it was so wild we managed to fall off the bed together.
There was more sex the next night. This time I remembered she was wearing a beautiful purple and pink set of underwear said Jason.
After we were chatting in bed, coupled up and they could say we didn't want the trip to end when she said I want to ask you something but I don't know how to.
I told her she could ask me anything she acted really shy and said well you marry me. I said yes and she jumped out of bed flung her jeans on and yell let's do it now and get married too.
She was ecstatic she didn't even pull her panties on in the rush you see slipped on her jeans. We ran downstairs and jumped in the hotel limo and never forget saying take us to the nearest chapel we're getting married.
Could we play going to the chapel by the next week? We could.
Wouldn't it be sweet to get up sweet. What happened next in the early hours of Saturday January 3rd left her millions of fans of God.
The first chapel open was the little white chapel at adjacent we were kissing and holding hands we knew we were doing the right thing when we got there they said we needed a marriage license away to go to a courthouse that was open 24 hours walked in a couple of punitive brain and said you look just like that girl off TV that things I turned around and said you really think that chick would marry a man like me.
Britney and I giggled our heads off we got the certificate rush back to the chapel paid the seven or bucks for the best package they could do the best package.
Britney picked it we had flowers video photographer pianist and register I said she should walk down the aisle on her own but Britney wanted to be traditional asked the limo driver if he'd do the honor.
I think he was a bit gobsmacked but he didn't. They were here that before gobsmacked gobsmacked and say Brit thing I guess I said I remember her walking toward me and we looked into each other's eyes.
This goes on and then of course she said get lost 27 past 11 at 560 WQM you wake up every morning in a crowded bed Britney.
Yes between the kids in the dog and the can fact this Jeff high wrote this copy when he wakes up alone in the morning he's in a crowded bed.
Between the kids in the dog and the cats is in no room left for use researchers say today shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding and nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress is ready for immediate delivery that's so dial a mattress of course we're talking about when you call one 800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress at a discount price only dial a mattress delivers 80 m to 10 p.m. every day dial a mattress is ranked numero uno and customer satisfaction there were winners of the 2000 for better business bureau local torch of excellence award when you call one 800 mattress I'll bet you
the judges life on it you'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule when you want that to our window and the best customer service in the business dial a mattress has all the top names you know when love they got silly served a king coil Simmons temper p to even stirons and foster you it every one of our QM is called one 800 mattress for our beds you ought to be doing the same have a great night sleep for years to come by making that one easy call one 800 mattress one 800 M. A. T. T. R. E. S. or check them out online at mattress dot com.
just for 20 or five to two a.m.
hello
hello
hello
hello
hello
hello
hello
see Mary Kate's focus so pretty getting help to deal with the disease
ten times you will never find how to just think anything
you know
you
know
you
know
you
know
you
know
know
know
will
know
will
know
know
know
know
the line in Jamaica, man has got to and the rap city, a rap city in Vegas has got one.
I think it would have done better if we kept the original spelling.
Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, best restaurant in the world outside of Soundfloward.
It's a day, years, I'll put one on there since we're doing ones that have passed as well.
Chin Tiki, CHIN, dash T-I-K-I, Polynesian restaurant in Detroit.
I'm sure a long, long, long, long, used to be on Bagley Street downtown.
Got it? Chin Tiki.
Chin dash T-I-K-I, Polynesian.
All right. Okay.
Remember a trader Vicks?
I've heard of it.
Polynesian restaurants used to be very big.
There was a trader Vicks in Soundfloward a summer, four-letter day, I believe.
Kind of like the Micae, only the Micae is just a, do I dare say a tourist trap?
Can I say that?
No.
Micae is a tourist trap.
It's not in the same league with these other places.
There used to be another place called the Mona Loa, I believe in Detroit, another Polynesian.
But Chin Tiki was great, unbelievable.
Never had Polynesian food?
Sure.
It's great.
Mmm.
You're fanting, though.
A lot of sweet and sour sauces and it's a little heavy duty.
WQM, hello.
QAM?
Yeah, I got a restaurant for Neal's Ball.
Okay, go right ahead.
Commander's Palace.
In New Orleans.
In New Orleans.
Okay, thanks a lot, Polly.
All righty.
See ya.
Commander's Palace in Nullines.
You got a lot of great food in New Orleans, supposedly.
I guess there is.
That big fat Paul Poudon, that big chef, he's there, the one you don't know who looks like
Dom Deleuze.
I think he's a key dog.
I just think of Dom Deleuze with a real heavy Southern accent, okay?
Maybe a new sidekick for Bert Reynolds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T. We work a lot of votes on this pool today
because there are just, there are, Ziggins and restaurants all around the world.
I mean, the fact that Peter Lugers has got 14 is how long we're good to comment there,
isn't it?
Yeah.
So let's go.
Can stay on the adkins there.
Have a nice steak.
I'm sure that just like with Chris, they probably have some really good appetizers like those,
the shrimp just dripping in that sauce.
What do they got that barbecue shrimp?
Good stuff.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Well, you know, one of my favorite restaurants in the world is a place called O'Donnell's
in Bethesda, Maryland.
Okay.
One of the best seafood places I've ever had.
I mean, I-
And is that O'Donnell?
Is it McDonald's or O'Donnell?
O'Donnell's as, you know, O'Donnell is in Donald Duck.
Yeah, amazing lobster newberg.
I mean, you know, your butter, turtle soup that would drive you insane.
Turtle soup.
Yeah, snapper turtle soup.
A little southern Maryland thing.
It's the most amazing food.
Snapper turtle soup.
Oh, geez.
I had just tasted your snapper.
Yeah, and I am definitely getting one.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
You got it?
O'Donnell's in Bethesda, Maryland.
Got that one down?
It's down.
Not O'Donnell like a Bill O'Donnell, the magic man.
Oh, come on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Let's see what we get.
0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Oh, I never got to the clear channel thing.
Another reason that everybody hates them like poison.
A group of prominent Bay Area women on a West Coast, including pioneering chef Alice Waters
of Che Pani speaking of restaurants, is douseding with media giant cheap channel communications
over a minimalist anti-war billboard they want to unfurl in New York City's Times Square
and flashy ads for Broadway shows, banks and sneakers.
Project billboard, the women's nascent nonprofit rented and primed real estate on the Merriott
Marquis Hotel on Broadway, then proposed an illustration of a cartoonish bomb, Greatwood
Stars and Stripes, accompanied by the words, democracy is best taught by example, not
war.
And I got a picture right here.
It's on our website.
Clear channel killed a billboard.
The women say their group is nonpartisan.
The design is pro-democracy, pro-peace and nothing more.
But it was rejected last week by Clear channel's Spectacolor Division, which rents out more
than 70 displays in Times Square as well as by Merriott.
We're just not going to run bomb copy in New York City said Paul Meyer, president and
chief executive of Clear channel Outdoor, which oversees the Spectacolor Division on Sunday
afternoon.
While accusing Clear channel of rejecting the ad because the company favors the Bush
administration, the women on Friday changed course turning the bombing to a dove.
They were told they would have a response sometime this week.
But with a Thursday deadline looming for them to finalize the design and with Clear channel
suggesting it didn't like the phrase not by war, the women decided to file a breach of
contract lawsuit in the US District Court in New York today against Clear channel.
All right, you go, girls.
The alleged they were never told they couldn't cover political ground.
The fast-moving controversy though took another turn Sunday night when Meyer said he found
out from Spectacolor officials that Clear channel had approved the second design was awaiting
word from Merriott, which he said is the right to reject any ad on its facade.
In the contract they represented they owned these billboards.
There was never another layer of approval necessary said, by Feng Shaila, project billboard
who's married to Orville Shail, dean of the school of journalism at UC Berkeley, no
kind of Orville Reddenbacher.
Shaila and two other project billboard founders, Deborah Rappaport, sounds awfully
Jewish, amaze.
Amy Harmon, no relation to Harness driver Don Harmon, flew to New York on Sunday morning
to go to court and keep negotiating.
Another member of the group, Lorraine Polle, Jobs, I wonder if she's keen to Steve Jobs,
is married to Rappel computer co-founder Steve Jobs.
See that?
I said.
I asked and I told right there within the same sentence.
Nice going.
Thank you.
Man, lot of heavy duty stuff going on.
Can you believe the tremendous response we're getting on that booby trap?
You wouldn't believe it.
Take a look at the response we're getting on that website.
Now I'm a lot of votes on the poll because we don't have enough name because I won't
show it up.
But that's okay.
The poll is just there to give you something to do.
And of course when you're through school and your boss along that booby trap, then you
can take a look at this poll.
We only have like a half a dozen names on here.
Peter Luger Steakhouse, 18, Emerald 7, Rosewood Grill 5, after that, let's get some more names
on here.
What do you say?
I don't know.
Yeah, but let's do some spots first.
We're sports radio 560s, you ain't UAM.
And another thing, you're the rules of the me with a bit of a star by now.
That little bit of sweet voice.
And you think I got anywhere a little puny too?
We say too.
And I think I think I think I think I got around it.
I don't know what that says, 35 words I have to ask.
I think I think I think I think I think I got around it.
I don't know what that says, 35 words I have to ask.
Yeah, what a pun.
The poor wife hate you.
What do I hate you?
I can't when I hate you.
I want to die.
You're a pectorine.
Oh, don't help me.
A roll, man.
Me in a coma.
I've been going to my car.
Why you, why you would have spat you?
Then I know my smell attracts you.
I know.
But unlike that, you still got your job.
I feel just like that you are my divirator.
And one year to another.
That's why you're so not blind.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
She said you were good guys.
She's absolutely right.
She was pissed that they had her on tape delay.
She can't win them all.
And they got her on tape from the D.M.E.4 okay?
So it's stale stuff.
There is nothing worse than stale stuff.
It's like when I used to play the best of Neil Crap.
Oh man if you had any idea how I hated that.
Alien and a Pope.
Alien and a Pope.
No matter what was going on in the world,
I'm certain they were talking about alien and a Pope, right?
And the fact that they're doing it or whatever was all about.
Oh god.
And once thinking taken it can play an over and over again.
And then we put George on there to give a change of pace so we can talk about important things like Shmere the Queer.
Right. Now we're cooking.
It's probably this other.
What are these facts as you said me?
I can't cut off at the bottom.
What about kissing my ass here, but I'm going to make you laugh.
Okay.
You got the original somewhere.
What do you mean somewhere?
Well, in the pile of I've already faxed the facts.
Yeah.
Well, whip it out. Let me find that one. What does it start with?
It says Ray 945 sports like Air America and WQA.
Which is the reason Tony Bruno and Jim Rom are entertaining is they make you laugh.
What a concept for a sports show.
They discuss other things than sports and rip people to deserve it.
Other than you know what on WQA makes you laugh.
They're all such boring drones that is in between the 45 minutes and hour of spots.
And that's where it ends. I can't read the next.
Really?
That's as far as you got?
Yeah, that's all that's cut off.
The rest of it chopped off on my fax copy.
Randy Rhodes on tape is there more annoying voice than that while Goldie Tommy and the Big O come close.
Well, wait a minute.
What?
I think that the big O is rock solid.
This is no question.
If we have to hear that one more time.
See, I haven't heard that of an...
Oh, stop.
Man.
I mean, I like a rock lobster once in a while, but rock solid?
Oh, I'm solid.
He told her that his head again.
Rock solid.
Oh, it says it's the same something here and I can't read that.
That's a sentence.
So you must have missed something there?
Wow, I'm going to refact it.
There's like a whole bunch more.
Oh, good then.
I'll read it because if you start reading then we're out of business.
That's one good choice you made is not to like imitate.
First of all, they hate you when I read the stories.
They hate that.
But if you do it, oh, brother.
Not good.
Because you just...
You can't read.
No.
I mean, you can read, but monotone.
Not bad.
Or loud.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I had heard or read a few weeks ago that Howard Stern will be.
I'm 103.1 beginning Monday, July 12th.
That was yesterday.
I tune in yesterday and heard nothing but music.
You know what's up?
No.
Anybody know what's up?
Nope.
Josh?
No.
Anybody out there?
Where's that?
We'll find out.
I thought it was the 19th.
I think it's the next Monday, isn't it?
The 19th is, the next Monday.
Right.
And that's the day I think he starts on 103.
Hey, we're promoting everybody.
We don't care.
We're doing just fine.
We're kicking ass.
The checks keep coming in.
They keep clearing all the time.
That's all we care about.
We're not sitting here pretending.
Oh, gee, we don't want to talk about.
We're going to promote the Arab America.
We don't care if you want to hear Randy.
All right.
One tape go ahead.
If you want to hear Al Franken put you to sleep.
If you like taking a nice DS day after lunch.
Man, the stuff I'm hearing about him, not just from George, but oh, everybody near brother.
Coma inducing.
Ponderous.
Freaking ponderous.
Anyway, so that's the answer to that.
I think it's the next Monday on Howard.
On another sorry or note, I went to the Marla game Friday.
Even he saw it from earlier.
Sorry, ass soul.
Stumbling around on the lower level.
He was carrying around the same stupid ass how sweet it is.
Signed with Jackie Gleason's picture on it that he's been carrying the game since about
1993.
The Marla Gilbert Solomon still walks among us.
Oh, what tragedy.
He walks around in the ball games with the Jackie Gleason picture.
How sweet it is.
God.
P.S., the Franken show couldn't be more boring and gave it about 10 minutes and bailed out.
Excellent facts.
Our Englishman in Miami says, Tally Ho.
He says, any Puffin England serves up better and fresher food than the crap over here.
Now, I find that most amusing.
Right.
Because the Brits are famous for crappy food, okay?
Garbage, swill.
Oh, brother.
What is that meat pudding?
What do they call that?
Yeah, it was on the pole on the gross foods.
Jesus.
Anyway, it says if you need the name of the beef eater as many locations in the UK.
So put the beef eater in the UK, okay?
To make this limey bastard happy.
He says, P.S., what happened to Roy the Tiger guy?
I never heard any follow-up as he dead.
Well, the good news is that he interacted us with recovery.
The bad news is his boyfriend there.
What was his name?
Sigmund Sigmread Veiled.
Or one of them, he kicked him out of something.
They split up.
They had a bad.
Okay, here's the rest of this long.
You're right.
Very long, Fessas.
It's the same boring colors, winding complaining.
Oh, yeah, it's the shack attack.
Shack, shack, shack, shack, shack.
Shack, shack, shack, shack, shack, shack, shack, shack.
What kind of a carpet you like?
Shack carpet?
Yeah.
But we do the direct concept spot.
They do a great job cleaning your shack carpet.
The same boring colors and winers.
It says in between the 45 minutes in our spots.
I tried 1400 less spots.
No talent.
Boring.
I can still listen to Fox Sports on XM set and the Internet.
I tried here in America.
I'm on the left, but I really don't need depressing political talk all day.
I tried out Franken for five minutes.
Boring.
See, there you go.
Boring, man.
You're boring now.
You write good stuff.
But you're not a broadcasted number one and number two.
You are freaking ponderous.
Oh, I'm sure Pete Boulder was thinking, ah, especially now we got Georgia on this summer.
We're going to make some real big inroads on there.
We're going to knock that faggot off the ear.
You know?
No questions.
Right.
No chance.
Then this is Randy Rhodes on tape.
Question mark is there a more annoying voice than that?
He says, well, Goldie, Tommy and the big come close.
Don't be knocking the big.
Oh, he's rock solid.
I got to have that tomorrow morning.
I mean, not tomorrow morning.
I can wait till Thursday.
Right.
It says I didn't rip George compared to Goldie.
George is John Fassenda.
John Fassenda to the NFL Games Highlight Game and Films for years and years.
Great deep voice on the frozen thunder of Green Bay.
That's right.
Okay.
The bottom line is there.
I bet you Josh knows John Fassenda.
Never heard of it.
You know, Harry Callis?
Of course.
Okay.
Well, he does.
Well, the NFL film.
He does now because John Fassenda can't do it anyway.
You want to know why John Fassenda isn't doing the NFL Games anymore?
He died.
He died.
That's it.
There's a little clue for it.
That's why he ain't doing it anymore.
Harry Callis is so spastic.
This guy's been doing the filly and the Eagle Games for about a hundred years and is saying,
uh, he says I can't even imitate him anywhere.
He's just spastic.
He's terrible.
But he's the closest they could come to John Fassenda without great booming voice.
You better talk to some of your sports people around there.
They'll tell you who John Fassenda is.
Maybe they'll even play us some tapes.
What you know about broadcasting, man, you better start getting with it.
Hang around with that Dave Ann Boring.
Now, what do you don't know, John Fassenda?
Anyway, it says the bottom line is this.
South Florida is a closed society with no sense of humor to which I would say you are absolutely correct.
It says, thank God I travel 20 weeks a year.
And thank God for me.
I'm out of there about 45 weeks a year, eh?
Oh, Canada.
Uh, boy, I'm telling you.
There ain't nothing like it.
On my way to Atlanta today, where the people smile and speak English.
Be in California and Vegas later this month.
Well, congratulations.
Just keep traveling, baby.
That's my advice to all you people stuck in South Florida.
Keep traveling, keep taking trips.
In fact, if you can't take a trip out of town, Georgia, I hope you take a trip.
He's got some good crap.
They got rid of it over there by the barber shop this morning.
I wish.
Here's one that says for the poll, let Beck Finn in Philadelphia.
Sounds like a frog place to me.
Can you believe that frog sitting next to me at the casino wins four grand in about ten minutes on a machine
and I just moved my ass off the chair?
Just moved it.
I just, oh, Christ.
So you used up all your luck getting those daytime games when you're on.
You spent it.
Doing what?
The day games that are on the show.
The game?
Well, you wish.
Those baseball games, so you get these short shows, see?
Like, holy bulls, you all come up with luck.
Huh.
Let me just say this to you, okay?
Next Thursday, I would rather work the whole four hours than I would rather go on the four grand.
Another that's going to change my life, but just out of principle.
I can't stand it with some obnoxious bastards, some frog with big humongous, buvo eyes, is sitting next to me.
And then he's bitching about the fact that I'm the one who got twenty-five hundred bucks.
The other, the third matching one was done the line below the pay line, you know?
Oh, Gio, look, if I would have just had that ten grand, you am thickened you miserable piece of crap, yeah.
You are ungrateful.
You ought to be kissing that machine.
You ought to be kissing my ass that I moved it off the chair.
You fat frog fart.
Well, look at that. I said all those things and I didn't have to dump any of them.
I was thinking something else would add a...
The Dick Cheney word. Did it start with the net?
Yes.
The Dick Cheney word, man.
Anyway, what restaurant, anywhere in the world outside Flutter 4, or something,
we probably should change it, Eric. It is or was the best ever.
Peter Luger's steak has the Eric 27.
Emeralds in Vegas, nice choice there, Josh. I told you eight.
Maybe I have an eating at Emeralds. What's the other one?
There are so many in the MGM.
There is one called the Brown Derby that is very... it is okay.
Do you ever eat the Brown Derby?
No.
Do you like anything of Wolfgang Pucks?
Oh, that is the one. Very good. How did you know that?
I am just guessing.
Well, Emeralds, it is kind of a pre-fab thing. They are all over the place.
Wolfgang Schmuck, very... they give you a huge, huge portion.
Not as big as the Runway 84, which you are going to get to eat there sometime.
I am telling you right now.
My good friend...
All right, friend Derek, we will set you up at the Runway 84.
Maybe you are running him over there. Okay?
I am waiting.
And the reason he is going to do is...
I want to make him an offering, gentlemen.
That is right. You will love it in there.
I love seeing all the guys with a pinstripe, suits and there are funny hats.
I got a fedora I can wear over there.
Peter Luger, 27, Emeralds in Vegas, eight Rosewood, grillin' Vegas, six.
Lime in in the Virgin Islands, where we got to find out where that was.
The Chintiki in Detroit was great.
Three votes. I am so pleased to see that.
See some people with some serious taste.
Commanders, Palace in Nolines has got three.
The Rhapsody, we got it spelt right, and the Georgia's got the only vote.
I would have voted for that if I thought of it.
That was just outstanding.
Probably too good.
It was very good, like flawless.
Yeah. Fabulous, really gourmet stuff.
And the desserts there, not that I am in the mood for them, but...
Oh, man.
That's where I had my first banana sposter, man.
Well, they're gonna foster you a banana's, yeah.
I think we had that there.
Rhapsody in Vegas had one.
A B-feeters got one, and that's it.
So that's our list so far.
Well, expand, it just relax.
Oh, yeah. Rhapsody was primo, man.
That was just fabulous.
But I would say the crown in the Trappocan.
Have you ever walked through the Trappocan where they had all the parrots in the hallways there?
And it's a neat place. I like that.
Right. It's a little chisie.
And one, it's a little one.
Chisie.
Chisie?
Swishie?
No.
See, I was just about to talk about the slots again.
No, one thing about the slots in the Trappocan.
Yeah.
They're either...
They're kind of like some of the bras.
Oh, no, they're either really loose or very, very tight.
Yeah.
Nothing in between.
Yeah, no, I have no...
Very, very loose or very, very tight as a sneered rum.
1157 at 560 WQIN.
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs?
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services
and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover
to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation in 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets
of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details
to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation
with no obligation.
Call them toll free at this number.
Call 1-866-8Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
My, my, and local.
This is 43560.
This is 12-1 hour on Q-8M.
There's a bio that I've written.
Call my wife about why house days soon Hillary will be bitter.
10 million.
That's what they paid.
There's a chapter on my impeachment and the hefty return.
I'm pointing the hall.
I got busted for my cheating.
Oh boy.
In my life I wrote it all and besieged my skanky lovers.
There's some crap in there.
Now my policies but those pages won't get noticed.
So just think of them as a waste of trees.
Still I hope you go and buy yourself a copy.
So I can sell more than Hillary.
Then you can read about a girl who's fat and sloppy.
Oh my life ain't ready to cheat.
Oh my life ain't ready to cheat.
Oh my man.
See we sure met Sam, though, right?
Yeah.
It's a 1203 or 506-2M.
We got another death.
We do?
But you're not going to know who this is.
I'll give you a little clue.
How's that?
Well, Carl Perkins is already dead.
Not Chuck Berry.
You ain't nothing but a happy daughter.
Elvis is dead.
Legendary Cleveland, this doc, he built Randall,
who was instrumental in introducing it up.
Were you listening?
You might learn something now.
Besides Fuzball and Shmeer the Queer.
Kuzball.
Now what is Shmeer the Queer?
What is it?
They changed the name because of political incorrectness.
Yeah.
We used to like Shmeer the Queer.
I would discuss this with Joe in his day.
They called it Kill the Man with the Ball.
Like somebody would have the ball and then everyone would try to tackle that guy.
So he'd hand it off at that point or throw it away.
And it would just run around light.
It's a field game.
It's a field game?
Well, you know where you play it, maybe.
Legendary Cleveland, this doc, he built Randall,
who was instrumental in introducing Elvis Presley to the American music scene.
As died at the age of 81, says W-R-M-R-A-M.
They said his last show was have been pre-recorded with broadcast Sunday along with a memorial program.
Randall is credited with bringing Presley to American radio.
And over the years, he up the careers of dozens of other stars including Tony Bennett.
What a shame.
Bobby Diren, Rosemary Clooney.
Oh, come on, am I how?
All the greats.
Johnny Ray speaking of a Faye and Fats Domino.
My favorite Fats Domino, the Fat Want Man and Twan Fats Domino.
Great.
Nobody don't like Fats Domino.
I bet you're a Josh Domino who Fats Domino is.
Sure, I do.
You do?
He knows him as a notorious B.I.G.
Randall arranged the 1955 Cleveland performance for Presley with Headliners Pat Boone in the box and Bill Haley in the comments.
The two concerts only Presley's second gig in the North became part of Rock Lore because they were filmed for Universal Short titled The Pied Piper of Cleveland, which was about Randall.
How do you like that?
He doesn't say, oh yeah, he was 81.
If you can't call the rap, my phone can actually speak still.
So maybe he and Elvis are hanging out together in that big, big, uh, control room in the sky.
Here's big in a control room.
Here's the facts that points out.
Maybe maybe the other person that facts before that couldn't hear Howard was in Dave County.
I didn't notice because in Dave County, one of three point one is the top 40 station in Tabernay or in the Keys.
You can't pick up the one or three point one.
The buzz from the Palm Beach isn't it the buzz or is it something else?
Josh, that's the buzz.
The buzz.
You can't get a buzz in the Dave County against the law.
I'll assure a lot of smoke out there. Maybe that's what all that smoke is from.
Well, that's right back.
Here's the facts from Judy who says, good morning.
Just wanted to let you know I sent you to the Trappocan with your friend over 10 years ago.
Thank you, Judy.
Your favorite restaurant is gone.
Yeah, I knew that.
The new one is called Pietros, but it's still the same chef.
So I bet it's still outstanding. I didn't know that.
Thank you, Judy.
She's the one that hooked us up as well.
Thank you, Judy. You're the best.
Love you.
By the way, a push-windsman has been our moving to Canada, eh?
Can't blame them.
Oh, and you know something I haven't talked about?
That's it.
Because it's my first opportunity to wait.
I'm sure you're talking about it at length in between Fuzball and Schmier the Charter.
The July surprise.
No.
You haven't talked about that?
Which one?
About finding Osama or else?
Oh, well, everybody's talking about that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I didn't bring it up.
It's just out there.
What do you mean you didn't bring it up?
But everybody's been talking about it.
It's just unbelievable.
I mean, how can anybody vote for these grave robbers, assuming we have an election, which we might not?
I mean, they're telling the...
They're telling, uh...
I shot Mochera for over there in Pakistan.
They're telling him, hey, they're Osama by a before the election.
Or no F-16s, baby.
We're going to make it an offer you can't refuse.
And then we're going to turn around and say Yamama, right before we finish with that.
We'd rather say Osama, but if he forces to say Yamama, we'll say it.
And then incredible or what?
No.
Very credible.
Wow.
I got a whole stir.
It's on our website from New Republic.
Pakistan for Bush, July surprise.
Question mark.
Late last month, President Bush lost his greatest advantage and has been for reelection.
A poll conducted by ABC News, The Washington Post discovered the Challenger John Kerry was running
even on the critical question of whom voters trust to handle the war on terrorism.
This spring, the administration significantly increased its pressure on Pakistan to kill or capture Osama bin Laden,
his deputy Eman alza waheri, or the Taliban's Mullah Omar, Mullah Bullah Omar, all of whom are believed to be hiding in the lawless tribularies of Pakistan,
kind of like the lawless tribal area of Dade County.
A succession of high level American officials from outgoing CIA director George Tennant, the Secretary of State,
Colin Powell, to assistant secretary, State Christina Raka, the State Department counterterrorism chief,
Kofa Black, to top CIA, South Asia officials, have visited Pakistan in recent months to urge President
Provert, Meshraf's government to do more in the war on terrorism.
In April, Zalme Khalilza, the American ambassador, all these names are the same to me.
American ambassador to Afghanistan publicly chided the Pakistanis for providing a sanctuary for al-Qaeda and Taliban forces crossing the Afghan border.
The problem hasn't been solved, needs to be solved as soon as the veterinary said, the public pressure would be appropriate even in lawtable,
had it not been accompanied by an unscindly private assistance, insistence that the Pakistanis deliver these high-value targets,
HVTs, before Americans go to the polls in November.
So maybe we put these two stories together, you see?
If we can postpone the election in November even a few weeks, it gives us more time for our good buddies over there,
and maybe some of our undercover people, they will be looking for Osama Yamama.
We must find Osama before anybody's allowed to vote, okay?
Okay.
The Bush administration denies its gear the war on terrorism to the electoral calendar,
and attitude nations have been the same since September 11th, in terms of getting high-value targets off the street,
and that doesn't change because of election, said national security council spokesman Sean McCormick,
but there's a big but, but the new republicans learn that Pakistani security officials have been told they must produce HVTs by the election.
According to one source in Pakistan's powerful inter-services intelligence, the ISI,
the Pakistani government is really desperate once the flush out bin Laden went and outlets flush him out,
and his associates after the latest pressures from the US administration to deliver before the upcoming elections.
Introducing target dates where Al-Qaeda captures is a new twist in US Pakistani counterterrorism relations
according to a recently a departed intelligence official.
No time tables were discussed in 2002 or 2003, but the November election apparently is bringing a new deadline pressure to the hunt.
Another official, this one from the Pakistani Interior Ministry, which is responsible for internal security explains,
the Musharraf government has a history of rescuing the Bush administration,
now they want Musharraf to bail them out when they're facing hard times in the upcoming elections.
A third source who works on the ISI's director informed the new republic that the Pakistan has been told at every level
that the apprehension or killing of HVTs before the election is an absolute must.
The last 10 days of July deadline has been given repeatedly by visitors to Islamabad and during meetings in Washington.
I'm aware of no such comments as McCormick, he don't know nothing, you know? He didn't know no Godfather.
And it goes on about how Paul did not commit the US to selling F-16s to the Pakistan,
which had desperately wanted to tilt the regional balance of power against India and Pakistan is fear that if they don't produce an HVT, they won't get the F-16s.
Equally they fear that if they don't deliver either Bushray prospective care administration would turn its attention to the apparent role of Pakistan security establishment and facilitating their illicit proliferation network.
One Pakistani general recently watched and confided in a journalist if we don't find these guys by the election, they're going to stick this whole nuclear mess up our f**k hole. How do you like that?
He said, right up our f**k hole, meaning stick it right up our ass.
And the public sits back and why isn't the media screaming about this? Why are the democrats screaming and carrying on like crazy about it?
What kind of a bunch of whims that we got, we don't have a two party system, we got a no party system, the party's over, baby.
Oh by the way, what's your name, don't work at the cops anymore?
What's your name?
You're a good friend Cheryl.
Oh she doesn't?
Thanks for your message Cheryl, she called and left another message.
I'm still not going to call you.
The party's over sweetheart.
That's my opinion, I'm like this.
Oh man.
What a business.
We got stupid talk back on 940, we got the callators back W. Y.
And see we got everything except something you might want to listen to, okay?
Wow, on tape.
What restaurant anywhere in the world outside of South Florida, the best or present or past?
88 votes.
Peter Luger 33, that's a lot.
That's in New York.
Emeralds in Vegas 10, commanders, palace in Nalewins 10, Roosevelt, Grille in Vegas 8,
Lyme in in the Virgin Islands 6, Noble in New York, where did that come from?
Dave Hagen called that one in.
Thanks a lot Dave, and thanks for the tip on stupid talk.
Man, at Dave Hagen he's got his thumb right on the pulse of it, you know?
Oh no.
Especially if it's kosher.
Noble in New York 4, Chintiki Indy Troids got 3, Raps in Vegas 2, man it was so good.
Raps city.
B feeder in the UK's got a pair, Levex in and Philadelphia's got 2 and O Donald's in Maryland don't have any.
Are you sure that that's a...
Are you sure?
What it is?
No we're not sure.
Well, let's find out.
My, and look around, it's a 420560.
What you waiting for, you aya.
That was for you, Scorrin.
Absolutely.
In all my videos, see my lashes tell the dee.
And then I'm newlyweds I show how dumb of long can be.
Uh-huh.
Growing and I'm showing why I keep these boobs tucked inside.
Even though guys want them just neglects she gets to stay.
My love, so am I grassy again.
My love, so am I grassy again.
My love, you sold out best, you sold out best.
I just had an inspiration if WRFX if Schlachsports can change collars every 5 minutes and they're back to WIENZ when we change our collars to WTIT.
Okay, then.
Can't you just see the promotional possibilities there? Probably Donna Shalela would be upset about that.
I was about to argue with you, but I like it.
I thought Donna Shalela from what I hear she might enjoy that a lot.
Really?
She don't like we got balls, but she might like WTIT.
And John Ascro probably won't like it.
That's a lot of ways.
We got all kinds of boobs before they run our website today.
We don't just have our usual picture Connie Celica's.
They're a very fine picture for many years ago.
We also underneath that we got boobs a lot.
Something for you to play with.
Well, hopefully they already got that.
But at any rate, just drag your mouse on the lawnmite and round it and up and down it and all over the place.
She can't have too many, you know.
Right.
Shrek Joe Kuz is Israel offense.
Oi!
Israeli singer David Dauwer complained over a reference to him in the Hebrew translation that he said he had implied he had been castrated.
Kind of like Geldie.
The animated comedy had one character threatened to emasculate and otherwise saying,
let's do a David door on him a reference to the singer's voice.
Like Geldie.
Israeli distributors told BBC News online they had changed the remark in new versions of the film.
It would have been sent to cinemas across Israel by Sunday.
The film intends to present me in perpetuity as a unique, a man with no testicles and turned me into a laughing stock Mr. Dauwer told an Israeli newspaper and of a legal hearing on Monday.
But by then the distributors El-Rom 2000 had had a week to change the controversial sentence to,
let's take a sword and newt rim.
Spokeswoman Nathab Ben Svee told BBC News online,
Ms. Ben Svee said the judge had accepted a change they had made.
She said they met no offense to the singer represented Israel with the last Eurovision song contest.
We received what we wanted and the movies were switched in the audio audio.
Since the debut in the US May 19th, Shrek 2 has become one of the 10 top or successful films today clenching record box office figures for an animated film.
I'm sure Josh is going to see it.
Not.
John.
If you tell me that you went to see Shrek 2, that's it.
No.
Because it'd be very good.
Yeah.
No, seriously.
Because you'll have to have a spanking.
Dough told me that if you post a next stunt you pull, he's going to come in there and personally give you a spanking.
Right over his knee.
That's what he told me this morning when you're out of the room.
Now let's see for our pull.
Let's get some names on this pool.
I got a few more here for you.
Okay.
Here is one.
I wish I could change my vote.
The Prince spaghetti house in Boston.
Oh.
Now you're going to say, well, how great could it be?
I could put that place in LA in Rome.
How would it be?
I would put it in Rome on it, but I don't know the real name of it.
I want to always raving about by the Star Metropolitan Hotel.
Oh.
Mamma mia.
It is so good you could cry.
Mamma mia.
But the Prince spaghetti house in fact, what was it two-year Wednesdays?
Prince spaghetti day?
They were saying two-year Wednesdays.
Why whatever in Boston?
And if there were Prince spaghetti houses, it was a shame all over the city.
A man, they had like 60 different kinds of pizza.
I mean, if a spaghetti.
With the sausage, with meatballs, with this, whatever you like.
It was fabulous.
That's where I gained all my weight.
That's where I got fed as a cow.
So anyway, let's add that on.
And also, we got a couple more.
And you're right.
You're right, Rick.
I'm so sorry, I apologize.
I got to have that clip also Thursday morning.
Okay.
Along with...
Right salad.
Boy, that big...
Oh!
It is a pan again.
Wow.
I never thought I'd laugh at anything he said.
Omaha, Nebraska, home of some of the greatest restaurants ever.
That great Midwestern meat.
And I'm talking about the food, too.
Okay.
Ross's steakhouse.
Omaha, got it.
And there's one that gives it a run for the money where they have the fried ravioli.
Oh, have you ever had those?
No, that sounds wonderful, though.
They had fried ravioli's and they bring it like a little tomato sauce,
a little hot tomato sauce, and a...
For dipping sauce.
Oh, mamamia.
See, there we go again with the food, just what I'm doing well.
Mamma...
Mamamia!
Mr. Sees.
Mr. MR.
Period.
See a pasta feast.
I got a spell, because Josh is a little bit spelling a challenge here today.
Today?
Mr. Sees, got it?
In Omaha.
Oh, it is a...
It's probably even better than Emeralds.
I know that comes a great shock to you.
The fact that Emeralds is tied for a second place, I don't think I ever ate there.
So I take that back.
Maybe you've got a good point.
Plus, I can't stand him anyway.
I just look at him and I want to go...
Damn.
Peter Luger's steakhouse, 39 in New York.
I've never eaten there, but man, everybody just raves about it.
They said you can't touch their meat.
Emeralds, 12 in Vegas.
Commander's palace in Nolines has moved out of the past.
It's got a dozen.
Rosewood, Grille in Vegas, 10.
The line in the Virgin Islands has seven.
How do you like that?
Aren't you surprised?
I am.
Nobu in New York, 6.
B. Peter in U.K. 5.
It's Intiki in Detroit 3.
Lebeck Finn in Philadelphia 3.
Rhapsody in Vegas 3.
A two.
Anodontals in Maryland finally got one.
So they must be right out of...
We only got 100 votes because there's only a few names on there.
And if I shut up and take some calls, we get some more, but I'm having too much fun.
Well, you know, when you're only on two days a week through any summer months,
we don't have that much of a chance to ramble in just to rip everybody and ask.
Rack them.
Things like that.
Somebody QA him.
Hello.
Yeah, Bernstakehouse, baby.
Good one.
Now, how could I forget, man?
I apologize again.
Bernstakehouse in Tampa.
That's not South Florida.
Yeah, why say South Florida?
We're talking about Dave Brown.
South Florida.
Yeah.
Bern, now you've been here, haven't you?
No.
No?
No.
Holy moly.
And now he's dead.
Bernlaks you and that's because he died early because...
I sent him millions of dollars worth of business over many years when I was a WS News and I won.
I never forget that time I went there and met him and he gave me the tour of the place and said,
well, I never try to repay a kindness with another kindness, but except my best wishes.
In other words, he still got to charge me for the frickin' meal.
And back in those days, I wasn't making a big box.
You know, a nice free meal at the Bernstakehouse would have been a nice gesture on his part.
You know?
That would have been cheap pasture, but now he's dead.
But anyway, now they also got this big dessert room upstairs.
It's different from when I was there.
And you pay by the pound.
You pay by the weight of the steak.
Oh, of the steak.
All right.
No, not by your weight.
Oh, yeah.
Fat boy walks in there.
They put him on that meat scale.
That'll be $4,000 for dinner, Mr. Ruff.
Yeah.
That's a good idea, though.
That is a good idea, depending on...
In fact, they should do that at a buffet.
It encourages you, too.
Yeah.
That's a great idea.
Oh, bro, there's a Sunday brunch that I go to every week with a friend we've been going for a long time here.
And if you could see, there's one guy comes in there.
How he sits in one chair.
How he puts that huge, large ass in one chair just beats the crap out of me.
He's just enormous.
Yeah.
And he comes back from this, I don't know how many trips he makes to the buffet.
About third man.
On the brunch, but he comes back and his plate, he's got piled up all of his bread.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I guess he goes there to like keep up his balk or something.
I don't know what that's all about.
To keep up his heft.
It's kind of disgusting.
Any buffet you go to, like our friends at the Emerald Coast, you can go there and the food is great,
but you'll see some of the customers there.
Any brunch or buffet, there's always a bunch of huge, quirky people there.
Loading up.
Just what they need.
I can't begin to tell you what a difference is.
I don't want to sound corny or over- emphasize this.
I just lost my desire for all that crap.
It just went away.
Maybe because you're so depressed.
Yeah, that must be it.
Can't you tell?
That's right.
You can't eat.
You're so bereaved.
That's right.
But like PD Lenny said, thanks for the card, PD Lenny.
He's the only one on the staff president that passed it sent a card.
Thank you.
Thanks for the flowers, Greg, even though you're out of town.
PD Lenny said a nice guy.
He says he hopes that I find peace.
Well, I think I have found peace.
Of 26 past noon at 5.60.
Speaking of big fat guys, summer is here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt at the pool?
Or wear that nice skirt you saw in the window?
I'm not wearing it.
So what are you doing to finally lose weight and feel better about yourself?
Well, your mother can't die every day, so here's the maybe the next best thing.
You have to take advantage.
Now that sounds bad, isn't it?
Meeting bad.
No.
Like I said, here's the next worst thing.
Take advantage of balance for life.
Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered to your door daily and still lose weight?
And don't forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals.
Each week you'll get a different menu with two selections for every meal.
No other company offers this.
Pick out your breakfast, your lunch, your dinner and two snacks.
That's it.
No cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting.
You'll lose weight fast because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, kind of J. Sears and Brian Sears.
And Jean too, Rest in Peace.
For example, menu choices this week are Portobello and Provalone Omelette, Veal Marcello and Crab Louis Salon.
Now are we sure this because this is last week, is this this week's?
No, it's this week's I guess, huh?
I'll take your word for it.
Oh, no, it's the 14th, but it's the 14th of June.
Nice going air, Troy, you idiot.
Oh, brother, we got a sales staff or what, huh?
They put the, the, Troy.
They put the ST and stiff our sales staff.
For example, menu choices this week are whatever they might be.
How can you call that dieting?
People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying.
Plus for a limited time, get a free pedometer when you sign up.
Just stick it on your ankle.
Track your steps and increase the weight loss.
And now try their special seven day trial never tried before, but you can do it by calling 1-866-2254543.
1-866-2254543.
And don't forget, if you tried all of the diets and your frustrated and you just can't lose an ounce, this could be the answer you're looking for.
It's a piece of cake.
Check them on the web if you like it.
Balance for like com or make that call 1-866-2254543.
5-6656-3 is all yours.
You win!
Are you laughing for me?
No!
It's my word!
We'll be when on TV and talk to Tim Russell.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
I'm going to be on the show.
WDQM. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, first of all, I'd like to thank you for that website
because that is a lifeline to reality for the past three years in training.
It's your husband, especially today's with all of my boobs on there too.
I'm sort of shocked, but yet not shocked that one of the stories I read on your website
concerning our illustrious number two.
I mean, that in every sense of the word.
Thank you.
Jamie's indictment in the french court in subsequent looking
into by the secrary's exchange commission.
Not a word, not a bretthe bit, in any news outlet period.
I've talked about it on the last Thursday, on the show.
I made an effort.
Personally, how many people have I got listed?
About 30, man.
It's that's the way it goes.
It gets worse and worse.
Anyway, carry on Neil, we'll see you at the border.
Thanks a lot, Pally. We'll have a welcome welcome committee for you.
And some of that great Canadian bacon, eh?
Well, it's the movie Michael Moore made about the U.S. got bored.
It was about nine years ago in me that movie they invaded Canada.
Okay. You ever saw that?
It's held familiar.
Oh, yeah.
5'6'7, 05'60, 05'60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lime 20-1.
We got the mad dog at two.
Oh, right.
You got the Humper at four.
And then you got at seven o'clock the crow because it's all stir game,
right?
You know that normal cancer the all stir game.
Right, you said it about that?
I am now.
Uh, two words, overgrown child.
When you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional service, there's only
one place to go and it's brandy shoes and pompano.
At brandy's you'll find the biggest selection means a woman's shoes, which is why people
are going back a year after year after year plus the best in service and unbeatable prices
too.
That's the big part.
All the top names in the shoe business that you know will love are waiting for you at
Brandy's rock forwards, spary, SAS, Floreshaw, Timberlin, Naturalizer and lots more.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, you can bet Greg reads life on it.
Whatever style you want is in stock.
In your size right now, ready to slap on your smelly feet.
Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday night until nine, Sundays, 10-05.
And you'll fight them in the same great place.
They've been going strong for about a long, long time.
1290, North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach.
It's always worth a trip from anywhere now.
It's a great time to buy those fantastic new balance shoes this week at Brandy's because
all men's and women's styles are 20% off.
How can you beat that?
So come into the store, check them out online at Brandy's shoes dot com.
We're sports radio fighters.
You AM.
Holy mackinon.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neal God.
All right.
I have no idea.
She was a model, a ten on the scale.
Was a fine teacher.
Her methods were held.
The world was her oyster, but Debbie got nails.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Absolutely.
Her lover was 14 with sits on his face.
Oh my God.
Then she'll for was 15.
He drove them all over the place.
Oh my God.
Shame on you Debbie.
A newly wed disgrace.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
She is a drop dead gorgeous blue-eyed angel who likes them middle school boys.
They were her toy.
In a back seat came her defeat.
Won't ever be teaching.
She'll now be a vamp.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Talk shows and comics all over the screen.
They're talking about Debbie and her young teen.
Butterfly tattoos with some Chinese in between.
That is why this teacher is a tram.
She'll make a million on her first book.
Are you sure?
The TV movie will have us all hooked.
Her 14 year old lover.
He made her a crook.
That's why this teacher is a tram.
Larry King, Leno Moreo Proud.
She'll be doing those shows.
That's the life she chose.
She's losing, but I food.
Sweet Debbie LaFave.
Please heed your call.
Please won't you teach me.
I'll arrange the grand.
Come on, baby.
Please be my tram.
When we get the naked pictures of Debbie LaFave on our website, we got a couple of facial pictures.
One good one I sent to Eric.
Let's get him on there.
Right by our booby trap.
This Englishman in Miami is very offended by what I said.
Too bad.
Earlier he sent me the facts about the beef eater.
We put it on the polls.
Got one or two votes.
But I said British food is.
It's like Dutch food.
Dutch food is much worse than British food.
It's real.
It's 100%.
Nobody goes to Amsterdam.
What if I always said?
People go to Amsterdam for two things.
Drugs and sex.
I'm just telling you.
From eating chips and a lot of experience.
Drugs and sex.
I don't do drugs.
So what does that leave?
That's Amsterdam.
Amsterdam.
Amsterdam.
I'm just a dumb.
Okay.
The food there is pure garbage.
Now this guy says you really offended me when you said our food is crap.
What your food is?
My idea of a good meal isn't stuffing my face for three hours at an old-y-can-eat restaurant.
Or sitting McDonald's refilling my gigantic soda as 12 times.
Over here it's all about eating as much as you can and greed.
Well that's true, but we happen to have a lot of great restaurants.
That's why this country is filled with some of the most disgusting obese people on the globe.
Certainly no obese British men are there.
Like that wine sign Churchill for example.
Now most of the British people are skinny and pasty and look like they just went through Auschwitz like the Dutch.
And as for George's podiums today you should have put chicken on there.
If the people of this country knew what was in the chicken they eat I guarantee you would have topped the list.
Chicken, chicken, chicken all the time it says here.
You really believe there's enough chickens to be this overweight country?
No, the chickens are pump full of chemicals and crap and fed feces to fatten them up.
Lovely. Should have put that on there pulled.
Then served to us.
Ask yourself this why, why are females in this country so developed and such an early age?
Not like that in Europe you see girls over here getting their periods when they're eight walking around like a fully grown woman by the time they're 12.
For which everybody in America says, oh right.
What's that to like?
It's very sad that there's nothing that can be done.
But if you're ever in England go to the beef eater, have a nice English supper and you'll change your mind.
Uh no.
First of all, will I ever be in England?
No.
There is about as much chance of my visiting England as there is my visiting Israel on a scale of zero minus infinity.
Okay, I give it a big point.
Oh, yeah, it's slightly safer in England.
Oh yeah, and of course, thank goodness that their meat supply, that their food supplies nice and safe like with that mad cow.
Yeah, I'll take a chicken over an English cow any day.
Yeah, or some of those other delicacies that you people eat over there like that spotted dick and all that other crap.
And the bangers and mash.
Oh God, a fish and chips and tot in your hole.
Oh brother, even Richard Gehrgetzup said what he hears about that.
Maybe you know what I have those bug eyes like that guy that sat down to man in the casino next to me the other day.
Oh man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the A.
I mean, America, I don't care what anybody says.
I haven't been in Asia, so I can't talk about there.
But of the places I've been, there are a lot of things in America to criticize.
But of the places that I've been and I've been in quite a few countries, America's got the best variety of food anywhere.
Sure.
The best choices.
There's no plan, you know, tied in food, certainly Italy is much much better than no question.
But you're not going to get a great stake in Italy, at least I haven't found any or not that I want any.
But I'm just saying that's not their bag, that's not their thing.
If you want to tie in food, you go to Italy for the best.
But as far as our country that's got phenomenal Chinese food and any of the group you name, Dutch, Dutch, German, right?
Right. Because we got them all over here.
Right.
So don't be a sour crowd, okay, my British friend and Tatthai and whatever.
Much up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
And how's that mad cow coming by the way, huh?
In fact, I think it was one of those summers was it about three years ago.
That was an Amsterdam for the whole summer. Remember that?
Yeah.
When your wife pulled out summer surprise.
Yeah.
Or maybe that was the July surprise that article was about.
But anyway, that was when they had the big mad cow thing and everybody even in Holland was panicking because of the abritser right there across the North Sea.
Oh, please don't let any of that nasty British meat in here.
I can vouch for that.
WQA, hello.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good. How you doing?
Okay.
Listen.
Yeah.
It's time to drink the boaches.
Yeah, okay. Great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, that was that Billy Shears, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Line 9's ringing. WQA, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Hey, best restaurant, I think is probably greened off and in.
That's in Cape Alutra.
And I think it's on what?
Cape Alutra.
It's in the islands.
Cape Alutra?
Alutra.
Oh, Alutra.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
And in the deep rock.
Probably the other one's got to be Domenico's in New Orleans.
Okay.
And we can't be corkies out.
Alright, excellent.
Thank you so much.
Time is issue on.
Hey, it might not hire him, David Ross.
At least they'll put a little humor there on your day 940.
On your stupid talk.
Alutra.
Yeah, you got it?
Oh, I can't wait to see how he spells that.
I use my voice my back.
ELUTHRA is netted.
I don't know.
I'm good at spelling, man.
I am good at smelling.
I'm good at spelling.
I'm good at spelling.
Oh, boy.
Peter Luger's stay-house in New York is number one.
The best restaurant outside of South Florida of all time present past.
Is or was very, that Eric, man.
He is, uh, is better all the terrible things you say about him.
All I got to do is just drop some little hint.
Man, he is right on it.
It's the labor of love, man.
Peter Luger's stay-house is when it hands down, man.
I wish, of course, we got all these New Yorkers, you know.
Now, Josh said he was in New York.
Where did you say you went to some Skanky Club?
Scores.
Oh, no, a good club.
That's right, because we're going to be doing spots for them.
So we've got to say it's a really great place.
I thought you went to some Skanky Place like Club 54,
which I'm sure is long out of business.
Scores.
Right, did you score?
Yeah.
No.
Well, what's the point then?
Because there is no sex in the champagne room.
Oh, damn it.
What a bad break.
Oh, and you didn't get to Peter Luger's well as only about how many
thousand great restaurants in New York?
About 30, man.
Say what you will.
Just like I said about the US.
Say what you will about New York.
A man there are restaurants there.
And I haven't been there in a long time.
I have no desire to go there because if I want to see a lot of Jews,
I can go to a sunrise.
But it's just amazing the number of great restaurants.
So I'm sure you didn't get to Peter Luger's plus it's a way out of your budget anyway.
46 for Peter Luger's without great steak sauce.
Burns steakhouse in Tampa, 19.
You see Burns move up the list from nowhere.
Oh, it's great place.
It's fabulous.
Now, see, you should go over there.
Yeah.
You got to take your whole family over there to Burns and let the Greg by a nice dinner.
It's the least you can do for it for all this hard work you do in all summer long.
What are you laughing about?
Or just take your girlfriend over there.
Forget the family.
All right.
Embrals in Vegas, 17.
Rosewood Grill in Vegas, 15.
Commanders, Palace in Nolene, 15.
No boo in New York has got 12.
What is that?
We know what that is.
Yeah, it's owned by one of the iron chefs.
Isn't it a Japanese?
Yes, it is.
Well, it sounds like it to me.
Well, what kind of people eat the Japanese food like Greg Reed?
Do you know what I'm saying?
You like Japanese food?
I don't know why you hate the Japanese.
What did they ever do to you?
I don't hate it.
When did I ever say that?
You were making fun of their food and you've never had any.
Yeah.
Well, I like the brits which I do hate most of them.
I have had their food and it's garbage.
The Japanese out of it.
No problem.
They're very obedient, civilized people and they just go step right along as too many
of them.
And the food is delicious.
And of course the Chinese, that's, wow.
Did you see the thing that I'm about all the bootlegs, the, oh man, all the rip off stuff,
those Chinese you've got to watch out.
They're going to be our undoing.
You think?
Yeah.
You think?
Lime in the Virgin Islands 9.
We got 400,000 Chinese people here in Toronto.
You don't mess with our Chinese friends, all right?
Nothing could be finer than to see your body on Spadina.
Anyway, Lebeckson in Philly 8, D. Feeder in UK 6.
See, there's six votes for you, Limey.
Bastardly Malone.
Prince spaghetti house in Boston 5.
Oh, this is so great.
Chintiki Detroit 5.
The Coral Gables in Michigan.
I couldn't you put East Lansing in Michigan.
Jesus, Josh.
Like you don't know it from East Lansing.
Three, Rhapsody in Vegas 2.
Rossus State, Castell Omaha 2.
O'Donnells in Maryland 2.
Earl's in Vancouver 1.
And Mr. Seasonal Mojado in any it's got.
That is on American.
I'll tell you right now.
That is communist inspired.
No, none of us for Mr. Seasonal's fried ravioli's.
And fantastic stakes.
Profit the 7.
And you know something, you can talk about food from Natalie at the time.
It's just gone.
I don't even fear that it's going to come back.
My sugar rediction is just gone.
In fact, I know where you could find it too.
Yeah, it's in the box with mom and that's stale pepperoni pizza that Jeff Cohen sent over.
If your carpet looks like hell, here's the answer for it.
Do what I've been doing for over 20 years and whole number of homes.
And other people have been doing for even longer than that because dry concepts has been around in town for 25 long, amazing years.
By the way, thanks to our friends at dry concepts this semi-unit sympathy card.
They're thoughtful. They're nice folks.
They are.
So call dry concept today and sanitize your home.
They have certified technicians you can trust in your house.
They will dry clean your carpets the likes of which you've never even dreamed of in your life if you never use these people before.
The stains go away and they don't come back.
Even the filthiest nastiest, most hopeless looking carpeting they'll make look and smell and feel just like brand new.
And beware those 595-per-room scams, those scam artists because they'll rip you off every time.
At dry concepts there's not a chance of ripping you off because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing that fantastic work.
And whether it's your carpeting, your area rugs, your oreo-rener rugs, your drape, your pulse, your all of these things.
Dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are dry in a couple of hours and you can really clean today and entertain tonight.
With over 20 years of continuous service in town you know you can really depend on these people.
They can do a fantastic job and like I said at a guaranteed price.
Give them a call tool for you. You'll never dream of calling anybody else when you do call.
Ask them to put you understand by a list which can save you an extra 15% off their already unbeatable price.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
This is 420-06-2-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
There's no one top-slaw under open air. Is it truly FB? I knew about the press. Did CIA make judgments that they now regret?
We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We
We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. We need to know. W estimated Monday supply for example vaccine by the U.S. military, or beforegov tbsp spray on ih imi social event of Ye sefly this year. The U.S. military, or before a tornado referring to God's sing Comment
is for all of us dog lovers Greeks to gas fifteen thousand dogs before the
Olympics. No, they don't say about the wear of geeks bearing gifts. Right? Experts,
in fact, what they used to say in Greece, beware of Greeks bearing
Gretchen. Experts fear up to fifteen thousand straight dogs will be poised
before next month's ethnic Olympics. So the city looks pristine. Well, isn't
that lovely? Remember that movie with John Stockwell pristine about that car?
Right. Authorities in the Greek capital fear the side of packs roaming the
streets will damage the country's bid to show its modern and civilized. Yeah,
we're really modern and civilized. We just gas all the animals out there. Maybe if we
have any street people will gas them too. Greek animal welfare groups say slaughter
of the city's estimated fifteen thousand straights has started. 80 dogs have
been found dead in Sardonia. I'm sorry. Sardonia Sardonia is a Vittaliano.
Sardonia coastal resort where members of the British team are expected to stay.
Sardinia, excuse me. Be this biachi. One animal welfare activist said there's been a
big increase in poisons. We expected to rise sharply in poisons. David Bowles of
the RSPCA International has been helping to train Greek officials to catch and
treat strays humanely. He said we're seriously concerned that thousands of
dogs will be poisons. So Greece can show Athens as a pristine modern city.
It would be your barbaric and sovereign only. They have pristine and modern.
Even though it's things like crazy there and it's filthy and filthy as hell and
nobody with a brain goes there. The only people who go to Greece are the islands.
Mekinos places like that. You what? I said that's where all the
Maticoni's go. You can I don't see anything on that on that the
Fudge report yet. That is embarrassing to me that CNN would be like a half hour ahead
of her. Wow. Talk about the Don is slipping.
In fact, maybe that's it's Fudge's slip. I'm seeing on there right now. 5 6 7
0 5 6 the best restaurant of all time outside of South Florida.
President or past.
I'm a QA and hello.
Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm actually can you speaking?
No, yes.
I had first the best restaurant in Europe and then
I'd like to put into the best at restaurant Italian restaurant in America.
Yes. Okay.
In Europe, less air in Paris. I do.
But when the roof opens up and the food is extraordinary.
How are we spelling this L A C E R?
I see. And then. Yes.
I'll an IDO El Nido on 50 second between 50 seconds and third street.
You mean there in New York City.
Okay. El Nido. Thank you so much.
What's his gracias? Are we there to you?
Ciao.
Do we when you come down again?
I see you're knocking a guy. He can't help it.
That he sounds like that. Oh, he ought to.
El Nido and I was in New York. Okay.
We're at the moment.
Well, at least the at least the answer to the poll.
Okay. The fact that he sounded like in a coma.
He can't help it. Maybe he was listening to John Kerry speak.
5 or L. Where was L?
How did what?
Where was L?
El Nido. New York. New York. Got it.
Justin. And the other one was in gay poppy.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line QAM.
Hello. Is this Neil?
Yes, man.
I have a what up like a.
The Justin for a poll.
Yeah. What about the favorite car from a TV show?
Like you mean car 54?
Yeah, like a four like the grand serenal from Starskine.
That kind of thing.
Yeah, David the hassle off.
Yeah, yeah, but yeah, I was I was in a big friend of a show.
How about that car on a doops of hazard?
General.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
I call it back when you grow up someday.
5 6 7 0 5.
Thought it was a lady and was a little kid.
Well, it's kids around the school now, right?
Yeah.
Kids around the school are going to have something to do.
And we certainly want to make very sure that none of you kids out there go to nearodgers.com.
If you're not at least 18 and have several pieces of ID, don't even think about clicking
that thing on there under right under John Ascroft's nose and looking all in booby pictures
because God only knows the punishment here.
You're going to burn in hell.
You could bet your life on it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
The Philippines are bailing out by the way they came then over that truck driver.
You know the hostage that they were going to be hit.
And they said, oh, no, please, please, please, please.
Okay.
So I guess they're going to let him go that whatever his name is.
We don't know what his name is.
The truck driver.
Flippy.
Yeah.
Flippy.
There's a lot of flippy's here, man.
There's a lot of everything here.
This is an amazing place.
You just, we'd be lost.
You wouldn't know what whether it's scream or either banana.
I'd be both.
WQM.
Hello.
Not there.
Not.
Don't like that sound.
WQM.
Hello.
Second row.
You're second row.
You're second row.
You're second row.
He's practicing for the sports shows, all right?
Just relax.
Shack and shack and shack and a big shack attack.
Yeah.
Really terminal, really pundrous.
Although I'll sit and tell one thing, be good pool for tomorrow.
Who's got a bigger head, shack or Joe Rose?
WQM.
Hello.
Not there.
QAM.
Hello.
Is this George?
Yes.
Hey, George, I got a restaurant for Neil's pool.
Okay.
In Chicago, Gene and George Eddie.
Gene?
Is it like G-E-N-E?
Yeah, G-E-N-E and the second word is George Eddie.
G-I-L-I-R.
It's George Eddie's.
Okay.
It's off of Ohio in downtown Chicago.
But Neil might have heard of it.
Great, great, great old Italian steakhouse.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Per.
All right, George.
Keep up the good work.
We'll do.
I'm thinking of myself, you know, because everything seems to...
Don't forget to tell Neil what that guy said.
What?
About Gene's and George Eddie.
Oh, yeah, hey, George.
Don't be interrupting what I just had a brainstorm.
I'm thinking of myself.
If these people were smart, what they would do was they get a hold of normal camp, because
even though he may ask me that.
What I'm thinking is that if I'm going to continue this deal and other like maybe three,
four, five, six years, I think maybe like during the summer, two days a week, we're extended
like maybe June, July and August.
And during the rest of the year, like Monday, Wednesday and Friday, we like just flip-flop.
Okay.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
Sure.
I don't think...
I think the idea of me going back every day, five days a week.
I don't think that's going to happen.
Can I get paid?
Well, of course.
I'll let them take a chunk out of whatever they're paying me.
I can got a few extra bucks in here somewhere.
You see what I'm saying?
I think that's a great idea.
Now, Greg, of course, luckily, is out of town, so he won't be here on that month.
On the other hand, probably, he's here.
Oh, gee, now here you see it, you know.
Oh, my God.
Because naturally, he's trying to feather his own ass because he knows the day that I walk out the door for the last time.
His ass will be right behind me.
I'll be looking over my shoulder.
Trust me when I tell you.
I'll be having a rearview mirror clip to my cat.
So that's something to think about, Duff, okay?
And clearance, something for you to ponder.
Get yourself secured for another couple of years.
Because I could handle like two, three days a week. That's fine.
Doing this crap every day, I think...
No.
...now, you've got to be in Elunitek.
Don't you agree?
Oh, no question.
You have to be a meaning.
Yeah, I mean, especially, you know, I had that thing with a table in there.
I had that collision with my dining room table.
We were like two colliding forces there.
Then it was like having a car accident, right?
And I still have like, you know, I must have like a minor concussion or something.
It's still have like, it's going to take me weeks.
Right, maybe that's why you don't remember any of those games we were talking about.
What?
12 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Hey, you're on the right station for games, baby.
It's all the games.
All the time.
People can relate to it.
That's right.
How about a little smear the queer?
Hey, when your hair looks like somebody smear you, bad.
You know who I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
If you look really like a clown, here's the answer for you.
Charles Alfiehrer, he's been doing it right for guys for more than 35 years.
He's been on Good Morning America, the today show CBS Morning News.
He's been all over the universe because his patented hair system,
the natural hairline system is the best goal in anywhere.
Charlie's new skin like hair system is so good it is 100% undetectable.
And Charlie gives it his 30 day guarantee.
Friars hair system, you try his piece for a month.
Just try it for a month.
And if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you don't look better than you ever dreamed you could again,
if the women and guys and everybody little animals are just crawling all over you,
if that isn't happening for you, then just return it for a full refot.
And don't forget Charles Alfiehrer also services and repairs existing here,
systems including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie Day and change your life forever.
Forget about the pills, forget about the muskrats.
Look like a bench called tool free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them on that wicked web at Charles Alfiehrerer.com.
My line and local, we're sports radio five 60s, you a-u-a-m.
Sleep?
If conventional sleep machines with settings like gentle rain and battling brook,
don't help, get the John Kerry sleep machine.
It lulls you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech.
I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine.
My international strategy is centered on an architect's...
And before I know it...
If I ever make a face to sleep, I'll be here in jail for the next one.
The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood,
from tax reform.
My new payroll tax credit would be stored for one of the most important things.
We're not looking today.
To the economy.
Before we can lay the foundation of the economic crisis, we must leave the foundation of economic and telephone.
Get the John Kerry sleep machine today, and with any luck, you'll sleep right through the election.
I'm John Kerry, and I approve the John Kerry sleep machine.
Available wherever I sleep machine.
Approved by John Kerry.
Let me tell you something.
118 is five, so please do.
Oh, and the speaker and the speaker is a queer. That's the Bush administration's favorite game now.
Isn't it?
All the other stuff that's gone on in the world and what are they bringing up this week?
Constitutional amendment to ban game areas.
Good time.
Good time.
Right.
You think it's to get nipity.
There you go.
Saudis, and how is it that CNN got this on their website?
Miss Fudge put a link on there, but it doesn't go anywhere yet.
It must be in progress.
He must have heard me a bitch in a mouth.
Nice going, Matt.
You're really slipping in your old age, sweetheart.
Probably got that big hat on too tight.
But he's also got a jug in a kit.
Joe Rose, a shack and Miss Fudge.
Who's got the biggest haid?
Not to get them all together.
There you go.
I don't think Joe wants any part of a Miss Fudge.
Maybe Shack.
Saudis bin Laden-aid surrenders.
A close associate of al-Qaeda leader, Osama Imam bin Laden, was flown from Iran to Saudi Arabia today.
After surrendering the security officials of the Saudi Embassy in Tehran,
Khaled al-Harbi, they show him here in his wheelchair, just smoking on in there,
was believed to have been living near the Afghan Iranian border.
Did you hear it by the Arabic television network al-Arabia?
Tuesday showed al-Harbi, whatever the Harvey, Paul Harvey, being carried from a plane and placed in a wheelchair.
Al-Harbi has believed to have fought with bin Laden against Russian forces in Afghanistan about 20 years ago.
Saudi officials believed he returned to Afghanistan in the mid-1990s joining up with al-Qaeda.
In late 2001, he was identified on a videotape conversing with bin Laden about the 9-11 attacks.
News of the surrender comes after a Saudi amnesty offer in late June for al-Qaeda fighters to surrender within a month.
And Robert Wicksler was under a CNN about a half an hour ago just ripping the Saudis and bush and ass.
Nice going, Bobby Wicksler.
You go, boy.
How about Bobby Wicksler for a president, dammit?
He's great, you know?
And he good?
Yes, he is.
Outstanding.
He's also trying to make sure that your vote might count as election if we have an election.
A couple of votes, I don't have time I'm going to read all this boring stuff.
Electronic voting critics sued Diabold under whistleblower law in San Francisco.
Critics of electronic voting are suing Diabold, ink under a whistleblower law,
visiting that the company's shoddy, bounthing, equipment, exposed California elections to hackers and software bugs.
California's attorney general on Sea of the Law sued Friday.
It was filed in November, but Sea of the Underrep provision that keeps such acts in secret until the government decides whether to join or plaintiffs.
Lawmakers from Maryland to California are expressing doubts about the integrity of paperless voting terminals made by several large manufacturers which up to 50 million Americans will use in November.
How do you like that?
And Florida's relatively new touchscreen voting machines touted as a solution to the state's 2000 presidential election meltdown.
Didn't perform as well as the machines that use an older technology during a statewide election earlier this year according to an
analization by the Sun Sentinel records from the March 9 Democratic presidential primary show that votes were not recorded for one out of a hundred voters using the new ATM style machines.
That sounds like 1% to me. I could be wrong.
That's at least eight times more than the number of flow votes cashed in the same election with pencil marks on paper ballots touted by an optical scanner.
Experts blamed Florida's political leaders for embracing the relatively sophisticated touchscreen machines before they were perfected and made more user friendly.
Fifteen Florida counties now use touchscreen machines including Palm Beach Day and how do you like that?
Well, I have bought these and in December 2001 Broward chose a 17.2 million dollar touchscreen system over a pencil and paper system priced no more than five million.
Earlier that year in May Palm Beach County agreed to pay 14 million for touchscreen compared to three million for the simpler system.
When I have bought them no Broward election supervisor Brenda Snipes said about the touchscreen.
We she started to supervise after the machines were used were we too fast? Yes.
In fact, who would have been the election supervisor in Dave County and Broward rather during that time?
Who's on trial right now? Miriam?
Yeah, there you go. You go girl far away speaking of girls.
Here's a fact from chronic Rick who's just I mean just like that. Get a life Rick.
I have no life. You're a good friend Lynn Samuels is blasting your website on serious for all the go look at the page Davis and the meeting curtain.
Maybe she's got the hots for page Davis partly or maybe she's on our booby page.
I did. Also it says Mr. C's has one vote and he knows the connectly as well. Well, that's good. Thanks for reminding me of that Rick with just a good life.
Yeah, Omaha's got great food. I'm telling you Omaha's a place that would really surprise you. You'd be shocked.
What restaurant in the world outside of South Florida is or was the best where you had the best meal.
It just was like orgasmic and then some 278 vote.
128 votes very few votes because most people never ate in these places, right? Right.
And plus I'm babbling and babbling and sensibly that's okay. I'm enjoying it. Peter Luger steakhouse in New York 52.
Burn steakhouse in Tampa's catching up close 45, which I'm sure.
And I might have a chance in winning because it's so much closer, right? Right.
You got to go there. Take Joshua there this weekend. Not this weekend.
The next weekend. All right.
Commander's palace in New Orleans 20. Well, I mean Hank was always taking his producers out to lunch.
All of them remember that? Yeah, he did that instead of buying them cars.
Oh, Commander's palace in New Orleans 20. Embrose in Vegas 19. Rosewood Grill in Vegas 17. Well, and by Josh Akarfer, quite out loud.
Yeah. Yeah. By what do you say that they'd Lamborghini would be good. He just parking his driveway.
He'd never drive that damn thing, but at least impress all the hot shot girls. I got a car here for him.
Now, but Rosewood Grill in Vegas 17. Noble in New York 13. Japanese. Is that a sushi place?
Among other things like steaks. Hi, Japanese do make really good steak. They have that really.
The goki reaki crepe. What a salt by the way that Kobe beef is supposed to be the best.
He's on trial low. B feeder 11. Lime in Virgin Islands 10. Lebeck Finn Philadelphia 10.
Chintiki Detroit 6. I'm amazed that that many people remember. That is in fact, they just went to seven.
As I said, the Prince spaghetti house in Boston 6. Two days spaghetti a day or is it Wednesday? Prince spaghetti day?
Wednesday. Wednesday. How do you know that Eric said that? Well, how the hell does he know? Apparently he knows.
Well, I think with Eric every day is spaghetti day. Oh, Donaldson Maryland 5. Rhapsody in Vegas. Rhapsody has got three.
Crowgables in East Lansing 3 and Eric didn't change that for Michigan East Lansing. Please. I'm so embarrassed that it just is Michigan.
Because that when you say Michigan people think of Ann Arbor right away in the University of Michigan because mad dogs always talking with Michigan.
Right. Fair. He and Arbor's for glam. Mr. season Omaha's got two now. Earl's and Vancouver's got a pair.
Ross's steakhouse in Omaha to the green dolphin and I capable of through one. Jean and George Eddie's in Chicago.
One that's a guy that called in obviously and only do in New York. Don't have any yet. Now what about Sarah and Paris when I put it on there?
Who? When you were in a coma because that guy was so boring. Oh, that guy. So forget. He only gets one. He gave us the other one.
So forget about let's say I'll let frog food. Okay. Line nine WQA. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. God speaking. Great. A couple things. Yes. Yes, sir. For your pool.
Fish bones. I don't know or land accounts. Like the northern end. Yeah, it's okay. Fish bones. Fish bones. Man. Have you ever been to the North?
Gone there. You have to go there. It's worth going to Orlando. Okay. And the other thing is who does your bed time stories research? They're excellent. Me. Me. You. In fact, I'm glad you asked because even on the days to show you what what a hard gold trooper campaign.
I am even to all summer long. Even on the days when George is working. I'm still doing the stories. No kidding. Yes, sir. Keep up with the good work, sir. Okay. And thank you so much. And have a great life. Yes, sir.
Say goodbye. Thank you, Kelly. He just didn't want to leave you know what? He was emotional about it. He didn't want to say goodbye. I'm sure you've known people like that. Yeah.
No, he, but that's that's a good point. I make is that I'm working my ass off. Don't believe it. No. I mean, you know, spend a few minutes every single day. Even on the days when George is doing the show. Now, what do you think of that idea? Mind I think we really should pursue that. Yeah, it's great idea.
I could work until maybe 65, you know, and piece of cake, but every day not too much, too much. Doff. Clarence can't handle. I'm an old, daughtering fool, man. I don't want to wind up in a box like Ma. Well, maybe with 91 would be okay.
Don't you think that my my sweet tooth that that neurotic part of my brain has been. It's probably right in the box there with her. They're at level one.
And so, by the way, thanks to the nice people, level one, stand at a fabulous job in Hollywood. Very good job. Very professional. And thanks to the rabbi who never even met my mother, but obviously was an expert. I didn't hear it. I was there.
Yeah.
Well, first of all, why did we why did we have to have like a Jewish funeral? She was as Jewish as I am. You know, it was a it was a diet. Everything.
I remember the funerals are for the living. So therefore, yeah, that's why they got to put that they have to be put through that.
Excruciating thing is shoveling a shovel full of dirt on the casket. And I thought that years ago they stopped lowering the casket into the ground.
I thought that they just let it there on that lift and then everybody walked away. That's how they did it in our family, but we're not Jewish.
Well, that's how you're supposed to do it. It's civilized. I mean, when people go crazy is when they drop that thing into the ground. It's like the final oil.
That's when they start to loosen the coffin climbers.
Like quasi-moto. You mean. Hey, if you're on the Ankeens diet, South Beach sugar rusters are in any low carb sugar free diet.
The lights of West focus help thousands of low carb diners achieve their weight loss goals. You know, today shopping for the right low carb product is almost impossible because everything on a shelf claims to be low carb now.
Everywhere you go, this is low carb. Well, guess what? Most of that stuff is going to help you lose weight. In fact, a lot of it will make you gain weight.
Don't sabotage your weight loss goals. Come into the lights of West. Bokeh in the help you stay on the right track with hundreds and hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products.
And you can try anything the store before you have to shell out any cash and buy it. They got a staff that knows low carb diet inside and out in their open every day till 10 in the PM.
Don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins, Carbolite and pure delight products. The lights of West Bokeh will not be under sold.
You find the lights on the North East corner are glazed in 441 right next to Boston Market or column tool free at 1-877 Low carb or check them on the wicked web at lowcarb.com. That's with a W-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
The lights of West Bokeh really is the one and only official Atkins retail center.
My life and loss. This is Fort Real by Sikki.
You ain't too way.
And I'm the big O.
What's that stand for?
Orgasm?
No, that's just short for Orlando Blue.
You don't look, Julie.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Look at the dancing. Look at the attonations mix. Here. Here. Here. Now without throwing toss it. Look. Look. Look at the dancing here. Look at competiton. Duck. Look at the drinking water above. Have we ever drunk sensation and fast ing Yummy. Be careful. Sit apart. Just pinch careful hah. Watch the spa in front. If you want to take the Taco Bell drink offered in K
I want to crush you, then, like, you do not.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
I'm not going to say anything about this.
There were discussions with Mr.
Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. MIT Wenc.
poster sit in the possessions box
of the students'
strategies with his fellow Human Rights
alumnus,analysis of the writer and
man, and dintignultive
acting on principles with a
Cyop team used loudspeakers to encourage Iraqi civilians to assist, according to an
account by a Cyop team member.
But Marines had draped an American flag over the statue's face.
God bless them, but we were thinking from Cyop school that this was just bad news the
Cyop member wrote in the report.
We didn't want to look like an occupation force, and some of the Iraqis were saying, no,
we want an Iraqi flag.
Somebody produced an Iraqi flag, and a Cyop sergeant quickly replaced the American flag,
ultimately a Marine recovery vehicle toppled the statue with a chain, but the effort appeared
to be Iraqi inspired because the Cyop team had managed to pack the vehicle with cheering
Iraqi children.
How do you like that?
All right.
What you see is not what you get.
Usually.
Just pathetic.
And of course there was CNN going along with, oh, carry 48, bush 45% of Michigan's real
close in Michigan.
Too close, wouldn't you say?
For comfort?
I would settle more like for 98 to 2 points would sound good to me.
Government intervention, not just a better diet and daily exercises needed to combat obesity,
public health advocates and government officials said yesterday, I do want to say one
thing.
All right.
And I know it's going to sound, well, 100 things.
It's going to sound very insensitive.
You see, you know what they don't understand?
It isn't the method.
In other words, there is one of us who's been fat for many years who doesn't know how
to lose weight.
Right.
And what not to eat?
It's doing it.
It's how to be able to do it.
That's what they ought to be centering on more is the mental aspect of the whole, like
this thing with me.
Where I just all of a sudden lost my whole sugar craving, it just disappeared.
Once I got the monkey off my back, I mean, once I had that tragedy in my family.
See how it works?
Once you get over your grief, you'll be back at it.
No, no.
No more crap for me.
Eating crap as well makes you fat.
Even the late restaurant reviewer Peter Clayton, I used to tell him if you just quit eating
so much crap, you'd be in better shape and he just wouldn't do it.
Now he's dead.
Remember Peter Clayton?
No.
I've told you about him.
Well, from you, yeah.
He ate a lot of crap.
With about 400,000 annual deaths attributed to obesity, speaking to the World obesity
Congress and Expo Washington said, come by.
I can't stop thinking about that.
That's disgusting.
A combined effort from the food pharmaceutical and healthcare industries and conjunction
with the federal government is needed to shed society's extra pounds.
If we don't do something, we'll have a horrendous problem on our hands, said US food and
administration commissioner Lester Crawford, their relation to Keith Crawford, drives
once in a while in Michigan.
64% of the US population is overweight or obese.
64%!
All right.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
Public health advocates at the, well, like British guy was right.
Because the idea is, put your size it, put your super size it and make it bigger.
And even that super talk, everything has got to be bigger and bigger and bigger and
better.
You wait until you see the numbers they're going to put out.
Man, you're going to need a Palomar telescope to see those.
Nice going, David Ross and PD Bulger, you idiots.
You morons.
I'll say it again.
We all know how to lose it.
How to do it?
That's another story.
Follow what I'm saying.
What do you say?
Quit eating the crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, like doing today's show.
Say I'm talking about all these great restaurants, great meals we've had.
And it is making me the slightest bit hungry.
I, on the other hand, and so is Josh.
Yes.
We're hollowing over here.
Yeah.
So I did sort of some food.
When Zach worked at one week, there was food coming in there.
What was that one place, Josh?
The joint.
The joint.
We had the joint.
I've been working on them for a long time and they won't respond.
Yeah.
It's like they're not there when Josh calls.
Maybe they're avoiding him.
I don't understand what that means.
I'm missing something.
I was like, like during your whole week vacation, I kept telling Josh to call them.
And apparently our contact isn't there or is never there.
Well, then how come they send food in when Josh and Zach were there?
Maybe they don't like you.
Maybe.
Maybe Zach has the connection.
So if it's involved with food, Zach's got it.
I don't care what any of you say.
I've been thinking about it for at least 10 seconds.
He has some kind of a vocal problem because of that weight.
He can barely speak.
He just makes sounds.
Wouldn't be the funerable.
In your response is he's got a husky voice.
He's got a husky body, not a husky voice.
And as a result, he can barely speak like that.
He'll let it wait on his chest.
Exactly.
There you go.
We want somebody that's rock solid.
We don't want somebody to talk like that.
Rock solid.
That is cool.
Just when you think, oh man.
He gives me the willies.
They he be jeebies and they ain't even Jewish.
Brother, 20 till two at five, 60 WQM.
Do you wake up every morning in a crowded bed?
I only wish.
Between the kids and the dog and the cats,
there's no room left for you.
Well, researchers say today's shoppers are choosing
bigger mattresses because of overcrowding.
And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size
mattresses for ready for immediate delivery than our good
pizons and dollar mattress.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you can do it right now.
You get a great mattress at a discount price
that's unbeatable.
Only the Alamakris delivers 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day,
seven days a week.
The Alamakris continues to be ranked number one in the world
of customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local
Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best prices
on the best brand delivery on your schedule.
You pick the two-hour window ones convenient for you
when they show up then.
And the best customer service in the business anywhere.
The Alamakris has the complete line of ceilies,
sir to King Quill Simmons, tempered Peter Kahn,
stirring to bananas foster and man-eppinan
as foster at Rhapsody was so good.
Everybody at QAM, including yours, truly,
will be in call, dial mattress for years now,
for our beds, and you ought to be doing the same.
Log on to their website, 1-800 mattress,
or a column full-free, 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRES.
My life and lobo.
This is 4-3-0-5-60.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
All across the country, people are even
beef for dinner.
In Marado, Texas, the Bingham family
is being poisoned by bad fat loss.
In Milwaukee, Stan Flener is choking to death
on a water-fully menu.
And in Kittering Name, the Johnson's
are watching over Jean Hattacornary.
The doc says a lifetime of eating burgers
is blocked his arteries tighter than a hangman's news.
At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people
in so many different ways.
Beef.
It's what's for dinner.
There, possibly your last dinner.
145-5-60-WQM.
What do we got so far?
The best meal you've ever had, best restaurant,
outside of South Florida.
Bernstake House in Tampa is moving into first place.
It's a battle.
They love their meat, man.
We got two steak houses battling it out.
I bet you if we could put Ruth Chris on here,
which we can't because there is South Florida institution.
And they have two locations.
They want that other poise.
They would kick their ass.
I mean, Ruth Chris, I don't care what anybody says.
We got one here that is so the best of all of them
right here.
I mean, they got two in Vegas.
They're very, very good.
They're excellent.
And you'd say, well, what's the difference?
Menu.
Menu is different.
More items.
More selection.
Whatever.
Bernstake House in Tampa, 57.
Peter Luger's steak house in New York, 56.
Commanders, Palace in Nulleen's 25.
Never heard of it.
Sounds pretty good.
Amel's in Vegas, 23.
Tony Josh.
Noble in New York, 18.
Rosewood, Grill in Vegas, 17.
Beef eater in the UK.
The beef eater in the UK has got 11.
How do you like that?
Aren't you shocked?
No.
The line in in the Virgin Islands has got 10.
Lebeck Finn in Philly has got 10.
Tintiki Detroit 8.
Boy, those were the days, man.
Ain't a lot of sensational meals in that joint.
Prince Brigadier House in Boston 8.
O'Donnell's in Maryland 7.
Coral Gables East Lansing.
See that Eric, he's right on it now, man.
After I threatened him with bodily harm.
4.
Raxon in Vegas 3.
Rasa's steak house in Omaha 3.
Mr. Season Omaha 2.
Roles in Vancouver 2.
I remember Roles Drugs in Rochester, the 12 corners.
Monday, I have it on Winton Road.
Remember?
Oh, that's a roll, yeah.
Not too far from Don and Bob's where it used to be.
Oh, how about Don and Bob's?
I might get on that ferry.
You know what?
Again?
Seriously, the Toronto Roch is different.
They've been having all kinds of problems with that thing.
Number one being that nobody from here wants to
go to Rochester and why the hell would they?
You'll see.
I might get out if there was still Don and Bob's, man.
I would go there and just just for all time's sake.
Man, that is good stuff.
Gene and George Yeti's in Chicago's got a pair.
Green Dolphin in, Cape Alutheran 2.
El Nido in the York one and Fishbones in Orlando just went on.
It's got only 269 votes, a low total, because most of you
haven't eaten in these places and maybe you can find,
you know, when you go to one of some of these places,
you'll check out some of these joints, right?
Right.
You'll check out a joint.
You're right back.
How about Vic and Irv's?
Are they still in business in Fort Lauderdale?
Remember our fine sponsors, Vic and Irv's?
I do remember our fine sponsors.
They're still in business in Rochester.
Maybe I'll go over and check that out.
What do you think?
No.
On the ferry.
To the pain in the ass part of it, as you've got to go through
the whole customistic and everything, it's just a pain
in the ass.
Somebody QAIM, hello?
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
Call it about your restaurant poll.
Yes, sir.
Someone who's never been to Commander Salis.
I still have to rate it high because we had gone to New
Orleans and we were recommended to go there.
Right.
The owner, I guess his name was Brenner.
He owns several restaurants in New Orleans area.
That's his signature restaurant.
And the day we went there, he had passed away, so that's what
they used for his waking, everything.
But I heard it's real good, but locally, I go for
ill-moleinos.
What is it?
Ill-moleinos?
Oh, ill-moleinos in the Bar the Gateway Cinema there, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a very inexpensive place with good food.
Multibene.
Okay, thanks a lot, Migos.
I'll see you.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, well, and why did he bring that up?
Well, we like plugging at a place and I'm still pissed off that the one in plantation is
not going any more or would devy whatever that part of town is.
Peter's Road University plantation.
What is wrong with people?
Many of their places that are, I still don't understand it.
People have such crappy taste.
Place opens the food is fine, is outstanding.
The prices are moderate and it's just, I don't know.
Location.
I try to tell Jeff Cohen that once upon a time.
Remember our friend Jeff Cohen?
I do.
From the world famous pizza lot in Davy.
Let's have that pizza to your mom.
It's in the box.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
And for right, at least, at least, no of those people showed up there.
That was the good news when I got the whole report.
I got a detailed report.
None of those interlopers who didn't belong there showed up there, which is very nice.
Also kind of bizarre that I didn't, for all the flailing and gnashing, now Greg, we
did send the biggest bunch of flowers there to the funeral, which was nice.
But I didn't have one sympathy card from anybody who works inside of our building.
Now some people made a comment, came in and said something across the line here, like before
to show.
Now that was sufficient.
But it would seem to me that if there was such concern and such gnashing and carrying
on, just like I did not talk about that, it would be not a sympathy card.
What's the price?
Sure.
I mean, when I get a sympathy card from PD Lenny Nolas, who works at 850 up there in Palm
Beach for that Schmedrick up there, whatever his name is Steve Lapa, he's just another
Lapa dog up there.
We're going to his old buddy D-Fold.
What does that tell you?
Lots.
WQA, hello.
Yes, deal please.
Speaking.
Hill on your restaurant pole.
Yep.
A restaurant in Swansea, Massachusetts with humble legacy used to work.
It's about three miles from where he lived.
The specialty is prime rib and a three and a half pound base stuff lobster stuffed with
lobster.
The animal says it's the best lobster in the United States.
Yeah.
And people that are up in that New England area, if they're ever absorbed the cape, there's
a place to go.
He was in swamskit?
Swamskit, S-E-A-S-W-A-N-Y.
Swamskit, we can say that on here.
Nobody will work.
What city is it in?
Swamskit.
Oh, that's the name of the city?
Yes.
That's the name of the restaurant.
The restaurant is the Venus Demilo.
At one time it used to be a 40-lane bowling alley.
It has gotten so big they converted the whole bowling alley into restaurants now.
Okay.
And they use it basically for bank which, but they keep a special section of, you know,
a four public people coming in with is not a wedding or a banquet going on.
What's the name of the restaurant again?
Venus Demilo.
Oh, Venus Demilo, okay.
Yes.
And it's the girl, like I say, even the emerald says it's the greatest lobster.
Well, the emerald says it.
How can you go wrong?
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
You're welcome.
So, Venus Demilo, in what do you say, Tommy Schwanz?
Swazi.
Schwazi?
Schwazi?
Merci de voir Schwazi, air Canada.
That's the French word.
Schwazi.
Oh, I see what he's, oh, so it must be spelled CHO-I-S-I.
See who's saying it kind of like in a voice away.
Schwazi.
Right?
I'll take your word for it.
Well, I think that means choosing Merci de voir Schwazi air Canada.
That means like, thank you for choosing your Canada.
And the reason I know that is because they put that frog crap at the airport, you know?
I see.
Merci de voir Schwazi.
Oh, I don't even like Santa.
I feel clean, just even Santa.
Oh, very cool.
Talking on frog.
And then that fat frog fart that sat down at that machine the other day wins $4,000
on a machine.
I mean, my breath was still on a glass.
That's how close I was.
Man.
If it would have been, you know, like some nice person, like a nice lady or some hot looking
young guy, I'd have said, okay, great.
Nice job.
You know, good going.
I wouldn't.
That's still in PO.
Well, I can agree.
151 at 560 WQA.
And hey, the deals are heating up now.
The 2004 model year is winding down.
And tear that old gas vessel you're driving.
You want a new car truck that will give you dependability and reliability.
Then you need to get down to Armstrong to it or homestead today.
You'll find them on US one 20 minutes south of the 36.
And it's well worth the drive because like I always tell you, they're going to save
you thousands on new Toyota's right now.
Armstrong Toyota homestead's cleaning out all the remaining O4s and passing savings onto
you.
At least an O4 Camry, at least today and 48 month, least as 279 a month with no money
down.
Looking for a great truck.
How about the Toyota to come a four by four can be yours and get $1,000 cash back from
Toyota.
Looking for the out as new cars around.
Armstrong Toyota homestead is locally owned and operated.
They'll do just about anything to make you happy.
Camper, their service department has even opened late to late.
We've got to make sure they get all your work done for you.
And these folks for the first day, there's anywhere to offer your free tires and batteries
for life.
Now that the first to offer your free replacement parts for life, I'll say it again because
it sounds unbelievable.
It's true tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else would be doing that.
You won't get a better deal on Toyota anywhere in South Florida.
No bait and switch.
No full need deals.
Just low prices every day 365 days a year.
See the GM David Richard Armstrong Toyota of homestead today for an unbeatable deal.
Like I said, it's only 20 minutes out of the 836.
US one and two ninety-third street in homestead.
Grab a little and save a ton of new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
I bet the local this is 560.
The radio's on yours.
I have a few in.
Next, dead babies.
See F-bomb came out of Cheney's mouth.
See F-bomb came out of Cheney's mouth.
It is wrong, but he's not backing down.
No regrets are common from his mouth.
Bet the sand it's ears must have been hurt or hurt.
Must have been hurt.
Don't ask to Cheney.
Out of Halifur, a bird 10.
Out of Halifur, a bird 10.
Cause if you do, you'll let.
Let a curse work per bird slip.
Let a curse work slip.
He should know in the ratings of low.
Keep it zip, it, it.
The steepness says you know the battles must be near to start his heart.
Start the CPR except the mouth the mouth part.
Cheney's mouth is really getting fowls.
They look rough and a tee in the white house.
Sell it or lay he.
Don't you think on RBT?
He showed it since we joined.
When Dick Teeney dropped the head bomb.
Okay, whatever you say 157.
You know, I, I, I'm glad the guy called about that.
Cheney's story.
Okay.
Because I did read it.
I don't know what day it was.
Let's see.
This is Davey.
It was last Thursday.
But I'm going to just do this couple of paragraphs again.
Cause a lot of people didn't hear this.
This is devastating.
Vice and then the mainstream US media.
They're not talking about it.
They're mum.
Vice president Dick Cheney faces criminal indictments for illegal activities.
Well, C E of energy giant Halifur.
And also illegally intervened a secure $7 billion dollar nobid contract for a former employer
after his election to office.
The vice president is currently under investigation by French authorities for bribery,
money laundering and misuse of corporate assets while at Haliburton.
Also faces a US securities new change commission probabate $180 million dollar slush fund
that may have been used to pay bribes.
Those who have read the analysis say it presents a devastating case against the vice president
concludes that Cheney has violated both the spirit and intent of federal laws on conflict of interest.
Even worse, Cheney faces indictment by a French court on charges of bribery, money laundering,
misuse of corporate assets because of fraud associated with a construct of a $6 billion
dollar federal chemical plant built by Haliburton and Igeria in partnership with TechNip,
one of France's largest federal federal government.
