Hi, it's Ali!
I'm dying on the hands!
See, good, the Laura Howard's hearing is coming back.
She's why we sillyly hear now!
Maybe?
Looks like the bike erotes dies!
Eh?
Now, from the body roll ball,
with the fagribous head body down,
and I suppose otherwise not that...
I'll do that, I'll take care of this.
Emily Lloyd is behind the beat of Critton today.
We don't want to leave you out.
It's okay, it's not sensational.
We can have a musical break.
You're a usual spectacitor or a standard, but it's okay.
Now, give us a break, Neil.
Give us a break.
It's what I'm trying.
I'm thinking at this point.
Oh, let's see, you didn't discuss the trends that came out
to ratings and I just wanted to talk about it.
We're flat, like, still number one in Zell.
Don't have a one in mid-days and men,
by a pretty safe margin, or it looks like to me.
Down a little bit in the morning, down a little bit in the afternoon,
but we were okay.
But now, of course, that we got that 790 thing coming
at the ticket starting on Wednesday.
Right, then they will fear them.
We're going to take it deep inside the...
Back to what I'm thinking.
They're sports segments and they got Craig Miner...
Craig Miner, that's what Muffin said this morning.
Craig Miner Vini is going to be on.
Rhymes with Wini is what also Duffin's thinking about.
He's going to be doing mid-days.
Aren't you...
Hello, overwhelmed.
Craig, a little Craig Miner Vini, he comes up to your kneecap.
He's about two feet tall.
He's a sportsman.
He's a skunk.
And he does some crap on the Panther games, which I don't know,
because there ain't got to be any season this year.
Bad news, boys and girls, do not send the Panthers any money,
because there ain't going to be no season.
I probably shouldn't say that, but don't send them any money.
Irvies, nice, and the money's, I get it back from this place.
By the way, Clarence, I think there's a couple of checks out standing.
I do...
I couldn't be wrong about that.
I could be wrong about that.
Check a couple of outstanding checks out the Panther.
You're probably going to have your crap.
Oh, please send us your money, because we're sure that we're going to...
No, you're not.
They're going to be any season.
So we can't give them a girl on my hockey tickets.
He's already got a Lamarlin tickets, and now they might actually be worth something
that they're only four games out of the wild card.
Now that the Cubs are folding like an accordion,
why they really suck.
The Cubs...
Harry was right.
The Cubs do suck.
I watched some of that game yesterday, which shows you how boring it is here.
One of the things we're going to do this week,
I'm going to go over to the hard rock.
I saw it.
I mean, I see it all the time when I'm here.
I'll have the turnpike there.
It looks pretty impressive, the hotel.
A.
What?
You can't pull the arms.
Oh, you can't pull the arms.
I don't pull the arms anyway.
I can't pull the lever.
In other words, what you're trying to say is the wheels don't spin.
That's what you're trying to say.
So we'll take the QA and love wheel over there.
Yeah, and you get the first turn.
And you get the RV wheel a little bit.
And I'll see what that's really all about,
because none of you have been able to sufficiently explain to me
how those machines work.
I don't think the people that go there understand how those machines work.
Because you know those evil one-eyed bandits.
We can't have that implorida, or the world will come to an end.
Because that's gambling.
Oh, and guess who says gambling is evil?
Ralph Nader, what a jackass, man.
I'm going to say the Aeword right now.
He goes to Vegas, this old crow, this old nerd.
And you people are going to vote for Nader.
You ought to be shot several times.
Okay, at least in the kneecap.
It's unbelievable.
He goes to Vegas.
He tells him that gambling is evil and it's grotesque
and all this other garbage.
Well, look at that.
There's a...
What the hell was that?
That they were publicant things like that.
And of course they say all there's tens of thousands of people.
There are over 100,000 people peacefully protesting in the streets of New York yesterday.
All of them are Nazis that we've got.
I see them holding sides.
Yes, these fascists.
Against the pressure of Nazis that are running your country right now.
Yeah, I was.
I think Harry's going to lose it.
Bush isn't going to win it.
I think Harry's going to lose it.
What did I tell you?
They didn't get a bounce after the convention
because the Democrats said they went out.
I was reading about it in Newsweek.
The focus groups.
They did a focus focus.
Let's have a focus group.
And the focus group said,
oh well, we don't want to see any negative attacks on the press.
Yeah, we want to see a positive campaign.
What you're going to do?
Bull crap.
You see this, this not so swift veteran's truth,
the bull crap group.
That's already having an impact.
Against the decorated war hero by a draft Dodger
and is a draft dodging vice president.
So that's what the public wants.
They want dirt.
They want you to sling the mud.
And then there's old limp unit Bob Dool on there the other day.
Saying, well, at the same old crap again about well,
Carrie didn't have any serious wounds.
He didn't see any blood on him and all this other crap.
Max Cleveland only came back triple amputee.
So like, he's got some evidence.
And they still shamed him the same way.
They're doing care.
And the public says, oh, yeah, that's a good point.
Yeah, excellent point.
This is a great person.
We're pulling Florida now even as bad.
And then Harold this morning shows the bush two points ahead now.
Carrie folding like an accordion.
Because they're not running any campaign.
We needed the Dean, myster, man.
That's who we needed.
Somebody that was going to pull no punches,
roll up his sleeves and tell it like it is.
Like Ross Perot would say, roll up the sleeves and do do all over bush.
That's what I'd like to see.
About 400 pounds of do do all the way to lively.
Yeah, a little bit too lively on us.
Too honest for the establishment,
for the Democratic establishment,
whose main specialty is chocon.
That's what they're doing right now.
They're chocon.
22 past 10.
Can we say that?
I think I just did it.
I think veterans coming back for a little bit more.
This means a meal, ruchers.
Come on, how are you?
It's a five-six-week, Q-A-A.
U-M-E-B-T-R-O-B-D-M-E-B-D-G-L-O-B.
Okay, but...
Okay.
Look for a little Yvd dog on the radio right at night.
Yvd dog about to fall for the E-A-1.
That's right.
Look for a dog.
That's what he bit down the night.
No.
No.
No, be the slow.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You're in the wrong.
No, that's not it.
That's it.
No, no, no, be the slow.
Check it out.
No, be the slow.
No, no, no, no.
I want some radio.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All radio, radio, radio, no, no, no, no.
Jealous world, all radio.
The head body chute.
It's here.
It's here.
Keep it back.
1028 so anyway, Crowa, 5-7 this afternoon will be at the mega liquor store, probably
drinking up a storm.
146.57 Southwest, 56th Street in Miami.
Where the hell is that?
Down yonder.
Your people?
I'd rather...
I'd rather spend the wheel for prizes because our wheel, I'd like the ones at the Seminole's,
our wheel actually spins.
Yeah, you don't win much, but...
That's right.
And I'd understand you probably don't win not here, but there either.
I'll find out.
That's the Crowa today at the mega liquor store, 147th Ave in Miller Drive.
Oh, I see.
Down here.
It's South Miami.
See, almost Kindle.
Kind of that neck of the red neck of the woods.
Emily Lloyd is on our beaded curtain today.
She was born September 29th, 1970.
Boy, it's just...
I'm not sure against only a week.
This doesn't sound right in here.
It sounds really awesome.
It's a road.
Yeah, it is wrong.
Board is wrong.
I see Fixit.
He fixed...
Thank God the Micah switch still works, but this other one...
That one don't work.
Fixit, get about it.
Nice job, Schmuck.
He is...
...Smarmy.
She was born September 29th, 1970, which makes her almost 30-fold in London, England,
in the UK with all of them silly-ass Brits.
It says she's blue-eyed and has dark blonde hair.
Well, that's pretty profound.
It also says she puts out like the energizer bunny.
What it says here.
Her filmography in production right now, Hey Mr. DJ.
That sounds like a real winner.
Denial, TV series denial.
TV Riverworld, the honey trap.
Woundings, boogie boy.
Livers ain't cheap.
That was the David Crosby story.
Welcome to Sarajevo, Sarajevo of O.
Dead girl, masculine, masculine.
Wasn't that the Mufflin's history?
When Saturday comes, under the Hula Moon and a whole bunch of other stuff in French
and Nica.
Oh, she was also when River runs through it.
Yeah, that's right.
Emily Lloyd.
Right.
Now, she's always on Blondt Shake.
She's always the blonde bunny.
Oh, yeah, now remember, yeah.
That was a pretty good movie.
If I say so myself.
All right.
I don't want to be picking on a little Brian Orcross again, do I?
Not an idiot, man.
You are such a quizzling.
The channel for hysteria specialist is ended again.
I'm watching yesterday and not that he's drawn that line back again.
Not that he wants to get anybody in a total panic, which is with Francis.
Is that Arlene Francis that they named after her or Francis over here, one or the other?
I'm not really sure.
But little Brian Orcross is trying to draw Francis right into your living room, okay?
Right into your patio, Santorias, Sarajevo.
He's trying to arrange the big blow, which from what I understand wouldn't be the first
time.
Oh, look at this.
Florida Panthers information.
Look at this.
Oh, before we get to the all of that and the poll, I'll give you the poll first.
Because it's already up there.
How panic are you and the operative word being panic about Hurricane Francis?
Because that's what they're trying to do is get you all into panic and get you to, they
showed some class holes at the story yesterday.
Well, I can say that.
Yeah.
So far.
They showed some spas holes, buying up water already.
Yeah, right there and buy up all the bottled water.
Go to Home Depot and buy up all the lumber, all the two by foes, and what else do they
need?
Oh, and a lot of batteries and get your friends just to sit there and all this other
crap.
Yeah, good.
Oh, take all the can, good.
Get a lot of peaches, man.
They're really peachy.
Yeah.
Get a whole bunch of canned peaches.
I hope they have wild diarrhea from it.
I'm so tired of these.
You know, I mean, it's fine.
You know, Charlie pulled a little switcher with their at the end because they can't predict
their forehead.
Although Todd Rex is that he's got a friend in Washington, which number one surprise
of me is got a friend period.
So I think he made it up.
And number two, they work for like, who knows, something with the hurricanes?
National weather, Saturdays, first of all, the race coach.
And yeah, something like that.
And they say it's not coming here.
Well, that's what the community here, yeah.
That takes care of it, Todd.
You little, I'd like to step on him, you know.
How did you like why I was standing behind him with that machete?
I bet he had even OG, never felt the power when he was standing over one and a half.
He was the big back there like an hour and a half.
Oh, yeah.
Just standing over his shoulder right, he's babbling and you're in with a gigantic machete
here.
And all the temptation was so great.
The only thing is it's dull.
Yeah, the points sharp.
Yeah, that's true.
How panicky are you about hurricane frances?
And here are your six choices.
Brian Norcross has me in a total panic.
That's what he wants to do.
I'm stocking up now water batteries, et cetera.
The shutters are up already.
I shut her to think about it.
I'm going back under the bed.
I'll wait and see where it's really going.
Oh, that makes a little bit too much sense, don't it?
To see whether, you know, I think you'll still have plenty of time.
Or what, me worry, that was my vote.
Right?
With all the other crap we got going.
I should worry about some stupid little hurricane.
So your roof blows off the top.
Yeah, I'm going to be good.
You got good insurance.
Doesn't like good insurance scam sounds good to me.
How many votes we got there under poll so far?
Let's see 60 vote.
How panicky are you about hurricane?
By the way, George did a sensational job this summer.
I think I should say that right now, fantastic job.
In fact, such a good job.
I think I'm going to put it back on right now.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
I don't want to overdo this, you know what?
Like I said, 71 votes.
I'll wait and see where it's really going.
43.
What a concept.
Brian, you're not going to get them all in a panic.
And I notice, like, you go to the weather channel.
And they've got the tracking path, you know, the big wide track.
Oh, the terror.
No, no, I'm talking about where they show where it might be going.
Right.
And there is this like, yay, wide.
And then you go to like one of the other channels.
And it's almost that wide.
And you go to channel four and Brian Norcross.
And this is like this almost like a little beam of light that's bringing it right into
your living room, you know?
Oh, you're such a jackass, such a quizzling queen, Brian.
How's the weather for you doing a channel of seven?
She's staying out of trouble.
Haven't seen it lately.
Oh, I understand.
Who's the other queen you got on channel seven now, too, that's making the rounds.
Oh, I don't know.
I'm going to come on.
I ain't going to drive in so much late at night.
Anyway, 71 votes.
I'll wait and see where it's really going.
43.
What, me?
We're 812.
I'm stocking up now water batteries, et cetera, 7U idiots.
Clean them out.
When did that go to your nearby store and clean them out?
Just load up.
Take a truck over there and just take everything they got.
Not that you're going to use it just so everybody else has to panic.
I'm going back onto the bed five.
Shutter's up already, too.
And Brian Norcross has me in a total panic appear.
Brian's got a little pierced.
Here's the facts this morning.
I heard on the news this morning that W said this over the weekend.
Our policy in Iraq has been catastrophically successful.
And I'm supposed to be surprised by that.
In fact, that's probably if he did say that, one of the more intelligent perspicacious things
he's ever said, that moron.
That's the secret.
That quizzling lunatic, imbecile, simple, then your president.
And he fits in perfect for this country.
Man, he is the perfect president.
Red necks and the trailer trash and religious nuts, all of these things.
A little overslaught there.
It says if MTV Awards are any indication, this fact says,
Kerry's going to lose Florida.
Last night, the obnoxious Carson Daily had the Bush and Kerry daughters come out and promote voting.
Bush's daughters were on via satellite, so they were busy drinking.
I can't imagine why they'd be pro-Republican in Miami, can you?
Your people at the American Mickey, Arizona arena.
Something like that.
The obvious pro-Republican crowd booed loudly when the Kerry daughters asked the fans
hopefully voted for their dad, blame it on the Cubans, I guess it says.
Now it was Cubans, that's what I mean, Shaefer would say.
It was Cubans.
It booed loudly?
Yes, when they carried your daughter, said vote for her dad.
I say, right.
It's like, oh no, Bush, my sister, Bush, Bush, Bush, we like, Bush.
It's because the Kerry daughters are ugly.
I could be.
And so as a barber, she's got Marty Feldman eyes is what I'm hearing.
Now here's for you panther people, author.
They're considering sending Ellen Cohen your money right now.
It's a bad idea.
There ain't going to be no season.
It says, I received an email solicitation from the panthers last week.
I replied that Ellen Cohen is a lying chiefscape.
The payroll went from 50 million to 15 million.
And the new radio voice, the voice is a joke.
Oh, the new radio voice.
Is a joke.
Here's the response I got.
It's long, but there's some funny stuff in here it says.
Thank you.
It's from the panthers organization, all from NMOR, at office depotcenter.com.
So NMOR, I guess Randy's got some kind of a name like Neil.
I know what his name is.
Thanks for the reply.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
I'm sorry to hear you've been turned off to the panthers because the action's taken
by the old executive staff.
We heard from former several former friends like yourself.
They're objecting to their client of the payroll team recently.
My question to you is, what do you think will happen to these teams that have huge
payrolls after a salary cap put in place this year?
First thing I have to come to mind is teams like Toronto, a.
Rangers, Detroit and Dallas, who spend the most are going to have to cut some of their
top players.
And the panthers are in the best position to grab these guys.
Right.
They grab some of these really hot guys like the Leafs of God like Gary Roberts who just
turned 45.
Joe Nguanda, who just turned 73.
And any of the Beagle Belfre who just turned 115 with his bad back.
It was operated on, but it's still there.
And it goes, I'm not going to read all this hockey stuff because none of you care about
hockey.
But here it says, as for our new radio play by play guy, Jigs McDonald is irreplaceable
says Randy Moher.
However we needed to bring in someone who's already been involved with the team and the
community.
Why bring in the new face?
The new guy is recognizable.
Oh yeah, every time he hears a C. Geltie, he says, what is that little forked Geltie?
He's very recognizable.
I'm not just unlistenable.
Right.
But it's Geltie.
So, no, he is recognizable.
It says this is the time when all Panther fans should be supporting the team.
As of opening night last year, the organization had brought in roughly $700,000 in new business
as of last weekend the organization of the new executive staff has already brought in
$2.5 million with seven weeks to go before the first puck drop.
Well, they must have been talking about those World Cup games because they're not going
to be any NHL puck drop because they're not going to be any season.
They're not still lying to the fans.
Things are like the first puck drop my ass.
You people are going to be shmittenly, man.
The propaganda never stops from the office depot center.
Oh, Nick Moller.
He must be Randy's boyfriend.
I didn't know they tied the knot.
It says the unfortunate thing is that when the team starts winning with Coach Martin at
the helm, Martin, those who have waited will be upset because they can't find the great
seats they used to enjoy.
They used to enjoy, not used to, but used to, this is even illiterate from Nick Moller.
They used to enjoy other than that.
I don't know what else this organization is going to do to show that turned around as
well.
This is kind of sarcastic as letter from an organization.
Don't you think?
Sounds like it.
From a season ticket holder alleged.
Kind of sarcastic.
Like man.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
You're going to be sorry.
You're going to let those seats and everybody's going to be happy now when we start winning,
when we start winning.
What year is that going to be?
What century is that going to be that they're going to put a competitive organization out
there on the ice with it without Jacques Straff, Jacques Martano, Jacques Plunt, who's
dead, huh?
What the hell are you people kidding, man?
You can smell it all the way in here, you know, all the way from a sunrise.
I bet when I get home it's going to slip like crazy from the office of Depot Center.
Oh, the empty Everglades.
Is that what it is?
Salt Gas.
Oh, I think it's a, my Keenan Gas is backing up on us.
What's speaking of gas, the Amaco station out by me is all tore up.
No gas.
It's going to rot.
Sunrise Boulevard's all tore up there.
Highest road still all tore up.
It's just the season.
And the university drives all tore up.
I just mentioned that not all the way to play.
I don't know a tool to it.
Yeah, I'm not complaining.
You understand.
OK, so there's the latest panther update.
I see there's a tremendous response on the phone on that.
They just don't care a norm or a needle or an eyedzilla, whatever your name is, Randy
Molder's boyfriend.
They don't care.
And the fact that you've been able to swipe 700 grand off for suckers out there in anticipation
of a season that's not going to happen, that's quite a tribute to, in fact, you could
probably get a job here at QA themselves.
Just give us the FN money.
Not going to get any tickets.
There isn't going to be any season.
But just give us the FN money, baby.
It's the QA MFN way.
We like that.
Sure.
So it's good that we have that great relationship with the panther organization because
thieves of a feather do it together.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18 TNT and Verizon wireless line.
Waiting to see a phenomenal response here now from this audience on all of these things.
Huh?
What things?
That I just got through talking about.
Oh, that'll care about it.
Ryan or Cross, the big blow is coming in a week and I want to think about this market
man.
When you look at our crew of weather guys, they're the experts on the big blow and then we
got the panther situation and all of this stuff going on.
Man, we got the panthers.
Hank may or may not be coming back this week.
You got Mo there hanging on the afternoon, walking around here, strutting around as the
word that I'm here and he's not walking around here.
So assuming that, hey, does come back?
Yes.
Where does Mo go?
Where does Mo fit into the scheme of things?
Bye, bye, bye.
Is that answer your question?
Well, why wouldn't he like it and paid off other than the big fatty go he's got?
Who wouldn't want to get paid off another year and a half?
That's for sitting around and you know, playing golf up there in Voka.
Right.
And smoking his big fat Stokey's are working with the motion.
Exactly.
Sounds right up his alley, Sally.
137 votes on a hurricane, Francis.
How panicky are you?
I'll wait and see where it's really going in 83.
What?
Me worry?
21, I was my vote.
I'm not worried about it.
In fact, if it looks like it's coming here, I'll just get out here.
They hit us.
Yeah.
Oh, I have the opportunity.
I have it all over the place.
I'm a gypsy.
I'm stocking up now.
Water batteries at 713.
I'm going back under the bed 11.
Brian Orchross has me in a total panic, the weather ferry 5.
And the shutters are up already 4.
I should have a think of it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Uncle Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm great.
How you doing?
Excellent.
Welcome to the panic line.
I was working at MTV show last night.
Oh.
And, uh, second of it.
Yeah, well, you're lucky because it was horrible.
What's it?
Well, I got paid, so it's all good.
Listen, Uncle Dale, they did boot the ferry girls.
Yeah, I know that.
How about that before I got the facts?
I know, but the thing about it was, I don't think they were booing them because, you
know, it was John Kerry.
It was because they said something to the effect of you need to inform yourself about
the vote.
And there was a lot of people in the crowd who had anti-boost shirts on, a lot of the
rappers had anti-boost up.
And a lot of them, including ludicrous, little groupies, had shirts on that said, ask
why, which is doing, is reference to war.
But so there was a lot of anti-boost up.
I was hoping that they would push the bush girls, but most of the time those, Uncle has
one.
No, it's just like the Democratic Convention again.
They're being too easy on the Bush people.
They're going to want to blues them because they're trying to be too gentile and gentile.
Nobody likes the gentile, okay?
Yeah.
Well, I got something on my way.
They should be ripping their ass.
Never in history.
They got a great new head.
Have you seen the head boy?
They got Bush's voice in the background.
And they show the empty factory and he's talking about to go.
Oh, yeah.
That's a great head.
That is fantastic.
Lost more jobs than they present in 75 years.
Go ahead.
I haven't seen that one yet, but the other thing was, remember we had this thing a few months
ago with this and all, we're giving all these convicted felons.
They're, you know, they're right back and everything else.
Well, I called about that because I got popped one time for a little of the X stuff,
you know?
And I got a felony.
So I can't vote.
Well, I called that number the other day to ask how you can get your voting rights back.
Oh, well, you need to send us a letter and sign it.
And then we'll give you, we'll do it in about 18 to 24 months to take to clear your
rights back.
That's how long it takes.
Yeah.
Just a clear letter through the system to say you can vote now.
Well, don't do it again.
Get out of here.
Thanks, Uncle Man.
What was it crushed to in there at the, I didn't saw those Nazis?
Oh my God.
That queen that's faggot ed crutches there.
How am I doing?
Oh, I don't even want to answer the question.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
They're going to be a rough day today, I think.
I said that.
Can we have some more?
You see any action on that phone?
I've seen a phone like that in months.
One thing we can say, man, is lately last knock on, huh?
Knock on, knock on for a mic, man.
Knock on some for a mic.
It's been really smoking, but I can't believe it.
Well, the kids are back in school in both counties or what?
Yeah, they certainly are.
Maybe they're waiting for a love and a talk for the show to start.
Oh, that could be it now that they have no more time to show.
The show starts right.
Nice going, Greg, you imbecile man.
You wait, if you just keep the text coming, you ought to hear what Todd Rexett about him this morning was unrepeatable, certainly on a year.
How many QA'am, hello?
We got a mobile here in Highly A.
Yes sir, here's a mobile in Highly A.
How's it going?
Okay.
Greg, I got two things to say.
For the law of the VMA awards are ponderous, and I'm still wretching and reeling over that discussion of the play.
I don't know who the hell was it that announced J-Lo, the Queen of Miami, but so be it.
I guess you forgot about me, huh?
Yeah, right.
And another thing is, I'm just anxious to see Little Brian North Cross losing his voice and gagging and, you know, having a lot of experience on the last part of that.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
I just said it was kind of a gag reflex.
Found 5-60.
Yeah, the 18-10.
Choked up over there.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Poor Little Brian North Cross, everybody picks on a weather ferry.
But boy, when we get the real big blow come to town, then we need Little Brian, okay?
You know what he says?
I want to give you the real thing, you know.
I'll pass.
The hysteria, the hysteria specialist.
So this Gregory with a very nice new suit, I might add.
He must, well, it's his old suit.
It looks a little moldy, it can still smell the waffles.
And they did not boo the carry girls.
They booed the bush girls at the VMA's last night.
Do you, when you're the only one who says that?
Yeah, the way they introduced them, it sounded like they were, the people didn't know who they were.
So I thought they were booing the boys.
By the way, I got a great idea for you.
You know what we can promote for Stern?
We can promote if you missed what he said the first time, turned the QM 22nds later and then you can hear it.
Yeah, well, well, no, you can't hear because we'll probably dump it out, but that's okay.
Now, it's, we're a kickin' ass man, we're our own.
There's Greg Reed looking like he really knows what the hell's going on and that's a real joke.
How panic are you about hurricane Francis?
By the way, I'll be here through the week unless Francis starts coming real close, then I might not be here one more.
I might be doing a show by long distance again, you know what I mean?
I'm bones on the playboard, right?
I'm gonna get stuck here, I'll tell you that right now.
If there's any place I don't want to get stuck, this is it.
98 people say I'll wait and see where it's going, 98.
There goes Greg.
Nice to see it, is he believe it?
Oh, you ought to hear what Todd Rex said about you this morning, Greg.
What me, worry 25?
He said you're an idiot and, anyway, I'm, no, I said that.
I'm stocking up now water batteries, et cetera, 22.
I'm going back out of the bed 14.
Ryan Norquaz has me in a total panic six, the weather fairy on Channel 4, CBS 4,
and the shutters are up already 4 out of 169 of both.
Now, I could read the latest weather advisory, I checked it out on the, you think, from 9 o'clock this morning.
But there's really not much point in doing it.
No, there's a, it's headed west to say west at eight miles an hour, right, which is barely moving.
Well, it knows like Friday, it'll be in the zone.
And I think the slower that it moves is not the better for us because it lets that there is at the worst for us.
No, that, well, it's more powerful, but no, but it's losing a little steam right now.
It's over. We're going to go, if it moves, it moves.
Now like, you am's program line up, you're going to power, but there's more predictability when it removes slower.
There is more predictability. Wait, me like Hurricane Charlie.
Yeah, you get more time.
Nice job on that, you weather guys.
Nice, I realize that it's a tough job they got and you can't tell more than, you know,
and they did have like a full day in advance.
Right.
Maybe it's in those mobile homes over there.
All your trailer trash people out there.
No, seriously.
No, it's not a good idea to be sticking around.
Okay, it's nice to be close to home except when you're like in a real flimsy mobile home tinfoil.
Yeah, tinfoil.
A little piece of aluminum foil that's surrounding you there with your little,
I'll make believe appliances probably get, when a doubt get that out, we'll be right to do it.
Now the weather people did say it was going to hit somebody somewhere.
Yeah, on the way.
They did say that.
And did I take it to Charlie?
Was not coming here?
Right.
I don't think Francis is coming here anyway, but again, that's not based on any scientific facts.
No, no.
It's based on my a teabroom readings.
I read in the teabroom.
Your funding.
I interrupt and deaf was dealing more glory holes in it this morning.
He's under a lot of stress, you know.
If you could see, if you could see, I walk in here this morning and sitting,
and it's kind of like dark over it, you know, on that side of the building there.
And I look in that control room and there's Robert Grieper looking like he's in a total state of panic
with his callus wrapped around his neck and rubbing his tits and together.
Or maybe that was deaf was doing it.
And there's deaf sitting with it and it looks at me.
And he's got, it doesn't want to like be distracted too long because he's got his thumb on his button.
I do want to say this.
I'm in my car this morning.
I get, I'm on university grab, which is all torn up by the way.
They're not doing anything there.
They just got to turn up just for our inconvenience.
And I punch over 103.1 FM, the Buzz and Palm Beach and they're a stern, loud, clear, mostly uncensored.
And it, you know, I mean, not that to show us for me.
I don't want to go into that because we're ecstatic to have them.
Not, yeah.
Yeah.
We are.
We really are.
But, uh, and then I punch over to us.
And like I said, very seriously, 21 seconds later.
That's a triple seven second delay.
Sure. 21 seconds later, I heard them say the same thing.
Robin was screaming at arti.
You're an alcoholic or whatever.
Well, so I had a bonus.
Yeah. So in other words, if they come up with a line that great that you enjoyed it that much and you're listening on the Buzz,
then you punch over to us and you hear it again.
Get double lab.
Yeah.
See, like there's the first one.
Yeah, there's another one.
It's like Tivo for your radio.
Right.
Exactly.
Only it's a little muddy and of course we'll probably bleep it for as we do that funny anyway.
We can hear it.
Yeah.
Tivo?
No.
Tivo ain't coming here.
If they bring that corn ball loser back here, oh god.
The last thing we need is freaking Tivo.
You know, they were gunna tell you opened up a big note.
Good.
Thank god.
Not.
Really.
I think that's the theory.
Don't, don't be a part of it all.
If you may, the audience could have just seen that.
No more of that fool.
I have to have one on here to see.
I can't see a by-long distance, but I just saw that one right to the glass.
Ask.
So in other words, they were ready to bring that loser back and then I opened up a mouth.
Is that, oh, maybe that's not a good idea.
Well, first of all, if they were going to do that, they were going to screw over Hank.
Remember that pull we took last week?
The audience wants to hop over.
You know what I'm trying to say?
But it got yanked.
Right.
The one that they came running and said, don't do it, you little peon.
By the way, Greg still hates you.
Oh, yeah.
Seriously.
He still hates you either.
So don't let him come in there and give you a big saw in the dance or hatch on the back.
Just add what smack him on the head.
Or just repeat what Todd Drex said about him this morning.
But at any rate, so they were going to put him on there with Mo.
Well, that's unacceptable.
Okay.
That is absolutely unacceptable.
When you agree?
In the late bull.
No.
Oh, we don't have the right one in there.
In the late bull.
I'm not fast on.
Acceptable.
Is what it is.
We want to hop her back.
We don't need last year's Cornball Steve Nichol jokes, okay?
560 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I mean, you know, it would be a good idea.
I would say by like Wednesday on Francis.
Okay.
You have your IP, and then start going out and bring it.
Well, when the Hens is coming back.
The big bullhards.
There's someone called.
That was funny.
We love Hank.
But that's the one round of building, which means that maybe today and tomorrow might be the...
Somebody loses his momentum.
You see what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
Uh-huh.
We'll find out.
And wouldn't it be apropos?
And I'll get blamed for that based on what you just said.
Right.
It's life out.
Yeah.
Sorry.
And default everybody.
That Neil screwed me again.
And I know he wanted Jeff Rimmer to have my job at IOD.
I have never met a more delusional paranoid loser than the default in my life.
Loser.
Paranoid.
Insecure.
Yeah.
And with good reason.
WDQAM.
Hello.
That would be Sanla.
That would be less than Greg Gabudela's paranoid.
QAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Is this me?
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, we stay ever since we've been really lucky.
We say 30 years old registered the vote.
We say it's Bush.
We let him know much appreciated if John Passort played.
What did I know?
Well, you please call John Passort registered the vote.
Hate Bush so much.
That about.
Did you understand anything, Sheila?
There's some out of office.
Okay, go vote, John.
Whatever your name is, whoever you are.
Oh, man.
The power of Neil.
You know what?
It's just fantastic.
Such tremendous power I've got.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You stop.
Thank you.
Well known fact.
WQAM.
Hello.
I thought we just saw a freaky carolos in here.
You must have run back there fast to make their callies.
Lowering on the old food again.
56670560.
Town 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Does George get paid on how?
No, he doesn't.
And how many jerks he talks to you.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, why did you put George back on the show?
You suck.
Okay, thanks.
There's the boyfriend of the other one.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, did you watch the baritone last night where the runner got interrupted?
Oh, you mean yesterday afternoon when it happened or you were talking about the replay when they
grabbed the Brazilian guy off the...
Yeah, yeah, he was running along and then...
What about it?
The first one.
What about it?
Who gives a crap?
Boring garbage, man.
This is the thing.
You can pedal any kind of crap to the public and they'll sit there and watch it.
What's it got to do with ass?
Exactly.
We can't do that.
Let me ask you this.
See, this is the problem now.
Now we got to make the transition starting today.
I don't mean get rid of your people, but like I said, get rid of your people.
You're a smear of the queer crowd.
You're one of my people.
What are you talking about?
That's this one.
The previous two.
Oh.
Oh, my George back.
Neil said, hey, listen.
You can have him back right now.
It would pay me.
Yes.
Absolutely, man.
WQAM.
It would pay me.
I don't have the beef.
I want Joe Zagapy between four and seven.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
That was in my, that was one of yours.
That was one of yours.
Yeah.
No, you could have it.
WQAM.
Hello.
I know someone George back to.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
No.
Um, an alien.
An alien.
He's an alien.
Yeah.
And I know Francis is going to be coming over here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
What's the slightest you coming on?
I'm sorry.
WQ, me too.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'll call you from Kate Coral.
Well, that's your problem.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
You're talking about the hysteria.
You should hear the hysteria over here.
Yeah.
Well, you don't need another one.
Yeah.
It's real bad.
What are you laughing about?
I want to get it.
Oh, it's just that.
I'm going to listen to you over there with a North Cross.
You should hear the guys on the TV over here, the weather guy's out here.
Yeah, but you guys just got a big blow there a couple of weeks ago.
You just got Charlie, man.
I can understand why people are in a total state of panic.
Yeah, but we'll see all this one does.
But like you said over here, you called a TV station.
You give them your area code or your zip code.
And they tell you it's coming to the center right towards you.
Yeah, it's heading toward your living room.
That's what Brian said.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally.
Whatever you said.
I'm sorry that you have to be over there.
What a sad Kate Coral.
Can you imagine that?
I hear they like oral and Kate Coral is what I'm here.
Well, we'll be right back.
How panicky are you about hurricane Francis?
And what's that movie now with it?
The movie that's coming out with the oral sex scene in it?
You haven't read about that?
No.
Or heard about that?
Oh, yeah.
Although that's been done.
Was that a revolutionary thing?
No, but it's like a, I don't know.
Somebody out there will know.
We just can't talk about it.
Okay, can we talk about it?
236 votes.
I'll wait and see where the hurricane's really going.
138.
What me worry?
33.
I'm stacking up now water batteries, all of these things.
So far that's got...
About 30, man.
A brine orcross has made a total panic.
A dozen.
And the shutters are up already full.
So I guess we can do the other breaking.
And then we can start like the real show, because this is just filler.
Right here on the team.
And the warlord.
We need your projects.
Exclusively.
On 560.
You can.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard David.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I said it to my sister.
I said it.
I wonder if she'll be on American Idol.
And she said it.
No it.
No it.
Now live in the city on a TV show.
Here are lots of new faces like crack hole.
Don't have to go outside to go.
Do we have for an Irish boy?
Now I'm wrapped in a little and do a lot to shop and go into the beach instead of
shopping.
Go into your three and not stop in.
Not bad for an Irish boy.
Let me know what it is.
60 WNQAM.
Boy this is an overhead thing.
Yeah.
Just what do you do?
Not much.
Just keep pushing about it.
Here's the fact that says maybe on the only one in town who does read the bedtime stories on your website.
Now we got a few.
We got a couple.
How many we got?
About 30 men.
It's my favorite part in the Arjuns.com.
Now the problem is after we wait 30 seconds.
Are we streaming by the way?
Did we get that up or not?
It's up.
We're streaming.
It is.
See we can't stream the Steering Show because they've got the rights to this and that we can't
do this.
We can't use his voice.
We can't mention his name.
All this other crap.
So as a result what we got on there is like dead air and or filler whistling sounds and
rubbery the rubberness to fill it against dust and that's it.
That's what that sound is by the way.
You probably been wondering.
So until we come on here.
But how come we didn't get on there?
They forget to press the button again.
Not just that.
What?
I don't want to hear about it.
It says after we wait 30 seconds for all those Olympic-ass 20 pictures and comics to look.
Yeah we got too many of them on there.
We were all degraded.
We were all degraded.
Let it go.
Let's take some out.
There's too many on there to get to the stories.
You're all competing.
I noticed that.
Not good.
In fact, the over has the stats on the websites.
We're listed as slower than 92% of the other websites.
Which has been bothering me because all that means is we got all kinds of good stuff on the Internet.
Yeah.
No not so much traffic but it just takes longer to download because we got so many good pictures on there.
Which generally speaking most people spend a lot of time on the Internet wanting to look at a lot of pictures.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Anyway.
What did I mention?
I didn't mention what's your name.
I'll get to it.
What the hell did I do with that?
Oh no.
Are you kidding me?
I already threw it out.
That's how I played the show.
What's your name?
I already did the research on that.
Am I Lloyd?
Emily Lloyd.
You already said it.
I already read it.
Yeah.
Are you kidding me?
My Alzheimer's is kicking in this and being back down here again.
You're right.
I did do it.
I'm just an panic because we have no idea what the hell to expect anymore.
Please consider moving all that stuff to another page.
Touch mitts to stealing those pictures anyway.
Maybe you should just link to his website.
No thank you.
See what publics grab your batteries before Sally Fitz does.
How do you like that?
We do put the front page stuff on there where it's new and then eventually it rotates out to another page off.
Let's see.
Here it says, I know how highly regard easily broadcasting.
So I'm sending you this letter so you know how they treat small business owners who advertise on their stations and get devastated by hurricanes.
Uh oh.
I guess I better not read the name of the account.
It's a letter to Brad and Bruce Beasley in Naples and a Stero Florida.
Not necessarily in that order.
This firm represents the owner of the above reference restaurants.
They have a contract with WXKB to do live remote from so and so on Thursday and Saturday nights respectively.
Due to damage from Hurricane Charlie and the curfew imposed the Raptor neither nor have been able to host live remotes.
It's just come to our attention that WXKB has already entered new contract to do remote from competing restaurants in the area.
Not subject to the curfew WXKB has not asked for nor received a waiver to do remote from other restaurants until or available for their most but instead added to a contract for term of 13 weeks effectively terminating contract with the WXKB.
It is unconscionable that an organization such as yours in the heart of the disaster area would seek to further damage a small business owner trying to recover from the hurricane.
Therefore we were hereby request that you reaffirm your contract with and confirm as soon as so available for most issuers.
How do you like that?
Here are some poor guys. Schlup gets the devastated by Hurricane Charlie and these grave robbers are dancing on his grave.
All they are doing is standing there in the street corner with their hand out saying next.
Next? Yeah. We'll take it next.
That's the beesleys man. Look at the Humper for those of you who have been out of town.
Here's Hank Goldberg gets suspended and we're not even supposed to talk about it.
We're just supposed to pretend that a big fat guy like him just disappeared. Vanishing to thin air.
I just wanted to slide him with vanishing cream. That was nice.
That was into fat air. Yeah, vanishing to fat air. The fat man. He'll be back Wednesday. That's the rumor that I'm hearing.
And somebody is going to be really a p-oat about that.
Absolutely.
Even though I'm hearing around the building as he's become almost human other than he took that mousey musk rat and dumped that piece of crap.
I mean, it could be an ass but never the last. It's an act. It's a palpable too. It's an act.
56670560. Trust me, it's an act. Even he would tell you.
Tom 560 on the AT&T. Let's get thousands of phone calls on here today and anticipate that big blow on Friday.
WQAM, hello.
What's the lotion in the basket? WQAM, hello.
You're so fat. The back of your neck looks like a pack of hot dogs.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. Glad you're back. I need a travel tip, please. I know you're, you like camping.
This is another one of these deals about naming. Tell you a good restaurant and Amsterdam or a good hotel in Polkipsey. Forget about it.
No, sir. This is going to Canada for the first time. Going to Montreal.
Oh, well. And try to smoke meat.
Well, we're leaving Friday morning. Fortunately, just before the panic really is.
Right. What do we mean before we leave in the hits if you're leaving Saturday morning if you're frantic.
Oh, Friday morning. Six o'clock. Oh, I think that's right when the storm's coming.
No, bring it to that tailwind. You'll be there in about a half an hour.
But I've never been to that part of Canada before. I didn't know if you've been there before.
Yes. They're just like actually trying to do or see what we're there.
Eat a lot. The foods there are great. And then check out the underground in Montreal.
They got this like miles of underground shops and crap. It's great.
That's what I heard. Okay. That's what I want to hear. And glad you're free.
Don't eat for about three days before you go because the food there is sensational.
People are ugly and gross and nasty and French, but man, the food is great.
But we're just expanding to a metal.
Good. That'll screw them up. Good.
Good. I can't have a time. I'll reward.
Merci beaucoup.
We know Montreal is a pretty neat city.
Now, why were you like nodding like if you've ever been there?
No, but I saw a movie that took place there with the underground and all that.
Oh, and look at this. Here's the here's a diaphragm.
Just release out. Ford is in a clear maybe.
And I see I'm not going to go on here seeing these things.
People are saying, oh, it's a morons man.
In fact, it wasn't just released. I saw this on before the show started.
I saw this like nine o'clock this morning on the internet.
Smuck from Noah. Well, he ought to know he's still in the arc just in case.
He ought to know. Yeah. And it's the projected potential potential one to three day tracking area for the fight.
And it shows it going up like past the Bahamas blowing a couple of those bastards away, which is good.
Wouldn't that be great that we can get gambling here?
You all right. Grey robbers over there in the Bahamas.
What's the lunatics? We got many people listening over there.
Yeah, ma'am. And we still hate him like poison.
All you are is a bunch of grey robbers. You got crappy service, crappy food, and you rip off everybody that goes over there.
All you want to do is rip off the Americans.
Gowd. When in doubt, gouge him out.
And that's why we can't have gambling here is because we got to protect Nicky Errerson and his horseball cruise ships.
And we got to protect those grey robbers into Bahamas. Well, screw you people, okay?
Oh, and you know what I forgot to mention about that bitch that called on Thursday at the end of the show?
No, what? The Greyhound, the racing lady. Don't you know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah. The reason we wanted to feed the paramutual, the slot machines that the paramutuals is because the dog racing people are counting on that to stay in business.
So in other words, let the education system in a state suffer and lose all those millions of dollars.
Let the thoroughbred and harness racing and highlight everybody else suffer because she wants to put the dog people out of business because the greyhound racing is cool.
And I agree with her on a lot of that, what she says, but that's not the way to do it.
If you want to put them out of business, do it based on what your real issues are.
But see, that's one thing about soft floor demand. Everybody here has got a reason why they're against, whatever it is.
Fill in a blank. They're against that. They're against, yeah, you name it.
I'm going to my part. I'm not going to what?
The greyhound. Me either. Neither is anybody else. Neither is anybody else. That's all we can do.
And if she thinks that the slots are going to salvage that stuff, forget about it because if they have the slots they're going to have it at a top of the golf stream and quarter, all of these things.
And who the hell is going to go to the dog track with all the golfers there?
Old friend Ken Maldon. How's Ken doing? Just fine.
Good. Thank God.
So anyway, it says maybe soft floor isn't the clear because now the new projections that might go north.
In fact, it looks to me like it's going right towards Jacksonville.
Women are right. Yahoo. Yeah.
And maybe some of them might want something to do while county won't be able to vote.
Or speaking of vote, we got the primary tomorrow, right?
Okay. Aren't you excited about that? Aren't you whipped up into a frenzy? Medium excited.
No. I'm not. All I know is that the big election November 2.
All I know is that it looks like Harry's going to just hand it over on the platters.
And here you go. Former years of fascism, Mr. Presidente.
It must be bought off the Democrats.
You don't think they could be noticed inept.
That's possible, but I think they're in on it.
I mean, especially after Greg being in there just a little while ago, the word inept should be resounding through your brain.
You are listening to Neil Rodgers' speech, exclusively on 516.
You are a r.
French Packings?
Welcome.
Hi, bye, tell me, tell me, my darling.
Hi, bye, tell me, tell me, my darling.
Now you're the boy, got a safety and a good one.
And when you're gone, you can't stand the tree.
You're the boy, got a good one.
No one around here is far enough, but you.
You're the guy that knocked his head, you do it out of me.
You're the boy, oh, yeah.
Hi, bye, tell me, tell me, my darling.
Hi, bye, tell me, my darling.
Hi, bye, tell me, my darling.
Hi, bye, tell me, my darling.
Hi, bye, tell me, my darling.
Now what did you just say to me?
I almost swore, I heard you say, howard says, welcome back.
I thought that's what you said.
You're right.
We need some staples, by the way, for your crappy name.
And my bacon is on the way, we love howards, man.
Now ordinarily, I wouldn't be eating in here because I don't want to pick out.
Right.
But it's all that's been through us all well and so slim and trim.
Not really slim, but I mean, I'm like, I've got a little room, room in a shirt.
Huh?
A little nut-a-sat for lockers, a lot more than that.
Which is not as fat as usual, and certainly every slim convert to fat boy.
And what's the deal with his hair?
He looked like he was undergoing chemo or something.
A lot's the cheeky new dude now, everybody's doing it.
And he's got a great beard.
Yeah, the yelts are short buzz.
The buzz?
Did you say the buzz?
103.1FM where you can hear the howards during show, if you live in Central Broward after Bomb Beach County every day.
And a real clear signal they don't talk about in early as much.
You should pop in there and see the delay units.
I saw the, in fact, double-show lift to Robert when I walked five years from the evening.
Yeah.
And it was kind of embarrassing too.
Multi-colored though.
It's kind of like Jim.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's take a look at that QAM lineup.
Get out your pencil and your gigantic eraser.
Mad dog.
Oh, right.
Oh, and I heard him on Thursday.
You know, as much as I love him, he's just, uh, don't get it, you know?
No, he was talking about the fact that he heard the word punetang in that bit that we played.
I remember because I was debating whether we should play.
The only reason we played it because we were talking about William Kennedy Smith.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And Bill and Jack's excellent adventure.
There is no such word.
Of course not.
And so then he started trying like other words and I thought, you know, don't go there, sweetheart.
Don't go there, you know, but if it's got nothing to do with like we're trying to like push the limits because we know better than that.
Don't we?
Yes, we sure do.
It would just that I wasn't going to not play the bit because it's his that word.
Right.
It's made up words.
Right.
It means nothing.
It means especially to me.
It means less than nothing to me.
So mad dog just calm down, relax.
He'll be here at two.
Then at four for possibly his second last show ever on Q.A.M.
It's Mojaro David.
Absolutely.
What that going to be in here.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I have a go to a way.
I'm going to show a show of stay to him.
I'm going to lay for the suspended and still on vacation, hopper Goldberg.
Six thirty you got to Marlon's on deck.
Marlon's at the Metz, the Red Hot Marlon's who are not making their move.
They're making a big move now and they decay after the baseball game.
And then the morning it's the best of Howard's firm with the money.
Twenty one second delay.
And a part of the song for a little bit like that.
Yeah.
Tomorrow I'm going to test it out.
I'm going to put on the buzz.
I'm going to get a buzz on when I leave the house.
And I'm going to like listen and see how far south I can hear it.
Now this morning I listen just to see how it sounded.
On University Drive I would say like it about the Peter's Road.
There was a bell loud.
Fine.
Excellent.
Peter's ability.
No, I know that I put it over the other side.
And then I heard the same thing again, which quite frankly I didn't want to hear it the first time.
And I heard twenty one seconds.
And I thought, God, this is like not just like seven seconds later.
This is twenty one second.
A triple delay whammy is what we got.
I'm the Stern Show.
But it's going to be it's going to be giant.
And it's going to be huge.
And the boy is going to be monstrous.
I mean before this show.
Oh, God, it's going to be something.
Because if it's not Greg, he may have made his last mistake.
If this one blows up in his face, this could be he may have pushed that down.
I get it before you right through the intestine to the cold.
It's bigger than Jeff.
Is it?
Yeah.
Wow.
You'll see.
So that haircut is the new one thing now.
Oh, have you seen that?
I've never seen that before.
That's a fact.
Oh, is it?
Believe me.
I didn't get the memo.
Take the must read off.
Louise is a singer.
This will make you very upset.
Florida GOP leaders push for Jeb in 2008.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
If you ask Florida's Republican leaders about the future, they're partying many have a one word response.
It typically comes with the same exclamation point that adorns red bumper stickers across the state.
Jeb, exclamation point.
Is this unbelievable or what?
Oh, it's believing.
Am I sleeping?
Am I dreaming?
While most of this year's delegates to the Republican inventions say they're focused on the reelection of W as present, many already are thinking ahead to 2000.
The possibility of keeping a bush in the White House for 16 straight years.
Well, if we would have had Hillary succeed, Bubba, we could have well.
Some Republicans and plenty of Democrats scoff at the idea of the political dynasty, but supporters say governor, fat ass bush is success with the economy, education and other key issues.
Education would make him a strong enough candidate to overcome any backlash.
Or is that, I think what they're trying to say, black lash.
Oh, I can't believe it.
Because you dark folks out there, you better quit voting, man. It's bad for the bushes.
We fought the American Revolution not to have a monarchy, but I think each of these brothers has a public track record of stuck-sense, and Jeb was certainly has demonstrated leadership here in Florida under very trying times, said tramhuts in the GOP chairman in Sarasota County, where they never met a Democrat they didn't want to like Lynch.
One person staying out of the debate is Jeb, himself who recently announced that work related to Hurricane Charlie will keep him in Florida the week the party anoints his brother the nominee.
Well, he's busy working with Catherine Harris again. Yeah, they're working on it. They're working on those new voting machines, you know, right?
Other DVS for the second. They got their devious plans all in the story. We had on a website about Theresa LaPour.
Oh, geez, the thing I read last week about the F-SNT ballots in Palm Beach area, the broken arrow. How can she still have a job and guess who's running for re-election tomorrow?
Who want who run into get her job back? Miriam Eleford is running again.
What is witness place man? You can go away from here for 20 years and you come back and it's the same outdoor septic tank man.
You can smell it even when your plane is still in the air even what's that? Oh man, there must be Miami.
God, so what was he saying they were booing what was Greg Tire to tell us they were booing what?
That they thought there was a mix up about who was who and they thought they were introducing the other the bush twins.
So the audience thought they were booing the bush twins. How does he know that? Because he was there I guess.
Oh, well, Greg knows those bush twins. I'll tell you that.
More than a third of Florida Republican delegates who responded to survey by AP said they favored Jeff Bush as their party's presidential candidate in 2008.
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was the second choice but drew only a few votes from the 112 delegates. Nearly half of those survey made no predictions saying instead they're working to make sure that the governor's older brother keeps the White House through 2008 before looking into the next race.
You're on the audience. Fat ass Jeff Bush. What a piece of crap man. I guess I guess this state loves crap. Yeah, would explain a lot. God. How is that possible? How did he get reelected?
And again, I guess the Democrats pulling the feet from the clenching the feet from the jaws of it. I think they're in on it.
I think the fix is in. And Ralph later goes to Vegas and said gambling is evil for a bunch of suckers.
You know, it's so great to be Canadian, a. Maybe well, maybe instead of that regular, we'll get some of that good peen meal bacon.
Peen meal. Do you ever have peen meal bacon? I don't even know if that is. It's Canadian. It's the back. It is good. Yes, like. Yeah, back.
Yeah, it's like back. Back. I never heard it called WQM. Hello. Good morning, man. Whoever chose.
WQM. Hello. Yeah, would you deliver a message for Neil?
Yeah, I've been by the University of Miami. He's just discussing it. I can pick up one of three point one very clearly here on US one. Oh my God. Are we in trouble or what?
Well, I don't know, but he's saying he's going to find out how far South he could hear it in the morning. So tell him I'm already beyond the University of Miami. I mean, I can hear.
Thanks for the bad news, man. Okay. Thanks. Hey, Neil. I hear that they don't pass the U of M down there.
Where they phantom campus of a phantom university is and they can hear 103.1 wouldn't that be something if this turns out to be when a bomb a grande?
Because they're promoting that to heavily now. Well, 103 point on the bus and the Howard Stern show on without so many dumps and really clear and crystal clear on FM.
They'd rather hear it on AM. They'd rather hear it right here on QA because we love WQM and what they've done everybody here. Don't we? Yeah, where they're screwing over everybody.
WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Two spice up after noon. They should. What do you mean to spice up after noon? Well, I don't think it's back. They should slip. How are David the big all?
Oh, I notice you don't have see your 360 here is really the first. Sorry. What updated? Well, it's not updated. It's not that I have any of the good stuff in there. For example, you don't have rock solid.
I got that in mind right rock solid rock solid. See because you can only when you have it in here, you can do the very ours, you know as only the big old can do roll those ours.
How's that pull coming on the O'Rodgers calm? He's rolling a big fat one is what I'm here at the big old. You don't you never heard his show. No, I good. Good. Why would I why would anybody?
How a panic are you about hurricane Francis coming this weekend? Maybe the South Florida? Maybe somewhere maybe Daytona? Maybe Jacksonville? Maybe the Carolinas again? What they sure get it? You know what?
Yeah, we're coming down yesterday and we're flying the start in a little shopping on the plane and the pilot comes on and says, what's the tropical storm being able to eat an F a. No, seriously, whatever was.
We're just going through a little shopping as a result of tropical storm, whatever was and that's over the Carolinas. They get so much crap. If I was you, I'd better check if that house here is still up. Oh, it is. It's tucked away in the rain. Oh, that it's in a ridge.
Yeah, I'm going to happen to be ridge close enough 300 river ridge 361 votes. How's river doing by the way? How panic are you about all this crap because they're sure trying Brian or crosses doing his dang this to get you whipped up into a frenzy and going out there and buying all kinds of stuff.
That's a crap that you won't be able to return by the way. I'll wait and see where it's really going 228. What me worry 47. I'm stocking up now water batteries. All of these things 41. That's not on here either. Is it? No, all of these things. Yeah, it is. It is. It's just not on yours. You tell me what you want on there and I'll reconfigure you. You've got yours up there that you've changed. I forget about it. I'm what are you talking about? I only changes that I made last time like. Yeah. All right. And I. Yeah. And all of these things.
It's on mine. And don't forget. Now what is that 103.1?
What? I'm going out of the bed 21. Brian Rercross has me in a total panic 18 and the shutters are up already 6.
The whole of the world.
And so my truth is that I am a gay American.
I don't care. We're taking up a green. He's under the way. It's not a business if he uses narrow or loses his share or let's just share.
I don't mind that the guy even though it's kind of a surprise. I didn't think he had to resign.
Why can't he just say a fine cheer like Sam? He doesn't mean that I'm like that.
He's no one's business that he did. He's fair with these guy golem. I just say a thing.
I'm listening.
I am listening.
Is not a business if he uses narrow or loses his share or let's just share.
What's the 33 boy this is going fast today? I'll say to that. What time we start about 20 minutes ago?
No, Howard.
It seems like it. No, it seems like I just found out.
Who's the beaded curtain today?
So anyway, anyway.
Floyd Pramer, I must have been that Todd Dreck conversation this morning,
and he ripped Greg and asked her what.
But the rumor I'm hearing is that the buzz from Palm Beach, one with three point one FM,
is coming and clear all the way down like him, Kendall.
That's the buzz. That's the buzz around town.
Oh man. In fact, maybe that's why Jeff High had a buzz cut.
Yeah.
Maybe that's why Greg has got that buzz cut.
Well, if you listen to the buzz, put us down.
I don't want to tell people to lie, but I mean, would that be a shame if we went through all that trouble?
And all this grief and, you know, that would be tragic.
Put the license out there on the line,
and then all of a sudden we find out that, oh, I guess what?
There's another station that doesn't dump out nearly as much.
And for whatever reason, it sounds like clear as a bell.
Although Muff was telling me this morning, she said that
over where he lives in Fort Lauderdale on the beach,
all the way down here, can't hear the buzz.
So I guess you have to be like, maybe it's an East West thing, not an Earth South.
Oh yeah, like the Gables, I mean, by UM is really bad.
Right, way out West, isn't it? Sure.
Oh, God.
You got to turn over to FM to try to get one on three point one.
That's a problem. He's a little confused.
Speaking of the confused, now CNN pretends to have the real story about who got booed
at the MTV Video Music Awards last night.
The VMAs, excuse me.
What are you watching? VMA?
Reaching out to young Americans at MTV's Video Music Awards last night,
the daughters of President Bush and Democratic Challenger John Scurry were met by loud cheers and cheers.
The both of them.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I'll tell you what, then, Carrie's daughters are just grotesque.
Yeah. They're almost as me as Howard Dean's wife.
It's unclear exactly whom the cheers and the boo's were meant for or why.
Now, that's interesting. See, now I think they're getting to the, they got their thumb on it.
Maybe I, you know what? I think they were booing Carson daily.
They were booing Carson daily.
That's, that makes sense to me.
They began immediately after radio and MTV's Schmuck Carson daily introduced from New York,
Barbara and Genebotion here, Miami. Vanessa and Alexander Carrie.
The monster daughters.
The Carrie daughters were at the event at the American Airlines Arena.
The Bush daughters appeared in a pre-recorded video. They were busy parting.
My sister and I are thrilled to be here tonight with you all in Florida.
Vanessa Carrie, you get this chance to suggest that you get involved in this election and vote.
And hopefully that you vote for our father, for your father.
MTV camera showed some audience members apparently giving the women a standing ovation,
but the mixture of boo's and cheers continued.
Alexander, see if they wouldn't let any of your people in there, they would give them a standing ovation.
See, but they'd let some of your beeners in there.
Speaking of beeners.
Yeah. I gotta go get the food.
Oh, the food's out there. How is this here with our food? Maybe there's some been's in there.
We've got some of the re-fried been's with our bacon.
Alexander, we're created that millions of young Americans can now determine the November election,
but we appreciate that in our democracy people are free to feel differently about who they vote for.
She probably should have mentioned that it would be nice if they counted the ones for Carrie in Florida, but they probably won't.
The Carrie daughters then turned around to watch along with the MTV audience, the video of the Bush daughters.
Hey, Alexander and Vanessa and hey, everyone at the VMA said Barbara Bush.
Jenna and I really wish we could be there, but we're in New York this week to support our dad.
And as you might have guessed, we want to suggest that you vote for him in November.
Jenna Bush said we can all agree on the importance of voting.
MTV broadcast turned down sounds of the audience during the playing of the video, but the vocal audience could still be heard.
The Bush twins are 22 of Vanessa's 27 Alexander, who cares?
Well, here's our bacon. Thanks for our good friends and howies.
It says the booze seemed to die down and cheers took their place toward the end of the segment when the Carrie daughters took back the floor and encouraged people to support victims of Hurricane Charlie,
which devastated persons of Florida earlier this month.
Speaking to CNN afterward, Vanessa and Carrie said the booing had scared her, but added that we're fighting for something so strongly,
I'll go up there and hear the whole arena boo if it means connecting with one person.
She also said it was surreal to appear at the VMAs, known for having one of the most energetic and responsive crowds of any awards show.
In other words, people on the edge of 100s were all stoned off their ass is what they're trying to say, right?
Right. And especially not in Miami though.
Let's see, look, oh look at this. This one says God on it. They must mean...
Oh God.
Man. God is as good.
Too much.
I just ordered two.
Who ordered a bacon is just perfect.
I'd have like wild diarrhea by about 1245.
And then you can finish this show for later.
Yeah, right. We're the queer guys out there.
You can use it.
That's for that crowd.
And for howards people.
Oh please.
Yeah, I'm not sure which hour we're talking about.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you better get a lot of calls in here today because I want to, you know,
kind of connect with the audience again.
I didn't see Tom Jicke with any comment of paper today.
Did you?
No.
No, well I don't look so.
Why not?
You don't read the scum Sentinel?
No, it gets the finger dirty.
Oh, and now let me...
Let me say this on you.
You don't say bag afterwards.
Ah!
That must be it.
Now, we have a bit called...
What is it called?
Hidden Valley Dush.
Okay. Right.
Right.
Now, how come we can say that?
I guess you just had your thumb on it.
You can say anything you want as long as you don't say bag after it.
Right.
Unless it's a shack bag.
You say let's have a cup of tea, but you can't say tea bag.
No way.
I see.
Jose.
WQM.
Hello.
George Suck.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
I didn't realize he was that busy.
WQM.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
It's been a few weeks, sir.
Oh, yeah.
WQM.
Hello.
I get to have a nail.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I just wanted to lay in on the 103.1.
I live in West Boca, and I can barely get it there.
My sons, if you were them, and they're 103.1 down there, is coming out of Kendall.
It's coming out of Kendall.
So what does that mean?
It's a classic rock station.
So in other words, the 103.1 of guys here and down there is not the one that Stern is on.
No.
Oh, that guy's a Bozo.
That guy that sounded like such an intellect, you know?
Yes, always.
He's still like, must be in a different area.
No, I would think I know where it is.
Back to him.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pali.
So you see, 103.1 down there by UM is not the buzz.
Okay.
So that guy who sounded very authoritative.
Remember the one who thought he was talking to?
So obviously he's an idiot.
No, I mean, you know, I didn't even know who he was talking to.
I made it very clear.
He's still, well, don't be sure until Nail.
Not the same station.
Probably from the keys or something, when you think?
I guess, never heard of it.
Well, the other buzz.
Maybe, maybe Muff Lindsay or Clarence Darrow in there while they're busy
since they're supposed to be the radio mavens.
Maybe they could look it up like in, what is that thing I haven't looked in in years?
And it's got all the stations.
What the hell do they call that book?
I don't know.
It's a good book, cookbook, the radio book.
And find out what the other thing is.
It's not the buzz.
Oh, thank God for that.
Otherwise, they were done.
You were listening to Neal Rogers.
You can't have a school listen to the one on 560.
If you A.M.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Ugh, Martha, I can't get up.
What do you mean?
Well, the older I'm getting the tougher it is, the climb out of bed and start the day.
George doesn't know it, but this morning he's getting prune tang.
A brand new breakfast drink that will get him up and active before he knows it.
Here honey, drink this.
Mmm, not bad.
It tastes like Grandbury Choucentuna.
I'm feeling good.
I feel like I can move a mountain.
Come area little muffin.
Oh, George.
Don't let age get you down.
Try the new breakfast drink sweeping the rest homes of America.
New prune tang.
Prune tang.
Its store is everywhere.
145, so anyway, the big...
Oh!
You can't spell moron without a couple of times, you know?
So he's evidently thinks that he's a big superstar now because of the rock solid.
Which he has realized that we're all making fun of how rock solid.
The ridiculous that thing is, and that's what we just played.
So the rumor that I'm hearing from the people at Howys is that he decided that it was such a big hit because we're all playing rock solid.
He went to the client personally and tried to get more money for himself for doing the spot.
Rock solid.
And almost blew the account is what I'm hearing.
So to spell.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
Maybe that would have worked better.
Rock solid.
Just quit when he ego crap, okay?
Big O, just kiss the ground that they let you on the air that they got a tinier in his place.
That they have no idea who really belongs on the air and who doesn't to give you an idea.
There's an example for you.
There's a classic example.
I always show what I had to take for a little when the Todd Dreck was in to this morning.
Half an hour coming in to lick my ass as they pray you again,
if trying to suck up for me to do in the count that I won't do.
This is Dale's department man, the best.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT.
Did they come in here and tell us what 103.1 FM is from Key West to where it's from?
No.
No.
What the hell are they doing beside maybe each other in there?
Nobody can cue Am, hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey don't pal, play with your back.
Yes sir.
First of all, I can't stand stern.
Second of all, I love the fact that Hank is gone because I can't stand here.
No you can't stand anybody.
No, no.
You can't stand you either.
5667-0560, you can't stand as you see you know what really gets me about these people.
What have I said before?
You like a show?
Tune it in, listen to what I enjoy.
You know like it, there's 80 million other radio stations.
There are CDs, there's cassettes, there's pop-up toasters.
All the rest of us do that, all the other things.
Very simple.
But you're typical South Floridian, you don't like anything.
I guess like that dog track bitch.
Everybody here has got some reason why they're against it.
You name it.
It's full in the blank.
Well, they're against those people.
Yeah, if it's a nice sunny day and not too hot, not too human.
All on against that, that's bad for tourism.
People come here for the hot, for the heat.
Now that we got Shaq, 5667-0560, you don't send it that money for the Panthers.
Okay, I'm telling you right now.
What are you laughing about?
Listen to me.
Suppose you went online, suppose you went online and I'll give you an example.
Remember I ordered a pair of these great new balance shoes on mine.
And then I got thanks to my friends at Brandy's by way for the pair that I got waiting for me right here that I got my hand.
And suppose I went on there and they took the money, but there was a note on there.
It said, send us the, give us your credit card number and we'll take the money, we'll charge it, but we don't have the shoes.
Now maybe, maybe in six months we might have, maybe in a year, maybe in a couple of years we don't know.
Would you buy them?
No.
Would you hand them the money over so they could hold it, feel it, squeeze it, bottle it, put it in the bank and make some interest on it.
Probably not.
So how can any of these NHL teams have good conscience be selling season tickets?
It's like a bait and a swish is what it sounds like to me.
God, so many stupid people and so little time.
If we just figure out how to exploit it, are we already half?
WQAM, hello.
George is calling.
You're at, okay, good.
I thought he said George is positive, he's sensational.
That's what I thought he was going to say.
WQAM, hello.
And here's our love everybody.
What is it?
I love everybody.
I don't know why everybody has to have all the hate.
I know.
I think this darn show is...
Yeah, urban John.
Well, it took me about two, he had like a...
He's putting on a Jamaican coat.
Yeah, I'm off.
It's on it.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. WQAM, hello.
What was your Michael?
So sleeping when you left him this morning.
Oh, the same crack.
This guy, how many years has that been?
How many years has he heard from him?
He's not third man.
It was just his entertaining man.
WQAM, hello.
How good of you, how are you?
Okay.
I have to go apologize.
I was being called earlier and my other phone was ringing.
And I was all fucked up and I didn't know what to phone to grab.
And that's why you heard my son ringing earlier.
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
Listen, the only thing the good thing about...
We're worried about hurricanes is it takes your mind off.
So what's going on with this election, you know?
Is that it?
Well, no.
I mean, I remember back when Hurricane Andrew came and...
Ryan Northcross was hunker, hunker down in the bunker.
And the best thing to happen there was we lost Howard
and have to look at him for 12 days.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the 8-T.
Yeah, Hurricane Andrew, that was really a funny stuff, huh?
Yeah.
We'll talk about it.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what I think would be so great about Hammer in your face
by my mo is the fact that it'll feel like another dolphin game
when they do a crossover, 358 PM.
Yeah.
It'll feel like a crossover like you had the dolphin game.
You even let it dolphin to flock this year.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5, this is the best bacon that you've ever had today.
And the calls to...
No, they're...
I was going to say that in a bloody mention.
This is the best bacon in the world at Howard's.
So you look like you're enjoying it.
I am.
And it's so crispy, man.
Yeah.
How do they do that?
They're like, they just about...
They got it down.
They'll tell you another thing.
They got these Cuban sandwiches down, even though they're gringo.
They got the Cubans down, good.
Yeah.
They're about to eat a lot of Cuban.
They're about to eat a lot of Cuban day.
They're great.
Except for Miguel, he's voting for Kerry.
That.
That should tell you a lot.
He's taking a lot of heat.
We've been talking about it.
Is he really?
From his family.
Well, screw that.
I'm not familiar.
Okay.
He's screwing off the mealy.
Okay, in fact, lock them in a lock box till after, till remember, through it.
All right.
I'm telling you right now, that's the only way we got a chance.
And all you dark folks out there, you better vote a whole bunch of times.
Fucked it, man.
So that one might get counted.
So letting all the Cubans vote twice.
That's what I heard, especially if they're old and look like your mother.
And dead.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox, and I think the whole...
Oh, man, Sonny.
I know you've had a rough life, Sonny, but what happened to that voice?
So...
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Bill.
Yeah.
It's so silly.
I'm going to talk about...
You...
Hello.
Yeah.
Are you laughing because of my voice?
No, not me.
And you sound okay.
You sound just like Ron.
You sound silly, mealy.
Yeah.
Every time I come up, you just...
You're laughing at me.
It's so silly.
Yeah.
It's silly, deep.
Okay.
Oh.
I am so glad to be back here.
Yeah.
This is where it's at.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All of it.
And if they were fighting, WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Bill are eradicated.
Yes, sir.
Going on, man.
How you doing, man?
Nothing.
Nothing. Nothing.
Great to have you back, man.
Great to hear you.
George, I love you.
Hey, you're okay, George.
Let's great to hear you.
Hey, can I ask you about a bit?
Don't shoot me.
Go ahead.
All right.
Back a long time ago, man.
It wasn't that long ago.
Yeah.
You did a catch in the kettle with the peaking moon, man.
I want to hear that.
I went on your website before I couldn't find it anywhere.
Good.
Catching the kettle?
Yeah.
I got catch in the crystal.
That's not the one he's talking about.
No, no, no.
Catching the kettle in the moon.
Yeah, we know the one.
What's that called?
Huh?
That was rock comedy, wasn't it?
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, it's in here somewhere.
We'll figure it out, man.
All right.
Get on here.
Good.
I don't know where it is.
Where is it?
Out of disc.
Okay.
We'll flip it all around.
Boy, that freaking car was what was she doing in here?
Get lost.
Go away.
Go down the hall to power.
So what were you talking about?
The show Griffin is about 450 pounds now.
Yeah, she's on, I'll flip it on.
She's like a correspondent for, um, maybe...
She's on the Acton's Day Live.
Good day, right?
Did you ever see me?
You ate an all-acarb loaded stuff?
Yeah.
And she's twice the size as when you last saw her easily.
A giant in the radio industry.
Almost completely wrapped.
Where'd she look with the Joe Castello?
Don't forget, join a crew today, five to seven at a mega liquor store.
Located at 146.57, Southwest 56, Wright and Miami.
Stop by to spin a QM Vio for prizes.
That's what the Crow today at MegaLook is to her.
147th Avenue Drive.
And if he don't smell better than anybody you've ever smelled.
Probably a little bit too good.
Maybe he'll even loan you some of that cashmere bouquet to smear on your...
I have to do it.
Rub up on him and you can smell that.
There you go.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I need a pool of water, 20 bucks.
Just keep on earthy anyway.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
The name of the movie with the oral scene.
I bring a porn.
You were asking earlier.
Do you want?
The new movie with the oral scene.
Right, what is it?
Brown bunny.
That's it.
And it has George Wooden Hill.
It's Vincent Gallo and Chloe Sebrini.
Okay.
Those are the people who are in it.
But in George Wooden Hill, he didn't even know about this scene.
He didn't even know about this scene.
But I know those movie.
Well, yeah.
But you haven't heard about this movie.
This is big stuff.
Neil, can you do me a fair?
Maybe.
Can you play that a crow thing with the hernia, with the weightlifter?
Crow thing with the weightlifter.
You have it up there.
You didn't give it to us.
What is that?
Oh, no, I can't do that.
I'm not doing it until I get to weightlifter.
Wait a week.
Next week, you have to wait a week, man.
I don't want to overdo it.
That's not what I'm eating out.
It's not what I'm eating out.
It's great.
It is great.
I mean, I heard that.
And I just immediately reached over and started out
because I thought this has got to be safe from posterity.
Because only the crow could come up with some heavy...
Even the bush-mice derain in his league.
You don't want to come to some of them words.
That's where you see some armed problem.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight.
You think Tom Jicke got kidnapped or something?
Got hijacked?
He doesn't write radio anymore.
Speaking of hijacking after the break.
No, listen.
After the break, that story, how come I didn't mention this earlier?
Well, because nobody was...
But the Russians?
They're waiting for us to come in.
No, not about the Russian.
Oh, the other one.
The other one.
The planes were to check the terrorists.
I mean, what kind of a moron did you have to be to?
I know that that was the terrorism.
Yeah, the Russians.
But the plane had crashed in November of 2001,
just a couple months after 9-11.
In Queens, we all remember that.
American Airlines jet.
And all not at just an accident.
Just a coincidence.
There is no coincidence.
Power.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
Powerhouse.
One.
Five, six, eight, two, eight.
And.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat sign.
It's yet the food tastes great so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken and chicken jowl, man.
Seems to me I ought to sweeten sour pork.
But Garfield's on my form.
He's burned here on my form.
There's a cat in the kettle at the peak in Moons.
The place that I eat every day at noon.
They could feed you cats and you'll never know.
Once they're out there, I've been the voice.
They pride with Christendot.
This is such a good crowd.
I wanted more as he was dialing up his body at the old pet store.
And said not today I lost my appetite.
Let's do cats in my belly and they want to fight.
I was sucking on a rollet and the tongues are too.
When I swear I heard it mute.
Where's my milk?
It's when I knew.
There's a cat in the kettle at the peak in Moons.
I think I got a stuff even there with no one.
They say that it's deep off is your pork.
But it's current there on my fork.
There's a hairball on my fork.
That's a poppycock.
By the way, do you ever have poppycock?
Yes, but I'm quite fond of it.
And they got the new way of just nuts.
Yeah, I like that.
Poppycock nuts.
I have a big can of it at home.
I wonder if the British Roers could use that.
From 0-2 at 560.
So there you go, pal.
Your request immediately of nuts soon.
We had to get a whole cast of thousands of people in it.
I'm at the party.
Search party.
Grab it and grow up and for it.
And we found it.
Yeah.
Here's that poll, neo-roggers.com.
Don't forget we got what's your name on here today?
Emily Lloyd.
Emily Lloyd with 1L.
Sure, whatever.
Yeah, with 1L.
How panicky are you about hurricane Francis?
There's 507 votes.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because the show started almost on time today.
What?
Took a lot of people by surprise.
Yeah, like us.
Right.
No, what do you mean figured?
Around one time you're going to get done.
Oh, Pennsylvania, look at that new poll.
Bush 47, carry 47-8 or two.
He was ahead and carry was ahead by 4 points in Pennsylvania.
He's slipping, man.
Wisconsin, Bush 48, carry 45-nator 4.
The old toad who says gambling is evil and bad.
Oh, this is scary.
I-O-Up.
Carry 51, Bush 45-nator 2.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Nator.
I'm waiting to see, and that is a flip of news here.
Come on, let's see some more good crap.
Florida, this is the one I was in the air this morning.
Bush 48, carry 46-nator 2.
You stubborn bastards, you.
Oh, there's that Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Seven votes.
He's the anti-Christ.
You hear how many?
What do you just say, Bush is going to get seven votes.
He's voting five times.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Frank Carl, yes.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, I'm on the air?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
He's struck.
Okay, like I said briefly, 5'6'7, 0'5'60,
pound 5'60 on the AT&T.
I'm not gagging on his bacon now.
You think how he's going to kill me again?
Let's just inhale it.
I mean, that's what I'm doing.
Quite close.
Mm.
WQAM, hello.
Fine.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
It's Fonsegorda, damn it.
Oh, no.
Yeah, put it in Gorda.
I don't think we can say that anymore.
No.
WQAM, hello.
Joyce has her way.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How can you believe these people from the weather?
I mean, two weeks ago, a three-win Charlie,
only 30 seconds, but 30 seconds, and wow.
Yeah.
Homeless like Wami, you know.
Right over there in Puthagorda.
Hey, but how can you believe these people with,
it's amazing.
And channel seven, did you see channel seven this morning?
No.
Favorite, favorite, favorite, that's Home Depot.
Showing Home Depot.
And I'm telling myself, well, why can't they be a loo's or,
I prefer people's hardware stores, I'm telling myself.
Yeah, that's a good point.
I say screw Home Depot, don't you?
What I say, who the hell needs them?
How about Lindsay Lumber?
Aren't they out of business?
I think they might be.
Hmm, haven't heard from them in a long time.
There was one over by mile, but they're on Sterling Road.
Haven't seen them in ages.
They're gone, and so is she.
567, 0560.
Pound 56, I'm selling that condo by the way.
Anyone want to buy it?
No?
Yeah, you can buy it for your maf.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're just giving me real close.
You can be right up the street in Hollywood.
Oh, yeah.
Beauty.
Then they're done that.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how are you today?
Okay, how are you doing?
All right, tropical storm gas, and it wasn't one that just dumped on stuff.
Gas-Dawn, I passed on gas-Dawn, as a matter of fact, that's the way we just flew over yesterday, right?
Yep, I live on Daytona, and I just got done clean up the yard for two weeks.
I can't even bear to turn on the TV.
I don't need to be working on a weekend all the time.
I don't blame it.
Whatever that means.
Hey, I also got sucked into some high stereo.
I went in so that blue water with the...
You know what I'm talking about, that new movie?
Open water, I'm sorry.
Open legs?
No, no, no.
Open legs in blue water.
Just like the picture, two people sitting in the water and you're staring at them for an hour and a half.
I'll be the angry.
Well, it depends on who they are, I guess.
567-0560, sounds like one of them Olympic events.
Water-sitting?
Yeah, let's start.
That's going to be next time.
Water-sitting, floating.
Oh, the green floating.
Then, greens are good at that.
They like floating upside down.
How many QA-M, hello?
A nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I've got a pole for you.
Hello, for a hotwood skirt.
How many game men would have Aino sex with hotwood skirt?
Oh, great, that's perfect.
WQA-M, hello.
Punta-goda means you've got a little bit...
Okay, good. WQA-M, hello.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I'm out of the way.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I thought that I was on the...
You are.
I am.
Terrific.
This is Mark E.G.
How are you?
It's who?
You're going.
Who the hell is Mark E.G.?
First of all, a long-kind listener way back since your cage.
Yeah, but why do we need a name?
We don't do names.
If you're a long-time listener, you should be well aware of the fact that we despise doing names.
Never do it again.
I'm sorry.
Hey, we got a lot to do in this selection.
I'd like you to ask your favor on the year.
I don't know if you know I do the gay radio show.
No, I don't.
You're sister's thing.
No, and that's what you're doing calling this show to the party.
Keep saying that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
We don't have any...
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
He said that.
That's what me wanted to say.
Yes, she wanted to leavemusic.
That's what me wanted to say, yeah.
Tensci' wah yeah yeah!
like Stern don't even know he's on his station yet. So that's on the station. I bet you
there's going to be a gigantic campaign. I bet you that Greg's going to have Miguel
walk it up and down Lincoln Road Mall with a sandwich board and a bell and a little
ring the ring that bell. How? By the way do you see those awards last time? No. Oh
brother. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. How come every time you guys are going to
talk about something about the hair clean that crashed in November or whatever. Oh
yeah okay thanks. He reminded me. Okay. That's all. Every time you're going to talk about
that you don't. Every time we do it then we're going to do a bridge. South Carolina
and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas
and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then
we're going to wash it in this sea to take back the White House. That's a popping
cut.
Trust not. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Every time I see.
All right.
President Thump's
Rapalpic and muscle
And in our takin'
And idiot
I don't know why
They were in wanton's
Yeah, but now he's
He's here, first through to the
Four years
With President Thump's
Well,
He's here,
Oh, what I get
To come
One more one's more
And yet we all voted for one
Yeah, you want this?
Don't know the lyrics
From the stupidity
You turned the phone
And this wronged rich kid
Don't know the love
He's even
Some are then me
He's President Thump's
Yeah, dog care wanted to
You got him in by her
For all the Christians
All I know is what's better
You and I
But how don't feel
We're about a great leader
With President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President Thump's
President THiane
Doris claimed today had used his Canadian passport to board flight 587 and conducted a suicide
mission with a small bomb on a bomb of a Puccaneer, similar to the one used by convicted
shoe bomber, Richard Reed, a top secret Canadian government report says.
But official said it was unlikely today was actually involved in the crash, which killed
265 people and considered accidental.
The fact that I'll cut a tribute of the crash today however suggests they were expecting
to attack a plane.
We have seen no evidence of anything other than accident here said Ted LaPadawitz, a spokesman
for the West National Transportation Safety Board and they're known for lying a lot.
There has been no evidence found from what I can tell, he said.
At least that's been relayed to us that there was any criminality involved here.
It appears at least the evidence we have is that a vertical fin came off, not that there
was any kind of event in the cabin.
It was just a bad timing, that's also suspicious, right?
Sure.
And we got planes flying all the sky all the time.
Paranoid, you're just paranoid.
That's right.
Today, 39 came to Canada from Tunisia, 1991.
It became a citizen in 1995.
It's shortly after getting his Canadian passport left for Afghanistan and trained with some
of 9-11 hijackers, who recorded the 9-11 commission in the USA.
He recorded a martyrdom video, but was dropped from the 9-11 mission after returning to
Canada in the summer of 2001.
The plan of the World Trade Center attacked Khaled Cheek, Mohamed claims today was
recruited for a second wave of suicide attacks.
How do you like that?
I don't.
The information on today's alleged role in the plane crashes contained in a memo on
Captain Kennedy, the kind of operator of Mohamed Mohamed Mansour, Jabara.
The Canadian government, and was written in May 2002, was based on information provided
by a source of unknown reliability.
Jabara is a 22-year-old St. Catherine's resident who allegedly joined Al-Qaeda and convinced
the Salabelani to give him a terror assignment.
It was tasked with overseeing a suicide bombing operation in Southeast Asia, but was caught
at a sense-plated building in the USA.
The report, which was sent to the Philippine National Police Intelligence Directorate,
recounts what Jabara said when he was told about the U.S. plane crash by Abdul Abdelraman,
a Saudi Al-Qaeda member who was working for Khaled Cheek, Mohamed.
You like all these names connected now?
OK.
No.
In discussions, Abu Abdelraman mentioned Al-Qaeda was responsible for the assassination
of the Massoud, the Northern Alliance leader.
According to the source he added that 12 November 2001 plane crash in Queens of the
Arctic was not an accident as reported in the press, but actually an Al-Qaeda operation.
He informed Jabara that proof the Tunisian-conducted a suicide mission on the airplane using a shoe
bomb on the same type used by Richard Reed.
Fruit the Tunisian was identified from newspaper photos as being identical to Abdul Ruf Jaday.
It can aid in the citizen who resided in Montreal.
Maybe that guy is going to Montreal, can look up his kin, find out.
Check the story out.
Who's your kin?
Yeah.
What do you think?
Maybe you can read the Kinsey report before it goes.
That movie that's out, you know?
What's it got to do with Howard?
What's it got to do with the oral sex scene?
What's it got to do with what?
Are you kidding me?
Absolutely.
So what's the deal?
Is Han coming back once or what?
I guess they probably wouldn't tell us if he really was.
That was a scuttle butt around a building this morning.
But if he really was coming back from vacation and this unwarded long suspension, all
he had a rumors about it.
Right.
They wouldn't have said that.
Well what I'm saying is they wouldn't say that because probably tomorrow they'll say
tomorrow at what time does he get done tomorrow?
6.35.
They'll say no more or or not, all depending on what the real story is.
Huh?
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Maybe we're doing evenings.
No, but wouldn't you be ecstatic?
I mean I got paid the work.
Are you kidding?
7 months by Paxon Rilled.
Unless you had some kind of a mammoth ego, right?
Or some great need to be on air and drive all the way, slip all the way from Bokin.
I think he'd be fine.
You see him?
Just write him a check.
Sure.
I'll take it.
There you go.
Well now that you and he abonded so well, I would think it'd be okay.
No problem.
5.670560, pound 560 on it.
Put that bacon.
I don't know what they do.
How do they do it?
Like they just say do it right.
How is the or is how?
How come we never mentioned anything about it?
Like a load somewhere.
What?
It's in one of these little, little, little, little, little, little, little hole in the wall
somewhere right up the road.
Yeah, but we ought to be giving them a better plug than that.
That had been feeding us here for a corn sage, man.
They're at 2430 South State Road 7 in Miramar.
Right.
954, 989, 7707.
They got good crap.
They did.
The best baked sandwiches.
And the best bacon ever.
Corn beef.
I thought there was a place in Toronto that now closing down Jay Mugs right next to the
eatin center.
I thought they had the best bacon if they're Sunday brunch.
And it was very good.
But nothing like this.
This is just the die for.
If you like crispy bacon, you know, they're just about like crumbled in your hand.
Man.
Oh, I bet you that lie 9 is a real winner.
You watch.
I'm telling you.
Mark it down.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I think that was obviously roofed today.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling you.
How about your party?
Calling you?
Speaking to him.
Am I?
Yes, you are.
Oh, I'm here in Hollywood.
You can't even get buzzed.
It's unlistenable.
Unlistenable.
Absolutely.
Kind of like more to the other AM station.
It's unlistenable.
Yes, the buzz.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Thank God for that.
Okay, at Hollywood, they can't hear it.
Don't we hear relieved?
Oh, yeah.
At least we'll have another there.
What?
Yeah.
No.
I don't think so.
Sure.
All those workers got like kind of kind of a changing thing, you know.
Changing demographics into what?
Jungle.
Oh, the...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Old people, maybe.
Pound 5, 6, 8, 8.
No.
Wrong.
You better take a look around you, Mr.
So within just a matter of moments there, I get a facts, which I'm keeping there.
I've said it aside in my new shoes in the shoe box.
In fact, I want to see what's in my shoes.
What about that?
No, no, seriously.
Seriously, about there they want to buy my mother's condo.
Well, actually, my current good.
Property value in Hollywood's going through the roof.
Is it really?
Yes, it is.
How much do you think I can get for that?
About four or five hundred million?
Yeah.
I'll take it.
He says what he won for it, money.
WQA in a lot of it.
WQA in Hello.
WQA in Hello.
Yes, sir.
I saw you say something.
I love your show, First and Caller.
Yes?
No, you're not.
Yes, I am.
And I was just going to talk about George.
I really love your show and I can't stand George.
So, guess what?
Here's the solution for it.
When George is on the whole listen.
Very simple.
How do you like that?
For me?
I don't really care whether you like George.
Hey, George, George is doing just fine.
In fact, the ratings that came out.
July, we did great.
In fact, we were the only day part on the station.
Pretty much stayed about flat.
The other morning, with down a little bit after a little bit more.
So, George had to find July.
He was on most of July.
I was on vacation there for a week.
And I was only doing Tuesday and Thursday.
So, those people out there, including Greg Reed, by the way,
who don't appreciate the fact that George is doing a fine job.
Now, your mama, that's my comment to you.
What?
No, nobody in this building is doing it.
It must grow.
Not allowed to like it.
Not allowed to say it.
How does he explain this?
How does he explain on our website to tremendous response?
We still call the new writers.
You believe when you're reading.
No, George, no Rogers.
It's the new Rogers show.
So, what about it?
What do you care?
As long as you're making a big book.
I know.
There are just bastards in this building.
Well, you're...
So, that's a bulletin?
No.
Why do you think I'm so delighted not to be here in 99 and 9th test?
I'll wait a little bit at the time.
Okay.
How many people are doing this building?
Well, if I never saw him again.
But turn, man.
He'd be much too soon, huh?
Just 30?
No, that's just worth 100.
That's not 100.
Yeah.
Well, we don't have one.
It's just about 100.
Yet, we're working on it.
Oh, these silly little children out there.
You stop.
George is about...
See, like, how many times do we talk about this?
About this?
All you people in South Florida want to do is complain.
Waaah!
Waaah!
Now, that's why when I got that one fax from a happy camper.
He's happy we got stirred in the morning.
He likes our stirring.
He likes me being on right after it.
Yeah.
He's happy.
There's a happy guy.
There you go.
As opposed to most of you, which quite frankly, when I look around, I can understand why you're pissed off.
George needs a meal, Rogers.
The President is about to cry at 60 this year.
QAAA.
Get, baby.
Hi.
This is Vice President Dick Cheney.
With my grueling schedule.
I can't afford not to be in shakes.
That's why I'm introducing my new series.
A high intensity workout videos.
What's Cheney's size to the oldies?
We'll start with jumping jacks.
Now, it's important to remember to pace yourself and only work out within your limitations.
So that, be shoulder with the part, hands at the sides and begin.
What?
On!
Claire!
Oh.
As I tried to do a little too much.
Two.
A lot.
Claire!
Oh.
I'm getting warmed up.
Three.
Oh.
Claire!
You're never going to believe this.
You'll believe it.
Here's the facts from.
Somebody I hung up on before who wants to use this show to promote their own crap.
Oh, the guy.
I told you he faxes all the time.
Yeah, I did.
Oh, so now I got the meal hang up and I'm part of that specially hang up club.
I'm honored.
Well, here's my response to you, okay?
Fuck.
I sent you two faxes over the last two plus years asking you to be on my show.
The answer is still.
No.
I don't have, what would be the point of that to help him get raised?
No.
The answer is no.
Oh, I got it.
I got four hours a day, five days a week, or at least three and a half or maybe three hours.
Why don't you hang up with him?
I don't know how I get ratings for free.
Right.
Having said that, I know we have a very similar political agenda through my show, but I hate to break the news to you as Schmuck.
I don't need your show.
I don't need you.
I don't need your show.
If you're doing so great, hey, more power to you.
Keep banging away on your agenda.
I'm banging on mine right now, okay?
I'm squeezing it.
PS, by the way, I was not looking for free on air promotion.
That's why I only use my name and not the short station.
I only use my name.
More power to you.
Got on the air and said that.
We'll see more from Mindy.
We don't need no Mindy lying on a station.
Okay, stick to a magic.
Okay, stick to the oldies, Mindy.
Get out of here.
Pull questions, suggestion.
Oh, yeah.
Look at this.
And now he's even writing it out longhand.
He doesn't even buy the typing name or Craig and Miami Chronic Craig who's trying to tell the world.
Oh, oh, I have no idea.
You guys stick it on channel, it's 08.
I don't know why.
What's the remote there?
Press 08.
Yeah, and there she is.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
You told me for the time, actually.
I'm out of my sight in Miami.
We're at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards and all the stars show up and guess what?
Not a whole lot of them talk to us.
Take a look.
Oh, my God.
He probably when I saw that thing, they probably ran.
She's quadrupled and said.
Bigfoot, Jr.
Holy moly.
I did the room too.
The size of Uranus.
Bigger than that.
That is scary.
So Craig and Miami's got a very original pull suggestion.
Craig, you're pathetic, man.
You are so sad.
I have no life.
Who is the most beautiful woman alive today?
How many times have we done that pull in the last five minutes?
It's a third man.
Get a life, Craig.
Okay, get a blow up doll.
It's my best suggestion for you.
And wait until you hear his suggestion.
His choice.
Pamela Anderson Lee.
Oh, he did that just for me.
Oh.
He's like that.
Oh, man.
He passes it again just because we missed it the first time.
He'll be back to us.
Craig.
He'll be lost.
Okay, get lost.
Go away.
Find a boyfriend, a girlfriend.
Like I said, a blow up doll.
I can't run away.
I can't turn you down.
His average is a blow up doll.
I think even a blow up doll would turn him down.
You know what?
I really do.
It would blow away.
Probably deflate.
His ego.
567-0560, pound-560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, and hello.
Good.
Welcome back, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Very good.
Good.
I was just hearing you talking about a condo.
You want to put for sale?
I'll give something back to you.
A free market analysis for your condo.
You put me in a hole and I'll send it to you.
A free market analysis.
I want to know how much the value of that place is before you get it.
Right.
So if you put me in a hole, I'll give that information to you for free.
Do we know you?
You sound very familiar.
No, I'm Dutch connection.
You don't know.
My car is Irishman.
No, I'm Dutch.
Oh, you're Dutch.
Holy Dutch, man.
Oh, God.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay, but I think the empty milk is lost.
Why?
I don't trust the gentleman about your cheap answers.
He's going to screw me in and try to pull some out of a fast deal.
Put jeans doing.
See on the dam rack, not.
I'm burnt out on the Dutch.
On Amsterdam, on the smelly repentant.
So you said I'm burnt out on that whole deal.
You know, there's more bow.
Oh, no.
Look at that.
Oh, my God.
He just slapped off the right end of my screen.
It was all up here.
From the food cell, if you saw what you've seen.
You can see how far apart her arms are.
Her gut is wide.
How do you see that other arm?
It's back there.
It's way back there.
It's back there.
All right, right next to her.
Back there.
Back there.
I think it's upper.
Back there.
Wow.
He's spherical.
He is disgusting.
What channel did I get off here on CNN?
I don't know what you were on.
54 or so.
I should mention also that in what we're capable to why have?
It's all of it.
Comcast.
Comcast.
Yeah, everybody.
I hope that the people at Comcast rot in hell, okay?
They changed all the channel numbers around.
Sure.
And they like to...
Last night I was in town.
They changed them around.
Now I finally figured out where they were.
I come back again and they changed them again.
I hear the carry daughters and all that stuff.
I don't want to see the carry daughters and the bush for the misery.
And you know what?
The who got booed.
Wow, what channel you want.
That good day life still.
To suggest that you get involved in this election and vote.
And hopefully that you vote for our father.
Okay, you know what?
The booing was all over the time.
I think you have to be...
I think you're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
You're saying boo.
WDQM Ola.
WDQM Ola.
WDQM Ola.
Hey, Neil's a grown.
OK.
OK.
Hello.
Yes sir, speak to me.
Now forget about your boyfriend over there.
He's putting his underwear back on.
Come on, let's get with it.
He's putting his underwear back on.
Come on, let's get with it.
Like I said, that's the one.
That's the one.
That's the one.
Huh?
Well anyway, you know, that's why he's putting his underwear back on.
I think it's a Brazilian dish.
560.
Oh yeah, it is lunchtime.
560.
7.560.
Pound 560.
Go play with your celloupo.
OK, sweetheart.
WQAM.
Hello.
Shacken out of that.
Shacken out of that.
Yeah, good.
OK, they're running out of material now.
WQAM line 9.
That's it.
That is their material.
I know.
QAM.
I just want to say that Paul Kashow is the biggest node talent
that ever crossed the...
Yeah, we know that already.
OK, you're boring.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing, buddy?
OK.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Sure.
What do you think about this public in natural convention?
Are you going to take any view of it or...?
No, I will not.
And we're going to take any view of it.
Yeah, I have a dim view of it.
How do you like that?
Never in clockwork or orange.
I have a real dim view of it.
Oh, brother.
Just unbelievable.
So keep swinging at ceramic number around and have a good time.
Hop on it.
Hey, listen, it was in the Olympics.
Oh, that's an event now.
Yeah, sure is.
Oh, listen, it's an old one.
They've been doing it a long time.
Well, those Greeks.
21 till 1.
That's what I meant at QAM.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
That's the house.
Get wild.
No, 20.
I'm not going to call him.
Another one is raiding the moh island.
And they've been in his home.
And they've been in his home.
At least they're caught in my airs for ages.
They're away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're about.
Oh, hello.
And I want you to take on J. Bieber.
Oh, J. Bieber.
Is that great, Gordon?
I can't good you.
I like J. Bieber.
Well, if not the mention, he's got to explore
to never release smooth deposits.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe it's going to be good for what you see here.
Oh, check it out.
Thank you, Ma'am.
No, no, wait a minute.
It's all gold.
But I have nothing else to sell.
Look, look, look, how about this?
I was the weather down there in the Maramon.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I turn you a lot.
And I'll hold you over the break.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
No way.
That worked the only color we had.
The things I know is growing again.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins just when they start to tickle.
My eye denies the door to door is over.
Yeah, I look like I'm falling apart.
And because I'm on a grand deal track.
When I know that's been with Michael Bay.
Yeah.
And I can't do what's happening.
And I can't understand what we do.
How are you now that we've been waiting for the day?
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
So, while we're in the break, what magazine was that?
Why don't we hear that on our website?
We do, that's a.
There were some huge humongous millings and whatever
he were just looking at.
It was a Playboy celebrity thing and we had a lot of that material from it.
Well, we should have like a whole thing on there.
A thing?
We should ever say catch up.
Oh, speaking of a Vogue Gryphon.
Yeah.
Here's a pole suggestion how do you like you're pig?
Huh?
What are they talking about pork?
Oh, no.
We say pork on here. No, no, don't forget to buzz.
Oh, it's speaking of morons. How about that Mayor penis pecania who all of a sudden you know after you like doing the vanishing act in
2000 when Al Gore was ready for his great support and he was gonna be the big Democrat in Dave County and help carry Dave for Al Gore on
Yardy and he went into hiding. He was busy eating the tulipas. Now all of a sudden that he's running for a Senate
Now he's the great outspoken Democrat and the anti-Bush Crusader and Bush did this and
Don Corollion did that then but I'm being by all of a sudden a crap, huh?
Anybody out there at a vote for Mayor penis pecania man for the US Senate you ought to be like
Trotinatoneal, okay?
Brother bacon pork chops
I said it's cute. Oh your favorite pork sausage Jimmy Dean style back bacon mm-hmm. Pee meal bacon. Oh
What no, I get it now. I never heard of called that. Well, that's what they call it. There's so many bunch of people
I'm cannot say Pee meal
I think I like this
He says it's more than a meal
560
560
560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line somebody fax me this time all offense article from the Boston Globe
It's just of all the business tycoons is assembling for their favorite parties convention this week
None will get a warmer per field welcome than the finance personal finance club
That's figured out how to imprison 10 to millions of ordinary Americans with interest charges now that fees worthy of loan sharks
They're profiteering on a growing mountain of death. That's increasingly crucial to meeting expenses and a recovery
That's in quotes marked by stagnant household income
What ought to be called the user-rebusiness has earned its caviar from President Bush's Republican Party the banking insurance and real estate
I'm just have ponied up more than 25 million dollars for Bush this year six times more than in 2000 and
The biggest corporate supporter of all is it was four years ago as a monster called Mbna
The largest of all the independent credit card issuing companies that is now expanding its look at it
Thanks to Bush business worldwide if not retired chairman Charles M. Colley was an original Bush fundraising pioneer and still is one and
Its successes have continued the tradition of creating cash for national policy that President has earned his largest
The latest goodie was a ruling from Bush's Treasury Department preempting all state laws notably in California
That have sought to put a break on some of the most abusive credit card practices a remarkable flip flop where a conservative government supposedly respectful of states rights
The campaign cash is also gushing because the personal finance people know Bush will back another attempt in Congress to make it harder for Americans to
Escape by a bankruptcy the dead are prisons constructed for them
The user-rein industry now has another reason to give Bush money John Kerry's decision to take aim at one of the most abusive of the credit card scams
The sudden jacking up of interest charges on consumers who are making their card payments on time
millions of Americans know too well how this works you misappear on some other bill
It could be a fifty-dollar phone bill and all of a sudden your credit card interest rate source anywhere from 30%
But third man to as much as 48% in the racket
They call this universal default but it amounts to change you in terms of a loan in the middle of a game
Kerry would end this practice you announced last week with a stroke of a regulatory pen
The finance business is also opposed and therefore so is Bush another career proposal that would require full disclosure to families of
The true cost of making only those deceptively small minimum payments to the credit card bosses that they entice people to make
The reason they do this is that they want to trap you in a high interest effort as long as they can and telling you the true cost
Interference with their business strategy
For example on a credit card dead of nine thousand dollars per for the course minimum payments at 15% will keep you paying for
39 years of total cost of 23 grand
The whole mortgage people trapping more and more Americans have modest as well as median means in the same kind of prisons aren't much better
Here legislation is needed and for all those who listen to the Bush propaganda about Kenneth Kerry Center record a domestic version of the smear on his Vietnam service
He's well known as one of housing's most consistent champions
So-called subprime mortgages are an excellent way to help lower income families make most important investment
But they come at a very high cost many housing experts believe they're unnecessary for half their present holders
It's not a minor financial matter over 30 years a subprime could cost an extra four hundred thousand dollars plus on a typical home
Naturally the real estate and finance folks backing Bush want a block here in protected gravy train
Especially they want to protect the mechanism for abuse penalties for early prepayment
The later balloon payments that require still more financing and ridiculous insurance mandates requiring upfront payments no matter how long a mortgage is held
As the census bureau reminded us last week incomes are stagnant three years in when anemic recovery at
43 grand median household income half make more half make less is actually lower than it was in 2000
For the rates tax cuts cover higher costs for everybody else they didn't come close to matching
50% creases and health insurance premiums two dollar gallon gas higher local taxes and higher tuition expenses
This means that for a huge portion of the public debt is how people keep up with the current expenses and the user
Industry is doing its best to make sure that the elusive goal is always just out of reach a top of all the other higher burdens on
Working families credit card and mortgage interest scams have added something like 30 billion dollars
But the burden of just getting by the big shots gathering here will make sure that Bush has no answer
Carey does right Tom Olafant, but I don't confuse the poor people with a fact. I don't get it. I just don't understand it
They don't understand that's why is that it maybe because carry in the Democrats who do such a good job of not explain
Yeah, and I'm not back at that 9-11 they type to be ripping him and going
So to see that thing that I read about the focus groups
That's where it's at they go to these focus groups and the problem with people and focus groups is that they do want to be perceived as nasty because it's a very personal
You know if you want to room one I want oh no
We don't like dirty politics or attack politics and this and the fact of the matter is people love it
That's what they want their salivator for it nobody will say anything like we like sex and violence either but that's the most popular
Of course there you go so this whole approach man
Well, you know kid gloves and we don't want to do too many attack and you know tent Kennedy and how are Dean were over the top and
Then they have to bring out Julie Berman to try to pass it very with his name be pan be approached and I know
Tom what's his name? What is his name?
All the fun no from the home home land security Tom Ridge. Well, I always need to forget
Yeah, and he would never do that. I mean Julie Berman the Democrats need to like put him somewhere like summer camp would be good
I'm sorry no get rid of it. I'm gonna trade the lock him up somewhere man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line tomorrow is the primary day
August 31 here. Can you feel the excitement?
Yeah, your doitzer Betty Castor, huh?
Is it Mayor penis, Pakenia?
What a thought what a disgusting rotate speaking of disgusting join the Crow today
Wait till they get away for him
5 to 7 at the mega liquor store located at 146 57 Southwest 56 Street, Miami
Stopped to spin the QM wheel for some really crappy low budget embarrassing prizes. That's with a Crow today at mega liquor store on
147th Avenue Miller Drive is matter of fact they probably figure out that when you see those prizes
You'll start boozing at a big time the good for business
I'm telling you WQ a.m. Hello
Okay, that's here's the last one Q a.m. Hello. Yeah, I got a highly classified fire report sounds like what do you do me?
I have some news that's hard to press is somebody else in some other chronic. Yeah, it hasn't even been registered in the news
I'm gonna give it to you direct
Yeah, this is the exact route of the hurricane wanted it land are you ready? Uh-huh rectum 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Had something to do with the Brian and deaf. I don't know what that's all about and
Even though they knew each other Q a.m. Hello
Hey, how's it going pretty good?
Like to know your take on
Black Catholics
How many are there?
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 60 on the big dump on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line now one call
We're doing screenless here. We're not one call. This is the first time this has happened in the like a huh?
It'll long time a very long time. I can't it's been a a coons age
Since the last time that I can think that this has happened on a screenless we're just a rolling along here singing a song
I guess they're all I had publics at home people there you go
Getting this quick there by an at masking tape and there are viscreen and they've got plywood and the two by fours
All of that stuff where they do with the two by four. What do you do with one of those?
Yeah, especially if you're Todd Dreck. Oh there they go all of a sudden
I guess they were just sitting back hanging on Tom Olofans words there is what it was or maybe they cut him confused
And Mary Elephant that must have been that's easy. They looked the same. Yeah, no she's more like the show Griffin Q.A. Am hello
Neil, please take George off the airman W. M. A. M. A. We did today Q. Am hello
I'll go Neil. Yes, sir. Well Neil you were right once again, and I am gonna survive by what it is you're right about and what is that?
This morning I walked into a crispy cream just to try out the donuts and the coffee
They pulled them right off the rack as they were coming out freshly made and it was the most
Faced the same I've ever stuck in my mouth. Oh, bad. That's not what I'm hearing
W. M. Hello, Brian Northcross has the Hurray can make some go
W. M. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir. I used to call you a long time ago. Call me what?
And you know it was boring man is still boring. Yeah, okay great W. M. Hello. I
Guess he's talking about his calls. Yes, sir
Yeah, I'm about to have you back home. Thanks for boring. You're right
I'm sure do you?
Yeah, not for sure. Good. That's the idea. I'm glad you're back five days a week and George has done a wonderful job this summer
He did a dang good job. It's right away. Greg Reed says
He's done a one read is the empty Christ who don't appreciate nothing from nobody. That's probably true
I don't know him but I think George did a 180 this summer and
Had a very good head for a year or two also
Couple double and a few queries to okay. Thanks, pal. He George appreciates it. Let's see a news flash
At New York's Kennedy Airport today individual leader discovered to be a teacher from Queens was arrested trying to board a fly ball possession of a ruler a protractor a set square a slide ruler to calculate her
Oh, this is really a clever. Oh, this is so sad. Manny and Miami this joke is older than the fuzzles grandpa. Okay. Oh, God
It's over to me back in town. Oh
Yeah, you notice I fact that right to you when we got it
I
Was just thinking that about how great it is to be able to see these facts is that you screen out to my hands see the good stuff
When you shop for quality footwear great selection professional service
Where else would you go besides Brandy's and popular weeks you'd have to be crazy to shop any bit of place else because it brandies
It's an unbeatable combination the biggest election to men's women's name brand shoes the best service and the best prices in town
Period top quality names like rock port flour shine
S a S spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more with a humongous election I guarantee I'll bet you grace life on it
Whatever you're looking for is in stock right now to slap on your feet
Brandies is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 12 90 North Federal
Highway in Palm, but a beach is always worth the trip no matter where you are and right now all this week at
Brandies. It's a great time to buy S a S all-grade men's and women's S a shoes 25% off
So be sure and give them a store this week or visit them on the web at brandy shoes dot com
to your med tilt
Want to do a while! Why not!
A American girl's, an American guy who only listens to the message from the
Uber, right, will have their tables off line.
As the troops come home dead, they find a comfort of denial, hiding under the bed.
I never served in armoured, I'm too afraid to fight, so I sit right here near the DB
Far from liberalized under the covers you discover.
I'm a big sister, who would prepare to have some mother do the fighting for me.
Now this country I love is occupying Iraq, and all the suckers like me, whose necks are
red in the back have our tongues all placed firmly in bushels big brown eyes.
The big mouth towers of the world who gladly follow fly.
Hey, I'm from Sanctua, I'm afraid to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch
the be and shake my fist and my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
I can idiotic pseudo patriotic dumb **** in my view of the full fight world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior, who knows better than you.
You're coming.
I'm an inbred jerk, who parrots anything they say.
Don't have a readerist search, it's so much easier this way.
To watch TV or look at pictures.
In USA today with my finger up my ass as I tickled my brain and I'm going south to
afraid to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch the be and shake my fist.
I can fool on my foot, you proudly show the swatts of the cut that dude on my nuts.
The soddies are our best friends in the world, not those Iraqis or Jews.
Oh, yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior, who knows better than you.
I'm making a good news by the way, that is really a spine of Pentagon.
I started that with it.
103 at 560.
What do you expect in America where you deal with a bunch of people, especially in this part of the neck of the woods?
People, uh, mona mona remember you talked about one day just mentioned passing.
And all of a sudden the phone rang off the hook and George was like psychotic.
The 8 million phone calls about mona mona mona mona that's what turns America on man.
It's kaka's silliness foolishness crap.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh man, we have a 99 share of you to claim that.
In fact, maybe tomorrow we'll play four hours probably get 110 shares.
I'll say that so early.
Florida move on just email this.
It says your Florida move on member tomorrow August 31st.
Don't just vote and Florida's primary election.
Help make sure that all the votes count.
In 2000 irregularities plague the general election.
Everything from voters being in today to being wrongfully turned away.
You can help by reporting on your experience and taking note of any irregularities you see here.
And it's got like a link to a click on the report.
Florida ACLU people for the American way of the advancement project LCC voter projection project protection.
And the American Federation of State and County municipal employees are working together to make sure that all eligible voters can vote.
That their votes are counted.
But if they can't be everywhere, especially in the primary.
Florida is being watched.
Not just because it's expected to be a close race in the November, but because there's been a history of serious voter disenfranchisement and it continues today.
Just a few weeks ago, Bob Herbert from the New York Times wrote members of the about members of the Florida state police.
Remember I read that on the year?
New York Times?
Yes.
An agency that reports to fat ass governor, Jeff Bush interrogating and intimidating elderly black voters while ostensibly part of a fraud investigation when people being selected at a random.
Several of those targeted were members of the Orlando League of voters, group bets, registered record numbers of African Americans to vote.
Others targeted were first time voters brought up by organized community efforts.
The result of the so-called investigation was a chilling effect with volunteers afraid to take part in and get out the vote efforts.
And voters afraid of having contact with organizers.
There's a lot riding out the upcoming elections in Florida.
You can help make sure they're fair.
So this Tuesday tomorrow, keep your eyes and your ears and even your rectum open.
And if you see anything questionable, take a moment to report here.
It's got a link, okay?
So go to moveon.org.
And when it's out, check it out.
Because you know there's going to be plenty of crap going on.
Oh, no.
Not in Florida.
Not what our fat ass governor just happens to be the brother of the president of President Day and calls him a three in the morning saying, don't worry to fix this in you one.
Stuff like that.
And at Theresa LaPore, how come she isn't in jail up there with her butterflies?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 16.
How come she's still working?
You people in Palm Beach, man.
You need some serious help.
And if you write it, Pat, you can.
And again, huh?
No, seriously, they're going to be drawn to that connected arrow.
They're going to connect it to Pat W. Cannon's rectum.
What they're going to do.
That's what I heard.
Silly old lunatics up in Palm Beach County.
Oh.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, buddy.
You'll meet your home at Fort Pai radio.
Hey, Neil, a real favor.
I hope that Jeff is appointed a couple of judges in Rower County.
One is ale men.
And another one is I don't know who and they're up for, I guess, whenever they go to the judges, they're up against some other people.
I'd like for you to get out their names if you don't mind.
And let's try to get them out.
Where am I going to get that?
I guess I'll have to get the look in the newspaper.
How do I know?
Somebody will call.
Say, somebody will call.
Get out of here.
Judges.
Fine.
Unless they don't worry about the courts and about the judges, when we have nine fashions on the Supreme Court, when we get rid of those couple of pain in the ass liberals that are left on there, then we'll be okay.
Then we'll be safe.
Right.
And then rent, quist, and then retire.
And you know, we'll be rich.
We'll be any more terrorists.
Exactly.
And the clearance Thomas can talk all he likes, so I've a lot of time.
Like George Olsson, some good stuff.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I got my primary FNT ballot last week.
I am very, very suspicious of it.
The reason why is that that's a friend of mine who have northed to me, you know, fax their copy of the bell.
It has their voter ID and name and everything on the board.
Yeah, vote on that one and get your own and then you can vote twice.
Okay, but you got all mighty.
I thought the Olympus was over, okay.
Yeah, I saw some closing.
Well, I mean, okay.
So these people ought to find something else to do now.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, can I please?
What is it?
Can I put it in here?
But it's speaking.
Neil, what's happening, pal?
How you doing?
All right.
I got a little bit of a fiery point here.
Okay.
Pre-voting week or a couple weeks ahead.
Your friend Marion Olfons is at the Hooters in Pepper Pines lobbying for votes.
Yeah.
I just thought he liked it on that.
Okay.
Well, listen, big boobs all hang out at Hooters.
What do you expect?
She's at the Hooters in Pepper Pines.
Maybe she wants to make a big splash.
She never know.
Not as big as Troll Griffin, but you know.
Well, nobody's that big.
Nobody is.
That even gets right.
She is just enormous.
Can you imagine?
Who wouldn't fit in the hall then?
When a woman has a BMN, the Earth's.
Oh, she is.
Well, isn't she in California?
No, why don't they have it so many quakes?
God almighty, she must weigh at least 600 pounds as fat, disgusting, phony-ass bitch.
And by the way, we like Joe Costello, okay, Bo?
And don't come back in his building ever again.
That's what Greg said.
So anyway, I tell you what Todd Drex said about Greg Reed this morning with...
I think it was scandalous.
I think there's a suit involved there myself.
In fact, Greg was wearing it to paste the old grey suit when he came in today.
I thought it was a new suit.
Anytime he comes in there, which you notice he comes in from about 30 seconds and runs away
because he knows that I'm on the year and he won't be able to come in here.
I'll tell him what a moron he is.
You know, all I can do is say about his haircut or his suit because he has nothing else going there.
Although we just have that short, baggy haircut.
Right now, for a limited time only, you can save more than ever before on top selling mattresses from Dala mattress.
It's called 1-800-MACRUS today.
If we're extra discounts above and beyond, they're already every day low-factory direct prices.
Plus, now you get an extra 10% off on service, perfect sleeper Magnolia.
Combine these savings with the Dala mattress award winning service.
They're ranked number one or overall customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 VITER business bureau local torts of excellent reward.
You can't beat him with a stick.
And of course, don't forget about the runtime delivery policy that lets you pick the two-hour window that you want your mattress delivered
and you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years.
If you have a college student need a vetting pickup that phone right now called 1-800-MACRUS,
you can get yourself same day delivery to all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine.
From Candlestore, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dala mattress deliver the finest vetting around anywhere.
I'll look smart folks if QAmen some horn to Swift either have called 1-800-MACRUS.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you can do.
Just sit there on your fat smelly ass and make that call right now 1-800-MACRUS or check them on the web at mattress.com.
1-800-MATTRES.
1-800-MACRUS.
1-800-MACRUS.
1-800-MACRUS.
On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
You will you sit inside your foot boy.
A quickie of can you do this? I want to stroke your legs and stick your crack with my greasy nose.
I have no luck. You better slow fist lift now I'm pulling up my thigh for the season.
Yeah, I've got my hopes of family bliss. Here's well open my eyes for no apparent reason.
I've got bustle of the news. There's a way see in my trailer and then I find you no longer here.
You got this day high and high, just a failure and over the hearts of all the sports queens.
I know what the fitness is. Now you've got the job. It's your choice I've walked in by now.
On the half of the size. Back to lights for more radio.
Now we only shacks once we can give you.
Welcome.
150-560 WQM. We got Jim Madness, a mad dog, two o'clock.
Four o'clock you got Mohawar David and what could be I don't know.
See, you know what somebody knows? Oh yeah, somebody knows.
And they could tell me and I could say in confidence don't just agree the word of this.
And that would mean everybody in the building knows who's when hangs coming back.
Because you'll notice the tip off to me is those rejoins that we have or whatever they are.
Right. That's a how it's during Neil and mad dog in the hammer.
Right. The hammer. Now he's mold a hammer.
I mean, people like to attack him with a hammer. The hammer. Right.
And he has to try to, you know, dig his claws into certain people around here as you should probably know.
In fact, I think that's a clause in his contract. But anyway, he may be going by by.
We'll find out when's he's going to be a big day around here.
Now do you think there's going to be like some kind of an announcement?
Oh, I know where we'll find out. Very jackass tomorrow. That's right.
Right. You wonder what Greg is thinking. Look, Greg is saying.
Just read the very jackass column in a hero. That's where you'll find out.
The internal memos. That's where it puts the words in Barry's mouth.
Kind of like a ventriloquist or whatever. 560-560-560-0505
560 on a AT&T.
Right. That's a wireless line.
Poor Duff, man. If you're going to see, well, you've seen it.
Yeah. If the audience could have seen that scene with him sitting there and he's got 87 different yellow dumb buttons on there.
And he's got the headsets on. He's listening to the Sure Stern show and Robin says this and somebody laughs.
Oh, no, no. What's that bit we got? Where the, uh, do we have it?
It's actually a George open.
No, I know that. I don't know if it's in there yet, but it's not. It's in mind where you are so slowed on here.
You got the, oh, God almighty. What is that called?
Georgia Howard, Georgia's Howard Stern open.
It is? I don't see it. There's Feral.
It's not even in here. Damn it, Josh. Yeah, nice going, Josh.
Well, Josh is too busy. Oh, he's busy. All right.
He went something. WQA, I'm hello.
No. Yes, sir. How are you, sir?
Sensational. You think Pompino Park had afforded her own generator.
That's all I got.
WQA, I'm hello.
Be here, God. Yes, sir.
It's a voice in the past. It's bad. Evan.
Hey, how are you doing?
Outstanding. How are you? I'm doing good.
I came back to visit my parents for a weekend.
Oh, I'm sorry. I was supposed to come out too long, Evan.
Oh, trust me. I'm on my way back to the airport right now.
I was so thrilled to get out of here six years ago and I tread her every second coming back.
So, so once the other part of it was coming back and listening to you
and seeing how much of the stuff pool hasn't changed.
Yeah, it's the same piece of crap, same subject thing.
It's so weird. And you know, I'm listening to the show's paradise this morning.
And the colors have been changed.
No. No, because they haven't found any material.
They've got a search party out there. They're looking. But they still haven't found it yet.
Yeah, they still hate you. They still hate George.
They hear everything. That's right. They're still listening.
So, I just wanted to call and say hello and tell you how you have, regardless of some still around, but I'm not very close.
Well, have a great life, Evan.
50 charge. See ya.
Hi.
There's stuff in the number now.
Did you hear that? That's dirt in the pan.
What if you...
I know you're that fun cutmith in a show.
I say get rid of a minimalism and go back to a nice safe too.
Be time.
You're going to lose to the dolphins.
Who needs a doubt?
Who?
Why, we're going to do so well now.
Yeah, I might even decide to pay Boka.
Everybody see my pants?
Oh, so my pants!
Well, what did he do that for?
He didn't like what I called him.
And what was that?
Three goals.
Oh.
I didn't flatter on your shoe, honey.
Give me past my pants.
I didn't even like we as good years.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
I was bad.
Wait a minute.
No!
No, no, no!
Wait a minute.
I think this fine show was off now.
What do we do?
I don't know.
Is George on today?
I think it's a pregnant cause.
It's a...
Maybe Robin has something on.
Guys, let's just relax.
Oh, why don't you...
I love it.
In fact, that's the way you have the signature of Sounds on QAM.
Like that.
And muff is in the background making all of those noises.
It's a beautiful thing.
Only you have to really see it.
Small toys showing an airplane flying into the World Trade Center were packed inside some more than 14,000 bags of candy.
Since the small groceries around the country before being recalled.
Do you see this story?
Yeah, yeah.
Licy Corporation, the whole sailor that distributed the candy said Friday that the toys were purchased in bulk from a Miami-based import company.
What a shock.
The toys came in an assortment purchased sight unseen from Ellen and Import in Miami.
And included the toys depicting the 9-11-2000-month attack on the Twin Powers.
Whistles another small toy said,
Luis Padrn, Lisi's national sales manager, Padrn.
See, El Padrn.
The invoice said the toy was a plastic swing set.
I hate to blame the importer.
He probably didn't know what he was getting.
He brings them in 40-foot containers,
but whoever made it to exactly what they were making,
Padrn said,
Neil Padrino.
Padrn said,
Lisi did not notice the small plastic figurines until two people complained,
but there's no mistaking what the toys represent at the bottom of each of the end prize,
the product number 9011.
When we found out what happened, we called them immediately said,
Padrn, who said the toys made in China.
Do not reflect his company's view.
I was offended by them.
How do you like those Chinaman, huh?
What did they do this time?
I don't know.
Something senseless or dogs.
Although they did when they were rowing thing, I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that I had been told about four and a half minutes of the Olympics much too much.
It's about right now.
They can call anything a sport, you know?
Oh, yeah, it's a sport.
And I still say they already got the Gimpo Olympics.
Why did they have like wheels here?
They got the Gagel Olympics.
So why did they have the whole event in the first place?
Just so they could go back and Athens again and do Greek.
Is that it?
How much did they want to go?
How much did they want to go?
Did you see the closing ceremonies?
When they had that giant joint?
No, I did not.
Yeah, that was great.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that they were excited to see a giant joint.
Big fatty.
Uh huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
So Evan also agrees with me.
You come back here very briefly.
You know, it's different changes.
Callers change.
These are the same calls we had how many years ago?
About three months.
Same people.
Richard.
Yeah, you were boring then.
I called it anew.
You're boring now.
And the George Sox in your great.
You're so you suck at George.
Same mouth, intense, miserable, no good.
But hey, it's great.
The money's good.
The money's great.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Well, greetings and welcome back.
You've been missed.
The witness to you.
And George, you're a hell of a job.
You're a hell of a job.
This would be ultimate summer for George and he gets no appreciation from Greg who ought to come in here and give him a full mouth kiss.
I don't care what the functional is literally to call and harass and say to hell with them.
We love him.
We love it.
That's what it's all about.
Oh, man, that's what makes it entertaining.
He's got for second toilet.
Well, I just wanted to make one point because I'm getting real tired of this election.
I was afraid it was going to happen when Kerry nailed down the knock nomination too early.
I'm tired of hearing all these veterans stop their chest about whether Kerry faked his-
Yeah, but here's the point.
Here's what you're missing and that is Kerry is getting the stuff to write in.
Well, why is he responding the way he is instead of attacking AWOL Bush and the draft dodging chainy?
Why isn't he talking about the fact that all he's tried to do is change the subject and talking about the real record of the war in Iraq and all the dead people and the crappy state of the economy and all the screwing over the veterans and everybody in the middle class?
Why isn't he talking about those things instead of getting sucked in who can't espouse match all of that crap?
I think our philosophy should be listed.
I won't tell the truth about you if you don't lie about me.
Well, isn't that great?
Yeah, I mean-
We don't need a wimp like John Kerry.
We need somebody with some balls, man.
There you go.
That's the guy we need.
You know how fast-
You notice how fast they deep-six the him.
If we just hang on for four years, but you know-
Are you on your-
Are my four more years of this?
No, no, we got here in the bush.
Absolutely.
I would get-
For four years, you must be dreaming, man.
I wouldn't care if Gilbert was running, I'd say, from another zero to four.
How did you mention that? I'm writing the man.
But by the way, you know, maybe someone should take note of the fact that he was Reagan and shut down all his VA hospitals.
Right.
So these speedboat guys could have gotten the mental help they need.
So it would be messing with our elections.
There you go.
Well, you know something?
What?
I blame the Democratic Party.
I've been saying that for a long time.
The Republicans, we know they're a bunch of Nazi bastards.
And we know what it's all about.
The Democrats, it's right there for the taken and they always find a way to fumble the ball, man.
We need to stop worrying about pissing people off and go and take it to the streets.
They're like, mark Higgs, they always find a way to fumble the ball.
Have a great day, Pellie.
You can-
I can pick on Higgie.
Who's the one we got?
What's the one with Paul and Ron?
Mark Higgs.
No, not Mark Higgs.
Followed by ball.
Sammy Smith.
Sammy Smith.
Very good.
George gets a sports one.
Oh, no.
Oh, that's all about the Olympic stuff, you know.
I got the books.
Damn it.
Holy.
Holy moly.
Hey.
Hey.
Today
Shemmy
Shriff
Far more
Far away
We live that bum
I can't believe what happened yesterday
Yesterday
The play of dancing
So far away
Thanks to
Shemmy now there is no hell
Oh yes, the day is so cool
You leave
Why you
Shemmy
Go away
Shemmy
Shemmy now I love you crying
So shabby
Yes
By the way, a few of them will make announcements
We will be having the Dolphin fan suicide meetings
It will be a group deal
Oh yeah, I will bring the gas
A group group
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6
You don't forget, join the crew, warring crew marty
Maybe the expatriol expo
What? He is an expo man
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
You can't be an expo
It's day
Oh, a plan to tell
It's a group at 5, 6, 7, 0, WQM
Number one with four bullets
She's already going away now
Looks like it's like a rose guy
Smells like a body roll balls
Barbara Bush has body bells
And I will never rise up now
It happened when she realized
She raised more women of clouds
Barbara Bush has body bells
And I
She raised more women of clouds
And she said it's me
Oh, then crab me
And she raised more boys
And she said it's me
She's a trowel chick
And she's a great villain
And she said it's me
What's so important
What's so important
What's so important
What's so important
What's so important
What's so important
What's so important
She doesn't mean she's a fellow
Where isop
She has been a star
At night
Where she has been a star
Welcome to music
Where she has been a star
And smells the light of night and storm
It's not a big cat
My favorite sweet apple
So useful night
I'm a sad baby
My dear, open eyes
All right
Bye bye, tell me
Tell me my night
Bye bye, my
Bye bye, tell me
Tell me my night
Bye bye, my
Now you're the boy, now the fake in heaven
That's the best and the best
We are the only people
No one around here, from the mist
You get out of my business and do do
Out of my company, you're bored of me
Out of my life
Bye bye, tell me
Tell me my night
Bye bye, my
Bye bye, tell me
Tell me my night
Bye bye, my
Bye bye, my
Bye bye, my
I couldn't have just a little bonus for there
20, 6-till-2-5, 60-WQ-Mandog-2
5, 6-7-0-5, 60, who was that?
Home Invader, I don't know
No, what was that all about?
Obviously he brought somebody in to meet you
Miguel Obrador, right?
And some guy marches in here, and like I open a mic and I start to say something
And they march right now, back out
Obviously wanted to catch you during a break to introduce you to somebody, maybe somebody knew here
Somebody that works here?
I don't know
Maybe like another new sales nerd?
Did I come in today, we had Adam was in here?
Sure, and we had Fratt Boy
Todd, I'd reckon unfortunately much too long, more than 30 seconds is much too long
Got third man
And we didn't have no screen, didn't know Lulu
Now you notice how usually when I come back for a, usually leads the parade
She usually leads a whole parade in the middle
I mean, because of the fact that I refused to succumb to her advances
She's deductive advances over the phone
She's playing hard to get I guess
Oh brother
Stay away bitch, can't stomach you
Five seconds, I can just give the number WQM Hello
QAM
Not there, WQM Hello
Hello
Yes sir, yes I am
I was a comment about the guy that made the statement about Fratt Kaplix
Yeah good
WQM Hello
Yeah, yes sir
Hey, how's it going?
All right
Hey, how the phone hangs up after you like the system is ringing
Listen, three little notes
One, I don't know if you've seen a sample ballot for a day but we're already in trouble
Because the commission is one of like
What's the sign box?
Is this any Fox doing a voice?
No, it's a draw
Oh, anyway, listen to my sign box in Coherent
Well, listen, they got two proposals up for the council commission, right?
Yeah
What is to multiply their salaries?
Yeah
Our your phone is making farting sounds, we can't keep it on here
What, we can't keep...look
Oh, it's bad enough if we make a farting sounds but when you're phone
Even like trying to make a farting sounds at that point the entire FCC will be done on your ass in no time
WQM Hello
Yes, I like to bid $12 on most hair piece on the QAM website
Sold, okay, sold American
Sorry, it's a 20
We ought to auction that thing off, you know
And that charity is a whole bunch of charity
For most favorite charity, right?
His least favorite piece for our most favorite charity
That sounds like a winner to me, it's in the bag
WQM Hello
QAM
That could have been the best call of this hour except for Evan
WQM Hello
Hi, I'm Neil
Yes, sir
For a lunch hour I just want to say, sit on
WQM Hello
How you doing?
Good
You want to get online?
You're online
Hello
Yes, sir, speak to me
I'm still doing good
Just like eight seconds ago doing great
How you doing?
I'm doing great
Good, I want to talk about commission District 7
Yes
Every swar is what do you think about that?
He, in fact, it's funny as you mentioned that because he came knocking on my door at 2 o'clock this morning
And his bathroom I thought it was all unusual because I live in Broward
5607, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T
It's like I said, he comes back, it's the same old graph
I can't let the Steve Clark to make a comeback
That'll be great
So what do you think about it?
Just pop him up in a chair with a bottle in his hand, it'll be fantastic, old Stevie Clark
WQM Hello
How about that Maurice Faray too? WQM Hello
Hello, I agree with the rest of the call, as George is a fabulous
Well, that's great, WQM Hello
Bodequois Murphy, Marlena Lennon
WQM Hello
Puerto Rican
Neil
Yes, sir
I want George Rodriguez-Bubbleball
WQM Hello
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
The comment about the sports broadcasting radio system covering up
The comment about the sports casting radio system covering up
Yes, the last week was about Tuesday
Yeah
Yeah, that comment was completely ridiculous
What comment are you talking about?
What comment? What are you talking about?
What language are you spicking?
It's not incredible
I know, I agree, I think it's absolutely
Hey, great, great
WQM, see the good stuff coming, you need to get yours
No, man, I was on line
What is it?
Neil, what?
We're waiting, we're waiting, man
Oh, sorry, buddy, go, buddy, go, buddy, go, is it?
Yeah, WQM Hello
Hello, Neil
Yes
Yeah, we see Mark with a little shoe
WQM Hello
Hey, Neil
Yes
Listen, what do you think about our Alex Finnelli's center run?
He's an idiot, he's an imbecile, he's a phony man, he's a phony, he's a 42-and-a-half dollar bill
What do I think about his center run?
I think about a run for the hills
The same guy that the stabbed Al Gore in a back in 2000 with his support
All we need is another, how many votes to do it?
That's all, then they couldn't have stole on the election from Gore
But instead, all of a sudden he went into hiding
And now he's missed a big anti-bush and bushes this
And boy, and he's missed a big Democrat
Because all he cares about is himself, okay?
I hope that somebody knocks one man to get it right off his shoulder, alright?
Not to him
Yeah, that's it
One man to get it
We haven't played that in a long time, you know we haven't
The parrot on his shoulder
And what a sad, secure one
Might be making some money
Fragile
Who's with one man to get it?
We got off the bandwagon, is that what you're saying?
One man to get it
I don't know unless they pay it
Who's with one man to get it?
Probably in the most part of the year, poor you know
I hope you'll go to church
Probably Schmier and a figure in the world
But I can't last nor did you
That's not what Jim Skyward or man is
It is
We wish you Jim, back in the day, you know
I'll gladly tell you some more
When you had some material
Because I'm one man to get it
Hey Crabber
The news with one man to get it
Not you keep it up
My name is Juan Mandeera
Juan Mandeera
The news with one man to get it
Look at this, here's the coverage pattern somebody just texted me for bugs 103.1
This is bad news man
Take a look at that
Wow
It shows it covers all the way up the vero
And Fort Pierce and Portean loosely
And Jupiter and West Palm and Uranus and Wellington
And Bucarraton
And Coral Oral Springs and Fort Lauderdale and even a Hollywood
103.1 to Buzz
That has Howard Stern clear in the mostly uncensored early in the morning
That's bad news for us Greg
You are listening to me evil, evil, ruckus
And everybody
Asefer and body
All the time
Church that's the way of life
In Florida
Church for his obrithrains and Iver
In our skull
Ted Cruz
No, we can't even get everybody
Asefer and body all the time
Right in the tolerance and fear
I'm listening
It's where it's a fresh eye
O'er the gate
And they don't want to hear
You've got a fair attitude
Like Sour
When I'm a shaggy
They threaten us like you
To the fall
The tomb of Yellowpeace
They're the thread-lock
Of a tower
I throw in ghosts and someone calls you
At a ghost
Everybody
Asefer and body all the time
No, I'm lying that you can't be dood
Stopping in the freezes walking
From Capitol
14, go to it, five, six
We've got the mad dog coming up at two o'clock
I see it at bullpen
My good friend Ken Maldon's in there
And Russ and Robert
And what's his name?
Curtis
And I'm sure it'll be moaning all of the stuff that's going on
Do you think?
That's what I think
Who are you talking to?
Alive in Josh's message
Josh?
Or Josh Curtis?
I figured I would have seen him by now
But I thought I'd give him an important message about things
About seeing that too
Four years ago, the Seattle Times
Now I had this on a website a few days ago
But haven't only been on last Thursday
I think because you probably didn't read this Friday
Not on the year, I didn't
On the year?
No
Seattle Times endorses Kerry
They endorsed Bush last time
Isn't that great?
Right
I read it
I'll be here
Since four years ago this page endorsed George W. Bush
For President, we cannot do so again
Because of an ill-conceived war in its aftermath
Undisciplined spending
A shrinkage of constitutional rights
And an intrusive social agenda
The Bush presidency is not what we had in mind
Our endorsement of John Kerry is not without reservations
But he is head and shoulders about the incumbent
The first issue is the war
When the Bush administration began beating the drums for war on a rack
This page said repeatedly that he had not justified it
When war came this page closed ranks wanting to support our troops
And give the president the benefit of the doubt
The troops deserved it
And hindsight their commander achieved it not
The first priority for new president must be the end of military occupation of Iraq
This will be no easy task
But Kerry is more likely to do it and with some understanding of Middle Eastern realities than his Bush
The election of Kerry would sweep away neo-conservative war intellectuals who drive policy at the White House in Pentagon
It would end the backdoor draft of American reservists than the use of American soldiers as imperial police
It would also provide a chance to repair America's overseas relationships
Both with governments and people especially in the world of Islam
A less belligerent more intelligent foreign policy should cause less anger to be directed at the U.S.
A political change in the law of Americans to examine the powers they have given the federal government under the Patriot Act
And the powers the president has claimed by executive order
This page had high hopes for President Bush regarding taxing and spending
We endorsed his cut in income tax and expecting that it would help business and discipline new public spending
In the end there was no discipline in it
In control of the Senate the House and the presidency for the first time in half a century
The Republicans have had a celebration of spending
Kerry has made many promises and might spend as much as Bush have given a Congress under control of the Democrats
He is more likely to get a divided government which may be a good thing
Bush was also supposed to be the candidate who understood business
In some ways he has but he is often too often to be the candidate of big business only
He has sided with pharmaceutical companies against drug imports from Canada
And our own industry the Bush appointees on the FCC have pushed to relax restrictions on how many TV stations, radio stations and newspapers
One company may own in an industry that is the steward of the public's right to speak
This is a threat to democracy itself and Kerry has stood up against it
Bush talked like the candidate to free trade of policy in the North Pacific Northwest relies upon
He turned protectionist on steel and Canadian lumber
Admittedly Kerry's campaign rhetoric has even worse on trade but for the previous 20 years
Kerry had a strong record in supportive trade and we've learned that the best guide of what politicians do is what they've done in the past
Not what they say
On some matters we always had to hold our noses to endure Bush to endorse Bush
We noted four years ago that he was too willing to toss aside wild nature
And to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge we still disagree
Unclean air forced and fish we generally side with Kerry
We also agree with Senator Kerry that social security should not offer private accounts
Four years ago we stated our profound disagreement with Bush on abortion
And then in one of his first acts as president he moved to reinstate a ban on federal money
For organizations that provide information about abortions overseas
We disagree also with Bush's ban on federal money for research using any two lines of stem cells
The reason these positions of presidential blending of politics and religion that is wrong for the government of a diverse republic
Are largest out about Kerry's idea that the federal that may be stabilized and dozens of new programs added merely by raising taxes on the top two percent of Americans
Class warfare is a false promise and we hope he forgets it
Certainly the man now at office forgot some of the things he said so fetchingly four years ago
Fetchingly
Fetch, I don't think he could, I don't think he could find it, his dog might
So there are the Seattle Times endorses Kerry like they said they apologize for their bad mistake they made four years ago
And a lot of you auto apologize to especially you idiots that continue with his nader crap
What is that all about?
Insanity, how stupid you have to be, how stupid it's the old asses
We got the asses with Bush and the neocons and the Nazis
Now we got the stupid and stubborn crowd
The principle of the thing, the principle of the thing
The principle of putting these Nazis in there for another four years for a doddering old fool
Those who think that this is going to be hard, am I just going to be paid?
Oh God, yes, Sunday, why are you afraid of democracy?
Why are you Democrats afraid of democracy?
He's not just like Ralph Nader and Robert Gryper, wait
Let me try this way
Yeah
Oh man
I'd rather have you write in Pat Buchanan, how do you like that like Rick Riley would?
Yeah, he probably is
Oh, what's that Rick and Sajjo coming on?
In the afternoon?
Right up to the blow out, hey
Oh is that it?
I'm not messing with a hopper, I'm going to tell you that I hear he's coming back Wednesday
That's the popular scuddle butt
But that's the rumor
That's the rumor that Troy Stradford is peddling around the building
But then again we like Troy's a good guy
Well number 23 from the office, he never fumbled a ball, that's because they never give it to him
And probably a pretty good idea
Oh and speaking of the dolphins, is it going to be a bad see-oh man?
That's why there are so serally and squirrely, man
It's going to be bad
If he wants that, he'll make a big move right now
To play off again early throughout of a wild card
They got a whole month to go, but the dolphins, man, it's going to be bad
Bad, bad, bad
I'm thinking six and ten myself
That's what I'm thinking
And how they're going to win that six with Jay Fiedler and AJ Feeley Goodie
And Dave want to be, that's pathetic, man
They don't have a coach, they don't have a quarterback, they don't have a running back
I wouldn't have, they're Dino Mike
They got them colors
Maybe Jay J, okay?
And actually, me Johnson, Jay J Walker would be good
Dino Mike
Anyway, am I rambling now?
That's because it's almost two o'clock hour
Even though we started at 10, we'll be doing all week long
Because the stern's on his 85th vacation this month
It went by okay, you know?
Better you than me
No, when I want you to say that they want you back, man
Yeah, yeah
Who's that?
Who's that?
Like, what the, all these goofballs, all these heavy breathing idiots out there
They couldn't get laid in the horror house
All these people are from losing it
I think a lot of the people that listen to us, they were in losing it
I know John Sockwell was in it, what a shame
Emerald coach, South Florida's best Asian buffet is proud to announce the arrival of CM Fest
Why? It's called, Shrimp Fest, okay?
He may not be here today, jox, we've got to do some work
CM, his shrimp is here
Come in on the weekends, enjoy grilled CM, CM, scampy
And why do they have that in here twice?
CM, I guess to make him work harder, CM, scampy, cocktail, CM, and peel it, CM
Emerald coach is no ordinary Asian buffet, the service is outstanding
You'll never leave out an empty stomach, I guarantee you that you'll be full of the, uh, public
You can start off a fantastic feast with six different soups
And then sample dozens of delicious on-trace, including New York Strip-made Order Thirsty Sizzling Asian grill
They're brand new, whoon on fish
They've got hand-car primer waiting on you
They're new tie specialties too
And don't forget, one of the fine things about Emerald coaches
You'll never walk out of there with an MSD headache
Because they don't use any MSD, no cornstarch, no crap, they cook only all their good stuff
With cholesterol free oils too
The buffet at the Emerald coach features a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup
And their brand new sushi bar, to even Greg would enjoy that
And because you deserve it, Emerald coach has a full dessert station too featuring belled gen waffles
Did I mention about the chocolate banana waffle I had last week?
I think you did
Oh my god, that was just obscene
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings
And fresh fruit to perfect ending to a gigantic feast at the Emerald coach
Now with three locations for you, they're in Pemberpine, Sonny Isles, and in sunrise
So take the entire family or book your next business luncheon right now
Take out and delivery available too
They're voted number one, numero uno by Zagat restaurant reviews
And by hysterical WSVN news, the South Florida's best Asian buffet
For info, directions call 954-5723822
954-5723822, the unbeatable Emerald coach, Chinese buffet
You are listening to Neil Rodgers' Fits, Glimpidly
On the flight to Canada
You may be
The Banana Republic baby, only in Miami
They raise the terror level high
And I'm afraid I'm going to die, I'm worried
Not happy
They say, how kid has a chance
And I think I just beat my pants, I'm worried
I'm not happy for
I'm worried, not happy now
I'm worried
I'm worried
Not happy
I'm worried, not happy
I like the stores and clothes, the drapes
I bought a hundred rules of duct tape, I'm worried
They're so murky
And not happy
They have thick changes from orange to red
I'll go and hide under my bed
I'm worried
Oh, we're fine
Not happy, look at me, I'm not happy
I'm worried
Don't get angry, but not happy
I'm worried
I'll tell you what, if you're a lot longer, if you're a lot longer
He'll have the inside scoop on what Greg is thinking
Here's the fact, as you're right, you'll get the heart of the hurricane
Knowing that I always thought it was such a joke, it's a mystery about the disappearance of the Jamestown colony
Which was on the outer banks of North Carolina
Maybe they have blown away
Anyway, we got 800 and some odd votes on here, which if I had time, I'm not used to this Russian thing
847 votes, how panicking are you about hurricane?
Francis, I'll wait and see where it's really going, 634 or 534, something like that, 63%
Makes sense to me, what, me worry 104, I'm stocking up now water batteries, etc. 94 damn you
Brian Norcross has me in a total panic, 56 as in Q56
I'm going back out of the bed, 48, and the shutters are up already, 11th
And the mad dogs standing by
