QAM Sports Time is 10 o'clock. No Rogers coming up next.
What do you say? Let's carry that mall in game today. What do you say?
How rascal?
Come on.
Radio Digital Digital City.
Huh?
No.
Radio Sports Radio My City.
WQAM.
My name is Ford Lunar Day.
Yeah.
People are light souls.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
No peace, no.
Yeah.
Are you as bell-kitchen as you are?
No.
You used to feed the star of lethal weapons.
Now he's making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to ask.
It was okay but wasn't as good as Mad Max.
Jesus Christ.
The movie star Rex Reed and the Pope
He did kill four stars.
Jesus Christ.
Take a look.
Don't leave a film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ.
On the screen.
Where there was no heart she seemed.
Jesus Christ.
D.A.T.
Finally got your name in variety.
Jesus Christ.
No.
Are you as bell-kitchen as you are?
It is as it was in all other Kakarite.
10, 2, 5, 60 WQAM.
Well we got a heavy plate today, man if you'll up.
Heavy duty plate.
Joe and Mark, they're fired.
They got screwed over up to the whole story.
I'd sure like to know the name of that individual
back there in the sales room at the stirred all I crap up.
I'd like to have that name right now.
Because now I think we'll take out billboards.
As if we don't have a bigger fish to fry and things to worry about.
But QAM is just like Jim Sarni said in the Sunsend of Leve.
The circus at QAM continues.
And you are.
Absolutely correct.
You thumb right on it Jim.
It's a circus.
It's a zoo.
It's not a place of business.
Forget about a radio station.
It's not even a Chinese laundry.
It's not a place of business.
It's a place of monkey business.
This one's getting suspended today because he talked bad to this one.
And this one's getting suspended because he was drunk at the QAM party.
And this one's getting fired because of some picture that was on the internet.
Seven months ago that somebody happened to see and passing walking by somebody else's computer.
This is not a place of business.
And of course,
the Tiffany iceberg.
This this all really started.
I'm not saying that he's responsible for all of it.
But the ugliness of this radio station started two years ago today.
Absolutely.
That's right.
Somebody this morning.
Oh, it's my two year anniversary and I'm wonderful.
And I don't get in the dirt with all those things.
Yeah, right.
That's right.
That's when it started to go downhill.
That's when a whole thing came unglued and tattooed.
And even though he has nothing to do with this latest episode,
maybe it's appropriate that he has sporting news radio as a lead in that, huh?
Maybe he can get a 0.0 as his lead in.
For that lame ass crap that he's passing off in the morning to that bunch of misfits like old
Joe there with a thick voice heard him this morning.
Stella the hockey fan.
Oh, speaking of hockey, let's get that story on right away.
Get out of the way.
And Cooper connects forward to her.
Tussie's been suspended for the remainder of the season, including the final 12 regular season
games.
Plus the entire 2004 Stanley Cup playoffs.
In addition, Mr. Bertuzzi's eligibility for the 2004 five season, which, of course,
is kind of amusing because there's going to be one, will be determined by Commissioner Gary
Betman prior to the start of training camp.
The suspension is the result of a blindside punch that injured Colorado Avalanche forward
Steve Moore in NHL game number 1028 on March the 8th.
And it goes on about let's see, Bertuzzi will forfeit at least $501,000 of his assailority.
The O'Keruk organization has also been fine $250,000, which that money goes to the NHL
foundation, which in turn makes contributions to charitable organizations.
And on it goes.
So there you go.
He's done.
And like before the next season, whichever season it's going to be, he's going to have to
meet with Gary Betman and decide whether he's eligible to come back, which I think is appropriate
and fine.
And then let's put his ass in jail on top of it.
And of course, last night, some of you probably saw the tearful apology.
You want to apologize?
No, not that kind of a guy.
Yes, screw you.
Screw you, Bertuzzi.
Get lost.
You Kinnuck.
More bad news though.
A lot of bad news.
It's bad news.
There's the QAM.
In fact, every day seems to be bad news.
The QAM.
Yeah.
Because Greg just can't get his ass his ass together.
You're really running a hell of a railroad.
Greg, let me tell you that.
Oh, speaking of railroad, that was a bad choice of words.
Powerful explosions rocked.
Dream a dread train station today just days before Spain's general election.
Silling more than 170 rush hour commuters and wounding more than 500 in Spain's worst terrorist
attack ever.
This is the Basque Separatist group ETA.
That's what the Foreign Minister and a Palacio said.
It was ETA.
Right now, we have to wait till we have an official statement.
But it's ETA.
But the lunatics, the outlawed Basque party, the armed Separatist group,
and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
Yeah, they want their country back.
They want their own country.
So, um, insanity continues around the world.
Bad news.
Now, in both newspapers today, we have stories.
And I should like to point out that Jim Sarni and Barry Jackass both contacted
a radio station and contacted Joe Castello.
He did not initiate the calls.
Conferring to what was reported to me by a Pimp second party this morning.
Since Greg doesn't speak to me directly, he doesn't have the balls to.
And I don't want to talk to Greg because, by frankly, it's embarrassing.
Esmeralist general manager.
I mean, you run an crazy house.
You're running a nut house.
And I realized that the industry is under a lot of pressure right now.
But if this is the way corporate is going to react every time somebody fights,
we might as well close up and open a Chinese laundry.
What is there?
Huh?
Perhaps the green clothes anyway.
Chinese laundry right there in a corner of northwest second avenue in
441.
No, taking no shirt.
Right.
Chinese freaking laundry.
QM used to be a radio station.
Now, it's a Chinese laundry.
This pile on your garbage will be sure got plenty of garbage
you're own on the inside.
Jim Sarni writes Hank Goldberg's back on the air.
But now, Joe and Mark are gone.
It's the suspension or firing of the week at QAM.
And he says the QAM circus continues.
Well, I love, I love that.
I'm a frameless article.
Whatever I said in the past, Jim Sarni,
all is forgiven.
Okay, you're still ugly as hell.
But then again, so am I.
But I mean, it's all forgiven.
You know, you're a putz.
The QAM circus continues and you are absolutely correct.
I think I said that, but you can't say it too often.
Absolutely.
Correct, sir.
Joe Castello and Mark Eisenberg, the co-host of the Joe and Mark show,
two to six a.m.
By the way, I hate to break the news.
Did there's another mistake?
Jim already.
Two to five a.m.
Don't take away most five to six hours,
especially on his anniversary on the day of his daughter's wedding.
The Joe and Mark show were terminated.
The Joe and Mark show were terminated.
Yes, the co-hosts were.
No, the co-hosts were terminated Wednesday over some old internet photos.
Vladimir Lussant and Anthony Jamie.
They're not pronouncing the last names right.
Who the hell knows?
Vlad and Anthony were.
The show's producers were also fired.
Did it?
You're fired.
The photos of adult entertainers taking the QAM studios appeared on the show's website,
but were quickly removed last September.
This is seven months ago, boys and girls.
Seven months ago.
That's also an error.
It was not on the show's website.
No, it was on a friend of, uh, there's, uh, personal website.
It wasn't on the show's website.
It certainly wasn't on the QAM website.
It wasn't on our website,
which by the way, we want to make very clear.
Our website has nothing to do with QAM.
Uh, they don't have a link to us.
We don't have a link to them and the Yamama.
Okay, that's just a total disclaimer.
There are cases of beesleys,
our pee and their pants again this morning,
which I'm sure they are.
Report and by keep in mind that this is the guy,
Greg Reed, that put the Scott Farrell on the ear
for six months on his radio station, but anyway.
Reportedly, the photos resurfaced when someone in the sales office
did an internet search.
Then we're seen by a female employee walking by
who complained the station management.
Oh, yeah.
She saw it on somebody's computer,
a screen on the monitor.
And made us think about it.
Now, see, I still can't get the message.
She filed a formal complaint
as what you're telling me.
That's what I heard.
I don't think so.
I heard that you went to the water,
not see who then went to Greg and then of course,
so this, but why the hell did this,
um, was this something that had to go to corporate in the first place?
Why did the people, the nose pickers and apples
have to get involved in this in the first place?
This wasn't somebody on the outside saying,
oh my god, there was something
grotesque happened on your radio station.
It wasn't even something that was on the air.
That's one of the best parts of this whole deal.
Anyway, Jim Sarni says,
ironically, Castillo and Eisenberg had changed the tone of
their show in recent months, and that's also correct.
They weren't doing anymore that stripper,
newly, uh, we want to be a Howard Stern Jr.
kind of stuff.
We'd been getting away from the dirty boys image
that Eisenberg who worked at QM for five years.
That's not the type of show we wanted.
We policed ourselves by taking these photos off the website
six months ago.
In fact, who was it that coined that term,
the dirty boys?
I think I know who it was.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Meanwhile,
Goldberg returned Tuesday from a five-day
high.
It is following a parking lot incident with the sales manager,
the anxious,
unacceptable Lou Ann Winnick.
That bitch.
We had a meeting and everything is fine.
The Humper said,
the Hebrew hammer.
Hebrew hammer.
WQM management would not come in on the termination
saying it was internal matter.
Right.
And infernal and curating matter is what it is.
As we continue showing our backside of the world,
QAM all asked all day.
So let me ask you a question.
And here's the very jackass column which did not come from Greg
Weegreg went out of his way to call Duff to tell me
to pass it down the line.
Duff told clearance and clearance told George and George told me
because Greg told and said,
tell that fat old fact that I didn't call either those guys.
Well, that's about time.
That's once,
mark it down George.
That's once.
One time he wasn't the mole.
He wasn't the spokesman for very jackass.
One million times.
As the radio station turns,
WQM bears the broadwights,
Barry Jackass.
Nice going, Barry, little pudwacker.
It says WQM fired overnight host Mark Eisenberg and Joe Castello
on Wednesday after the station found pictures of them
with naked women on the internet.
Eisenberg confirmed.
Their producers Anthony and the Vlad were also fired.
Eisenberg and Castello, 31-year-olds who had hosted a
raunchy sports and guistoff show from two to five AM weekdays.
C. Sarty at least, Barry's got the time right.
Had pictures taken of them fully clothed with a naked adult
entertainer inside the WQM studio on two occasions last
September, the two women who appeared new in the pictures had been
guessed on the program which aired when it's
is aired on QM since January 2002.
The first new took the pictures,
whom Eisenberg identified as a friend of the program,
posted them on the internet.
Eisenberg said he immediately asked his friend to pull the pictures
from the internet, but they resurfaced recently.
See, they thought the pictures were gone.
This makes it even more damning as far as the beesleaves are concerned.
They were positive those pictures were gone.
They did everything in their power to make sure those pictures weren't on the
internet.
No way or know how.
But they resurfaced recently.
We're brought to management's attention by a salesperson at the station.
And by the way, it's a power 96 salesperson.
Not one of our anxious QAM salespeople,
but a power 96 person doesn't even work for QAM.
You bitch.
I'm embarrassed, Eisenberg said we apologize.
It's youthful indiscretion.
Castello, who also hosted a Saturday morning motor sports show on WQM said it's a bummer.
It's a shame something we realized that the time was a mistake came back in
bidders.
It makes QAM look bad and I feel really bad.
Said Joe, who I talked to last night.
And he's not happy.
And I'm real unhappy.
Because first of all, it was presented to us in a way that yesterday,
if they would ever give us all the facts,
I mean, if they say don't talk about it, which I didn't yesterday,
until after they said you can talk about it, it was officially refired.
I don't talk about it.
But give us all the facts that we have some idea what's going on as opposed to,
well, there was this thing on a website.
I thought it was just something that happened in the last few days
on the heels of all this FCC hysteria.
On the FCC's Michael Powell's nervous breakdown.
That's what we thought it was.
And of course, if that had been the case, well, there you go.
It was kind of indefensible.
This is over a picture that comes on somebody's website of some strippers they had on the show.
Seven months ago, back in September 2003.
And so now we have sporting news radio in that slot two to five in the morning.
We had the only live local show overnight in town on this radio station.
And we continue shooting ourselves in a feet and burying ourselves.
That kind of looked like a bunch of minor league assholes.
And we're getting sick and tired of it Greg.
You're clown.
Oh, but it was corporates to see why I don't give a crap.
We need strong leadership, man.
We need somebody with some backbone.
Somebody with some judgment who isn't going to put somebody on the air for six months.
It was going to jeopardize the station's license in all of our livelihoods.
Great.
Well said.
But nevertheless, you know, when you break, like I told you, when you break the thing in
a first place, you can't put those pieces back together again.
It's the Humpty Dumpty Syndrome all over again.
He broke the morning show and now we just can't put them pieces back together again.
Look what we got now.
Papa Jenko.
Absolutely.
But we got.
Hey, speaking of that, are you in a dead end job?
Are you underpaid and overworked?
Well, if you'd like to have yourself a new high-paying career,
but you don't have the cash or the four years time to invest in college,
you still got a shot.
All you have to do is make one easy call to fast train tool free.
At 1-866 fast train.
They can have your train insur defined for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career
and as little as four short months.
That's true.
You can be fully trained already for a new career and as little as four easy months by July.
You can be making big cash.
Fast train offers day-evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
Fast train.
Oh, by the way, we got Naomi Campbell on our rub.
Sunshine Girl on the Beaded Room today.
Oh, by the way, that's behind the Beaded Curtain.
Anybody under 18 don't even think about it.
Well,
fast train offers job placement assistance financially to people who qualify.
Fast train got seven convenient Florida locations to serve you,
so it is bound to be one convenient to where you live.
So if you want to change your life if you're tired of working for some brainless,
schmuck, god.
Pick up that phone and call fast train today tool free at 1-866 fast train or check them on the
wicked worldwide web fast train.com.
And like I said in just four short months, you'll have a big fat career and a great paycheck that
goes along with it.
Is that a great career at a big fat paycheck?
However you want to put it.
Call them today.
1-866 fast train.
And don't forget to tell them that Todd Dreck, not Todd Bertuzzi.
Todd Dreck, same difference totally to call.
My, and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
The Roger's got.
Well, he went on TV and he talked to Tim Russell.
He said he was going to get into the race.
John Kerry's crying.
George, the famous smile.
A Ralph Vader keeps getting right up in their face.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really bumming again.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
GOP can see the victory coming.
A Ralph Vader keeps on spoiling.
Democratic blood's gonna keep on boiling again.
He's gonna spoil it all right.
He's gonna make everyone laugh.
He's gonna make everyone uptight.
Well, he can't get elected.
But the outcome's effective.
Brown.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really bumming.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Yeah, I tell you, networks like CNN,
you people are insane.
You're lunatics because I realized that hockey, like an issue,
we talk hockey for more than 10 seconds.
And the audience is all gone.
It's not an American thing.
America doesn't care about hockey.
But, and as a result, they never do anything positive about hockey on CNN,
MSNBC.
It doesn't even exist.
But when they have some good photos,
like Marty makes surely Wacken Donald Bercher with a stick on the side of the head,
or here it is again.
Here we go.
The playoffs.
What is interesting?
You know how many times they've shown this in the last minute?
About 30 minutes.
At least.
There we go again.
When they got something violent and grotesque and a lot of blood and guts,
here we go.
Here's what hockey's all about.
Baaaah!
Yeah.
CNN, that is the anti-Christ right there.
Make no mistake about it.
Not Fox, not MSNBC, not anybody else,
not even the Beasley, the freaking Measley Beasley's.
It's CNN, the anti-Christophe.
El Mata-Christa.
They are disgusting and grotesque.
They should, uh, you people at CNN should all die.
How do you like that?
Everyone here.
Is there anybody we like at CNN except for Susan Candy-Odi?
Yeah, we like her.
How about Candy-Cowley?
17, huh?
Well, if he's gone out, she don't cut the crap.
Oh, wait.
That Candy-Honey.
Candy-Cowley.
1748 votes on our poll yesterday.
If you had tons of cash,
what one city would you choose from?
I'm not done by the way with the Joe and Mark thing.
I've only just begun.
Because it's, and you have no idea.
You can't even begin to believe how ecstatic I am to have this arrangement,
where I don't have to be there more than just a few days a year.
You can't even begin to believe because that's got to be of all
how many places have I worked in my life in this business in over 40 years in radio?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
I have never encountered an environment.
You talk about a hostile workplace
that is so full of hate and psychosis and insanity and suspensions and crap.
Now, there must be some reason for that.
Why this is all happening in that building, you know?
Maybe it's weak leadership.
Maybe it's weak management.
Maybe it's just people that haven't got any idea how to really run a business.
Because that's not a place of business.
It's a place of monkey business.
And we keep jerking the audience around every single day.
Here, let's pencil in the new QAM lineup.
Get a pencil with a bigger eraser on it.
Here's the worst team.
I mean, here's Moe.
I mean, here's Farrell.
Here's whatever we got.
Here's the big overnight live show.
Well, I guess not.
Make up your minds already.
People make up your minds.
You want to be like a real honest,
a goodness radio station,
or you want to be an industry joke.
Because that's what Greg Reed and Abisley
are making us into as an industry joke.
Every couple of days now, this one's suspended.
This one is fine.
This one is fire.
This one, you know,
I understand the times are tough,
but this is the way you respond.
It indicates to me like a lack of non-compass penis to me.
If this is the way you respond when the going gets tough.
Professional broadcasters now use that term loosely.
We got some idea where the line is drawn.
Okay, and so a lot of us have backed way away from the edge of that line
because it's called survival.
It's called being a little bit smart.
Not like Frado, not like Greg, a little bit smart.
And back and way away from that line.
Because we need to cash.
Anyway,
Honolulu wins hands down to 159.
That was George's choice.
Good choice.
I've been there six times, though.
I don't want to go back.
New York 190.
You know how many years I've been since I've been in New York?
I've turned, man.
I have no interest in going there.
What's the attraction?
Territories.
My any 189.
And well, that's just, that's for the people
that never get out of town too much.
San Francisco 123,
Las Vegas 109,
which it sounds very tempting.
By the way, Bob Lincoln at Triple Buy Pass surgery.
He's okay. He's in Vegas.
He's all right.
He's okay.
He's fat.
That's probably why I had Triple Buy Pass surgery.
That's a report from Fat Rich.
CNS Month Richie.
Virgin Islands 107,
Amsterdam 98.
They want to be there in that damn square.
Naples Florida.
This is the Chiger and this would pile.
This is a joke.
The 95 say if they had all the money in the world,
they live in Naples Florida.
Right.
Oh, man.
Those must all be from Cropper from the Beasley's.
You think?
Okay.
Maybe the kid with the banjo will voted several times.
Banjo boy.
San Diego 86,
Roma 77,
Rome Italy.
Somebody said if you'd vote for any place beside Rome,
you're a moron.
Well, a lot of people did.
So,
Roma 77, Vancouver 65, Toronto had 68.
Sydney, Australia 48,
Aspen, Colorado 45,
Geneva, Switzerland,
Shvites 37,
Mallorca 35, Jamaica 28,
Nassau in the Bahamas 27.
Why would anybody want to live in a Bahamas?
I don't know.
Drugs?
Got those here.
Stockholm 18,
Andorra LaVeia 16,
Cologne, Germany 11,
Turin Italy,
Torino 11,
Berlin 9,
and the Philippines 5.
There was some guy who said they had some towns.
It wasn't even Manila.
It was like Morphinila.
Some little town in the Philippines,
and nobody ever heard of.
He said it was like Paradise.
And when somebody tells me that South Florida is Paradise,
we have to raise 14 eyebrows at that.
Tells me that these people are like in the twilight
of a mediocre life.
Don't forget to join the big...
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Orlando Alzacquiri today from 11 to 1
at the Edwin Watts Golf.
Edwin Watts Golf's North Federal...
What is that?
Are you reading this?
No, you are.
Follow along with me.
11 to 1 at the Edwin Watts Golf's
North Federal Highway location.
I have Mount North of commercials.
So I guess they have more than one location.
It's the...
Perthably.
Federal Highway location.
Half Mount North of Commercial Boulevard.
The big...
Oh!
We'll have Honda Classic Passes
and there'll be free sandwiches from our good buddy,
our Atlantic City subs, where they are the best.
So that's 11 to 1 today at that place.
25 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
Here's today's lineup at 2 we got.
And 4 it's going to be the...
Show.
TV at 7.
The...
At the Montreal Canadiens at 7 30.
Eddie...
Invagus at 10 30 following the hockey game.
And then overnight it's the anxious sporting news.
Oh!
Radio.
Oh my god.
Wow!
I am so humiliated and embarrassed to have to announce those words.
2 to 5 in the morning and the middle of the week on a Thursday night.
Sporting news radio.
We open up the pot.
We go from a live local show to a piece of crap.
We don't even have ESPN radio no more because the other
you guys got it.
So we got sporting news radio.
A bunch of silly people sitting around reading the same sports scores
over and over again.
Talking the same trash.
Wow!
Holy crap!
26 past 10 at 5.
So if you do I sound a little bit worked up today?
I am.
I'm pissed off.
I am disgusted.
Stop the bleeding already.
Will your Greg stop the bleeding?
You're killing us man.
You're destroying us.
You're butchering us.
You can hear the sounds of the bleeding cow.
Oh that's fat boy.
Maybe it's Josh Friedman.
He don't work for us anymore.
Maybe the mstaples popped open again.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit.
Zero fee and zero discounted points.
Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan,
your payments are only $334 a month.
If you have a $200 thousand loan,
you pay only $668 a month to know for good.
Once you be financed or get new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So just call that toll free number at 1-866-395-Lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
Zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fee.
Zero closing costs.
Even like I said, when you move to another property,
get yourself that amazing low financing rate of just 1.25%
with the only one mortgage and never pay those closing costs again from
financial group.
Call 1-866-395-Lend for details.
No obligation.
1-866-395-Lend.
The unequal housing lender restrictions of course apply.
Rate sumbed of change monthly.
4.21 APR.
My life and look all this is 4.2566-395-Lend.
2.21 APR.
A W-2AM sales department.
Yes, I'm interested in buying some time on your radio station.
What?
I want you to do it for a spot.
No.
I don't know.
I seem to remember.
It was around a hundred dollars.
About.
Yeah.
Oh, buying a spot.
Yeah.
Isn't that around a hundred dollars?
No, not a hundred dollars.
Lower.
Lower.
Around a hundred dollars.
No.
Lower.
Around a hundred dollars.
Timid.
No.
Lower.
Around a hundred.
At 560 W-Q-A-M, we're always ready to service your account.
A hundred.
Dollars.
1032 at 560 W-Q-A-M, we thought that the Q-M sales department was bad,
but let me tell you something right now.
Compared to the Power 96 sales department, we got a bunch of rocket scientists.
Can you imagine what of our people, what of our nitwits back there,
walking by somebody's computer, and looking on a monitor and seeing some nude picture,
something like that, and then registering a complaint to management?
Can you imagine that?
No.
In fact, probably the pictures would have been them anyway.
Maybe high boy, he's kind of sensitive.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's got a sensitive, back home.
Big one.
But you people at Power 96, man, you wait, just wait and see.
I come back to time, I'm going to go right back there and pee on your CD-Pay employers,
every one of them.
We're going to tell all kinds of stories about kid-curry and Anna as squeak.
You'll see.
Ah, we know all those.
And of course, the stories about our good friend who used to be in the morning,
their boa of jangles gripping.
Oh, and you know something that inspires me, boys and girls, okay?
That inspires me.
Something that I haven't played in a long, long time.
What is it under?
What, the Joe and Bo-Shop?
Yeah.
Is it called the Joe and Bo-Shop?
Joe and Bo-Shop.
560 WQAM.
Presents the Joe and Bo-Shop.
Daring Joe Costello and Bo-Griffin.
In day, call 560-00560.
Mobile users dial down 560.
To tax Joe and Bo-Shop, call 305-650-198.
Now, here's Joe and Bo-Shop.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of rad that I've been doing around these today.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What you think you do?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm playing that.
We play it all the time.
I don't want to hear no what I was doing.
Nika Bashin.
You said it.
I didn't.
Say what?
I said you said that we're not men.
I never said it.
You don't get me playing it.
That'd be close enough for me.
What is your problem?
My problem for you.
You write how I'll get it faster than you.
Now, don't you be looking at me.
Don't you be looking at me, honey.
Don't look at me.
Don't you look at me.
You just never got over Cleo stealing your gig.
What do you say?
You heard me.
What do you say?
I said you know who I am.
I am the great bull griffin.
I have you.
No.
I carry a lot of weight around here.
Yes.
You carry it around here and around here and around here.
Ow.
I want your wife.
Who can ask file and try?
No.
No.
Fred!
Get your wife in here right now.
I'll get you right now.
I'll get you right now.
Explain what's going on.
First, he takes the last proof of beef that was in the lunch room.
Then, then, he's gonna ripen my black ass on it.
All right.
All right.
I got it.
I'll get you all.
Come down.
I'm gonna get you.
We all get it.
Everybody stay safe.
Stay safe.
Be careful with that.
I didn't have to go wild.
You're my...
You're my...
You're my...
You're my...
You're my...
That's a beautiful thing.
1036, that's a true story as a matter of fact.
Pretty close to it.
Other than the fact you didn't blow anybody away.
But not in the short of that.
That we know it.
Yeah.
Once you got her wish,
you don't have fired.
It wasn't because of her,
but eventually down the road.
Maybe she put a voodoo hex on him.
Maybe she had a hole to miss Cleo
and it too,
but a voodoo hex on Joe and Mark.
A jury awarded more than $950,000
when the instructor of Roman Catholic principles
who accused and out the deceased priest
of Pushing her during an argument over how to teach.
The jury voted nine to three Monday to award
952 grand to Maria Vega,
57 for emotional distress defamation and battery,
said of attorney Victor George.
Vega said she was teaching Catacusum at St. M. Eddius Church
in November 1999,
when the Reverend Dennis O'Neill disagreed
with the way she was teaching
and punched her right above the ear.
Why do you like that?
And John Gallum is a Jesuit priest
and an internationally known scholar
and author who's traveled over leading seminars
on Catholic, liturgy and worship.
The jet setting charismatic clerk
is also accused of having a sinister side
as a child minister.
Oh my God.
Father Gallum's been barred from the ministry following allegations
that he sexually abused the 16-year-old Sylvainia boy
in 1980 at St. Joseph Church on South Main Street,
where is this is Toledo?
The victim now 40 and living in Kenosha, Wisconsin,
received a $50,000 settlement from the Jesuits in 1994,
but continued to pursue his case with the Catholic Church
until last month.
That's when he learned that Father Gallum,
no technically still a priest,
has been barred from performing any priestly functions
according to a letter from the Milwaukee Archdiocese
obtained by the Toledo Blade.
Just a couple of more isolated incidents.
FCC chairman, the anxious Michael Powell said yesterday,
that legislation meant to crack down on indecency on the airwaves,
could run a foul of free speech rights
and undermine the overall effort.
Well, how do you like that, huh?
Could run a foul of free speech rights?
I don't know.
We had any left.
The House and Senate Commerce Committee
have both passed bills that would sharply
boothbinds the television radio broadcasts
of violating decency regulations.
They'd also require the FCC to hold a hearing
to determine whether a broadcast license should be revoked
after three violations, three strikes year-out.
After speaking to a group of state regulators,
Paul told reporters, there are a number of things
that give me pause,
because I don't want to see enforcement remedies
being captured by constitutional litigation.
Things like three strikes in your out,
I think is an understandable idea,
but when you think it through,
I can imagine scenarios where it can be more problematic than not.
Powell also expressed concerns that additional provisions
like the one in the Senate bill
that would put new media ownership rules on hold,
pending a review of links between indecency and consolidation
could end up scuttling the bill altogether.
All right.
The version has the three strikes provision
and permits the FCC to weigh hefty,
hefty, or penalties against the person
who waters indecency material on the air,
as well as go after the network that broadcasts the material.
The FCC can now only find the license station
that air the material,
and has limited ability to penalize the announcer
who'll be saying it.
The Senate bill escalates fines as much as $500,000,
but only once the broadcast has been found
or committed to a third indecency violation.
It also has the three strikes in the upper vision,
yoddy-oddy.
So now all of a sudden he's worried about free speech.
He's not worried about that.
He's just worried that the whole thing's unconstitutionally.
He knows that on the face of it.
He knows it.
He knows they're just trying to make things up as they go along.
Well, free speech means whatever we say it does.
That's basically what America's all about right now.
By the way, don't give me a solid evidence about John Kerry's
Senate, the Republicans, there are a bunch of liars
and crooks and so on, because he's absolutely
absolutely correct.
You go, John.
No apologies.
You don't know apologies needed.
I will not give it to you.
A good show of ballsmanship there even though we didn't know
the mic was on.
Nevertheless, stand by your guns, baby.
Here's the poll for today and it's a,
we pick up right where we left off yesterday with this.
That list we had of the 100 most often mispronounced words
and phrases in English.
What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most?
That's our poll questions.
That's up there already.
I voted for Axe.
As in, let me ask you a question.
I voted for Nukula.
Axe for Ask, especially for especially,
Reelter for Reelter for Reelter,
Jewelry, I didn't put this 100.
Jewelry for Jewelry.
You got that?
Got it.
Now what do you got on there?
Nukula.
A mood point?
I never heard of it in my life.
I heard of Andy Mogue used to play golfer to bronze and LA.
I don't know who put that on there.
Mogue, Mogue or Mogue point for Mogue point.
And that must be an Eric thing.
I'm sure Justin do that.
Eric.
Eric did it.
Mogue, Mogue or Mogue came out of his.
Yeah, he can have one.
It's kind of dumb.
55 votes on there so far.
And of course, we'll add a lot more to it.
Don't forget, Naomi Campbell is our naked lady.
I mean, our lovely person of the day.
Our Mogue shot.
Behind that beaded curtain.
Behind a picture of John Ascroff,
which would warn you to stay the hell away
if you're either under the age of 18
or if you're just too emotionally mature.
Or if you work at Power 96 and Sales.
Do not go anywhere near our website.
If you work at Power 96 and Sales on the air,
a program director that includes you, Kid Scurvy,
all you people at Power 96,
you're the bone of our existence, okay?
You make this one a puke.
I got the local 60s, 560s.
The radio's all yours.
I'm a huge fan.
George Bush loves the little children.
But only in our part of the world.
He will lead no child behind.
If there will be and there white.
George was children in our part of the world.
Children, why to get us driven?
For all the resources of the world.
Where the book from left to right.
When 3,000 people died.
Each of us sat there like he's in another world.
Bush knows how to raise his children.
Garlic sweet and jelly little girls.
Cargaten's stone that's fresh and high.
With their legs up to the sky.
At the backseat of the limmo's where they hurled.
We're at the bottom of every joke throughout the world.
Welcome.
I was he talking about the US or QAM?
1046 at 560, WQAM.
And I said that with some embarrassment.
Maybe a little bit lower.
WQAM.
Maybe I should mumble lower.
Now I'm thinking to myself about the Howard Stern show
that's taped and broadcast on E on the E network.
And Howard has some of those scantily clad guests on.
There's some of those slots that he has on the show.
Scankily scant scant scantly scank.
They're right there on TV on E.
For people to see all around the country.
All around North America on cable.
Right?
Right.
Ron and Ron, when they were on WIOD,
which at that time was owned by religious,
goody, tushy, buddy, bud, paxon.
Ron and Ron had the skankiest nasty strippers.
Who used to see, I know this comes to the shock boys and girls,
but this is radio.
I used to try to tell them that this is radio.
The fact that you got all these strippers,
these broads running around naked.
It may be wonderful for you guys.
And of course, we know what was going on in the hallway,
which I can't say on a year.
And I do.
But in the meantime, it doesn't do much for the radio speakers.
See, you look at the speaker, you don't see anything.
I got to make a stripper on my head right now.
But the point of the thing being that nobody got fired for that stuff.
No, and Howard's show is still on E as far as I know.
Isn't it?
I'm sure it is.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's on there.
So what's the big deal?
What's the premise that they had a couple of strippers in the building?
And they had some provocative pictures.
They had all their clothes on,
Jule and Mark, and the other guys.
It's not that they were involved in some kind of a wild orgy or something like that.
Oh, by the way, yogurt.
The newspapers won the floor because of yogurt.
Why?
Yogurt.
One of the girls put yogurt on herself, on her top.
Yes.
Being careful.
And the other girl removed it.
And from that, there you go.
That's what was the subject matter.
So what does that have to do with anything?
No, just flushing it out for you there.
When that flushed the yogurt out, what flavor was it?
I'm not sure.
Did it have the fruit on the bottom?
I'm sorry.
Maybe a freaking cross would have been there.
The fruit would have been on the bottom because I understand it's common for him.
But anyway, I don't want to listen.
I don't want to go there.
You know, we have to be very, very careful.
We don't want to go there.
Even that one word there, I noticed in the bow and Jojo,
but nonetheless, that's a comedy bit.
You know, we've played it many times.
The inward.
Oh, gee.
That's too bad.
There's a cleaner bit.
Boat got the power.
I don't want to play a cleaner bit.
There was nothing wrong with that bit.
But everybody is so old.
I mean, seriously, if you're going to get,
we might as well just play music.
Okay.
I'm really, I really mean this.
If you people who own this radio station and who are running it,
and I use that term very loosely,
if you're that panicky about everything,
let's just play some nice, safe music.
We got a lot of jingles, right?
We got all the more jingles we can, uh,
now crank up on a blast from the past.
We're hopping in there.
And the machine, there you go.
That'll solve it.
Come on and gain.
Here's the golden vector from WQAN.
Right now!
All right.
That's one of my favorite rights as a matter of fact.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
But anyway,
something to think about.
Nothing in my contract is I have to do with talk shows.
It's the near-order show.
Near-order show could be playing, uh, oldies.
I might just start that today.
Until these people come to their senses,
until they get some better grip on life.
Let's start at the beginning.
I've seen some people come on glue,
but I mean, you talk about a real desperate reach
to come to a rationalization to fire a bunch of young guys.
And the sad part of it is these are good guys.
These are guys who are going out of their way
to try to like go over the line.
They've cleaned up their act the last several months.
They get it.
They understand they wonder a lot more
scrutiny and pressure now.
They get it.
Joe happens to be a good guy,
a good friend of mine, a good friend of George's.
Never stole a freight train.
No.
And, uh, it does a good job.
I mean, it's, uh, it's the only live show in the market.
Two to five and more.
So you suspend the guys for a week.
Okay, to pacify the nervous Nellies over there in Naples,
corporate, you know, you've been suspended for a few days.
Dr. Pay, which I'm sure I ain't going to make much difference anyway.
Pay more to be on exactly.
But to blow them out of there to fire them,
base the, uh, the fact that we got some humorless bitch
in the building that accidentally supposedly want
by somebody's computer and saw a picture on a website
and went crying,
wow, I'm offended.
Everybody's offended.
It's like the show.
So this one's offended by this.
Well, you know something.
If we had to worry about offending people all the time,
we wouldn't say anything because you can say hello.
No, no, voice.
You might just offend somebody.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, there's a guy.
I think about him.
I'm offended without hearing anything from him.
I'm just offended knowing that he's working there still.
With a story about the bullet in my head
and, uh, let's get you words fired.
I mean, they're, they're, talk about, uh,
an unacceptable workplace.
Did he ever get suspended?
Did he get canned?
No, nothing happened to him.
Did he get to find?
No.
He's done a zillion things at least.
About three men.
That any normal workplace he'd have been
can't a long time ago.
But again, they're peeing in their pants.
They're scared of his lawyer and they're scared of this one.
They're scared of their room shadow.
Must be those big numbers he's getting.
Now must be why he's still there.
And I just used him always an example there.
I don't want to like pick on him.
Do I?
Yeah.
But yeah, he's an excellent example.
Very, very sad.
I'm, I'm going to crank up the music, I think.
We'll get a few more choices for our pool here.
What do you think?
I think you should start at the beginning of the oldies.
Like the very first piece of recorded.
Well, how about the rock around a clock by Bill Haley?
It was the first rock and roll record so they said, you know.
Well, the first, uh, like on the tin foil,
on the hand crank.
Mary had a little lamb.
Was it?
All right.
I think it was.
Let's go through the history of the recording industry.
Right.
Yeah, but I don't have that long left on the deal.
Let's see.
You've got to let you finish it off.
Sure.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How does one person get somebody fired from,
who has the contract they're live with it?
Four people.
Oh, the four people got fired.
Not one.
No, but I mean, one person made a complaint, right?
Right.
But four people got canned.
So does that mean if I make a complaint against something,
can I come down there and get somebody fired
or get a commercial taken off the air?
Probably if you're a chicken working here.
Probably.
I mean, I don't have a lot of power.
I mean, it's a miracle somebody hasn't gotten you up there.
It's really a miracle.
They tried.
They tried pretty damn hard for a long time.
Yeah, that asshole in Miami.
I'd like to see him in person, JT or whatever.
Like I said, I don't know whether this one works or not.
560-560-0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Always, always a setup call.
Always a little test, a little ink on that work,
ink on the hat.
It's a little bit of a problem.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You really sound like these guys,
they kind of look pretty excuse to get rid of these guys
because it doesn't sound like anything
that would amount to a firing offense domain.
No, of course not.
So, you know, it's kind of scary what's going on
and what's going on in the radio these days
and I haven't heard them any overnight.
And they were kind of railing against the FCC
against Bush and you'd hate to think that that was linked to it.
So, keep up the good work.
If that was the criteria, you know,
if not in Bush was, get you off this radio station,
I wouldn't have been on this morning.
I've been off a long time ago.
Well, different with you though.
If they take you off, it'd be a pretty large human cry.
That's what these guys are.
These guys are off, yeah.
If they take these guys off,
and hardly anybody notices,
but it's kind of scary what's going on.
I just don't like seeing people keep getting jerked around
away, Hank got jerked around last week
and these guys getting blown out of there.
This is unacceptable.
The overreaction of the century, I mean,
if they would have done something
that put the license in jeopardy or done something
to harm somebody else, they'd have worked there.
But for something that innocuous,
it's pretty pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
Thank goodness that they decided not to regulate cable,
but these people are...
You've got to have people right.
You have to see it at all.
You have to be proactive about that
because it's really scary.
This is the first amendment we're talking about here.
It's supposed to be a free country.
Good luck to us, Pali.
Yep, see you at the board.
Okay, see you at the aborted patrol.
5, 6, 7, 8, 8, all...
I never even mention this,
the other day actor Robert Pastor Raleigh Dady was only 49
who played the Skrewball House painter,
Eldo, Nand Murphy Brown.
Okay, you didn't know who that was?
What they showed in the news they said to that was but I never watched Murphy Brown.
He died?
Yeah.
Uh, Corners office said it might have been a drug overdose.
There was drug paraphernalia found and he's dead.
He was 49 years old.
On CBS's Murphy Brown, he played Elden Bernicke, an oddball house painter for TV newswoman Murphy
Brown, played by Candace Bergen.
Elden's work never seemed to get done because of his high artistic standards, spent
much of his time meddling in Murphy's life off of dispensing sage advice.
He finished work with John Travolta last month on the movie Be Cool to sequel to the comedy
Get Shorty.
He played a hitman and now he's dead.
He died?
Yes he did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 7, 7, 8, 6, 6, 7, 6, 8, 6, 6, 7, 8, 8, 7, 8, 8, 7, 8, 6, 7, 8, 7, 8, 8, 7, 8, 8,
I don't care what you say or do
I just turn the other cheek when the salesman's whole itemy has the numbers died down the tooth
So what? This station is annoying me
It's just a great big point of me
I've got to get to my tailor by two
To pick up my brand new book
Brother Two
WQAM
She won't help me
Oh, I can't play that one
She what a girl, you know what the name of the group is?
I'm not gonna say it, you say it
The Hummer is set
Can't play that
Like I said the
MUMORITES
Don't they have to parade the Hummers parade so we can't play that
Seriously, let's place them do off what do you say?
You say go back to the beginning
It's the Q&A new shop
Where people who listen to that do-op crew and they need mental help
What is that?
What is that all about?
Bad, the do-op shop
I didn't know country music though
Well, I still say that Bob Hamilton, Magic's an asshole even though I can't stand do-up myself
Because he took off that guy that had the do-op shop and it got a lot of people really bent out of shape
Right?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
127 votes for ACSOFAR
And nuclear as opposed to nuclear is got 42
Everybody else small potatoes so far
We might not have a long list today because I'm just in that kind of got to hear up my ass, you know what I mean?
Rather real, real hair
Here's line 9 QAM
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Another one to add to the list
Yes
I was just thinking about this instead you know the word with WITH
How about with in service
I brought my gloves with me
That's a classic example
W-I-V with...
With...
IFS
Or with me
But what about with me?
With...
Yeah with it
With this
I think with WITH is more...
Oh yeah
It's new now
Okay thanks paly
Okay bye bye
Make a hole
Put it on there, we'll put it on there however you feel
With or with
I mean with WITH with is not all that difficult okay?
With...
Not that tough
I think everybody had an ovation
Across the USA
Then everybody needs to...
Yeah I think we ought to go on strike the whole station until Joe and Mark are reinstated
You know suspended for a few days, pacify the corporate and get it back on here
Quit the crap
Quit ticking with this radio station man
What's going on?
These uh...
Few last couple of weeks is unbelievable
This is...
I mean we could just hit still a roll over for it and watch everybody in all the pieces of the president just dropped
You know piece by piece
And what do you got left?
I'll tell you what you got left
You got nothing left
I said it yesterday
You know I even the day before before we knew that this crap was going on with Joe and Mark
I said it the other day I'll say it again
It's like sitting inside the ruins of Pompeii when it's all just crumbled around you
And that's what's happening with seeing it QAM
Just crumbling
Just peeing their pants
June Allison I understand is over there in Naples now
Doing a killer business
Hanging out the pens by the boat load
I like this story
Son of gay marriage for weds in San Francisco
This is great
This is kind of like Dick Taney and his a dick daughter
David Knight, son of the state senator who was the author of the California ballot measure that's banned same sex marriage
Defied his father's law and wet his partner of ten years to his day in a quiet ceremony
Attended by just two friends in San Francisco City Hall
A rock song loud, ragged, tried to put me down
A top-to-grand staircase of City Hall's rotunda night and Joe Lazaro Baltimore exchanged rings
And were pronounced spouses for life one month after senator William Pete Knight
Republican of Palm Day proclaimed San Francisco same sex marriages nothing more than a side show
He said pop to you
Pop this
Oh
There's that picture again on CNN there's time for two to go
Yanke the Eotrousian Delta Steve Horn ahead you clown you yeah
Oh here it is again in swamow on CNN
On a safe last night for two
There it is, a big shock at the head
Here it is, air comes again
Here it is again
Wow
Like I said, why not put it on an endless loop you crazy bastards at CNN just put it on there over and over again
People I would know a hockey puck from a lenders bagel and they're just showing it be just to make it look bad
Whatever they can do to make it look grotesque
Because of one incident
But nevertheless 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 TN for Rise of Wireless Line
I got a lot of music in fact I could go out today and buy a whole bunch of music
What you don't have we got here that's right I didn't forgot about that WQA
Hello pretty good pretty just hearted and what's going on in that station yes pathetic I'm a loyal fan of Joe Marx and I will admit it
I am right my judgment might have been clouded but when I hear it's this I mean if it would have been something said on the air with the sexual
Contestion or something right you look at fine you know considering the political climate going on now but this is this is a bunch of bs
It's total bs
A picture on a friend's website that they thought was the race was long gone anyway that somehow and this is what I'd love to know is how come the power 96 sales people manage to pull this up on and leave it on a
On a monitor somewhere so that something could walk by and see it but somehow somebody saw it and it got offended by it and made a big think about it
This is so I mean such a reach and a stretch it's just pathetic and the reason I like to show is because what you said it was a local show
Right dedicated to local interest and it was good and you know as somebody has started on the overnight you know how that's the beginning for them right they could have worked the way up to about you know better time slot
Eventually when the not nothing you know the dinosaur but you know what I'm talking about that off you know move on to the floor right you know and they've done everything they've been over backwards at that station for them you know to go to QA and management has asked them to do things and they've done it
First of all they started they were on Monday to Friday okay when when most of it started his little BS about how to lead in on Sunday then it was Sunday through Thursday because Mo was bitching and belly I can you have a lead in exactly and then when the whole change over with Scottie came over that they took away
One of the hours from the show they said finally and I know for a fact they're working with out of contract so they got blown out without no money to back them up right you know that's what pissed me off we want you on mark back on next Monday night up next Sunday night up
I agree with you if it would have been a suspect I lie now I don't listen to my only here five minutes when I first come in here in the morning and get everything straight now but I don't have any idea what he was saying but I think that everybody on this radio station ought to go to bad for Joe and Mark because they're good guys I mean the overnight
It's like a major component as far as ratings or making any money but it's just a principle of it I mean there's nothing that these guys did here that should run them getting canned nothing you know and that's what makes me more mad at anything I agree with you if they would have been suspended for a week or two weeks or got back to pay I would have said I should have been there for a week or two weeks or two weeks or two days
I think they knew we would have said it would have been fine but to get both and not just one person four people got affected by this and four people that have been loyal to that station okay and they just I don't understand this what's going on Neil I mean obviously there's something going there's got to be more of this story than what's going on there's
person might have had an accident going with them or something but I don't understand that because Joe Mark are like what can I keep people in mind this is somebody inside the building who doesn't even work for a QAM this is some sales bitch from power 96
boy I wish I had that name yeah well I'm working on it take care of you two you know they're not only are showing the virtuosy a steep more thing they're showing a they just had a montage of hockey or collisions and fights intention make the postseason it'll be no good oh my god you people at CNN seriously they ought to be pulled off the air they're obscene make no mistake about it they need to be yank right off the air CNN the world would be a hell of a lot better place for it
months ready to have a minute maybe they could sell a highlight tape of that montage oh man just frost my and here I thought all of a sudden everything was going along so well we got to hump her a crisis straight enough the other day and we go from one crisis to another crisis we had the for all business and then we had the
Hank business and we got the dual and mark business we had the ever never ending mode business yeah the more it goes on the more obnoxious it gets unhappy anniversary by the way Mo you obnoxious disgusting old cute
oh oh if you look up old cute in the dictionary there he is with that piece how come this thing doesn't want to play I can't even play my music now I'm getting my CD player when I'm strike
like that name that group name that group the honey more my day both very close the honey purpose the moon is part of it the cockamoon the moon
load the moon goes wash the add you know the moon goes for 1955 some more kill at that I just hate that stuff all there is definitely something wrong with them do off people how much of
Mr. Mellon the pictures love the
anyway it's 11 after 11 at 560 WQM joined the big old or land well sugary 11 a one today at Edwin Watts golf's North Federal Highway location a half mile north of commercial boulevard the big oh will have Honda classic passes and free
Sanchez from Atlantic City Sub's and Ira even on the Sanchez man won't be there but nevertheless today or land will can be the sandwich it got right
151 people can't stand that let me ask you a question for ask got us 219 nuclear instead of nuclear 45 especially
instead of especially 11 jewelry instead of jewelry 5 realtor instead of realtor 4 mood or moob 2
Eric your indian wit as opposed to with go with me okay go with me one and what's this other one and where did
that come from that peripheral huh peripheral instead of peripheral but it's not the wrong one isn't even spelt right now what do we know how about
spelled
smelt the vegetarians like that spelt what is spelled words no no seriously what is it's some kind of a thing I feel no no you don't
never heard of spelled spelt spelt I heard of it and don't think of ever eating it so I'm playing a vegetarian well of course if it's
a caca oh man spelled somebody will tell us what that is but anyway that's a good one and this peripheral that's it's not even
that's not even spelled right wrong peripheral instead of peripheral right has got no votes anyway you this one gets
invoiced spELT instead of spelled spELT spELT spelt yeah I spelt it wrong and I'm a moron and I work a QAM 1113 at 560 whatever this is
my own
my own
it's a 420 or 560
QAM first crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking life
on St. Patrick's Day everyone is Irish even MT these hottest couple it's a newly wed St. Patrick's Day
hi I'm Nick Olishe and I'm Jessica Othamson O
oh god oh god is he Irish too
Nick and Jessica celebrate all things Irish on a newly wed St. Patrick's Day look baby a four-leaf clover
a four-leaf clover I wish I knew it that man good luck you're right I'll never figure it out
join the newly wed as they sit down for a traditional Irish feast here Jess try some corn beef
ill baby you know I don't eat corn don't miss a newly wed St. Patrick's Day only on Mick TV
I'm gonna go to school on the other day with the any American stuff yeah on tape right all this is for him
this magic moment
so different than so new was like any other until I kissed you
oh and then
Janie Merkins folks music from before most of you were born it's 1117 at 560 WDQM
so we're gonna play a music for next couple of years but all music oldies we'll put that freaking magic right off the map
there you go Bob Hamilton what comes around goes around you scumbag and I'll teach you to take it in do a shop off the ear and piss us off right
right we're gonna go really old to like ancient ancient we're playing a really valid records right Rudy Valley Glenn Miller big bands
Gordon Brown and his band of renowned or whoever the hell I was African both brown huh African bone drum music
you hear what he just said Josh no it was definitely a racial comment toward all started 5 6 7 0 5 60 and I tell you it's gonna be where it's gonna finish
too if you don't cut the crap what a life that stuff well you have plenty of time to listen to it
oh
I was in the last year
this place is yet to be a matter of fact I don't like that for a coincidence
I went for new persistence I was thinking about losing weight
I stepped on scale okay that's enough I want to play two days
that would be bad 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I think we're losing contact with reality at least I am I'm speaking for myself now I think that the QAM effect is just I'm just losing it
reality is boring anyway that's true who now wants to be a real
this is real
oh
all right
I beg your pardon you better not pick on Anne Murray she'll come to your house and beat the crap out of you and your whole family
man she what he will yeah it's a man be on Anne Murray or is it I think Anne Murray I think the name is there's a commenter it's Murray is the first name
remember Murray decay maybe this is Murray the A she is Canadian 5 6 7 0 5 60 come on let's get a whole bunch of calls on here all you pissed off people that are sick and tired of this
fascism man it's disgusting it's grotesque it is unacceptable is what it is WQAM hello
hi Mr. Rogers yes sir speaking me a lot of no if anybody voted for following how about library library is good L.I.B.A.R.
why instead of library extra George I hear you know that was a enthusiastic
exactly sure and I'm not Valentine's oh Valentine's with an M yeah outstanding your great paraphernaly
thank you Valentine's Day with Valentine be my Valentine no Valentine instead of Valentine and a library oh my god you got to be some kind of a moron to say library
absolutely people be laughing their ass off at you from coast to coast can you do me directions go to the library
and they look at you and say M oh R oh N right that's exactly what they'll spell it out for you because they figure you can't understand it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 all the literacy all the time I am so nauseated and disgusted and just roast out by these events that last several days
there are no words to describe it that I can say but I can always say that somebody QA and hello
hey I've got a couple words for you okay is this you Neil this is me oh okay all right I think recognize your voice for a second yeah this TV is this TV is good yeah how about
you know I have a good report with that first
oh that's it we've got February February oh I know and do we put that on there yet we talked about it yesterday okay we have to get that on there
okay thanks bye bye you got all this February for February
report instead of rap or what was the first one which is excellent dog forgot already oh come on what's what it do
well yeah but I'm oh there you go Josh what was it mischievous oh mischievous instead of mischievous right now be careful
how you spell those but well you know I mean after every scene that one on there that I think who put that on there that
peripheral oh I see I've been but what do you mean fabrics put it on there how is he putting stuff on our
website he's a chronic now get out of here which he go go to the track okay goes here catch some
simile casting put the three over the two five eight because when the three wins the two always hits the board
where's it the other way around yeah when the two wins the three always hits the board it's another one was
fabric right it's on your own boys and girls it's one of the two which is a model is to live by when the two horse wins the three always hits the board
oh and a five warmed up giant God in fact if if you would have told me fat rich was I instead of playing all these listen to me first
lifetime win in start number two this a two year old gilding off at our seven one one it clear by a couple
yeah I could just play horse racing a cost from the from the racing network here on my TV I'm a digital cable
if you would have just told me oh that's another one I've been told right well what we can do it entire ebonics pole if you're gonna
no no no no no see start first he started with that bone him that I was coming now he's getting to this but the
crab right now mister I'm telling you oh here's this is the fifth race from penational yesterday you know what pen
national in Philadelphia whatever I or is it where the hell is it I thought they had Philadelphia park I
guess this is the other one you just have Liberty Bell Park in Philadelphia great harness racing was a fine track
and they're out of business or do we put that on there we talked about yesterday business instead of
business we're doing it now okay but see there there's an unlimited number of these I bet you every hour we can come up
with at least maybe 30,000 if I take some calls but in the meantime we got to get this horse race on from pen
national get him in the gate wait wait I'm not I had horse just parted there we go open I've
gade alright Kenny alright there's what I feel broco for the lead good looking devil showing speed moving up on the
outside kind of a race following from between horses tie bird he on helium almost be guilty that's where
gildy was this morning it was a carnivorous is a pen national WQA and hello hey uncle yeah are you doing pretty good listen I'm I
usually watch a power on for lack of a better do you force at eight o'clock oh god well again there's not much to go with so
anyway to get to the point they had the cocky thing on last night I'm following also they probably had two sports
writers on what was a female and they were talking about it and she the late ending dinner name but she said you've been
showing the clip a thousand times all day long I don't really yeah they see that she's told of it and what what
did policy just look at her kind of like like a blank face for a while yeah like you miserable bitch don't
be on our parade we're having a good time with it but yeah like yes they must have done it out of spite today because as many times as they
show the yesterday they've they've upped the number by about triple today so it is anyway you know somebody with on there on TV last night spoke out against it good for her she's my whoever
she is my new hero alright take that right to or here they come now second with good looking devil far outside Thomas F looking to get
involved it's time to say Thomas F Thomas what you'll say that no we got enough problems already here a QM we don't need people
saying Thomas F Thomas G I think it was oh don't say that either you know what I think I got a new national anthem instead of the
star sphail banner yeah everybody say like that yeah
and facing a chair comatta on the inside driving up the lead in between horses essay revel to the
party out side with the raceway when I'm broke our outside comes terrific rain terrific rain flies up on right I have the
three over the two five eight by the way we're just just to cover it 27 past 11 at five five and 60 QAM from the folks you
brought you back man comes the latest in home video game entertainment I like it a lot was a little bonus
but the most disgusting program I heard everyone to complain to the station here's my story said but true about a girl called
syphilis so alright had a bug and ran it around gave it to every guy in town
Hey, hey, I'm a man, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
I bought a bowl always be with you, so stay away from the synthesize to, it's a good class I should have seen our size, so, nothing stands up a friend of mine, you got a factor now I've got it to, so, keep away from the synthesize to, yeah. Keep away from that girl, hope that I'm still in to now, keep away from soon.
She likes to sleep around, yeah, even sitting with my best friend, how
was it that I started to call?
Now I'm afraid it's falling off here's the load of the story from a guy who knows
used to have a hoes where this fungus grows and skinny food that she ever knew
I keep away from a simple mess to wear
I don't know what to do now
We're hopping in the time machine
Oh, won't you come along and tame?
No, here's the golden vector from WQAN
Right now
Here's my story, it's sad but true
Who's about a girl that I want to know?
She took my load and ran around with every single guy on the town
You not gone out of the road, stop it fanny mate
I want to tell her fanny what I heard above her sick, those stonies talking
I want to tell her everything I know
I want to break up the signifying, whoa, people say everybody's got to go
You know, Neil total rich, Richie told the burden for it's all any, any total mother
Tell her, rather two don't stop me talk
I'm gonna tell everything I know
You know like that
27 till note, Ed Dion, he's something else, you know what?
And he just like Richie, still wearing that same smelly cap
567-0560, let's see his Brian Sears in this race
14-1 in the Seven Horse Rich Brian Sears from the Middlelands, race number seven from last night
It's coming up momentarily with a great Ken working to not call
So we got a little bit of something for everybody today, you know what?
Yeah, you knew it?
What?
WQAM, hello
QAM, yes sir
Neil, where's the van supposed to be today?
Where's the van?
The QAM van, you said it was at the golf station?
11-1, it's supposed to be at Edwin Wads Golf, no, not at the golf station
Edwin Wads, golf's North Federal Highway location, a half mile north of commercial
Edwin Wads
Half a mile north of commercial
That's what it says here, I'm federal
I'll be darned, well I guess I got a flat tire
Okay, well the big, I'll take care of it for you, he'll fix it
He's got plenty of hot air
He'll pump it up
Yeah, WQAM, hello
Ladies and gentlemen
WQAM, hello
Yes, is this Neil?
Speaking
Neil, I've been away from the radio, maybe you've addressed this issue
But anyways, I called earlier the day to your offices down there and left my amaporta
Yes sir
And I was informed that it's truly erroneous that Joe and Mark have been dismissed
Is the chain of command such that nobody knows whether or not they still work there?
Well we know they don't work here, they were fired yesterday, they don't work here
Because I, I called to suggest that at least keep Mark with that NASCAR program, I'm not a big NASCAR
Mark doesn't do the NASCAR program, Joe doesn't NASCAR program, okay?
That's what I'm saying, excuse me, because they'll keep up that NASCAR program
And they say, oh no, they haven't been fired
Somebody told you that, who did you speak to?
Probably that of not just receptionist that I hear so much about on the other floor
Well she don't know nothing, okay?
Carl and Parker like a real human being would be good
Hit between horses
Battle smoke from the inside with piece of cake cosmos
Turned its Parker and a carland ace, carland ace and battle smoke
Because firing early here comes Sunhill's Alberto up on the outside from third as Parker urges on carland ace
Piece of cake cosmos is a fourth and trotting comfortably there with shadow on the inside fifth cup
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're all over the place today. I like it
Yeah, we got a whole new format here. Just make sure you don't put that playboy channel on whatever you do
Pass up the center
WQA. I'm hello
Hello Neil. Yes
Hey Neil how about for my New York friends
Golly and go B
What is it?
New York friends say all the ones are good going. I say good go B
Goldie
New York one yesterday lore L. A. W. R. as opposed to law
That's what the lore says
That's one of the most obnoxious even though there's so many of that northeast New York Boston kind of stuff
But that's one of the most obvious the lore. It's the lore
Like I like the Bible. It's folk lore
WQA. I'm hello
Um, yeah, I gotta just a few listen a couple of other things go ahead
Uh people who say I could care less when they really mean say I couldn't care less
Excellent one. I hate that. Oh, it drives me up a wall. It drives me nuts
Um, also at uh you said
Rock round clock was the first uh rock and roll song. Well, I mean that's why they'll that's what they let's say
Number one, I think but if they always say rock and 88 was the first one
Why do I?
88 Jackie Brinston is actually the I turner band. I never heard of it. Oh check it out. It's a good rock and number
Okay
Rock at 88
Jackie Brinston was listed as a singer but it was really the I turner band. Okay. Well, we'll look check it out in the do-up shop
Do land will land you
Then I was written about Drakebar a husky of the leaf
Is there anybody has any idea what we're talking about here today no?
No, good that's the way
We like it then we might actually have a chance to keep the show on a year
Once they start figuring out
What you're talking about then you gotta treble then you got real tourists
What put your word or phrase bugs you the most is what we're asking today on the O'Rodges dot com
Don't forget to take a peek behind a bait beat and curtain. We got Naomi Campbell who says that milk is a delish
313 votes is what we got at least there's no yogurt in that picture anyway, right? Right the buddy probably a lot of
Acts instead of ask 208 nothing is even close
Nuclear instead of nuclear or 68
Especially instead of especially 12 jewelry instead of jewelry 7
Relator instead of real there's six wit instead of with three library's got appear
Moot or moog instead of moot. I just that's idiotic Eric. Why did you do that periphery? Oh instead of peripheral two
February 1, Venice 1
Caribbean
Well, what is that? Where are these coming from?
That was me coming here. Okay. Well, what is that?
But Caribbean never heard something like Caribbean Caribbean
You see I hate to break the news to you mr. Shrimp, but it could be pronounced either way it can be Caribbean or Caribbean shrimp head
shrimp
Get that off of there. No
Man, oh man, we got a rocket scientist or what?
Valentine's instead of Valentine's told and stabbing told I've been told a million times
Spelt nobody called in told us what's spelled is it's a kind of wheat. I know that yeah
But I don't know what the deal is miss TV is instead of misdivis don't have any and I could care less is opposed
But I couldn't care less hasn't got any out of 32
Caribbean oh god, please let me out of here. I'm gonna jump right out the window
Right after the break right after you play a few more good oldies for you
Oh
It's stir-flippery
I always thought it was like a miscliff or a cliff-richer myself
19 till noon at 5.60 W to Q.A. and spring of the savings right now and save a ton of cash like never before on a new car truck from
Armstrongs Toyota homestead you'll find them on US 1 just 20 minutes south of the 836
Armstrongs Toyota homestead is worth the driving matter where you live to save yourself a crap load a new of cash on your new Toyota
Check out these unbeatable lease deals waiting for you right now and 0-4 camera your for runner for just
269 bucks a month for 48 months. How about an 0-4 highlander for just 309 a month if you need a truck
Here's a great deal and 0-4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America just a measly
179 bucks a month for 48 months these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's
Toyota homestead and with the tool increases on those people using cash now
Armstrongs Toyota homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck to
General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to even stand on their heed to get you to a great new Toyota today
So experience for yourself the armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally owned locally operated committed to 100%
customer satisfaction and doing it right for you their service department is even open late week nights to late to make sure your service work
Is done and done right easy to get there there at US one and 2.93rd in homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the 836
So please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promise under liver and get some of their dealerships under false
Pretends with a bunch of BS through the smart thing called David Rich armstrongs Toyota homestead GM a 305
2 4 2 3 2 4
That's 305 2 4 2 3 2 4
7 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead
Being gay in the world today takes everything you've got
Now you want to be legally married just because you squat
Wouldn't you like to get away?
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay
I hear that key West is okay
Okay, you want to be down on your knees your salad toss and go on
You want to go where everybody knows your gay
You
Engage in the world today. I think is really nuts
Your lifestyle makes his smile you like big hairy butts
But don't you hate those car key stains
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay
Okay, I
Think that less begins are great
I keep on the list right by you. Yes from a girlfriend seems okay
You want to go where everybody knows your game. All right
You would have been for your best friend put I say not is cake
You want to go where everybody knows your game
Oh
You
Of
You
Oh
All a motown all the time it's our new format starts at midnight tonight on QAM 13 till noon
And what are we gonna do without sports?
Well, we can have clearance hang around you can read the scores in between all the great motown hints
What do you say sounds like a leader to me you could do talk ups
Come on, Clarence
The all the ball scores the great piece of thebo
You didn't think I was going to let you do that, didn't you?
I 560WQAM, who's this on there? Who's this guy on CNN?
Nemo.
Captain Udo? Tell us what you did for that.
Academy Award-Wonning movie, we can call it.
Almost human.
By the way, the Johnny Debt pictures coming out. What's it called?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
A C.C. window, I think?
That's a secret window.
The thing about Johnny Debt, beside the fact that he's such a great guy,
and looks pretty good, that makes him a great actor.
You know what it is?
What?
He never is the same twice.
If you think all the different movies he's been in, he's always...
He's never Johnny Debt playing somebody else.
He's always some different freaky strings, whatever, you know?
Right.
Like Johnny Debt.
As opposed to like the actors that, well, like Spencer Tracy,
who was always the Spencer Tracy, I mean, no matter what, you know?
I hate to say it like Al Patino has become me.
Al Patino has become the same thing except the course, so that one.
Glenn Gary.
As a matter of fact, I don't even know if you were aware of this.
Did I have this?
What do you probably do?
Because you get a copy of the disc right?
The ACN disc.
No, no, I'm talking about Boker Bryan.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So, you know.
Nobody should talk to me in that way.
How are you talking to me that way?
Me.
How can you talk to me that way?
I'm like a cat.
I work here.
I didn't come here to be mistreated.
Not a lunch, believe me.
That's where I came in to work today.
That's why I come in.
I'll let you know.
That's why I came in here.
I thought.
I don't want to go to lunch.
I got a lunch, George.
Where did he get off?
Talk that way to a working man.
Yeah, we take it outside.
We have people trying to do business.
That's what I came in here for.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I mean, I mean, I mean, just stop what I did.
I mean, just stop what I did.
I mean, just stop what I did.
That's not right.
That's not as long as I...
Get out of here.
Will you get out of here?
Will you?
I'm trying to run an office here.
Now, will you go to lunch?
Go to lunch.
No.
Will you go to lunch?
No.
It sounds like he made Kevin a little spacey, yeah,
is what it sounds like to me.
What a great movie.
Glenn Gary Glenn Hill.
Glenn Ross.
Go out and a reddit by it, steal it.
You'll love it.
And that one, Arkin, is very underappreciated, you know.
And we want to dedicate that to that bitch of the Power 96 sales department,
who, whoever got Joe and Mark fired.
Hope you're real happy, honey, okay?
Hope that you're all pacified and calm down.
And you don't see no pornographic pictures, no more, on somebody's a monitor.
And the way to solve it is just to keep them blinders on.
Don't be taken to peak every now and then.
Probably a good idea.
Who the QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
I always love with Joe and Mark, man.
Hey, man, this man, they need to handle that right down, man.
I don't know.
And you can either hold that head or something.
Exactly.
They need the blueberry animals, what they need.
Hey, Neil, man, check this out, though, because,
why aren't you letting 80s, you know, we do the people like that.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, or something.
Pound five, six, the only 18.
See, no, the burning tire thing, that's the Cubans in Miami.
No, that's South Africa.
No.
Burning tires, you're forgetting now the alien days, man.
I'm not talking about the tire fires, I'm talking about the flaming necklaces.
Would you just forget about Africa, okay?
Just for until two o'clock, forget about Africa.
Please, pretty please.
Put away the bond goes, people are starting to talk.
You're in precious WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil, this is Tim, and I got another highly mispronounced word for you.
Okay, Tim, lay it on us.
Birthday.
What is it?
Birthday.
Birthday, B-I-R-F.
Birthday, yeah, my birthday.
Exactly, well said.
Thanks a lot Tim.
Okay.
And happy birthday.
Yeah, why do people we see in that?
I mean, I just don't get it.
See, the thing to me is when you hear other people speak,
and you hear them say, can I ask you something?
Then why do you say, well, ask me anything you want.
I don't get that.
I don't understand it.
You can hear the way other people speak.
You hear the way the word is supposed to be pronounced, and...
You just talk crap.
I don't get it.
When those other people are a different color, and you have contempt for their color.
No, well, what about nuclear?
Nuclear.
Oh, that's just a literacy.
Ginny Carter.
President, Bubba.
Are you picking on our president Bubba again?
Well, this one.
Double Bubba.
Good.
Rubba Bubba.
I think that's in the Michael Jackson thing.
Rubba Bubba.
5.670560, 560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
If you tune in late, we've had a real massive QA again.
Percipited by some sales bitch at Power 96,
who was offended by some images she saw on somebody's computer screen there,
in the Power 96 sales department in the bullpen,
whatever they call her thing, in the bullshmit pen.
And when crying demands, and of course management,
rather than handling it intelligently, and just saying,
well, let's give her an apology and it's unfortunate.
They got to go to corporate crying.
Oh, gee, we got a major problem here.
Oh, it's, you know, and corporate said, the fire's going to mark.
In the Joe and Mark and Vlad and Anthony, they're gone.
They're done.
They're fired.
And we're trying to do whatever we can to bring these people back to their senses.
And, you know, if you want to, like I said,
to spend them for a little while, cut off those big paychecks,
but cut the crap.
Okay, quit, quit disemboweling.
This radio station.
One is going to stop.
That's what you're saying.
You're saying the disemboweling of WQAM,
which is pretty damn strong words, but that's what they're doing to it.
You need a lot of, I guess because it's a sports station,
maybe it fits right in, you need a lot of an escort card
and a pencil with a bigger racer on it.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, this George.
Yes.
How are you?
Pretty good. How you doing?
I'm all right.
Want to speak to Neil?
Yes.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Let me just hang on one second.
Go ahead.
Just one for that down.
Hey, I want to let you know that your show is phenomenal.
It is.
That's phenomenal, too.
And the price is right, too.
And what it made to me is how little down here in South Florida you can listen to.
And what I can't get over is the, how this country is going exactly and reverse.
And what I'm wondering is, could you comment on why in the house
are we such a conspiracy?
What do you say why in the what?
Why in the heck, I'm sorry.
Why is this such a conspiracy?
I imagine it must go back to the puritan found.
Yes, that's right.
It's just incredible to me.
I mean, I sent an email the night that I heard about how we're going off.
Clear channel to the FDC.
It's just incredible.
I'm like, are we becoming a third world country?
I mean, here I'm sitting here.
I've got a computer that's got like 5,000 comedy bits in it.
And I've got to sit here peeing in my pants trying to figure out which ones will not offend Michael Powell,
which ones we can still play on here.
And we've been playing this stuff for like 20 years now, forever, for more than 20 years.
And Stern's been doing his act for over 20 years.
And now we got to cut this out and we can't do this.
And we don't want to offend him.
This is really scary and the public is just oblivious.
They just have to have a clue.
I agree with you 100%.
CNN is busy showing a hockey thing four million times an hour as opposed to saying,
hey, guess what?
The Bill of Rights is going down the toilet.
Absolutely.
In fact, to me, the only news that I can watch is the only news like a watch down here is BBC News.
Yeah, there you go.
Because the rest of it to me is totally tabloid nonsense.
In fact, I'm glad you mentioned that.
The state of heightened alert, prior to elections.
Well, no, we knew that.
There you go.
They're showing all embodies and Madrid now.
Let me ask you a question.
Where do you broadcast from?
Where do I broadcast from?
My apartment in Toronto, man.
Oh, you're living up there.
Well, I'm a good part of the time.
Interesting.
Because I'd love to go to work for you guys because I'm sure I...
Well, stay tuned.
There are going to be a lot of opening soon as when I'm here.
I'm sorry.
I said good luck, Kim Palley.
Take a care of yourself, Neil.
Keep up the good work.
Take it away.
Okay, don't step up before it's not because it's a paperwork in debt.
It's a lot of work.
It's a paperwork, just for what?
Yeah, you want to work here?
I need trouble now.
Things to my hours, okay?
You got it.
What is it?
Look at this.
At least 186 dead now.
More than a thousand who didn't know 10 glass of mud ridden from those...
Classic.
Yeah.
Those bastards.
That's wrong with a little Motown.
I think we get at least a two-shared, don't you?
Yeah.
I think that would teach them a lesson or two to start re-evaluating their whole approach
to life.
And this, this Greg Reed, you know, cowering off into closet somewhere and telling
Duff and clearance to come and tell me this and tell me to...
I mean, come on, grow up already.
Will you please?
You're supposed to be an adult.
You're supposed to be the general manager of three major market radio stations and you act
like some kind of a pussy man.
Will, oh, call tell Neil.
I didn't do this.
I didn't do that.
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
What a sad story.
11.56, four minutes till noon.
A QA.
And we got what's his name?
At two.
And then at four.
And then that hockey team to Florida at the seven o'clock tonight, seven thirty to game
time.
At Montreal to play the frogs.
You know, down on actors, nothing is more important than the safety of your family.
Unfortunately, thousands of Americans do die every year in home fires involving mattresses.
Now a common myth is that these are because of careless cigarette smokers, but statistics
really show that the vast majority of these fires are started by kids playing with matches.
CERDA now offers a new line of fire retarded mattresses called fire blocker to dramatically
slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape.
They're also a lot more comfortable, durable and supportive than ever, so you won't sacrifice
comfort for safety.
According to new regulations, all new mattresses are going to be fire retarded within a year,
but until then, CERDA is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard right
now is in today.
Down on mattresses, the only retailer can deliver a new CERDA fire blocker to you today.
So column at that toll free number, call 1-800-MACRUS for same day delivery.
Now the mattresses got CERDA fire blocker in the traditional double-sided design, so you
get two beds for the price of one with double the protection.
Down on mattresses takes your family's safety seriously.
You want to be doing the same.
They're proud to be among the nation's first retailers to offer this great new line of
fire blocker mattresses.
So for delivery like same day, column right now that we knock on on your door in no time
at all, call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-R-On line.
It's mattress.com
This is 42560-MACRUS 2-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800
2-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS-1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MacRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-
What a hundred!
Hey bud, you got a hot tip on the port.
You're the only one who can't get a hot tip!
I heard that private defile!
Oh my, I am sorry!
You point the Colonel's office on the double!
Why, yes, certainly.
For a port and a sorted Colonel Reed!
Well, that is private!
Thanks, sir!
And now look it, there's a mole in the company.
A mole, sir?
Yes, and I'd like to know who that might be.
Well, I, uh, I think it's you, sir.
There's a lot of brown though!
It's hell never!
Now it's me!
I'll run away!
Come away!
I don't think you have that mole!
You can't fight it!
You can't fight it!
I don't know what I've been doing!
I don't know what I've been doing!
Big leg is moving in, got no soul!
Big leg is moving in, got no soul!
Yeah, go!
Yeah, go!
Yeah, go!
Yeah, go!
Yeah, go!
One hole, yeah, go!
Yeah, go!
I'll be guilty!
I have!
Put your foot down with that squeaky voice!
You filthy!
Now drop and give me 24 shots!
Yes, sir!
Right now!
I'm too squeaky!
Too squeaky!
No, not that way!
No!
On top of Carol!
Ah!
Yeah!
No!
No!
Got anybody wanting me?
Oh, he's a barracks!
He's a new twin!
Come on, B!
Stop!
Got to get me there!
oh!
Oh, rock!
Everyone star is still dead, that's a bad news!
Tribal Threeogenous.
Dirtyere brain, what's your problem now?
Talking to me?
Yeah.
You sound like you're distracted.
Not me?
Good.
During the break I suddenly slipped on the thing and it went like, yeah.
But we made a quick recovery there.
Keep everybody on their toes.
That's the way to do it at QAM.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most.
Acts for ask 245.
Nuclear instead of nuclear 79.
Especially instead of especially a dozen.
And after that everything is single digits.
Like almost nothing.
In fact, told instead of told is God none.
And misTV is instead of misdivis is God none.
Out of fear there are two votes.
Spelt is God one.
Somebody knows what spelt is.
I'm telling you some kind of a weed.
Some kind of a weed.
A weed?
Weed.
Smoke some.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hello, I'm calling for NEO.
Speaking.
Hey, how are you?
Let me turn the radio down.
Okay.
Listen, first of all about Joe.
He is like the perfect employee.
I mean, that guy is a very stand up guy and, you know, he knows the rules.
And he, you know, I can't imagine.
This is like a crazy thing.
So anyway, I'll move on.
But we were talking about the big old being at the golf ad-winds golf today.
Oh!
They owe.
And this is what he says.
He always says field gold.
Now that's not.
Field gold?
Yeah, he always says field gold.
Field gold.
I've never, let me tell you.
Other people say it too.
Did they kick a field gold?
No, I never heard that in my life.
It's a field gold.
Sounds like something somebody extraordinarily illiterate and idiotic would say.
Field gold?
He says it all the time.
Field gold.
Okay.
Anyway, that was a big old thing.
Okay, thanks, Polly.
So glad you're on the air, bro.
Me too, at least for today.
See you.
I can talk to you later.
Okay.
I have a field gold.
Don't put that on there.
It's the big old.
The big old.
I think you made it up.
Oh.
That could be the best song ever made.
The Isle of Brothers, this whole heart of mine.
I think if I had to ask right now if you put the pressure to me, I'd say that's the greatest
song ever recorded.
Oh, baby.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
See, there you go.
What?
Yeah.
I doubt it.
Boy, you're full of crap.
How do you like that?
Well, it's not the best song ever.
No, no, five at five, 60 WQM at two o'clock this afternoon.
We got the **** dog.
At four we got the Hebrew ****.
And then at seven it's Panthers.
Seven thirty to Panthers at the Montreal **** frogs.
Any **** from a Vegas at 10 thirty.
And then at two to five in the morning we have, and I say this with a heavy heart and
deep regret and great tremendous humiliation, embarrassment and scorn sporting news radio two
to five in the morning.
Wow.
Holy moly is all I can say to that.
In fact, you know something, playing all these from two to five in the morning would be better
than the sporting news radio.
There you go.
At least temporarily till they come to their senses and put you in mark back on again.
Don't you think?
Why not?
Maybe they could come back and just do that.
Now you're getting carried away.
Because they probably have some stripper in there in the background, you know, while they're
playing the oldies, God only knows what they'll be doing.
You know those guys.
Yeah, I did.
How about you, you walk around the Alstair?
Is he dead?
Let's check it out.
Go to that site.
Yeah, go to that Ditor alive site.
In fact, check out Greg's brain while you're on that Ditor alive site.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
I was listening a little bit yesterday with the words and the mispronounce and whatever.
And I got a couple here.
Okay.
Well, this one's on my amy thing.
It's a big thing.
When they want to say mine as in, you know, mine possessive, they say mines with an acid
in.
That's mines.
Really?
Yeah.
And then what about people who speak ebombs and they put two E.Ds on the end of the
word like?
Like I liked it in him?
Like it is.
Like getting it like farted in it.
Like farted in it.
Like farted in it.
Absolutely.
I loved it in him.
I liked it in him.
Yeah.
And then one that really pisses me off and I'm always correct in people on this.
And even some are intelligent people say this.
But the word ebombs doesn't exist.
It's regardless.
Yeah, we talked about the ESD.
I'm glad you reminded me because that definitely should be honored in a lot of votes today.
Excellent.
People always say ebombs are regardless and there's no single ebombs.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Thanks, amigo.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, get that on there right away.
That's the most important one.
You're regardless.
You're as opposed to regardless.
There ain't no irrigation but there ain't no irregardless.
There's irrigation in another course of QN.
There's irritation.
Right.
Have you do the irritation?
In fact, I feel like a scratch.
Right.
That's right.
My royals are starting to pop.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
And you two the beesleaves over there are Naples man-oh man.
When you people know about radio, you can put in a symbol and have room for fat boys
asked left over in there.
Oh, as fat boys left over.
Right.
Careful.
Sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 6, 8, 8, 10, you see part of the problem with this whole thing that
came down with Michael Powell and the FCC and these religious goody-touchy crazy people,
part of the problem is that nobody understands it, even them.
But when you create this extension of it to the point where you're so paranoid and
psychotic about everything and anything, then it just becomes, you might as well just
shut it off.
See what I'm saying?
You guys will just shut down or just play a lot of music.
Hold the music.
Not after while I leave Zed out.
Motown, because we know what the hell was going on in Motown.
Out of that.
A lot of bullets flying in Motown.
I don't know what the hell I am.
Smokey Robinson in the Miracles and Oobabie baby.
Oh, that sounds a little close to the line.
Tammy Tarell still dead.
And Marvin Gaye is still dead.
It sounds like a Max Maiden purgatory to me.
Hey, Marvin.
You're crazy.
This could be the greatest record in history, you know?
I think so.
But that's why you don't like Marvin Gaye.
I don't just start.
George's anti-gay, you know, like Marvin.
Gaye, you like to be like Marvin Blom, man, but not Marvin Gaye.
Gaye is all I do.
I was going to play the whole thing.
Always banging times.
I know, I know, you know, you win.
You'll never be able to beat me up to him.
Oh!
No looking back for a moment.
No.
We got the shoulder that you've got.
Are you sure?
You're all you're all I need.
Absolutely.
Man, that's it.
That's the award winner right there.
You ain't heard nothing yet.
I'm going out today and buying $50 million worth of music.
You believe me?
No.
No.
Well, how about $50?
We got lots.
Maybe how about $30 bucks Canadian?
That's about $20 bucks US.
Anyway, it's $11 past noon at 560 WQM.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked,
and would like to have a new high-paying career and a real life for a change.
But you don't have all the cash in the four years that takes to invest in college.
Here's the answer for you.
Just make one EC call.
See, I wish we had a way to do that on there too on this poll.
We're doing it.
They were they pronounced the S like New Jersey and EC.
But there's no way to do that.
Is there?
No, I don't know.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
It's EC.
Anyway, this is easy too to change your life call fast train until free at 1-866 fast train
because they can have you train and certified for a brand new high-paying computer network
professional career in his little eyes for short months.
That's true.
You can be fully trained already for your new career in his little eyes for a count of short months.
Fast train offers day evening and weekend classes to fit around your schedule too.
They offer job placement assistance financially for people to qualify.
Fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve.
You said his body would be one convenient to where you live.
Don't delay.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then pick up that instrument
and make the call that could change your life give your real career
and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Call them today at 1-866 fast train and be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck
and at sales brought at power 96.0 to call.
Freedom fair, freedom fair, let's bury our hands.
Freedom fair, freedom fair, let's bury our hands.
I'd wonder showing that the virtuosie hit again.
Bob Dirtman.
Over and over 30 times every minute.
And when they show it from the side, it's he belongs in jail.
I'll tell you that we're in it.
That's a salt.
Sure.
That's a salt is what he did.
That's got nothing to do with hockey.
This Bob McKenzie was supposed to be this fan ass
and one of these 8 million hockey experts up here.
He was on this morning on one of the 85 sports channels,
Hock and a Chinook, and going on about,
well, you know, it's part of our game of a bond,
even though this is a defensive and making some excuses.
That's not part of any game.
That's a salt.
Gramps think I've got a back of the jersey
so we'd bring him to a halt, blind size and from the,
smack something ahead from behind and then pummel him down to the ice
so that it hits his, and it was going to hit him again
before he got restrained.
He's not a violent person, he says.
No, I'm so sorry.
I apologize.
Too late.
Too late, screw you.
Rtuzzi gets the next 12 games of the season
plus the playoffs.
He's got a half a million bucks.
The team is out 250,000 of conucks.
And he ought to be just banned from the game.
Set an example, and I put his crap already.
All this tearful bull crap.
I heard that bitch that calls a mo about hockey.
What else her name, Shelley, whatever her name is,
that 80-year-old bitch.
I think she's the one I was in the game that night with the binoculars.
A cost of me outside of Macarena.
Oh, how come you just sit there during the game?
I watch you the whole night with the binoculars.
I said, why don't you watch the game instead of worrying about me?
I think that's her.
Going out of, oh well, she saw his apology last night
and it made her feel a little bit bad for him.
Yeah, right.
Right, Shelley.
Typical QAM hockey expert.
Just like the guys he was talking to, Mo and the big...
Oh!
They know they're hockey crap.
WQAM, hello.
I just got two words for you.
Probably and rockwiler.
What was it? Rockwiler?
It's got rockwilers.
I never heard that.
A lot heard it many, many times.
They probably said it, but I ain't never heard it.
Okay, close by.
Okay, thanks.
Probably.
You got that?
As opposed to probably?
Mm-hmm.
Man, what kind of a lazy ass?
That's how many lazy asses that?
Sure.
Probably.
Save a lot of time when you add it all up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And a very treacherous Thursday, March 11th.
I'll tell you that right now, boys and girls.
Things are not looking good on your radio dial.
Things are getting darker and darker and grimmer and leaner and leaner.
Make no mistake about it.
WQAM, hello.
Ed, you.
Yes, sir.
I got another word for you.
How about something?
Ed, somebody asked you to add something?
It's actually something.
Yeah, that's even worse when they use them both.
Yeah, that's great.
My niece says that sometimes drives me nuts.
What do you have to add to that?
Sack a right-hand headwind.
How old's your niece?
Oh, sir.
Sack a right-hand head.
Sack a right-hand head.
Drive me nuts.
All right.
Thanks, Kelly.
Something.
Can I ask you something?
How are you going to spell that?
S-U-M-P-I-N.
Something.
S-U-M-P-I-N.
Yes, something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
See this list could go on forever.
I've heard so there are thousands.
Thirty-thousand, different things that people mispronounce and butcher and just mangled.
And that's because there ain't no such thing as education in America.
They just continue with this.
What do they call it?
Social promotion, man.
Well, you know, here's so many years of age.
We got to move you ahead because otherwise it's too embarrassing.
Even though you can't spell squat.
Can't, as you make it,
make it X where your name is supposed to be on a contract.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Deal.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of foreign up there on the list,
but I don't know if this is a speech problem where they say,
scrape first, scrape.
They say what?
Screpe first, scrape.
They put a little squirt.
SCR, set a thing in a street.
They say, scrape.
Ain't never heard that one no more.
Scrape, they say, scrape.
Yeah.
You never heard that one?
Yeah.
I think the pros say that a lot.
I never heard that.
Check it out.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Get the choice dreadford and see what he says.
I don't know how to scrape anything down.
I had a lot of it.
That's a bonnix that is best for it.
It is?
Screpe.
Well, you sure seem to be an expert on all this stuff.
He must hang out with a bunch of shims.
Yeah.
He hangs with the homies.
That he really?
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
Of course with what he's making, they're going to probably move
out of the hood pretty soon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, hi.
Talk to Neal.
Speaking.
Oh, hey, Neal.
I got a word for you there.
It's a cross instead of...
Cross is magnificent with a T-ony.
You bet you.
I hear that a lot.
I hear that a lot.
And also on your website, there was this extremely interesting article about the family members
of 9-11 responding to Rush Limbaugh's State Day of the other day.
And if you go on that 9-11 family member website, they have an extremely interesting about 25 questions that they're asking about 30 men.
About 30 questions that are unanswered by the Bush administration.
They're really pointed and it makes for some good reading.
So I recommend that whoever's listening.
Yeah, there's a link to it right on the history.
Yeah, it's exactly.
It's outstanding.
Anyway, Neal, love your show.
Thanks, Paul.
All right, man, bye.
See ya.
Let's go across the street.
Okay, what are you saying?
All right, get some fruits.
No, you're not doing it right.
I am...
Some seeds.
There you go.
See, when he says that I keep thinking like, no seeds.
Right?
It sounds a little bit like it.
No seeds.
We got those in here, too.
Oh, yeah.
Bugs, you're hell out of me.
Can't see them.
Can't afford to have an exterminator.
I think that's what we need at QAIM.
If you catch my drift, we need an exterminator.
And what we need at QAIM.
Yeah.
A lot of insects.
A lot of insects and rodents running around on the loose.
We need an exterminator at QAIM.
Man, maybe we oughta send somebody a message.
You call Joey Zaza.
Greatest Canadian girl pepperloaf I've ever lived.
I'll take it that right now.
I mean, Burton's coming to ain't no on Mori-Anne, but...
Way to go.
Have you been around?
Have you done your share of coming down?
No.
Like I said, this could be the greatest song in the history of music.
Have you been aware of...
Yeah.
You already got brothers and sisters.
You don't like your song?
What do you like the most?
You're the greatest, that would be.
You're the greatest.
Make no mistake, I'm blue today.
Oh, right.
There are better Canadian group than how about Rush?
They're not as good as...
Guess who?
No, the little bit different.
It's tough to compare them because one's modern and one's not.
Right.
But still, guess who is the best?
Guess who is just impeccable, man?
Great.
Burton's coming, what a voice.
See.
What a talent.
In fact, they were here last summer at that stone's thing, the Assar's deal.
Sars gate.
Yes, they were.
Whatever that stuff is.
And so was Rush.
And the cake had poppin' pills.
Or on Rush.
And also, what's that other group I keep telling you about that you never heard of?
Joey...
In the Assar line.
What?
Joey, you know, whoever that is.
Great group.
Reynolds.
What is it?
Joey Reynolds in the Rats.
Rats in my room by Joey Reynolds and Tom Shannon.
That one's coming up.
We'll find that.
How about your book of Rines got it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Oh, listen to this.
How spans moves to ban lawsuits, blaming obesity crisis on a fast food industry?
They had two lunatics debating on crossfire yesterday.
What an novelty.
Both idiots.
One attorney.
And he didn't even understand the Republican Congressman from Michigan keeps throwing at him.
Well, you know, there's a big difference here.
Nicotine is addictive.
And he didn't really have the right answer.
The right answer is so is fast food.
So are we fine carbohydrates?
That's why everybody is so fat.
So here's a lawyer that wants to sue all of these fast food giants.
And he doesn't even understand the facts.
And I'm going to say it again.
If you can sue Philip Morris and all these other tobacco companies because they hook you on addictive nicotine and because cigarettes kill,
see at least they put it on the package now for the last many, many years.
But third man.
They put it right on the package practically a skull and crossbones warning the surgeon's enemy is determined,
you're going to get lung cancer infancy when you're going to die if he smoked his crab.
When's the last time we went to Mickey D's and on the back of the fries, the little red fry box,
does it say is there a warning on air skull and crossbones that says, MacDeath?
No, there's a smiley M.
Yeah, there's a little smiley Ronnie McDonny, whatever the hell it is.
Powder crap.
So if you can sue the tobacco companies, you're sure it's all going to be able to sue the fast food giants because they hook you on addictive refined carbohydrates.
And it's not a myth.
It's absolutely true.
Trust me when I tell you.
Okay?
Trust me.
Or not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th.
Did we get the name of that broader power 96 yet, by the way?
No.
Because I think what I'll do is I'll buy a full page head and in a hero, I have page and the hero in the sun,
sent them and put it in there.
Say, here's the broad that got Joe and Mark fired because he was so offended because WQM and power 96 are
because Greg Reed is running on nut house there and everybody's pissed off and offended and bitter and hateful and the stabbing each other in the back in the front in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
And then they can stick it in the back side.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this WID?
No, it's WQAM.
So QAM, I'm sorry.
That's what I said.
We are too.
I'm just struck that you even thought that.
I'm sorry.
We're not popping any pills over here yet.
Go ahead.
When I was college, I worked at Long Island Silver.
And they used to come in and order swims and an urn strength.
Wow.
Swims?
Swims?
I'm talking about getting the hang of that now.
Yeah.
Let's have lessons.
All right.
I'll get my jones.
Okay, thanks.
Bye-bye.
We could do language live.
Hey, Brian.
Hey, you can have some strips in an orange ring.
Swims.
I don't.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I gotta get around.
I just passed noon at 560 WQM.
You're illiterate station for the new millennium.
You're a hospital station.
I think I just did this spot, but we'll do it again.
Because, you know, we don't want to mess with my log.
Speaking of inhospitable.
Well, you sure survived it yourself with a bunch of real prizes there, Greg.
A lot of very pleasant people, you know?
Right.
Like the Awater Nazi.
And that bit screw in.
That's the problem there.
But of course, those people are there for life.
For the duration.
You know what I mean?
They have a life time.
And I think maybe because they have the pictures.
Speaking of images and pictures.
I think they have the pictures.
You know, Donald Matris knows nothing is more important than the safety of your family.
Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die of a year at home fires involving mattresses.
A common myth is that these are careless cigarette smokers.
Statistics, however, reveal that the vast majority of these fires are started by a little kids playing with matches.
Or maybe even bigger kids.
Certain now offers a new line of fire-retarded mattresses called fire blocker
to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape.
They're also more comfortable, durable and supportive than ever, so you won't sacrifice comfort for safety.
According to the new regulations, all new mattresses are going to be fire-retarded with an ear, but until then.
Cert is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard now as in today.
Donald Matris is the only retailer who can deliver a new certifier blocker to you today.
So call 1-800-Matris now for same-day delivery.
Donald Matris has got certifier blocker in the traditional double-sided design, so you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection.
Donald Matris takes your family's safety seriously and they're proud to be among the nation's first retailers
to offer this new line of fire-blocker mattresses.
So sleep's safe tonight and for a long time to come, like I've been doing for years, with a mattress from Donald Matris.
Call 1-800-Matris, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out online at mattress.com.
Live and local!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
We're sports radio 560, she went UAM!
Right now!
Oh!
You're...
You're as cold as ice!
You're as cold as ice!
You're willing to sacrifice our love!
This is a little tease for the new formatacum.
UAM started midnight all the oldies all the time.
We turned back to the UAM time machine.
Ironically, the new formatacum.
The new formatacum.
Right!
And look how big those numbers were back in the day!
Including the first song I heard in America.
Yeah, really?
Yeah, really?
Those guys.
Underrated, you know?
Of course, a lot of people don't like foreigners.
Why are they so underrated?
They're great.
I agree with you.
Don't you think they're underrated?
I mean, yeah, they are.
But I like great groups.
Who the hell mentions foreigner?
Nobody.
Too many foreigners.
That's the problem.
Coral springs high seniors.
Su's actor, ACT score is rejected.
This is, this is almost is shocking and scandalous
as the unconscionable firing of Joe and Mark and Flan
in Anthony.
A high school senior suing the giver
of an national college assessment exam after rejected
the score she'd received on her second try,
saying she'd shown too much improvement and suggesting
that she cheated.
The ACT assessment test rejected Robin Silverberg's score
after she shot from the 34th percentile to the 86 percentile
on her second attempt six months later, telling her
family that such dramatic improvement is statistically
impossible.
The rejection is endangering her admission to the University
of Central Florida.
Stupid statistics at Silverberg was a 3.9 grade point average
at Coral Springs High.
She's got a 3.9.
She said she improved because of private tutoring
because she'd learned that guessing it answers
she didn't know wouldn't hurt her or a score
and because she was feeling less anxious on her second try.
She said there were only 20 students in the room with several
proctors making it impossible to cheat.
Her attorney, Stuart Carlin, no relation to George,
who was on with the Iman this morning,
filed suit yesterday in Broward Circuit Court
challenging the ACT arbitration methods
to take the test students must have really used binding
arbitration instead of finding a lawsuit.
The settling disputes for Carlin so that method favors
the company.
Ken Gillette spoke to him for the Iowa based company
decline comment today.
The act is used similar to the S18 is most property
in the Midwest and the South and give it about too many times
here when you go around and good luck your sweetheart.
Let him have it.
Crazy bastards.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
This they show today, man.
I feel like I'm having another one of those out of
body experiences.
Yeah, I'm just I'm just disgusted and nauseated man.
I mean, where the hell is it?
Stop already.
It doesn't where does the madness stop in this place?
How many years have I been saying it when can we get
our feet like one or two toes on the ground?
When can all of this crap finally come down and settle
on the ground and have a little bit of stability already?
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
I don't know.
What Burtard word or phrase bugs you the most?
That's our poll question today.
494 votes.
I'll tell you the ones that don't have any yet.
Across.
Now how can that have no votes?
I just want to know.
Oh.
No, no, not see.
First of all, part of the promise because Josh is
illiterate across.
Not for a crossed look at what he's got.
I don't I don't see it on the bottom.
Last one.
Yeah, that's what we talked about.
No, across for a cross across.
Not a crossed.
There's no such word as a crossed.
See it with an easy.
I mean, that's what we hear people saying that.
No, no, you know, the bad one is the first one across.
For a cross.
Do you understand?
I don't think he even understands how we're doing this.
The first he asked about it.
That's what I thought.
We all thought that we all thought what that it's that way.
No, any that way across for a cross.
That's what Jesus said my life for a cross Jesus Christ probably for
probably don't have any Mister,
Miss TV is for misdivis none.
Something is only out one.
Well, let me tell you something, my crowd, my friend.
Peripheral for peripheral to spell for spelled is God to I'm telling you it's kind of a wheat.
In fact, they have some restaurants, some artsy, artsy restaurants where they have.
Pizza made with spelt flour.
Okay, okay, I never taste.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Moode or moog point for moode point three.
That's so weak, man.
It is so lame.
It's got to be most of these.
They were voted three times birthday again misspelled B.I.R.F.D.A.
Why not B.E.R.
Then it's all how about birthday?
That's how it's pronounced birthday, but that's not how it's spelled.
If you're going to spell it wrong, then it's then spell it right.
Yeah, then spell it right.
That's right.
You can pronounce it wrongly.
If you're going to spell it right, B.I.R.F.D.A.
Why birthday for birthday?
Why would you change the item?
E-Man.
If they're right wrong spelling on you.
E-Man, what a shimpere.
What a shimpere.
Toad for told is God three.
February for February's God three.
Valentine's for Valentine's is God three.
Whit for Whit.
Six is in Gigi with it.
Jewelry for Jewelry seven.
Library for Library eight.
Irregardless for regardless ten.
And it really pisses us off.
Binis for business ten by New Like Sam Binis.
Fun Sam Binis.
Our realtor as opposed to Reolder 12.
I could care less as opposed to why couldn't care less 16.
Especially instead of especially 19.
Like the McGuire sisters and especially for you.
You know, lying good.
But I never say.
Nice going John Kerry.
Say it again.
Lion Bush of Crooks.
Especially 19.
Nuclear for nuclear 92.
And acts instead of ask 300 are kind of.
Oh, you're asking you a question.
Okay.
They're sick and tired of it.
Let me ask you when you're going to stop.
You're going to cut it out.
No.
Just action.
Wow.
What a day.
I'm sure that my neck is aching my whole.
My whole I feel like I'm just the way to the world is on my gross old shoulders.
From this whole deal.
From this whole ordeal.
And yesterday I was taking them.
We're having a pretty good time.
Life is you know, going along.
Talk about.
But every time and plus we were given such bad information yesterday.
That's what really frost my ass.
Given some bad information we thought that you and Mark had recently gone way over the
edge and something grotesque and unacceptable.
It's so bad that we required them being canned and then we find out this is all a much
you do about nothing.
A big stimulus about an image that appeared on somebody the friend of theirs website.
Seven months ago back in September.
God just think all the things that you did back in September that we are probably all
would be in jail for you know.
Well there you go.
Twenty to one at five sixty Q. I. M.
My life and love.
This is for 205.
We can we have.
It's all when you're out.
It's all when you're out.
I.
They told you when you.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
Everybody.
Everybody.
Everybody.
I.
I.
I.
Are you sure.
Here.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
If filed from me and for five cents and seven.
Whatts going on?
What is the big doesn't belong alone.
He's had great time.
He was born in Mildoline.
morning. It was more in the big. Wow, that was a really painful.
What the Omo show? The Omo. No, the Omo show is on now. I'm a
Homo WQA and hello. Hi Neil, here's it for you, etc. Instead of
etc. Oh, then we mentioned that yesterday. That's a fabulous one. Yes.
I'm sorry. Okay. No, no, that's okay because we forgot about it today. Thank
you. You're welcome. Bye. Bye.
etc. Now you're going to get this right. You're going to spell
a right X E X C E T E R A as a point. Oh, come on.
At, huh? Don't nit pick. No, we got a nit pick because I mean if we have
a like double whammy, yeah, verse. He's got it right now.
Birthday. B R F D A Y. By the way, unhappy anniversary, Mo. Okay. You miserable old
koot. You should have heard them calling. He had he had more to do about his
second anniversary on here in this radio station. A couple of Fridays
ago, 28 years on a year in this town, 28th anniversary, which is almost
a third man. And it was not a couple of people. Happy anniversary. You know, like
it's nothing no more, you know. I think the rest of us ought to get some kind of
a prize, some kind of a medal for enduring two years of him and his
cantankerous behavior. Sorry, in the verse three, too.
Misrable nasty cantankerous, daughtering old clown.
W. Q. A. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to talk about another word. I
actually heard me. Neal make a mistake on it yesterday. Yeah.
It's orangutan. Not orangutan. Right. That's right. The G is on the end of
like prune tang, but not orangutan. Yeah, there's no G on orangutan.
Yeah, absolutely correct. It's orangutan.
Excellent. Okay. And precious by the way, it's really pissed off when they call
her like a monkey. Okay, thanks, Palli. Okay.
But we're not going to put that on there because nobody uses that word anyway.
But he's right. Every where we all call it orangutan, but it's orangutan,
which if you watch passions, believe you me, they've straightness out on that many, many times.
No, it's not a monkey. It's not a, it's not an orangutan. It's an orangutan.
And speaking of, yes, things like that. All these figurative men saying,
crow magnon, man. Crow magnon. Yeah, it's, no, it's cromanion.
Like filet manion. No. Yeah. Who told you that? The scientists.
I watch this Discovery Channel and all these archaeology shows.
Cromanion from actually made a point. It's like, yeah, it's French.
Filet manion. No, it's not cromanion. It's cromanion, man.
Okay, I'll tell you what, Mr. Smarty pants. Yeah, look it up.
All right, whistle a while here.
You'll laugh with that television.
Well, guess what, Mr. Smarty pants. Both are acceptable, but the first one, which is always
preferable is crow magnon. Oh, man. With all due respect to the dictionary,
they have everything in there as acceptable, including everything on that list.
You know, I'm telling you right now, crow magnon is number one.
All right, I've said it that way all my life and I'm not going to stay cromanion,
because nobody will know what you're talking about.
You know, they know who we're talking about. Absolutely.
Greg. They know that.
The old magnon. Okay, so finally here, one pretty old man.
Oh, they're both okay. Are they okay?
Okay. Good. I'll speak into that.
Speaking of people who've gone back into the stone age, well, I guess maybe he just
did a bit of the job that he had to jump on us.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, I'm Daniel. Yes, sir.
Sir, how you doing?
I'm a couple of things.
I don't have somebody to talk about this.
I just talked about straights that were straighter straights.
I had an experience about that without words.
It's the opposite of straights.
I was pumping gas over and popping out of my track and I was watching them and tried to tell me something.
So he's asking me if I'm straight.
Meaning straights.
I don't know.
Anyway, the other thing is this F-D-C thing.
It's, it's, tell me if you think this is a reasonable analogy.
It's like generously just kind of run wild and go crazy out and then they,
finally they get to the point where they say, okay, they're going to smash the
mojavecies.
They can stop to prevent what they're doing.
I don't know. It's a mess.
What are we going to do now?
The best we can.
Thank you, buddy.
Okay, hang in there.
What else can we do?
What are we going to do?
We're going to sit like we're going to start screaming and hearing on.
And we are.
What are we going to do?
Do the best that we can.
I mean, I'm finding stuff in here and I know that I played a couple of things today and
they're probably like, oh gee, do you hear that?
Well, listen, I'm not psychic and I'm not going to start dumping every day in a bit that we
play in here.
We've got over 5,000 comedy bits.
Right?
Right.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about a couple of things.
If I had my brothers, I would like, you know, probably bleep the couple of things out.
Well, that's the way it goes.
That's the way it goes, eh?
I mean, it's not like anybody should expand.
I mean, when people that are making the rules up don't even understand them themselves,
how in the name of Jesus,
they're supposed to understand them.
And when you're working for people who have no idea, see, this is what gets me.
It hits me in the perfect, like a big gigantic lard.
The idea that people who haven't got any idea what talk radio is all about,
these are sports nerds that are running this place.
That's all I know about is games.
And they certainly don't know about talk radio that isn't sports oriented.
They haven't got a clue.
They haven't got a freaking idea what this show is all about.
So we especially, and of course,
Joe and Mark also, because they weren't doing a sports show.
In fact, maybe that's why they're gone, huh?
We especially.
Especially those of us who aren't doing sports shows talking about other things,
anything in the world, besides the same old-pired sports.
Right.
I noticed Clarence Boy, she had her tail between her legs this morning when he came in.
Brother.
Very cheapish, if I can say that.
Can I say that?
No.
Very...
Goatish.
Well, of course, if I go...
Aisha could have said Jewish.
Oh!
She'd be true in his case.
And then poor muff, you know, he's the pimp.
Muff is the pimp.
He's got to be the intermediary.
Well Greg wanted me to tell you this.
I have had more messages passed along in the last three or four days,
by way of the muff master.
He's the interpreter.
I guess Greg don't speak in English speaking about pole today.
We've got a general manager to no speak any lace.
So we have to have an interpreter, an intermediary, to pass the messages along
to those people who don't have the balls to speak to direct.
Well, that's my message to you, Greg.
What a disgrace.
I mean, how long can you go through life like an overgrown child?
What a Ohio.
See, isn't this more relaxing?
Sure.
The musical.
I don't like that one, though.
There you go.
I like to listen to a lot more small tea than it, waiting for a brew like you.
I'm not a dedicated, epic, clearance.
Well, I don't think we can play that.
No.
Believe it.
Feels like the first time.
Oh, god only knows what they might be talking about.
Okay.
I think we could play this, though.
Want to?
Pulling through the lyrics in my head.
I think it's funny.
I think it's safe.
This one looked in good cheer.
It was actually obviously a piece.
Virgin.
Virgin.
How exciting, isn't we definitely can't be playing no models.
No way.
I feel like I'm dead.
There's a couple of them.
That's it. This is as much as we were planning to that.
5670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Now what's the story of Joe and
Mark and reinstated the inter-what? I don't know. Well why not? Haven't the muff and the
clearance come in here instead of anything is, huh? We don't have another memo slipped
under the door. It's a more bad misinformation. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Ambulance. No, ambulance. No, ambulance. Call me an ambulance. Ambulance. So I think they say
don't they? Those people who speak like that. Yeah, like the guy in the, if you're the
fit with the guy in the phone booth, I think Bob and Tom doesn't. We're a dear attack. No, I
acted them. Okay, I know when the ambulance pulls up, pal. Ambulance. Are we going to put that
under or not? I don't know how you spell that. Whatever. I am kind of ambivalent about ambulance.
5670560. Look at that. 331 votes for Axe in Estetta ask, but also 100 now for an
nuclear instead of nuclear. Our president such as he is, but what is concerned about a nuclear
attack sounds like puke. And every time I see him, I go nuclear myself. WQA and hello.
Hi, I'm Neil speaking. Hello. Yes, I am. Now it is Neil. Yes. Hey, I got a couple of
words. Let's have words later. Okay. Instead of saying roof, they say rough. Rough.
Rough. And if they say sandwich, sandwich. Sandwich. I hate that sandwich. Thanks, pal. I see
on the roof. Now how are you going to spell that roof? Well, I'll leave it up for you.
Yes, he's got. Are you a roof? Rough. As opposed to roof. And sandwich, S-A-M-M-I-C-H.
Sure. Instead of sandwich. Of course, who wants sandwich? Anyway, the whole sandwich was
the behind that right? Sure. He was one of the chromagman, man, I believe. Inventive
finger foods. No, that was a ruckus. How are he just? 56. Then the great movie, by the way,
you want to go see something really immorbit and the print and very bizarre. The hitcher would
see Thomas Howell and Rector Hower. And who's the bitch at the brother kid? Jason Lee?
Yeah, Jennifer Jason Lee. No, she ain't no small potatoes. What? What? I said she's between
a rock and a hard place. Oh, rock and a. Sorry.
My. Been. This is 4205 City.
You. You. Yeah.
Pound. This is Rosie O'Donnell. And the clock of my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers
one to two. And the way we go. Everyone loved William Hans bang up job on American Idol.
And now all of William Hans greatest hits are on one amazing CD. It's hung up on
Hans. One, two, three, four. Five, maybe it's in home. It's not wrong because she
rub me soul and you tie me up a shoulder. Yes, from Outcast to Jailo. Everyone's hung up
on Hans. Jailo in the house. Don't be fooled by a rock that I got. I hear a huge
beer from Brock. He used to have a little. Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't
get him out of hung up on. You can fire me in a club. Fire for a club. I got what you
need. If you hear a beer. It's worth a lot more than 50 cent. Order now and you'll also
get this free bonus CD. An American Idol loser sings the American Idol winner.
Oh, fair and rough. What happened to me since I've been there. No wrong I need to be
the best. Go by or you when the wrong is true. William Hans hung up on hung is only available
for the next 15 minutes of his fame. So don't delay. Calm now.
Oh, like I said, that could be the greatest record of all time line eyes by the Eagles.
That could be in that's my favorite going to take a bathroom break record. Oh, not
going to take a one break. Six minutes forty. Oh, is it really 6.48? 6.24 get around.
Get it. What do you just say? Oh, God said. Oh, dude. I do love the Eagles, but I just
I realize it's a little bit of a nose pick in the element to the game. Don't mark the
beans on your point there. Oh, no. Are you serious already gone? I know. I got nobody else
there. And nobody else here. Because people are really pissed off and fired up. They're
holding you close and bad dreams. Let's not like about the Eagles or the guests who you
know. Then any or four or any of those three groups. Do you want anybody doesn't like
them? Nobody around now. Communist. Anyway, Air America Radio launches March 31st the progressive
talk radio network. You go, girl. You go, Randy. Now, let's see they're going to be starting
out in San Francisco in New York LA and the Chicago. How come we didn't put that on
there like Chicago like we discussed yesterday. I don't know how you would spell it. I don't
know. No, it's still like I said forget about it because I'm afraid what he'll put on
there. So here's the lineup. Sixty nine a.m. Uprising a fast-paced morning show that will
entertain and gauge audiences with wit and political satire. They'll be going like
that with Sue Ellicott and Mark Riley. No relation to Rick obviously. On a way or is this
this other show? I don't know. I can't figure this out. Mark Morone. I'm not on. Who's probably
King to Jimmy Morone? Sue Ellicott and Mark Riley are on the nine to noon show unfiltered.
A showcase for conversation about the political and cultural state of the union. Unfiltered
introduces listeners to fresh new voices not available in mainstream media today. Kind
of like the counter-part of the O'Reilly factor. He's obsessed with Bill O'Reilly. Anyway,
he's going to be on air from noon to three three to seven. It's the goddess. Oh man. Nice
going sweetheart. She listened to the offer years and years and then she decided she was
ready. What? Are you lifting to meet? No. And she's going to be on three to seven.
Nationwide. It's his Randy Rhodes. It's the last 20 years burning up the airwaves in Southern
Florida with her pointed and provocative branded talk radio combining live interview,
call in and commentary. Randy engages her audience with a passionate presentation.
Rauw! Rauw! Rauw! Rauw! Rauw! So what else is new with seven to eight based in LA? Whatever
that is. The majority report eight to eleven. Virginia Grafalo and co-host Sam Sater. He's
the last supper. And then a Saturday and Sunday they're going to be offering a more
original programming like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Oh he ought to be pretty good. Okay. Not.
And Mike Papatanio is a Champions of Justice. How about JFK Jr. What time is he on? I put
here that put him in. I miss a slot. And then they're going to have like the best of,
you know, repeats best of O'Francon factor, the best of this, the best of that. So at
least there's a start. There's a something some progressive voices on the air. Not here
in this market of course, but you never know. I'm thinking it might not be a bad idea,
huh? What? I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I haven't got a clue.
I have no idea. WQA, hello. Not there. Shame on you folks. WQA, hello.
Yeah? Yes, sir. Hey, you picked me up call. Yes, I do. The screen was all year, man.
If you're one black hockey fan, I'm called Jr. All right. How you doing? Pretty good.
I've got the best one for you, which even your own your own Joe Rose uses all the time,
which it freaks not every time. Okay. So what is it? It's not slow, but so. It's like
THOW. So I can set a throw. Right. Right. So, tell me to ball. Like, don't need a ball.
Oh my god. That is so embarrassing. I can't forget to tell you. No, I swear to God. Listen,
listen to Joe Rose. Listen to the dog. And he says, so he does not use the word. There's no
art anywhere in existence. And now what he used to. I dumped the bitch right now. I'll be
damn. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Hey, hang in there. Now watch your language, Joe Rose.
Okay. I'm feeling good. Well, that's good. He still hasn't gotten paid yet, but you know,
he likes following Mo. He is one good looking guy. Who's he talking about? Power from
Boka. Oh, now we can go through a whole dancing. And I was still still can say, you can kiss
my rear end, although there are many in here that you can't do a play. I have no clue
like that. Oh, can't play that one. No, can't play that one. Can't play that one.
Can't play that one. What about? We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we,
we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we,
we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
we, but a great call, Paulie thanks a community.Daniel broody's Mack, Paulie thanks a community.z
a couple of ounces now that you saved your job please. Now what where's the
Humper is oh in the studio day the Humper is he? Yeah from four to seven three
solid hours. I hope he's been working out heavy duty for that. That was
funny. Anyway five six seven oh five sixty I feel like my head is spinning like
a dreidel I feel in coherent like I'm like I said an out-of-body experience
who I have no idea where I am what I'm doing. I'm bigger part. I said how you
doing. I say let's play more foreriner until two o'clock is what I say. More
foreriner. More foreriner. Or we can play some more do-op. I'm serious that
whole do-op thing. That's just see that's another one of those state of mind
kinds of things like people there are people who really believe that this is a
vast audience mostly New Yorkers you know New Yorkers to throw back into the
fifties who I don't get it. The whole thing is like a myth it's kind of like
colors gambors listen to Eddie Kay at night. Nice going Ed. I heard Eddie
I was in here last night doing a little work and I was listening to Eddie Kay for
a little while. I like the fact that Eddie ruffs up the colors real good. He
doesn't take any crap from anybody. He rips him and asks you go Ed.
WDQ I am hello. Neil. Yes sir. My queen. Speaking. Sir my strength is I.
What is it? I have no idea. Oh my strength is I. Okay. I think I think what he was
trying to say had something to do with. But I'm not really sure what it was.
WDQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Wow. Hey here's one for you. Some guy
called yesterday talking about the Tom Brokaw issue. It's Tom Brokaw not Brokaw.
He kept saying Brokaw for like an idiot. He said Brokaw with an F. Yeah I mean
he's not Polish you know. Anyway the other ones are to make us have this thing
about thing King and instead of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah the thing. The
thing of it is. Throw the king away. Yeah very good. That's excellent. Yeah. All right.
Well good show and have a good one. Thanks pal. Oh that is good. Throw the thing away.
Throw that thing. Yeah that thing. That Bumbaclott Mon.
Q. I am alert. I'm sure he didn't say he didn't say it.
Oh no. Anyway what do we got? Acts 353 what butchered word or phrase bugs the crap out of you the most.
Oh bugs the **** out of you the most. Acts for instead of as 353. Nucular instead of nuclear 110.
People cannot reproduce if they're too many or too women. That's not what got intended for
for a couple. Well not everyone agrees with this gentleman like this lady here.
Yeah well good for you. Go back to where you make them on.
Especially instead of especially 24. Irregardless instead of regardless 23.
I could care less instead of I couldn't care less 23. Just changing again here on me damn it.
Real real real leader instead of realtor 13. Binis instead of business 12.
Library instead of library 12. Jewelry instead of jewelry 9.
With instead of with as in get get jingy with it.
Six Valentine's with an M as opposed to Valentine's 6.
Birthday about birthday instead of birthday 5 February 4.
That mood point I don't I'm not I'm ignoring that.
Toad instead of toad 3.
Miami instead of Miami. Well see now that's that's how did that get on there.
I didn't put it on there. We talked about that yesterday but that's that's an
accents you that's an original affectation. Right. Local crackers.
Yeah so I don't I don't even know if that belongs. I think Eric is a sneak among these
under here. Must not this is good keeping away from that refrigerator.
Spelt instead of spelled yeah you spelt that wrong. Oh there is a time or two
Z hit in the Steve Morgan. Peripherial instead of peripheral two.
Something remember the Beatles song something.
Got appeared across instead of across two. Rough instead of roof one.
So instead of throw one. Oh you know who says so.
Of course he says a lot of things this particular guy.
567 oh wow oh eight five six.
This week he's a mom truck problem. I got your crowbondage right here home boy.
I like that one. Yeah he's a man.
Moran. Manning.
Remair is. Hey I think the crow two to five in the morning.
Hey why not. Let's see probably instead of probably don't have it.
There's a whole bunch of these don't have any.
Sammits instead of sandwich none.
Idear. Now what is that?
No not ideal. It's ideal instead of ideal. What ideal?
That's what George says ideal right after the show every day.
No idea within our not ideal for idea.
Accetera instead of etc. None.
Miss TV is instead of misdivis none and Ting.
Well that's just what on there. That Ting.
That'll get a bunch of votes don't you think?
Yeah from did you make it all you great to make and folks out there.
Well you folks got a real sense of humor in that real imperial sound and we're just
a little bit nervous about you but you do make good deals out there in the hood.
We like that. That's what George told me.
He ever hooked me up.
114 at 560 WDQM if you don't watch it today one more of those
gamba clots. They'll help you up to one of those machines like they had the
sharing that. That's right.
Just like they had the poor Sarah Goldfarb hooked up to.
Hey all you I got the wrong look at this I got I got all three
just to them when I got all three pieces of copy pile up here in front of me.
Not that I'm in a big hurry anything.
If you're hungry you want a great break from the kitchen you want somebody else to cook up his dorm
before you go to the animal coast Chinese buffet because they'll do it a feast like he never saw.
Start out with any of or all a six different soup sample dozens and zidians of
seconded delicious on trays made fresh to order like New York strip and their sizzling Asian
grill. Can we say New York strip New York in the Asian grill along with new seafood say
Jacques enjoy oysters on a half share lask and stone crab middle that clams jumbo shrimp
scampy. What is it jumbo one?
Scampy every night.
If you still have room sample their hand card prime ribbon their new tie specialties too.
No headaches no MSG no cornstarch they don't use it.
They cook everything only in cholesterol for the oils they feature a full salad bar new sushi
bar and fresh.
See them cocktail and if you have any room at the end of this feast man which will be
America but if you're real cow try to shovel a little bit of good stuff from the dessert station
featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even a
fresh food they even be having watermelon most of the time to to finish off a fantastic meal
at the animal coast three locations for you they're in sunrise pan alla to 44th street they're
on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd street north by me beach and also at the intersection
of flamingo roads and pember roads and pember pines so take the entire family or book your
next business lunch and our business lunch and now and look the folks at the animal coast cook
up a storm for you take out and delivery always available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 30 8 22 that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 30 8 22
you can't be the one with a stick the unbeaten matchable animal coge Chinese buffet
five and a local this is five sixty the radius all yours
you in
and I approve this ad to help you like it
John Kerry had sex with women you know how simple that can be
sex can leave an unpleasant aroma in the room that's what sex can do
John Kerry did that he left an order in many rooms do we want that in a white house again
having sex with women or anywhere else for that matter is simply wrong stay with the man who used
a proper illustration guide to have his kids have a bush and obey this message paid for by the
Prince plan daughter committee for us all the America
oh
the
the
twenty after 100 5 60 whoa mm your multi4 Mac station maybe that's the answer
Huh, little of this, a little of that,
little of this, a gulash.
Yeah, a gulash of crap.
Sounds good to me, a gulash of f***ing stuff.
Company QA, hello.
Hey, meet up.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm here to work for the list.
I think it's successful.
Yeah, I like that, successful.
I don't think America should just come there.
Because we have a follow-up with $15 each.
America is just going through their period.
And in a couple of days,
it's a couple of months,
it's all going to blow over.
And everything's going to be just regular before.
Now, wait a minute.
It's all going to f*** over.
Careful now.
That means we guys,
it's like the last week for Henry's army.
He killed all of our soldiers in a week.
That's what this reminds me of,
what they're doing with all you guys.
Only this is for real, though. That's a problem.
Yeah, it's a shame that people have to lose their jobs, you know?
Good luck to us, pal.
Hang in there.
That's all I want to say.
Got that successful with all S's instead of no C's.
Okay.
And we can't say successful.
You have to be very careful, I guess.
But the people last made down.
Well, here's the theme song for Jo and Mark.
It's a shame by the spinners.
It is a shame.
It's a crying shame.
It's pathetic.
It's all a rage.
It's unacceptable, Greg.
That's what it is.
It's unacceptable.
We're pissed off, fired up, nauseated, grossed out,
embarrassed, humiliated, and degraded.
Necklace for the beastlies, too.
Good.
Maybe ducking interpretive for you.
I'm thinking who we left out who's so great.
I mean who we left out.
From this era, this genre.
Oh!
It's Dr. E. Russell from Passions folks.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a few of them you might be interested in.
Go right ahead.
Lay it on us.
Lay them on us.
Check me on the reputershootout, please.
Do you have your voters' regulation with you?
And last but not least, see what I'm saying?
And I always say no, explain it to me.
Explain it.
I like that.
Explain it.
Thanks, Neil.
Excellent.
Excellent.
I want them.
I want them.
Okay, let's just stick with his last one.
They're okay because the other ones were a little...
Explain it.
SPL-L-I-N.
Can you explain that to me?
Yeah, apostrophe S.
Down, down, down.
Oh, it's time we had a song for Joe and Mark.
This one's for our general manager.
Yeah, just keep playing that over and over again.
Come on.
I emphasize the dumb part.
Or as Red goes...
Yeah, that's as we spoke in the present.
Oh, we got to talk to this corporate, oh no.
Only the lonely.
And all the way I feel tonight.
You know, what's that?
We got them.
We got it.
You got it.
Oh, that's a song on here.
Don't you love that song?
It's a great song.
I mean, we don't have that.
At least I don't have yet.
I can go out and get it today because...
It doesn't disclose as we go.
We got the music there anyway.
Thanks to our good ball, then.
And Fred told the Brian West.
And the dollar's the winner.
We need the machine that we're lacking in the home.
Roy DeBoys, very strange looking dude.
I mean, he was strange.
And of course the shades, any guy that wears shades,
except for Jose Feliciano, he had a reason.
Yeah.
But any guy who can actually see who wears shades indoors,
I'm always a little bit leery of that person.
Catch my drift.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I have an addition for your list.
All right.
When people say sublimitable, when they want to say subliminal.
Like El Presidente, right?
All the time, he's like...
Right.
And it's for these to refer to Saddam Hussein as Saddam Hussein.
Saddam, yeah.
Saddam.
Yeah, that was beautiful.
And they had a way of butchering the language
in addition to butchering a lot of other things.
Yeah, butchering everything.
At least they're consistent, right?
Okay, you'll have a great day.
Thanks, Pally.
Yes, sublimable.
Got it.
Josh, can you handle it?
Got it.
Swimpoint.
567.
0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
I'm getting real good education here now.
As you may see.
As last two days, a good education.
I've just been hanging out in the wrong crowd.
Or maybe the right crowd.
W.A.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey there.
Yes, sir.
How about instead of all right?
I.
I.
I.
All right.
How do we spell that?
Well, phonetically.
I.G.H.T.
Yeah.
I.G.H.C.
I.
All right.
For the homies word.
All right.
Put it out your head.
I mean, word is like, yeah, that's word.
Well, the question is, now he's got a point.
Because the question is, what, no, that's not butchered.
What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most?
I mean, word is just like, what's it about?
It's just about regional colloquialism.
Right.
Or like, uh, stop.
All right.
That could be under, I guess, huh?
What's up?
What are you doing the evening?
Stop.
How do you say that?
Stop.
Oh.
What is up?
Just be careful.
I'm telling you, you're getting, you're, you're right, you're dancing right around the edge of a
phobia.
And I'm telling you right now, don't say I didn't warn you.
Josh is a witness.
Can I get a witness?
No.
No.
Somewhere here I have, I want to testify.
Actually, you know, Bokobram, which I don't want to sound, I'm grateful.
I appreciate that he sent this to me.
But, you know, hindsight memory, all that stuff.
Now, stout is great, but sometimes things really weren't as great as you thought they were.
Like, like, this song.
The parliament is, do I want to testify?
And I make a long story short.
It's suck.
27 after 1 at 5.60 W.W.M. audio horse racing fans and poker players.
Here's some great news for you.
Pompadopark racing in Cardroom has got tons of gambling action that you folks are looking for.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 of the turnpike, Pompadopark is easy to get to from anywhere
and best of all, Pompadopark offers you free admission, free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open five nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon, goes on all the way to midnight and live racing gets underway five nights a week at 705 in the PM.
Every Monday night on the 6th floor in the top of the park restaurant, a two for $25 dinner special, which is outstanding.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer, soda, hot dogs and more.
Every Thursday, like tonight, ladies night at the track, two for one drink specials.
And also every night on the 4th floor players room, there's a 795 plated dinner special.
Every live racing, every, every, every, every live racing night, this week is Luke Kaya Week at Pompadopark.
In honor of the Arle Caprice, Newis Casino, Arle Coy and Gran Bahama Island.
They're going to be given away five trips for two, including airfare from Port Lauderdale, a two nights stay at the Sheraton Hotel in golf for two.
Plus, each night five of the winners will get tickets for two on the newest high speed ferry, the cat that sales daily, the Gran Bahama Island from Port Everglades.
So many, many more good reasons to go and plunge your guts at Pompadopark tonight.
That rich will be there greeting and meeting and eating and the mostly eating.
Pompadopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the current race schedule, call 9-5-4-972-2000 or go online at Pompadopark.com.
Don't forget post-time tonight first race live, 7-05 at Pompadopark.
We're supporting you 5-16-UAM.
3-2-1
George Washington troops on down, he's going to make some peace from riots and lustries.
Young man!
Total energy, as soon as there is speed, we're walking out the door.
Young man!
I'm kind of getting the feeling that's a set up of boys to help us campaign now.
Young man!
Pretty soon it'll all get better like around November when it's voting time now.
Hey baby!
132-2 is Brian Burke defending the unindefensible,
Aton Bertuzzi, he's a warm and fuzzy and wonderful human being.
Well too bad, they beted Vundy was a lot of fun at a party too.
132-2 is speaking over that, John Bertron Aristide,
the deposed president of Haiti, plans to bring legal actions against the French and American governments,
accusing them of kidnapping him and forcing him into exile, as opposed to kissing the ground and saying,
thanks for getting me out of here and keeping me alive.
French and American lawyers acting for Mr. Aristide, who's a real scumbag.
Of course our scumbag, he used to be but not no mo.
Said yesterday he also planned lawsuits against individuals including Veranique Albanyl,
sister of the French foreign minister Dominique de Vellipin,
and writer Regis Filbon, a Deborah, wherever that is.
Yaviania, I hate to hear everybody in sight, maybe he needs a cash, I don't know what the deal is.
Just another one of our scumbags, we're shooting at doing a good job in Haiti not,
and the reason we're not is because there's no white people there.
We don't care about Haiti because it's all black folks.
Plus, we got other people so in the baseball cheaper now, so who needs them?
We outsourced those jobs.
Yeah, that's right, out of the hemisphere.
That is correct, that's where they're going.
They hit them in the go out of the hemisphere because the baseball is our one real tight and they sort of players with all of them steroids.
You know, stop and think about this, please.
With all these serious things that are going on in the world today, I mean really grotesque.
Congress in the last month or two, they've held hearings on steroid use in baseball,
on the NCAA and recruiting practices, and on what words we can say on a radio and television,
on flat gates from the Super Bowl.
This is what your government in action is worried about.
This is this grace, this is shameful, this is unacceptable,
it's like the joint marketing old and a much higher plane, Air Force One, unacceptable.
And a public, and meanwhile, look at this, they're showing all these,
there's a lot of other old things again.
A lot of years in, I don't think it was going to play much, wasn't playing well at the time.
Oh my God, it's a hockey fast on CNN today.
And believe me, not a hockey fast at any real hockey fan we want to see.
Just grotesque crap, over and over and over.
You people are, everybody used to make fun of Channel 7, you know, if it bleeds it leads.
Forget about Channel 7, they were just one of the first ones, that's all.
They're PICORS now.
CNN, man, if they get ahold of a grieve, whether it's, you know, the challenger blowing up or, well, whatever it is, you name it.
9-11, we got to see it, how many times a minute?
3rd man.
Over and over and over again until you just desensitize no matter how grieve, how grotesquit is,
it's like nothing shocks the American public anymore.
There it is again, one more time, but I don't know what that means.
There it is from the side angle.
Half-it-slomo, freeze frame.
WQA, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
How about people would say weiner instead of a hot dog?
Well, what's wrong with weiner?
Nothing, but hot dogs.
Hey, swimps.
Swimps? No, we already didn't swimps.
Now, did we put that on there, Josh? Did we put swimps?
No, do you want me to?
Yeah, of course. Are you kidding me?
Absolutely.
Sure. That's your speciality, man.
Now, don't be putting speciality on there because the Brits say that.
Oh, why not? The Brits just cannot speak no English.
Like I said yesterday, they're genetically challenged.
They are the worst of all the peoples in the world that I've encountered.
I mean, I haven't met a lot of Iraqis, for example, or Iranians.
But of all the peoples in the world that I've encountered, the Brits are by so far and away,
the most objectionable.
I mean, I can't think of anybody even a close second.
Maybe the Dutch.
Now, the Dutch, at least, at least they've got a great country.
But the Brits give me those schmits.
I mean, they just, wow, what is wrong?
Can't speak. You can't understand a damn thing they're saying.
They're teeth are like all rotten.
Somebody ought to introduce the toothbrush and toothpaste in English, man.
Make a fortune.
I think they never heard of them.
Although Kielsen, the Foxhunt and the Foxhunt and they're big on that.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
They speak with me.
We like us four guys that sit there to touch people away.
friend. Oh Larry. Our good personal buddy still talks when he just came off the streets
of the British Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rudd. I'm out of
what he said. Yeah get lost. Go snap your suspenders. Oh now here's a good pull which people
are bigger assholes generally. People who wear suspenders or people who wear bow ties.
Ooh you know what a lot of times it's the same thing. Same person. Yeah. Senator Paul Simon who
just croaked here a while ago. He used to wear I think suspenders and those big flanshy grotesque
bow ties. Tyler Tucker whatever his name is Carlson or on CNN Crossfire. He's a major asshole.
I mean a real silly pussy-simpering right wing schmuck. He wears that big bow tie.
Who else? The George Wilmore bow ties I don't know. I think George Wilneeds bow talks.
21 before 2 at 560 WQM it's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing. It's the only one mortgage
from financial group. The benefits are just amazing. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee,
zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just $334 a month. If you have a
200 thousand dollar loan you pay only $668 a month. I don't forget once you refinance you give new
home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call this new
toll free number and get all the details with the obligation. Call 1-866-395-Lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property with no further cost to
expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero duck fees, zero closing costs even when you move
your ass to another property. Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with this only one
mortgage from financial group and never ever pay those ugly nasty closing costs again. Call
LED the Renewable Housing Munder, Restrictions Apply, Rate Subject to Change Monthly 4.21 APR.
I am law, this is horse rail licensing. QAM.
Rogers, your jail wants the broadcast to you from the lips of God. To better serve you we ask
you to read one Christian fundamentalist what you want to hear in place of Christ's killer
Howard Stern. Really? Choose step. I like to step. I don't go gospel. No, we don't have to worry
about them anymore. Well, well, but Bluegrass. Oh yeah, that's right, you sleep delicious to me.
I once knew Christ's killer fellow had a name that ran with Barney Green, Vlad of think it was.
Greengrass? No matter, don't. Rick and I very didn't lie. There's a special place in heaven for
you, Clayton. Bible say so. How about sports? Yeah, and how sports all they talk about is men.
I have a says in mangate Lee with another man. Rick and I goes for playing too.
Can't have no man to man contact all the same shit. It's in and going on.
Well, I know one thing for sure. Colonel Hogan. Yes. Whenever you put on your little daughter will be safe.
Well, hey, check out my washboard too. They just go on the radio.
You know that corn rat and remember if you don't like what you hear on clear channel, there's always XM.
Yeah, I feel good.
I feel good.
I feel good. So good. So good. I gotta hear.
I feel good.
I feel good.
I feel good.
So night.
I got to hear.
So there you go. Eddie Campon's a theme song. A little tribute to Eddie Kay's good guy.
He's still working for us. I think. I guess. No, no, yeah.
Okay. Good. That's good. We like Eddie.
Money and his coffers, but no dirt and his shoe is a very lengthy column by Jimmy Breslin.
The Eric just emailed me for some reason, which I'm sure he's going to put on our website.
I'm just reading first. This is interesting. Jimmy Breslin writes in news day for days now.
The job at Eisenhower Park in Assel County has been a follow the order from the White House
through the secret service and down to the park workers. The president's feet are not to touch the
dirt. So all yesterday large crews drawn from all county parks work to ensure that as always in
his life George Bush's feet do not touch the ground when he appears in the big park today.
Bush arrives for a fundraiser at a restaurant in the park that is indoors. He doesn't have to
worry about his feet there, but he has to go over ground to the administration building where he
is to meet with families of 9-11 victims. After that, he has to go over more ground to get to
the set of a memorial to the victims. He doesn't want his feet on the ground and he'll be at a ground
breaking ceremony. And it goes on and on. It's good. Jimmy Breslin's great, but I don't have
time to read on here. Thanks a lot Eric for whatever reason. I guess he was inspired by this.
The headline is money and his coffers but no dirt on his shoes. But your president, not my president,
your president. I got none to do with him. Hey, don't stick him on me. I'm just this. 5-6-7-0. I don't
mean you personally. I certainly don't mean Josh because if Josh now is Josh going to vote this
election, maybe. I beg your pardon? Yeah. Is Josh registered to vote yet? Yeah.
Simp. Dominic QAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good. I haven't been able to listen for a long time, but I'm glad I got to listen today.
I have a good thing I got to listen while we're all still on the air, man. I'll tell you that.
Some of us are still on the air. I have a friend of mine. He's about 50 years old. A white guy.
He replaces the letter D for the letter P H all the time.
Like this? I mean, this, that, these, that, these, that, that's the Brooklyn thing. That's the King,
my son. He's a Chicago. He's from Chicago, though. I'll be done. I have another friend that he says
the word bath. He says bath. What did the word was again? Instead of the word bath, like taking a bath,
he says bath. Bath. Bath. Yeah. He had a lot of people that replaced T H with an F. Let's take him to the bathroom.
Yeah, they go to the bathroom. Yeah. The same with the word both. He says both. Both. Both of them. Both of them.
These and them and those. Yeah, but both of them. But don't you feel it makes us feel a lot smarter, though, doesn't it?
Yes, it does. Yes, they would know people like that. Have a great day, Palli. Thanks. You too, now. Thanks.
Yeah, that demon, these and those. That's a New York thing. I've been doing this a long time. I know. And we wish you
could have already enough enough of the bullcrap. Glory to God. No thanks. Man, I mean, just turn 95. He's
making more babies. Really sad. tragic. Never forget that day. I had lunch with him on his last day in
Miami. His last day after he left IOD on his way to Mutual on his way to CNN on his way to kissing more
asked than anybody's ever seen the history. I bet you even those pictures that you and Mark have
fired for. I bet you there wasn't as much as on those pictures. Larry kissed over his last many years.
Whether without the man, I'm a good partner with her without the yogurt. Would you stop
on the yogurt stuff already now? Let me ask you again. What the fuck yogurt with the fruit on the bottom?
5 6 7 0 5 60. I think it was your play. Oh, it was clearance. Like I said, the fruit must have been
on the bottom. Pound 5 60 on it. Yeah, look at this. Good stuff on here.
I'm talking about how bad.
Oh, now I don't, did that play this before? Before what?
Yeah, I think we did. Oh, and in honor of our dead friend.
Yeah! Oh, dead friend.
Robert Palmer. Oh, that one. He is dead, isn't it? He's so young. He's so dead though.
Because he must have picked it to us. We can't play this anymore, can we?
No. Just to get some metal part.
Oh, right. Oh, right.
Yeah, but wait a second.
Roy!
Oh!
Oh!
Okay.
The lights are on, but you're not home. There's the Greg Reed theme song.
My mind and local ideas.
Sports radio, 5 6, he's healing.
You AM.
The Roger's got.
Yeah.
Anytime they see that we're liking it's a home.
They probably have my back will be you by the throne.
Who said that death is the one
You get
Now they have only one
Big day
Taylor Love
No point in that soon.
We got it.
Now we'll put me in shape.
You got it.
You won't look at this no more.
You got it.
Where is the sparking?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do.
Can't get any gum but a home party car to be.
You believe what they say like they're called.
Like they're called a couple.
Will
All the escape
We got
trs
Oh
I
156 at 560 W.C.
We almost got through the entire show and I almost forgot this.
What?
Most important to news story of the day.
We don't want to be too newsy.
From the Winston-Salem Journal, two fast food restaurant employees who
bade in the dishwasher sink took cleanliness a bit too far, but didn't pose a health
threat.
The advanced North Carolina County Health Director said.
Ortheraun, your countryman.
Yeah, what about it?
They're bade in the sink.
The paper came out.
You're like your friend Bob Innerboy.
The paper came out because of photographs of the men taking turns posing in bathing suits
in a large sink full of bubbles said.
Very fast director of the Davy County Health Department.
Very fast.
You battered.
From a public health standpoint, you want the employees to be clean said
fast adding that the employees may have overdone it a bit.
They were taken bubble baths in the sink.
I've been working in public health for 25 years, never seen an incident like this.
You said the sink at the Wendy's has cleaning jets and has used to wash pots pans and other
cookware.
The restaurant won't be said for any health code violations because no health official directly
observed a violation.
The restaurant's manager assured health officials that the sink had been sanitized and then
won't have it again.
Wendy's officials, of course, did not return calls for comment.
It's not known who took the film due to the CBS pharmacy to be developed or when the photos were taken.
See, there is those dangerous photos again, see?
Mike DeAngelo, the CBS spokesman said it's company policy for photo thicknesses
and the notify-store manager.
If they suspect that a photograph shows illegal activity like guys taking a bubble bath in the sink
at Wendy's where people are supposedly eating the food.
Oh, fat.
But that's in North Carolina, okay?
I still like Wendy's a lot.
No bun.
Now, I'm thinking of a great pool idea which we bandied this about before and no we never did it.
That's that.
Well, let me give you a clue.
Oh, right.
Don't leave us.
No, close.
Close.
Everybody's doing good.
Friends, dance now and come.
You don't know who this is?
No, I thought it was Little Eva, but it's obviously different.
It's a repotal little Eva.
Very good.
I know you'll get some like it even the chance now.
Oh, wait, but.
Yes, she'll be on the behind the beat of the curtain soon.
I don't even know.
Sure.
Stark Neckid.
Well, top of it, anyway.
Now, the thing I'm thinking about is either what is the, now if we want to be positive.
I think we need a positive day.
I mean, let's not be negative.
Positive?
Tomorrow.
Huh?
No, seriously, but all the bad crats that's going on at Q&A with the business and everything else that's going on.
Let's try to be a little more positive.
The best remake of a song ever done.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Now, this thing's been re-done more.
It's been done more.
Yeah, it's ruined.
My middle name is Stark.
I'm doing TV.
It's TV of the LA, and you're getting me.
Come on, come on, do a little more.
See, I have mixed feelings about it because I resent.
There are certain songs that I don't think need to be remade.
That's right.
One of them, right?
Sure.
Oh, well, Eva is just fine.
A little bit of a rant broke.
Did we did it the first time?
Right.
And then they did a great job.
Huh?
Well, so there, right there is a couple of them, we can stick on it.
I'm sorry, we can f*** on it.
We're going to spend the whole day.
We're going to spend the whole day.
We're going to spend the whole day.
We're going to spend the whole day.
We're going to spend the whole day.
Well, I think we need to go to the end.
Oh, oh.
You see the neck?
Anyway, what Butcher word or phrase bugs you the most?
Acts instead of ask.
411, let me ask you about it.
Nuclear instead of nuclear 126.
I could care less, instead of I couldn't care less, 28.
So really it's a one horse race, but only two with a whole bunch.
And the rest is all messed up.
You know what I'm saying?
It's messed up.
Anyway, we got the what's the f***ing dog coming up next?
Jim f***ing.
And then of course it's four.
It's s*** Goldberg.
And we got Panther Hockey tonight.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey.
Thank you, Butcher Show.
I'm 560, so you can't.
I might be for learning.
Oh, son of a bitch, we're kind of stick weird, O.I.
T.
Our professor.
