The hilly William Shore starts Monday morning 8-10 on QAM.
Friday, you bastard!
I got my bitch in the big, fat bitch in the biggest bitch in the whole Bible!
Oh!
If it's bitches, I'd worth a bitch in the big, two hours, I'd boy-day care!
I'm money to the bed time, turn it into the bed time, where's the side-achy's office?
Yeah, but they just do everything to do for King Comet, I may up be rich!
When my neighbors didn't have a bill at night and counseled him as a rich man he was smart, and I hated other people!
When my neighbor and others had good 10, and I've had family, I don't even know my eligible partner either!
ik
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, you're a man, you're a man, ugh thirty two.
right that that too.
Timely, very biting.
Topical, gleaming on Canada.
A, you can nucks.
That's what it was a boot.
That's what it was all a boot.
Did you say a boot?
That's what I said, a boot.
Anyway, some bad news to start.
And then I got just such a pile of stuff here.
We went out even take a call today.
This is just like, oh, and it's good
that Miguel's there for a little while
because he hates it when I read.
Too bad, loser.
I screw him, you know.
That's the bad news.
You didn't tell me about any bad news.
No, yes, I did.
First, the roadside bomb killed two US soldiers
and Baghdad.
This was late Wednesday.
And now an explosion killed an American soldier
who wounded two others and Baghdad today.
Mm.
In a western part of the capital.
So that's three more to add to your list.
Those who are keeping track or pending any attention
since the media is too busy with other important things
to take care of, you know.
Right.
Like Michael Jackson.
Oh, we got a lot of Michael Jackson stuff too.
That's coming.
Yeah, I heard.
Christopher Dorgness
assisted in the prosecution of OJ Simpson.
He says Jackson may have waved his right
to appear at every hearing that it would be in his interest
to attend.
You know what else he said?
I don't give a sh** anymore, right?
Which I thought was right on the money.
Anyway, let's get to the important stuff.
Yesterday, Miss Fudge, aka Matt Rudge, aka Self-Hating Fag,
put on his website breathlessly with a spinning gum ball
on there with the flashing light
and a whole deal.
Oh, desperate big news.
See, this is what you're dealing with when you have a pawn
of the right wing who's being subsidized,
who's being financed by Richard Mellon's scafed
and who's being fed all the info by Carl Rove
and all the other right wing, Hunta.
He'll put anything on there.
For example, you remember, and one thing
you can't complain about is credibility,
just like telling the world that I'm an invalid,
that I have around a clock to caretakers.
And I'm going to be in a nursing home,
all of a sudden the crap,
and about how Johnny Cockring's going to be
under the fence team for Michael Jackson.
And let's see about how the Iowa caucus,
on the day of that caucus,
the results are going to be very, very close.
And all of a sudden the crap.
It's the old deal about just putting off crap
and throwing it against the wall
and maybe some of it might stick.
Right.
And of course, it's probably pretty busy back there anyway, Matt.
So when you have time,
anyway, so he puts this whole song and dance about
this big sex scandal that's going to explode
and destroy John Kerry in about how Wesley Clark said this
and how he'd been said that.
And then of course there was that stuff in the inquirer,
which all basically that said was that
Kerry screwed around with a bunch of Hollywood starlets,
which who now didn't, right?
Me.
But like you said, it always comes back to the same old deal
with the right wingers and that's penis stuff.
It's your penis.
They want to take a look at it,
they want to take pictures of it,
they want to see it up close,
they want to grab it and feel it, squeeze it,
that's right, they want to take a sniff.
Who's it still like?
And so that's what Miss Fudge was screaming and shouting
the other day.
The only problem with her is, well, there's several problems.
That is that the mainstream media ignored him largely
and plus he's been outed by a whole bunch of,
for example, on busflash.com.
Here's one of the postings, Kerry attack update.
The sleaze has gone mainstream.
It says the Philadelphia Daily News,
which we'll get to in a minute.
And the Chicago Sun Times published articles
discussing the Kerry sex accusations.
The Sun Times, however,
seemed to have pulled theirs off the website.
The foreign presses all over this big polluter lobbyist,
it says, the foreign presses all over this
like big polluter lobbyist on Tom Delay.
Here's one very interesting tip from the Times UK Online.
Drudge claimed that half a dozen news outlets
were investigating the allegations against Mr. Kerry,
but most of them denied it last night.
Leonard Downey, executive editor of the Washington Post,
mentioned by Drudge said,
this is the first we've heard that we're working
on a story that we're not working on.
A reporter with Time Magazine also cited by Drudge said
that the weekly magazine was as puzzled
by the story as the rest of the world.
The mainstream media in the US
has so far not reported on the claims.
Sources win in the Clark plant campaign blame
Republican dirty tricks and gave warning
that it was a taste of things to come.
They're just throwing mud, he said.
The plot thickens.
Drudge's little embellishment about
who was investigating the story is telling.
It's obviously decided to have maximum impact on Kerry
and make it look like the story's about
to leak in the major papers.
And by throwing in all those competing news entities,
it puts pressure on other outlets
to start their own reporting and break the details first.
Clever, unfortunately,
Drudge has been busted by the British press.
This is so roving.
It just makes my hairline received.
So says they write it.
Roving.
And of course, Johnny Cochrane's gonna be
representing Michael Jackson, not.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yonikos.
So what I've done,
even though it doesn't make any difference to him,
since he gets 80 billion hits a minute,
we've taken the link to the Drudge report off of our website.
And we're gonna put on drudge.com,
which is the Drudge retort,
as opposed to Drudge report.
And it's a fabulous website.
It looks very familiar,
except instead of a white background,
it's got at least a little bit of color.
It's got a yellow background.
And the same boring format of Miss Fudge's,
a anxious website.
They write today on the Drudge retort,
rumor leads America deep into John Kerry's pants.
Media observers and political junkies
are waiting to see how quickly and deeply
the mainstream press follows serious newsman,
Matt Drudge into John Kerry's pants.
This morning, Drudge pulled out the flashing siren
with a giddy claim that Time Magazine
and other media organizations
are looking for a young woman
who privately caucused last year
with the Democratic presidential front runner.
Reported Drudge in Trees
surrounds a woman who recently fled the country,
reportedly at the prodding of Kerry.
That wouldn't be the only prodding she received
from Kerry,
according to the completely unsourced story,
which is reportedly being chased by time,
ABC News Washington Post, the Hill on the AP.
The tail tail first appeared in watch blog
and on partisan political web blog
that appears offers space
to liberal conservative and moderate authors.
The journalism industry publication editor
and publisher pondered how long it would take
the mainstream press to follow Drudge's lead.
As editor and publisher reported,
the drug site also declared that General Wesley Clark
and an author record chat with reporters earlier this week
predicted that the Kerry campaign would suit implode
to an intern.
It would seem strange, however, if he really believed
that that it would drop out of the race as he did yesterday.
Meaning Clark, lending less credence to the story,
Clark is going to endorse Kerry this weekend
at Wisconsin, as we all know.
So there you go, more BS from Madame as Fudge.
And the Philly Daily News says,
here we go again, question mark.
The worlds of politics and the media were all a Twitter yesterday
overreported on the popular internet site,
the Drudge Report, that Massachusetts Senator John Kerry,
the Democratic presidential frontrunner,
maybe brought down by a sex scandal.
Six years ago, it was a similar item
on the Drudge Report planted
that brought the world's attention to the affair
between then-president Bill Clinton
and inter-demonical Lewinsky,
sparking the scandal that led to Clinton's impeachment.
Late last night, Miss Fudge, the conservative gossip
master who runs the site, said several leading TV networks
and newspapers have been trying to confirm
that led to relationship between Kerry,
who was married to ketchup-eris Theresa Hines'
Kerry, and a young woman that started in 2001.
And earlier items said the woman had worked
for associated press for a short time.
But there's one huge problem with the story,
which raised through newsrooms across the country
like a computer virus.
Nobody's been able to confirm that it was true.
This rumor has been out there for months and months
at Neil Oxman, the prominent Democratic consultant
based in Philly.
He said there were various versions,
including several that had Kerry
dating a young woman well before the 2000 election,
when Al Gore looked at Kerry as a potential running mate.
Oxman said there's just no way to judge
whether the story is really damaging to the Kerry campaign
until any facts come out.
Even stranger, the Drudge item said that Wesley Clark,
the retired general former candidate,
spread the rumor out by telling a group of stunt reporters
that Kerry will implode over an intern issue.
But then it was reported last night that Clark
is going to endorse Kerry today.
Indeed, other accounts last night that Clark instead
was talking about Kerry's reportedly wild bachelor days
between the breakup of his first marriage
and his 96 wedding to Theresa Hines' Kerry.
Kerry reportedly dated actress Morgan Fairchild
and other starlets as well.
No more fingers for the upper-er reported last night,
Clark's top aide, Chris Lahain,
who was Gore's campaign secretary in 2000,
Washington inside a Craig Crawford
of congressional quarterly said in a widely circulated email
that Lahain had been shopping the story to report us
for a long time.
The Kerry camp has been expected to deal with this
and have assured party leaders they can handle it.
And it also says, if the story were true,
Kerry would have a harder time handling his wife,
who was the widow of Pennsylvania Senator John Hines
who was killed in the 1991 mid-air collision
in Lower Merion.
She told Ellie Magazine that she warned her first husband
on the subject at what?
She warned Ellie Magazine,
but how do I supposed to know that?
It's a Fag Magazine?
No.
She told Fag Elle Magazine that she warned her first husband
on the subject of adultery.
If he ever gets something, I'll mean you,
I won't kill you, I'll mean you.
In other words, if he ever bought home and unwanted surprise.
I say like that.
Like that chanker run.
Oh, a surplus.
Right.
So there you go.
You can then, of course,
the Clark Willandorist Curie today,
which seems very strange.
If indeed, he was the one that was saying that
Kerry campaign is going to come tumbling down
because of all this big sexual scandal.
Miss Faggier and Ansel, you're an imbicil,
you're pathetic, you're nothing but a useless pawn, man.
Being used by Richard Mellon's scape and Carl Rove
and all the other imbicils on the far right.
Just throw a bunch of crap up there and see if it sticks.
But after all the other slime and garbage that he's put on there,
people are starting to be a little bit more suspect
if anything that he has done is report.
Which is why I'm not dealing with it.
No more.
And once Eric wakes up,
you think that's going to happen sometime?
He's up.
I spoke at him.
Yeah.
Once he wakes up, we're going to take off that's one of those links we got on there,
which is kind of like obsolete.
And he already just did it.
See, that's my psychic powers again.
Right under move on.org.
You'll see in large your blueprint the drudge retort,
which is a drudge.com not to be confused with, of course,
the anxious ultra right wing drudge report.
And I know that he's going to be really upset over the eight hits a week
that he's going to be losing from our link,
but that's not the purpose of it.
We just don't want to be associated with that particular scumbag.
We don't mind a lot of other scumbags.
We just don't want nothing to do with him.
Anyway, we had a resounding response to the pool.
We'll get those results after the break.
And then we'll put up the new pool.
And then I got the 5,000 things to read just to piss off McGill.
And we got our hot couples contest the deadline two o'clock this afternoon for your pictures.
Email them to contestedneararchives.com.
Deadline is 2 p.m. sharp when the little hand hits the big hand.
Finally got half an ass on there.
We got half an ass.
A half ass.
Half ass.
Correct them.
Is better than none.
Right on.
1013 at 560 WDQM.
How about putting your ass in a great new mattress.
President's Day is coming up Monday.
And of course the president say they sales are in full swing with your vetting in departments.
There's all the B.S. they pedal every year.
They double the price and say, hey, look at this.
We're giving you half off.
If you want real rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going,
you know what to do.
Call 1-800-MACRUS.
Like I've been doing for years.
George and McGill have been doing it and calling them as well.
Bokobrine and even Fatboy is sleeping on a big gigantic exercise.
Dialometrics.
No phone, e-sales, no bait and swish.
Just every day on VDB.
Rock bottom prices on the complete line of the top makers in the universe.
They got them all.
They got Celi, Surtis, Simmons, Kingcroll, Temporpita.
Can even now stir in and foster Hewitt.
Choose from dozens of models at lower VDD discount prices.
You can enjoy great night sleep for years to come just by making it at one easy phone call.
1-800-MACRUS right now.
Don't get ripped off at those phony ads.
Only Dialometrics also lets you choose that 2-hour delivery window that meets your schedule.
Any day when it's convenient for you, 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 o'clock at night.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal.
It's easy to see why Dialometrics is unbeatable.
So like I said, don't get sucked in by the phony ads.
Do what the smart folks are doing and even some more aren't quite so bright.
Call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at mattress.com.
Find that local, this is Fy City.
There ain't use all yours in public.
Kill him!
Packwood can't keep his packer in his pants.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
That's why I have my share man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been to Reno, Chicago, Park, O'Minister, Buffalo, Toronto, Winslow, Zaslow, Wichita, Dota, Ottawa, O'Holm, O'Honda, Tampa, Panama, Maddow, Alopolis.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona.
I've known Dakota, I knew Mexico and Texas and New York.
I've been everywhere man.
We're going to California and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon.
I've been everywhere.
I've known Dakota, I knew Mexico.
There's a both two jobs in the East and Oregon.
We're going to California and Texas.
Santa Fe, California, Blaine Rock, Black Rock, Little Rock, Austin.
We're going to South Dakota and Michigan.
And let's demonstrate our listening.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
And then we're going to watch the DC take back away now.
Yeah!
1018-560 W-D-Q-A-M.
Got Joe Costello's a busy guy this weekend, right?
He's a busy beaver.
Join Joe for a happy hour today, 430-630.
It's AP Mulligan's on Tafin Flamingo and Pembert Pine.
Stop by for $3 becks and becks lights plus win T-shirts and Panther tickets.
And some are other crappy or QM prizes.
And join both Joe and Mark tomorrow from noon to 2 at Florida Day,
on the WMW at 14,800 Sheridan Street.
Stop by to win more crap and enjoy free food from our close friend Ira.
At the Unbeatable Atlantic City Sub.
Now here's a result we have 1473 votes yesterday on the question.
Which do you think is the best recording artist or group to come along in the last 10 years?
Uh, Adema didn't have any.
Yeah, he pressing.
Oh well.
Out of almost 1500 votes.
Who the hell are they?
Err, I'm either.
Severy had one Sam Roberts one.
It must have been a Canadian.
That's what that was all about.
Angel Dust 2, surmised as 2.
If I read all of these from the bottom,
although Nickelback had only 5, that's disturbing isn't it?
Oh well.
Pod had 4.
Pod rhymes with.
Oh god.
Bloodhound gang had 7, which at least beat Destiny's Child who had only 6.
I'm just skipping around.
Enrique had 9, how do you like that?
Yeah, I can't see.
System of Down had 9, Sean Paul 10, Stained had 10.
Train 10, Pink had 10.
As in one of the pink and one in SCRUAN.
Corn had 12, Nelly for Tano had 12.
She's great.
Yes.
The White Stripes and Collective Soul and Speedores Down each had 13.
Dream Theater had 14.
Wilco 15, Josh Groban 16.
I have no idea who that is.
I hear he's grabbing it.
Enchivist 17, that's excellent.
Limpuskid 17, which is less excellent.
Overe Levine 17, Link 18219, Beyonce 22.
Oh, the goodness is George saw the new Toxic video with Brittany this morning.
Yeah.
They must have not put in the new restrictions yet on MTV.
Wait till Mel Carmison finds out about that.
You'll probably have me showing it every 20 minutes.
Beyonce 22, No Down 28, Sarah McLaughlin 28, Kid Rock had...
Bought third man.
Shakira 31, Brittany Spears 32, Smashing Pumpkins 35, as Coldplay also 35.
Matchbox 2037, the Counting Cros 42, Nora Jones 60, Full Fighter 64, Magnificent, Radiohead 65, MNM 68.
Lincoln Park 69, Alcaste 75, Shania 287, Pearl Jam 133, and Dave Matthews Van 222.
Okay, it's winning.
Wow, I told you that didn't I?
You won't listen to me.
No.
You're bigger than life itself.
I can't tell you why, but they're bigger than life themselves.
Just like hats.
Just like McDonald's is very, very big.
And so has Vinal Ice Cream and so is the Rascal House.
And a lot of things are kind of like a state of mind.
You know what I'm saying?
It's called Good Marketing.
Something we don't do with QAIM.
I'm sorry, Miguel.
Well, he can't help it.
He's got that big budget.
He'd have a good budget if that bitch wouldn't have spent all the money in like about two months.
What?
It's funny because it's true.
That's why I said it.
That's why she ain't there no more.
That's the Reem bitch.
We have that memo out now.
With her fat ass.
You know, one reason Miguel's in a much better mood about things.
At least he's not getting chased up and down the hall by Doreen.
You realize you can't reload a stapler in the building now without three department heads signing on.
Now he's got to worry about his freaky crullos.
Anyway, this theory just facts me is very disturbing.
Maybe we'll have to postpone the William Show starting Monday morning 8 to 10 on QAIM.
Let me know if you want the other two pages if it's interesting enough.
No.
A high school teammate who joined William's on a recruiting trip to Florida said the 19 year old linebacker appeared to be under the influence of something during a wild evening that resulted in three sworn complaints being fought against him.
He just had a bad night.
Somebody slept in Mimiki, okay?
Maybe he was under the influence of the Holy Spirit.
That might have done it.
I've never seen him act like that said a keen Robinson and offensive lineman who played with I wonder how offensive he is played with Williams last season at Carol City and she had a room with him during the official visit to Florida January 30th, February 1.
I was very surprised to ask him what that is wrong with you.
Man.
Williams decided to let her attend with the University of Miami.
Of course, has a bond hearing today.
After spending three days in the Broward County jail for violation of his probation, he's been charged with battery and criminal mischief, both misdemeanors, and for discharging fire extinguishing was just a felony in the gains'ful incidents.
Robinson said Williams wasn't able to recall many of the events that I had January 30.
One was it?
The 30 man.
Or the early warnings of January 31.
I only remembered bits and pieces Robinson said during a telephone interview Wednesday.
He just couldn't explain in detail what happened.
He just couldn't.
The 6225-pound lineback allegedly grabbed, sliced, hugged the female UF student against her will at 11 p.m. January 30, engaged in a fight at a local nightclub around 2.30 and discharged fire extinguishing was about 90 minutes later at a local hotel where UF was housing recruits.
And of course, he's got those burglary charges again and a whole bunch of these other things.
He was arrested 10 other times, but he just has some of these bad days.
We don't know what gets into him, but he just has a few bad days.
I say give him a cut him some slack and let him do the show.
Because we're looking for somebody that doesn't want to get paid to do it.
Joe Rosen started to get a little bit can't tanker with about that whole thing.
Well, speaking of Kanker, we'll get to that later.
Got a lot of fish to fry here.
I'll send you that.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, aren't fishing me ill?
Speaking.
Listen to John.
How you doing?
I'm going to jump off the cliff today, Neil.
I'm the one that nominated Dave Matthews all his front run and I don't even like him.
So why did you not name him?
I just figured they would hit the top of the pole and I was right.
I'll tell you, they are the worst.
Well, go ahead and jump, John.
I'll jump.
Okay.
Good job.
He's one at the start.
Oh, here's the poll for today.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Let's get this out of the way.
Because once I get rolling here, man, we got a lot of crap to do.
I'm sorry.
It's just one of those.
Sorry, Eric.
I emailed him 30 stories.
But, third, man.
I think actually it was 31 because I added the poll, a Krugman column this morning.
31 stories, which is way too many.
But, you know, it's just one of those things.
It was one of those days.
There was a lot of heavy duty crap going on.
You know what I mean?
Some days there's not much, but there was a lot of crap going on.
And the reason I keep saying that is because I like saying, because pretty soon we won't be able to say it.
Or do it.
If Miguel's people have their way, that's right.
All you're right when you're fascist people that you love, all those betestous unlicors.
He's out of that, of course.
Anyway, what?
He's out of that club.
No, he's not.
In his family, you never get out of that club.
And he's going to be really porked off.
I hope he hasn't seen that picture of Cedar Krugman bearing her thing at all.
That is so grotesque.
He's bearing it.
And the list like he's doing something else too at the same time.
That's called killing two birds with one stone.
Wow.
I wouldn't be surprised if she had a real one.
You know what she had a real penis?
Forget about the strap on variety.
I think the Cedar may have had a real one.
It's known some lawyers.
Just a gigantic.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
What's your take on the Massage Stereo all over the USA about filth on radio and TV?
We got nine excellent choices.
Now, I realize that you have to pick the one that you most best agrees with what you think.
Because there are many of these that like slap over under each other.
What's your take on the Massage Stereo all over the USA about filth on radio and TV?
As Michael is squeezing his pals about it.
I agree.
Clean it all up now.
Let's have more sex.
Less violence.
What ever happened to freedom of speech?
I'm sorry.
What ever happened to freedom of speech?
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment.
Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole.
It was just one partial teet you morons.
Where do I get my passport quick?
Freedom in America is dead.
Or the Bush government and the FCC are obscene.
Now, I realize there's much crossover there, right?
But that's okay.
Pick one.
I know it's hard, but stick your finger in there real deep.
Or maybe in your butt, you know.
Pick one.
Pick one.
Right.
That's what Mo does every day.
Says he's down to only one a day.
20-26 after 10.
Don't forget to a clock deadline for those pictures.
Contest at neo-rangers.com.
If you have any private messages, if you want to go kukukuchu do a Miguel.
If you'd like to set up a date with Miguel, nobody's a...his wife will never know.
Contest at neo-rangers.com.
From what I'm hearing, he ate that choosy lately.
26- now nothing to reenleafed.
Hey, I'll tell you about a place where they're very choosy about what they cook for.
And that's the pizza loft in Davy.
They've been going strong for a long time.
While all the others have come and gone over these years, they've been around almost 30 years.
About 30 men.
That's how Florida pizza loft.
And of course, they've been in that brow-erred location in Davy for a hell of a long time.
Serving up the best Italian goodies, you'll find anywhere at prices like those.
Man, they give you gigantic portions.
They cook everything to order fresh.
And the prices are so low, you can go in there with a whole gang over and over again.
Almost as often as the rimers who eat for free or close to it.
Every fri...well, let's see.
We got the tons of added tables in there.
Now, it's too soon to have to wait online on a weekends like you do in most restaurants in Broward.
They got the best garlic rolls going anywhere.
They got combination dinners.
They got your chicken and veal.
Every kind of pasta ever invented.
Seafood, calzone, super subs.
And three different kinds of pizza.
Kind of uno-dosed place.
And they got takeout and delivery.
They cater for as low as five bucks per person for your next affair.
You can't be there with a stick.
Called 954-916-8080 for takeout or delivery.
954-916-8080.
You'll find a pizza loft in that same great spot in Davy right there on university drive
between Gryffind and Fod 95 behind Pier 1 imports.
And a pizza loft plays a lot of free parking too.
So this weekend for a fantastic feast at a teeny tiny price.
Head for the world famous pizza loft in Davy.
We're sports radio five-sixth UAM.
And I was alive.
I was good at this point.
I was like, oh, thanks.
Just keep getting gay.
Okay.
Nice.
I'm not a fan of pizza.
I'm not a fan of pizza.
I'm not a fan of pizza.
Even Dr. Ackon said, let me your fruits, right?
Few fruits, okay, but too many fruits could be very bad for you.
1033, we got more on Ackon's later.
In fact, we got some pictures that I'm going to be showing you.
Or those pictures.
Casey Kason's gone.
Oh, this is really great.
And of course, Edgar Lesbys having a nervous breakdown.
He's the head of the Republican National Committee.
He's a Schmidt in his pants.
Democrat, Democrat's plan.
Dirtyest campaign in modern history is what he says.
Of course, I guess that doesn't count what he fudge reports.
A campaign that already started against Kerry about this sex scandal.
It's penis skate part two, baby.
See, when they do it, it's okay.
Anything that comes from the far right,
all the crap that they want to spew, that's fine.
But when it comes from the other side,
and happens to be true like Bush and his military record,
or this article that I just, from Tampa,
whatever that paper is, Tribune.
He's going on about, it's going to be the dirtiest campaign in modern presidential politics.
You know what they're peeing in their pants about?
What are they peeing in their pants?
I'm sure you recall, I mentioned this to you before the show today,
back in 2000 in the days, just the days before,
and of course, time ran out, and somebody got to the woman.
In the days before the election,
there was that story circulating about Bush having knocked up some woman in Texas
and then taking her for a portion
and personally driving her to the abortion clinic.
And she was ready to spill the beans,
and Larry Flint was ready to go on.
In fact, your close friend, Al Gulstein,
was going to have Larry Flint call us that one day.
Remember that?
He sat there waiting for the call that never came,
because either Larry got cold feet,
which at least he had some sensation in his feet,
which is good.
Or they made her an offer she couldn't refuse.
So Ed Gillespie even mentioned this the other day,
but wow, they're going to cook up this story
that they're going to be relation about the president had this woman guy.
And he was about her pregnant and took her for an abortion in Texas,
and it's just more smear.
Now, why would he even mention that?
Unless, of course, they know that somebody already is onto it
and having for a long time that jig is up.
Now, wouldn't you think that that would be a little bit just explosive
for this president to find out that this great moral leader,
this great religious,
it was that.
Of course, I guess that was before he found Jesus.
And the one thing when you deal with the religious right,
you can't, you can't, if in fact, they love him even more.
If you were fallen and then you found Jesus,
all depending on how far you fell and who you fell on.
And of course, if it was a guy, then they don't forgive.
This we do not forgive.
Let's see.
PR Ralph says, happy Valentine's Day.
Wistle just put your delipses together and blow.
Is what he says.
That sounds like a proposition to me.
Wow, we got more crap.
Let's take a quick look at that poll.
Look at this.
See, it's a difficult choice to be honest with it.
72 votes.
What's your take on the mass hysteria all over the USA about filth
on radio and TV where all of this is coming down on your tube.
And there's nothing worse than filth coming on your tube.
The Bush government and the FCC are of scene 23.
Absolutely.
I don't let the government censoring my entertainment 15.
It was just one partial tint you morons, nine.
A teeth, nine.
Let's have more sex.
Let's violence, nine.
I agree.
Clean it all up now.
Five.
Yeah.
Clean it up.
Clean it up all up.
Whatever happened to freedom of speech for freedom in America's dead three.
Michael Powell is a grandsteading asshole three, which I guess is pretty obvious.
And where do I get my passport quick?
Says Uno.
So do I meant to Uno with that.
Speaking of obscene things.
Here's.
This from the prison planer dot com website, which we have a link to on our on our website.
It's a little on the extreme side.
We've ever looked at it.
It's a little bit over the top.
But this article isn't something they wrote.
This is from the London guardian.
Remember, Dr. David Kelly, not that he confused with Dr. David K.
Who evidently was made an offer he could not refuse.
I mean, were the committed suicide that Dr.?
Yeah, like the dog that committed suicide in Jason Williams house.
Right.
And the driver right in the limo driver.
No, but the dog did that.
Since three of us wrote our letter to the guardian and of course it's signed by three public health experts in England.
Anyway, it says since the three of us wrote our letter to the guardian January 27th.
Questioning whether Dr. Kelly's death was a suicide.
We've received professional support for our view from vascular surgeon.
Martin Bernstingle pathologist, Dr. Peter Fletcher and consultant in public health.
Dr. Andrew Rouse.
We all agree that it's highly improbable that the primary cause of Dr. Kelly's death was hemorrhaged from a transaction of a single owner artery as stated by Brian Hutton in his report.
And it goes out with some very complicated medical about this artery and that artery and this transaction and all this other.
Ben says we believe the verdict given is in contradiction to medical teaching is at variance with documented cases of wrist slice suicides.
And does not align itself with the evidence presented at the inquiry.
We call for the reopening of the inquest by the coroner where a jury may be called an evidence taken on oath.
In other words, they're not buying it this old suicide theory of Dr. David Kelly.
Good.
Who was the whistleblower on that whole thing about sexing up the information on Iraq.
And then of course the BBC reported that and in a BBC very quickly was told what they could do.
They made them an offer they couldn't refuse and a whole bunch of them like resigned and ran away because they remember Dr. Kelly.
And they thought we don't want to have that happen it was not that that would happen.
Of course speaking of that death read made in Jackson case and I don't forget I got the vanity of fair column that article.
It goes on for about 20,000 pages on Michael Jackson, which is timely because that the second hearing is going to be today.
He ain't going to be there.
But another hearing on Michael Jackson, they pedophile death read claim in Jackson case.
This ties right in with what's say in that article and vanity fair.
This is from CBS.
The comedy club owner who introduced Michael Jackson to the boy he's accused of molesting says he's been receiving death threats and that he's not the only one getting them.
Jamie Massada said yesterday on CBS news is the early show that he's received threats on his cell home and business telephones and an email.
I'm getting a lot of death threats that they don't want me talking about.
They don't want anybody to talk about anything he told co anchor Hannah Storm.
Listen to me Jamie Massada. It's going to be over for you your family and your business if you don't stop talking about the king of pop reads one of the email messages.
It goes on to say I'm putting a bomb in your life factory his comedy club and your house.
Massada said he's not frightened and won't stop speaking out on behalf of the boy.
The number one thing I want to let people know he needs a kidney still and his blood is oh negative.
It's oh negative.
C.M.P. negative he said so anybody with that blood and if you have a kidney please contact the kidney foundation.
Massada said I wonder if he's related to Isabelle de Cassada.
What's that her name Isabelle de Massada?
Oh.
The next hearing in the cases today but Jackson won't be there.
Lawyers will discuss the date for preliminary hearing where the first evidence will be presented and then we'll take up the issue whether to open court records to the public.
It's expected today to be a much more low key affair than the image anywhere 16 or hundreds of fans packed the streets hundreds of idiots and Jackson find the top is black SUV and damn.
As his songs blasted out just exactly where you hear a here a legal proceeding right.
He was just excited.
We don't anticipate many fans coming today there will be really nothing for them to see Santa Maria police lieutenant Chris Vaughn said.
Judge Rodney Melville brother of Herman has refused to unseal several search warrants today is hearing a request from news organizations including the AP that the records be unsealed.
Judge will also revisit the gag order imposed in the case he may amended to allow attorneys to respond to inaccurate reports.
The court day comes as the singer makes an effort to seize control of his public image.
He's going to be more proactive in speaking for himself on all matters outside the trial said his new spokeswoman Ray Moneke Bane.
He's tired of the circus like atmosphere surrounding him.
Which of course is why he got on top of that SUV and was dancing in Pranson like some kind of a silly goose 19 before 11 at 560 QA.
This is 420 devices QA.
Yes I mean a good quality stuff that can really arouse your interest and you can sit there in the gaze and peer at it.
You can get all the gaze and of course if Angelina Jolido and do it for you I guarantee you right underneath it is a city of women without.
Yeah she's with it right out and it's a beautiful thing don't I Michael policy that he get really pissed off speaking of Michael more I got a really good article by him coming later.
I got just all kinds of stuff here and I know that Miguel is foaming at the mouth let's take a couple of calls though because Miguel is working this first hour.
And he just can't stand me sitting here and reading a lot of stuff because mostly he doesn't understand it.
WQA him hello.
Hey Neil how you doing today?
Pretty good sir.
I want to mention on this carry thing with the Republican flandering going on miss Taree behind carry mentioned that the only way she would dip into that $500 million war chest is if they went after her husband.
So the Republicans better watch out or you'll throw some money on them that they can't quite put together.
One thing you're going to be really interested I just checked again during the last break and even the most ultra right wing websites aren't touching that story with a 10 foot thing.
You know they have not a word about it on there so miss Farge is just strictly put herself on a limb which is okay because he being subsidized by Richard Mellon scape so we can afford to do it.
But just absolute history just throw it up there and hope everybody runs with it and see if we can't do what carry what they did to Clinton.
Their day of reckoning is coming and we don't have a whimper on in this time.
I reckon okay good luck to us pali.
See there you go we had a couple of calls today so far pretty good calls they got a polo ties for the Dave Matthews band and this guy was excellent.
So what what's not to like so far so good we're going for quality not quantity Miguel okay if was up to Miguel we take about 6000 calls unless of course he had a screen.
Right.
Then we know you want right then he'd be all for all or even all the time let's see here's the fact that says the freaking Dave Matthews band you can't tell if he's puking or yodeling he sucks.
Absolutely correct.
I didn't vote for the Dave Matthews band I'll tell you that right now I think I voted for incubus or somebody you voted for like a park just like me.
Like in park and second would have been incubus it says like the grateful dead what was so bit about them well the fact that he's dead anyway.
And of course don't forget the fish food ice cream it says I don't get it today's pool more titties thanks Pete.
Yeah more nudity more sex less violence we don't want all that violence who needs it one violence will go see the Godfather at least it was entertaining was great.
Just this gratuitous violence we don't need that we can open the window and look outside and any city Americans you all the violence you want for free and it's for real.
So let's have a lot more sex on TV just to piss off Michael Paul and all the other goody two shoes right wingers and of course we know that they don't have any sex scandal thank God for that like Bob Packwood and like the guy from Bob Monk what was the name Montgomery okay whatever the hell is anyone living still.
Mr. Livingston I presume I think he was from Montgomery Alabama or the hell he was from Mississippi Alabama all the same crap.
Wow and of course Henry's hide how come he got off the hook so easy because he was old and feeble is at it and fat and rich and rich and that must have been it.
Anyway don't forget that couples contest you got three hours and 11 minutes but who's counting until the deadline to o'clock.
This is the last day of the submit your entries to contest at neorages.com and next week we'll put all the pictures up on our website and you can vote for whichever couple you think is the hottest or whoever you like the most or whoever's paying you off the most whatever.
And a couple of the most votes at the end in other words a week from today to o'clock at the end the contest wins their choice of one of these two prizes either a three night vacation all inclusive with all meals and all beverages the exemption of airfare and personal expenses at heathenism and Jamaica or if you prefer a two night vacation at the world away.
This is resort in casino in the Bahamas which only includes airfare to grand Bahama island all the other stuff you pay for whichever those you want so whichever trip is left over the second to runner up gets that one and the third place winner gets dinner for two at the pizza lock we can have for yourself a great time pick out eat as much as you want and the titter away as the rumors continue shoveling it down there push for free.
You'll have a wonderful time.
I'm going to carry a guarantee and the food to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and rise the marvelous line once we finish with a couple of calls that'll be pretty much it once we dump and go out of there WQA.
Hello.
Yeah, how are you doing buddy pretty good sir.
What exactly did you do to that?
Probably the big one of six he was like winding all night last night about you.
Who's that?
I don't know.
Do you get what's in near edges this near edges that?
Well, I don't even know what you're talking about.
Who is it?
It's one of the nighttime DJs you just want somehow he was like all four hours of a show revolve around wanting about you every time he came back on the air.
On big one oh six.
Yeah, like McClendon McClendon John or talk or he was talking about you all night life.
So like what what was he talking about?
Hey, you were saying F near Rogers and I've never done this with near Rogers and near I was just.
Well, guess what F him how you like that and let's elect John Kerry.
The what do you just say?
Electron Kerry.
Oh, we don't really care if you like John Kerry, but that's fine with us.
Now see they're not going to be great McGill.
That's why if you push it too far then you're going to get that five six seven,
but I want to make sure that while you're there you're entertained with some of these great calls because I know that's the bread and butter.
The meat and potatoes.
That's what it said for you for us.
Fair.
Very cute.
I am hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh boy.
Somebody just sent me an email.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Somebody just sent me an email with next year's halftime show.
Oh boy.
Yeah, yeah.
Janet's covered in duct tape.
Uh huh.
Head to toe.
They a better duck pal.
Just sent that new direction.
Oh, and of course those Canadians who fart a lot like in a South Park movie,
you better get rid of them too.
I should put that on the website.
You know what I think?
Yeah.
That movie was so great.
Oh, and like I said yesterday it fit right in.
You're right.
I watched it on the perfect day.
I've had it for a few weeks now, but I couldn't pick the better time to watch it.
That's right.
Because all of this outrage about the farting horses and the commercial.
Right.
You people grow up.
You're supposed to be adults.
And I'm sure that nobody in Congress in America ever farted.
Oh, no way.
And especially now while they're sitting there in your pubes.
You know what?
No way.
They have a heppofilter.
Can you imagine Henry Hyde when he would cut water?
Good God.
Or Ted Kennedy?
Those beer parts will kill you man.
Probably smells like wet dog.
I love you Teddy, but Jesus God.
Who's an answer to?
87 gay couples went in San Francisco.
Are you ready for that?
Yes.
You have to read the story kept changing like every five minutes because it started out with the first
delusional couple.
And then it was eight couples.
And then it was 15.
And now 87 couples according to the Chicago sometimes.
Which strapped your story by the way, Ms. Fudge, from their website.
They're on you.
In an open challenge to California law, city authorities performed scores of same-sex weddings yesterday and issued a stack of marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples.
Many of the lesbians were stacked.
Jubilant gay couples lined up under city halls gold dome in exchange vows in two-minute ceremonies.
Today, a barrier to true justice has been removed.
The votes had Gavin Newsom newly elected mayor of the city considered the capital of gay America.
No state legally sanctions gay marriage.
It remains unclear what practical value the marriage licenses will have.
The weddings violate a ballot measure.
California voters approved in 2000.
That's the five marriages union between a man and a woman.
And these people yesterday said, baffon gulathiu.
The nuptials began with long time lesbian activist Philus Lyon 79 and Del Martin 83, who have been a couple for 51 years.
By the end of the day, 87 marriage ceremonies were performed and 95 marriage licenses had been issued.
How do you like that?
So I'm thinking like Miguel and Freaky Carlos.
I can just see it this weekend, huh?
Key West?
Who's the other?
Or maybe Muffin, a giant clearance?
Or clearance in the beast?
Yeah, something we ought to do that on Monday.
Well, that could be a good poll question.
Match people up.
Match people up.
Which would you like to see is the next gay marriage, the first gay marriage in South Florida sanctioned by a QM sanctioned by Greg Reed.
Gridlock and marriage, the beta massachusetts, though, the boy talk about there between a rock and a hard place.
They're between Plymouth Rock and the Nantucket.
The state's historic court decision declaring same sex marriage as legal was left in tack last night after a deeply divided hysterical massachusetts legislature was forced to adjourn its constitutional convention.
Without passing a ban on gay marriage, they don't whether the screen read a banana.
Legislative scheduled their next convention session for March 11.
With gay marriage opponents chanting we want to vote and gay marriage supporters singing God bless America and the hallways.
The chaotic session ended in midnight.
Lawmakers were unable to find a majority to support any of four measures designed to overturn the historic November ruling of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Digital Court which declared gay marriage constitutional and said just do it.
Just do it.
Shortly after 10 o'clock last night supporters of gay marriage stayed to the filibuster designed to delay the proceedings until the midnight deadline for the session.
The opponents responded by walking out to focus public attention on what was happening and force the vote.
But senate president Robert Travellini allowed the filibuster to continue by recognizing only lawmakers who oppose the ban on gay marriage to speak until midnight arrive.
Earlier the legislature had defeated a proposed constitutional amendment sponsored by representative filibuster that would have banned gay marriage.
Gay rights advocates applauded the days of ensuingly it succeeded for the moment in their task of keeping any measure that would deny rights to gay's lesbians out of the state constitution for the moment.
And again all the hysteria like I told you the other day is kind of a mood point because the Supreme Court in Massachusetts said do it.
And they said well how about if we just have someone you and they said no do it.
Right and that's going to start in mid May you think there's a lot of marriage in San Francisco you wait to see what's going to happen in Provincetown come to middle of May okay.
And of course I'm sure Miguel's been in Provincetown many times.
You know you can sell like if you're a royal you can sell your title right could you possibly sell your marital status.
Why you want to buy the title queen I'm not so on no I'm going to sell my marital status to some gay deserving gay.
Why see too late now I'm damn it 225 votes what's your take on the mass hysteria over the USA about filth on radio and TV all them titties man they're popping out all over the place they're falling out.
Oh speaking of falling out Christina Aguilera on the Grammy she had a thing and she even made the comment right how the hell she kept those things in there we just unbelievable.
Do you see that yeah glue the Bush government and the FCC are obscene 62 I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 44 let's have more sex less violence 32 freedom in America is dead 26 it was just one partial
tea you morons 20 what's the big deal I agree clean it all up now 13 5.5% are outraged and pissed off although they will watch it again Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole 13 whatever happened to freedom of speech 11 and where do I get my passport quick say eight.
I'm on baby come play with these cities.
Welcome hell it damn near kill them.
Oh everything's under control look at that we got democracy over there right which is why we have all these terrorists that's going on every day it again very disturbing that there weren't all these terrorist acts going on in Iraq every day before the middle of March were there sit on the record.
Although it was also the fact that Saddam Hussein in the devil were having a gay affair in the South Park.
I mean the timing of the whole thing was for me just so special that was made like 98 99.
How probably they were pushing oh no Bush's driving records disclosed the White House disclosed information documents yesterday showing that President Bush had been arrested once for college prank and was cited for two auto accidents and two speeding tickets before he listed in the National Guard.
Why is this I see the traffic violations are significant in the context of Bush's military career.
Oh this is great like I said.
Thanks Russell.
At the time Bush and listed in the Texas National Guard the Air Force typically would have had to issue a waiver for an applicant who had multiple arrested driving violations and officer was served at the same time as the president former Texas Air National Guard pilot Dean Rume was required by the Air Force to get a waiver for a $25.
Speeding ticket when he enlisted in the International Guard in 1967 there is no record of any enlistment waiver and Bush's military file.
And I got a story a little bit later on here in fact in a moment or two Bush a no show at Alabama basis a Memphis guy who was there probably a comedy.
The White House described the four traffic incidents as negligent collisions in July of so I can't read that I can read the year August 62 and two speeding tickets in July and August of 64.
Bush was a teenager at the time well there you go.
There's just the young con.
McClellan didn't indicate any cause of the accident.
He said Bush paid a $10 fine for the speeding tickets a $25 fine for the collisions.
It was not immediately clear whether the amounts were for each incident or combined.
You think the Bush family could afford it?
Bush's military file contained a second document that also might have for any information on any arrest portions of that page is an investment application or blacked out when it doubt they blacked them out.
Now that's bad.
How do you like that?
And you got more of this free stuff now that's right Dan Burton and the love child there's another Republican other phony phony baloney there's so many of them like how about the battle of Maryland Robert Bowman who was a Bible thumping right wing lunatic Republican who was always doing the homophobic thing and then they got caught him soliciting a 15 year old boy for sex with money.
And he became a gay rights activist shortly after that put the Republican party and all of a sudden he turned to the Lord.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't forget like I've always told you the ones who point the fingers.
They're the ones to run like crazy when you see them by the way I like about those pictures apparently we have a couple three more.
Okay, well I'll get around to him. We got plenty of time.
They're coming in there pumping them in.
How's the pool coming? We got such a heavy duty thing here man such heavy duty and of course again now we got to take some calls.
I like the calls.
The video QA hello.
How you doing sir?
Great. I have a couple of comments to make.
One is a little story about my child. He's in fifth grade.
He was going over all the faith birds and bees and flags and all that stuff and while I was prepping him I would always tell him the faith bird is the early bird.
Well, he's a joker like his father I guess and he put that down on his desk.
The principal calls me up and brings me into school to it.
Manage me about him writing that down as the faith bird being the early bird.
Oh Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me?
And then the other comment I was going to make as far as the president and all this stuff going on being blacked out and isn't that.
Hey, he had parents that were able to do things like that. Why not just say it instead of you know all this other stuff.
His parents were loaded. Daddy was the head of the CIA all these things and he had the right connections.
Absolutely. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's see what's your take on the masses.
There are all over the USA about filth on radio and TV.
I do want to mention this yesterday but it's very chilling.
Okay. For all the chilling out there in the audience.
The Bush government and the FCC are of C and 84.
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 54.
Let's have more sexless violence. 45. Freedom in America is dead. 28.
It was just one partial T. U. Morons 26. Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole 18.
I agree. Clean it all up now 17. It's 5.7%.
Whatever I have in a freedom of speech 12.
And where do I get my passport quick 10? I have almost 300 votes.
Now I did read this yesterday but it's very I might read it every day just to make you understand how bad this be getting now.
First rated by the profanity and nudity on television that culminated with Janet Jackson Justin Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance.
Angry lawmakers Wednesday raised the prospect of expanding the fight against indecency on television to cable networks for the first time.
In separate simultaneous hearings members of the House and Senate told members of the FCC in the presence of the CBS Vycom that finds could be just the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and decency on US airwaves.
They're talking about increasing by 10 fold the fines per violation.
Wallmakers including Republicans usually wary of government regulation unless that what it's convenient for their goody to choose posturing raise the possibility of getting even tougher such as passing a three strikes and you're off the air law that will revoke the FCC licenses of repeated fenders.
Senator John McCain favor to suggestion by the consumers union that Congress required cable and satellite operators to offer all a card programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want.
Let me say it again did you people ever hear of parental control of lockouts on TV in a satellite or cable no.
Congress would have to change the rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand its oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airwaves.
It historically has been out of the GFC's jurisdiction again. That's the opposite part of this whole story doesn't go see that's always their rationale.
Well, you know, they're they're using we're loaning to them the public airwaves and they're putting all this filth on there.
Well, cable doesn't use the public airwaves people willingly and voluntarily subscribe to and pay for a service and they watch whatever they want without any government intervention or intrusion but because of the times in which we live because we have a bunch of posturing phone hypocrites on both sides of the political aisle all of whom are terrified of you know,
they're looking like they're endorsing smart God forbid. Smud and filth and teach man. Oh, no, we would never do nothing like that. Right. Right. Even Ted Kennedy would never look at a teacher.
Right. I'm saving that story. I think I might read it every day. It's just it's just so astonishing to me. You're savoring it and George was just lucky is all hell.
It's a good Dan Good thing you saw toxic with Britney Spears this morning at 9.30 in the morning. That was good timing. That was like because MTV is now making an effect.
And we have the list ahead of this couple days ago. Right. They're a list of five videos that they're going to like start. I don't know when they start doing it after you've seen it enough times to tape it.
They're going to start putting it on 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. because well, it's a little bit too racy for daytime because children might see Britney. You know, like they haven't already seen her practically naked as a jaybird.
Not naked enough or off it enough. No, but like I said. So anyway, there you go. But the censorship just continues. The drum beat for cent as we continue taking these.
Not little teeny tiny steps, but each organic huge strides back into the stone age, man. Into the stone age.
This bunch makes Reagan look like a goddamn progressive. Well, it's unbelievable.
From it, it's after 11. Just calm down. Look at all been out of shape. 12 past 11 and 560 WQM. The mad dog.
I get to this afternoon because Willie Williams is busy. The Humper, Hank Goldberg, four to 6 50 at 6 50 till 11 till 11.
Geaters at Hurricane baseball. It's going to be a four hour game. I know the college baseball games are a little on the long side.
I brought cast about 10,000. But 6 50 to 11. Well, whenever the game is over 80 K. I'll be on till 2 in the morning. And then to the 6 a.m. It's sporting news radio. We apologize in advance for that.
President's Day is only a couple days away. It's on Monday. And every year at President's Day, the mall stores and the showrooms go nuts trying to pedal you mattresses with phony sales.
That's right. The ones where they double the price and say, hey, look at this. We're going to cut it in half and give you 50% off. I'll forget about that.
If you want real honest, a goodness, rock bottom prices with no games on the best mattresses all year round. You know what to do called dial a mattress toll free at 1 800 mattress. No phony sales, no bait and swish.
Just every day on beatable rock bottom prices on the best mattresses go anywhere to make sure you and your back at a great night sleep for years to come. They got silly.
Serta Simmons, King Coil, Tempura Pita, can even stir in Savannah's foster. Choose from dozens of models at low on beatable everyday discount prices. Enjoy a great night sleep for years to come by making just one easy phone call.
1 800 mattress and only dial a mattress. They're the only ones still who let you choose the two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day, seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. when you're going to be home on its convenient for you. And guess what? They really show up with low prices. Same day delivery.
Every free set up in a mobile is easy to see why nobody know where comes close to the dial a mattress deal all the way around. So don't get sucked in by those phony presidents. They add or any other ones do with the smart folks, including George Brian McGell and Pat Boyer's truly are doing a QA and also around town call toll free 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 MATTR ES or online. You know where to go. It's mattress dot com.
Roger's. Absolutely.
Wel g crossed to my.
Sit on my life.
It's really all up on
Hey, through my red socks had a way.
I think they're not okay.
All I really wanted was a lactose.
Then we went.
When you get fat, yeah.
Now, tell me, it's back on the block and I can't get away.
Get away! Get up!
Run!
1119 at 560 WQAM.
Youngstown DICs reports 19 abuse allegations done in the last 13 years.
I'll thank Lord for that.
Because it is Friday the 13th.
19 Roman Catholic priest in the Youngstown DICs have been accused of sexually abusing children since 1950.
But none in the last 13 years and uncurrently working in the ministry of the bishops said yesterday.
The allegations involved about 2% of the 860 due priesthood worked in the DICs over the past half century.
Bishop Thomas Tobin said in releasing details as part of a national report due February 27th from Catholic bishops.
The audio.
Why do you even face that to me?
I know just because it's about more bad pre-least.
Oh! Sex crime case brings indictment for priest.
You are your relentless man, your brutal cat-helped.
From the Dallas Morning News, who won't be the first case of its kind, a Dallas County grand jury,
and ended up at a Catholic priest yesterday on charge involving sexual contact with another adult male.
The Reverend John Anthony Salazar, a popular former church pastor in the small Panhandle town of Tullia,
is accused of having unwanted sexual contact with an 18-year-old college student in an Irving Motel last September.
The priesthood's attorney has previously denied that any crime occurred between him and the 18-year-old,
the two had known each other for several years.
As of late yesterday, it couldn't be determined whether father's Salazar had been arrested.
He's not to be living with friends in Crest, a few miles south of Tullia.
Maybe that's why he wanted to do them. Can I Tullia?
He said no thanks.
That's peculiar. Unwanted sexual contact.
In other words, rape.
Or what?
Malice, you know, grab another you never heard about him.
I'll tell you what, ask Kobe Bryant about it.
What was that kid doing in the motel room with him?
Slaven, I say.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Pant.
WQAM, hello.
Let's feel you.
Um, Bob?
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you seen the new Tony Christian playlist?
The one?
Tony Christian's new work about the, you know, the guy that did Asians in America.
No.
I'll check it out.
He's the right way he's up in arms about.
He does that thing about a law of bush, visited by an angel and the ghost of the dead or active children.
You can check it out if on the nation.com.
Okay, I'll take a look at it.
Okay.
Read the nation every day.
And we have lots of fine things at a website every day from Katrina Van Den Hovel and David Corn and all the other great people at the nation.
Oh, this is bad.
Bush and Ocho and Alabama bases got from Memphis.
Here they come.
Bob Mints.
You ever see Bob Mints?
All the time.
Two members of the International Guard Unit that President George W Bush allegedly served with as the young guard flyer in 72 had been told to expect him and were on the lookout for him.
He never showed, however, of that both Bob Mints and Paul Bishop are certain.
The issue of Bush's presence in 1972, a Danley Air National Guard base in Montgomery, Alabama, or the lack of it has become an issue in the campaign as we know because Memphian Mints, now 63.
I remember that I heard someone was coming to drill us drill with a drill with us from Texas and it was implied that it was somebody with political influence.
I was young backslid then I was looking for somebody to prowl around with.
But says Mints that somebody better known to the world now as the president of the U.S. never showed up at Danley in 1972 nor in 1973 nor at any time that Mints a FedEx pilot now and an Eastern Airlines pilot then when he was a reserve first lieutenant at Danley can remember.
And I was looking for him repeated Mints who said that he assumed that Bush changed his mind and went somewhere else to do with substitute drill.
It was not somewhere else, however, but the 187th International Guard Tactical Squadron at Danley to which the young Texas flyer had requested transfer from his regular Texas unit, the reason being Bush's wish to work in Alabama on the ultimately unsuccessful U.S. Senate campaign of family friend Red Blount.
It is the 187th Mints' unit which was cited during the 2000 presidential campaign as the place where Bush completed his military obligation.
And it's the 187th at the White House continues to contend that Bush belonged to as recently as this week when presidential spokesman Scott McClellan released payroll records and later evidence suggesting that Bush's dental records might be on file at Danley.
There is no way we wouldn't have noticed a strange rooster in the hen house, especially when we were looking for him in systems, who was poured over documents relating to the matter now making their way around the Internet.
One of these is a piece of correspondence addressed to the 187th Commanding Officer, then Lieutenant Colonel William Turnipsy concerning Bush's redeployment.
Mints remembers a good deal of base scuttlebutt at the time about the letter which clearly identifies Bush's the transferring party.
It couldn't be anybody else requested such a transfer into Danley. Mints with one time was a registered Republican and a recent years cash boats for presidential elections for Ross, Perot and Al Gore confesses to a negative reaction to what he sees as out and out dissembling on President Bush's part.
You don't do that as an officer, you don't do that as a pilot, you don't do it as an important person, you don't do it as a citizen.
This guy's got a lot of nerve, he said boy, he's got a lot of nerve.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, it's we're going to get to all that Michael Jackson stuff to bad news for you though.
For me bad news for you.
Uh oh.
Florida Supreme Court upholds canker eradication program.
Oh, it's too late for me.
Yeah, but you were going to be able to sue them though.
Not now.
Well, the state's controversial citrus canker law is constitutionally Florida Supreme Court ruled yesterday.
The 33 page unanimous decision rejects a Broward County's judges contention that the law was based on questionable science and said the latest legislature was within its rights to adopt the law.
So George, you lose and so does everybody else.
Why do you lovely trees chop down against your will and your property destroyed in the promise?
Well, now you're just.
Quit.
You always say shut up.
And issues whether the state was right and destroying more than 600,000 residential citrus trees on nearly 200,000 South Florida properties, including Georgia's another 176,000 citrus trees are set for destruction.
Your eradication program is built on the theory that all trees in a 1900 foot zone around an infected tree are exposed and will become infected and must be destroyed.
So you're going to eliminate further spread of the disease.
The impact of the decision of big win for the state's commercial citrus industry was not immediately clear with the decision just an hour old department of agriculture and consumer for a spokesman Terry McElroy said officials that have more to say later on.
This is just tremendous positive news for the industry said Doug Borneek executive director of the Indian Rivers citrus league and association of the largest fruit shippers in the state.
Jack Harry for a lot of the man who had several citrus trees that may now be vulnerable who's late plaintiff in the case had no immediate comment.
So there you go.
You lose.
They want to come in but I'm being if they screw up your property just shut up.
26 past 11 and 560 WQ I am.
By the way, speaking of Skippy, is he an asshole or what?
Okay.
Reason I say that is because I'm going to talk about our good friends at the ML coach Chinese buffet.
It's another account that's keeping her in when he came in and started banging screw and think we think I'm pretty sure it is.
And he just need to do nothing for any of our accounts because he's too busy with her double over on the desk back in or off his back there.
He's too busy of servicing not the accounts just screw in.
Anyway, the ML coach is still going straw strong. They got the best Chinese buffet in the universe.
They've got all the regular buffet delights that you've come to know and love.
You can start out with six different soups, sampled dozens and zillions of succulent unbeatable on praise at the ML coach.
They got your New York strip made awarded their sizzling Asian grill, the brand new seafood saying Jacques oysters on a half shell, a lask and stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy every night.
They've got hand carved prime rib, the brand new Thai specialties.
So if you're looking for a place to really pick out and we're talking about fresh delicious goodies, it's always the ML coach.
Well, they promote healthy living too. Like I always tell you, no MSG headaches because guess what? They don't use any MSG, no cornstarch, no crap and they cook everything only in the best cholesterol free oils as well.
There were faith features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh from cocktail.
And if by some miracle, you're a real pig and have room left at the end of all of that, they've got a great dessert station too featuring Belgian models.
How'd you like to go in there with Fat Boy and Zach?
No.
Oh, sorry, we're closed.
Richard puts a sign up right away. Sorry, we just closed. Yeah, but it's only one o'clock. Yeah, but we're close for you guys.
Emerald coach features a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, even be having watermelon all the time too.
Emerald coach has three South Florida locations for you in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street.
They run Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street and North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crods and pepper pies. So take the whole family, the gods and mishpaka or book your next business luncheon and let the folks at Emerald coach cook up a storm for you.
Man, you can't beat it. Take out and delivery always available to call 954-572-3822. 954-572-3822.
The rest are all imitators that can't even come close to the Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
Hey there, you bastard.
What you did, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you come along with me, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you come along with me, Jenna, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won't you bring your fake ID, Jenna, Jenna won
I'm going to take approval. Oh, yes, terrible news. The most popularity depressed by questions about the war in Iraq, continued economic frustration, public interest is leading Democratic rival, according to the ABC News Washington Post poll, Bushes and I'll take another one. What was the poll I was reading you this morning, which one was that? Oh, that was today in the Washington Post today, yes. The latest Washington Post ABC poll and the poll, uh, pitting Bush against Kerry shows, Carrie 51% Bush 43. Oh, Bush's overall job approval rating has fallen to 50% of the
50%. That's why they're starting out with the, uh, the penis attack desperate. I mean, they are forming it to mouth and they want to derail the Kerry campaign before it gets off the rails. That's what they want to do. Bush's overall job approval rating has fallen to 50% of career low is rating for honesty and trustworthiness is likewise at a new low he's feeling mighty low. For the first time, fewer than half Americans now say the war with Iraq was worth fighting 57% disapprove of Bush's performance in terms of job creation. And like I said, only moments ago, if I would have kept on reading, I would have been
and John Kerry leads him in a head to head matchup 51 to 43%. How do you like that? A lot. I just mentioned that in passing. 5670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line lots of stuff today, man. Got a heavy, heavy plate. Get out your folk. What's your take on the mass hysteria over in the USA over filth on radio and TV? That's our poll question on the O'Rodges.com. So get out your poll and check it.
400 votes. The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 108. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 75. Let's have more sex. Let's violence. 57. It was just one partial teet you morons 38. Freedom in America is dead 35. I agree. Clean it up now 32. 8% of that number is rising, man. They're parked off about it. They're getting porky. Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole 23. Whatever happened to feed them.
They're getting rid of the official Clark endorsement of John Kerry to get ready for it. OK. Well, Judy Woodruff is hyperventilating. Oh, let's pray. Added to an image. Yeah. Michael Moore speaking of people we want to be next president.
Michael Moore and open letter to George. I'm a war president Bush. Dear Mr. Bush, thank you for providing the illegible Xerox partial payroll sheets or whatever they were yesterday covering a few of your days in the National Guard. Now we know that not only didn't you complete your tour of duty were actually paid for work you never did. Did you cash those checks? Wouldn't that be illegal?
Watching the press aggressively demand the truth from your press secretary and refusing to accept the deceit that dodging in the cover up was a sight to behold something we really haven't seen since you took office.
More than one reporter pointed out that those pieces of paper your press secretary waived it to me yesterday mean nothing. Even if they aren't forged documents getting paid doesn't necessarily mean you showed up to do your duties.
As retired Army Colonel Dan Smith the 26 year old veteran told the AP pay records don't mean anything except that you're in or you're out.
So it's not necessarily reflect what duty you've actually performed because pay records simply record your unit of assignment and then all of your pay and benefit per pay period.
Mr. Bush, this issue is not going to go away and I think yesterday's actions just dug you into a deeper hole says Michael Moore.
You're probably wondering why the heck this story just won't die. You probably thought that after I brought it up last month and they got slammed by Peter Jennings for uttering the D word, the whole matter we just disappear as fast as a big bag of blow being thrown out the window of a speeding car on a deserted main highway.
But your desertion didn't go away and here's the reason why you've sent countless numbers of our sons and daughters in the National Guard to their debts in last 11 months.
You did this while misleading their parents and the nation with bogus lies about weapons of mass destruction and scary phony Sodom ties to al-Qaeda.
You sent them off to a never ending war so that your benefactors at Haliburton and New York companies could line their pockets.
And then you had the audacity to prance around in the soldiers uniform on an aircraft carrier proclaiming mission accomplished while the cameras from your reelection campaign at agency rolled.
That is what makes this whole business if you're being a wall so despicable and makes the grief stricken relatives want to turn away from you and disgust.
The reason you're skipping out on your enlistment didn't add in the 2000 election was because we were not at war.
Being stuck in a deadly, daily quagmire now in 2004 makes your military history fiction and your flyboy costume very relevant.
You've still not answered the questions around your National Guard service.
Let me repeat them as simply as I can for you. All of them based on the investigative work of the AP and the Boston Globe.
One, how were you able to jump ahead of 500 other applicants to get into the Texas Air National Guard?
Let's guaranteeing you wouldn't have to go to Vietnam. What calls did your father who was then a U.S. Congressman representing Texas make on your behalf for you to get this assignment?
Two, while you grounded not allowed to fly after you either failed your physical or failed to take it in July 72.
Was there a reason you were afraid to take the physical or did you take it and not pass it? If so, why didn't you pass it? Was it the urine test?
The record showed that after the guard spent years and lots of money training you to be a pilot, you never flew for the rest of your time in the guard. Why?
Three, can you produce one person who can verify that he served with you in the guard during the year that your Texas commander said you didn't show up?
Why did you fail to bring forth anyone who served with you in the guard while you were in Alabama? Why hasn't one single person come forward?
Four, can you tell us what you did when you claimed to have shown up in Alabama for guard duty? What were your duties? You were grounded, so what did they have you do instead?
Five, where are the sign-up sheets that would have your name and service number on them for each weekend you showed up?
Aaron Brown on CNN told us how when he was in the reserves he had assigned any time he reported and his get from the Washington Post said that's right and there would be four copies of that record in the files of various agencies.
Will you ask those agencies to release those records?
Six, if you were in fact paid for the time when you apparently went AWOL when you authorized to IRS to release your 72-73 tax returns.
Seven, how did you get an honorable discharge? What strings were pulled? Who called who?
Look, I'm sorry to have to put you through all of this. I was just goofing around when made that comment about wanting to see a debate between the general and the deserter.
I had no idea that it would lead to this. And there you were having to suffer through Tim Russell on Sunday saying weird things like, I'm a war president.
I guess you believe that or want us to believe that Americans have never voted out a commander in chief during a war. I guess that's what you're hoping for. You need the war.
But we don't and our troops in the National Guard don't either. I know you see the writing on the wall. So why not come clean now? We're forgiving people. Although you won't be returned to the White House, you will fight us a little bit grateful for a little bit of truth.
Answer our questions, apologize to the nation and bring our kids home. Yours truly, Michael Moore. I have it here.
Is he great? Yes.
He doesn't pull any punches. Doesn't beat around a bush. He's got all the facts there to support what he talks about. Just doesn't make a bunch of crap.
Just doesn't throw mud and sling from one side of the other like Miss Fudge. Good God. That whole thing is just, it makes you want to puke.
How can a person live with himself just to be used? Just to be, he's got to be getting paid awfully, awfully well. You know what? Yeah.
He's got to be way up there on that payroll.
Oh, here we go.
Chris Leslie Clark and Dorsi Koon.
Get near the microphone way.
And where we include everyone.
The producer. He's staying up there and petting away from the mic. It's a handlight. He's flying.
Hey, General, get near the mic. How are Deedles so about to use it?
It's one of the highest forms of paper.
We're being patriotic. The accused of force as a last resort.
Somebody push the general near the microphone, please.
18 to noon at 5.60 W.Q.M. Guys Valentine's Day is tomorrow. Be original this year. Give a rock for Montetiber instead of the same old tired, wilting flowers.
That stuff is so old, it's ancient, it's pass. For the price of a dozen roses, a Montetiber keeps giving and giving it last a lifetime.
Choose from lots of great beers like the Be My Valentine beer. The chocolate lover beer or the love me tender Elvis beer.
When a derives, you'll be surprised. Then maybe you'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for and have it had in probably a hell of a long time.
Overnight delivery for Saturday is guaranteed still. It only takes five minutes to order.
So just call this number right now. 1-800-829-Bair.
And a friendly, very counsel will help you choose the perfect beer for your Valentine.
Deliver with Mr. Valentine?
How about Valentine beer? For your Valentine, deliver with a free chocolate in their famous gift box. Call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Don't forget you've still got time. Send your Valentine the creative alternative to flowers with a neat little Vermont teddy bear. Call 1-800-829-Bair.
Be sure and tell him that crusty old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm just going to do it like a few paragraphs here and a few there like a did yesterday, okay? Is that all right? Oh, okay? Well, if it's not too bad by the way something yes
I've got a rather drink in this lime coke that you left here lime dye it. Oh, it's great. It is great. It's a pleasure.
It's really a Katrina keeps because of course she's on a perpetual diet and balance for life, which she's lost about 20 pounds by the way, but
she's really big on the and you want to know why because when you can't have like a sweet
you try to find something with some taste to it in the way around. Oh, do you know that 17% of a listen to me, okay?
17% of America right now is on a low carb diet. That's something. Isn't that incredible? The pita people must be like that.
That's like 50 million people. Yeah, well, the pita people can suck everybody's ass. Okay, including each. Oh, that's right. That's meat. That's right.
No, it's vegetarian. Anyway, getting back to the Michael's action thing, the child meaning this new one, the 13 year old cancer victim,
this child, according to people who know him as far less sophisticated than Jordy Chandler was at his age. That was a 1993 and his relationship with Jackson was not at the same intensity.
Though the setup was when the family stayed at Neverland was very similar. The boys got to sleep with Michael rather than in the guest bedroom up a flight of stairs.
The sister had her own room and the mother was put up in a guest house some distance from the main house. Jackson reportedly made it very clear that he didn't want the girl or the mother around allegedly telling the boys girls are tattletails.
Gaining access to Jackson's private quarters is not at all the easy past Jackson campus suggested in various interviews where they've implied that servants and staff can go freely and observe the goings on.
Young Holy, who was at Neverland on many occasions, describes the layout of Jackson's bedroom.
You went to the main door and on the right hand side, there's a small hallway of about six feet to another door on the left.
As soon as anyone comes to the first door and alarm goes off and the camera mounted above the second door shows on the monitor in his bedroom, who's approaching.
A visitor first enters a large sitting room, sort of a throne room of about 500 square feet where he has a chair where the king sits with other chairs grouped around.
A grouped around. Other chairs grouped around. At least as if the bedroom nobody's allowed in there, even guests.
According to a confidential report prepared for the Chandler suit, electric eyes were installed in the ceiling, 10 feet from the bedroom door, and the system was always active when Jackson was at the ranch.
The alarm was loud enough to be heard in the bathroom, even with a shower running. The alarm was not installed to deter prowlers or kidnappers. The security outside was sufficient for that.
Infrared beams planted every 20 feet and concrete beams on 17 feet of the ground. The bedroom alarm was strictly to alert Jackson to the presence of anyone outside his door.
Inside the bedroom closet was a special cedar closet built to hold your original owner's furs. Five vertical stainless steel panels between the two closets would lower when a five digit secret code was printed in case of a security risk or ran supervisor would alert Jackson by intercom and tell him Michael go to your room. This was the signal for Jackson to lock himself in the fur vault.
Once things were under control, the supervisor would let him out. As for other surveillance, young holy says Michael has a very bad habit of videotaping and recording everyone his entire house is wired so we can hear conversations anywhere, kind like Alistair on passions.
A similar situation is set up when Jackson travels. Security has a monitoring room with cameras trained on the hallway to his hotel suite and on the interior of the suite.
One of the largest bills in the expense reports filed in Leeds case was from a local audio visual store for hundreds of thousands of dollars. One time in New York, I got a hundred and fifty thousand dollar bill for surveillance equipment says Lee's sister so young.
And her other sister is two young who was the chief legal officer for Jackson International between 98 and 2001. She was often frustrated because the stores invoices never specified what the money actually went to purchase.
But she thought that was the way Michael wanted it. Once Michael bought seventy thousand dollars worth of merchandise and they were very difficult to deal with because they were very secretive about what it was that Michael bought.
I heard it was mostly surveillance equipment to watch his own staff, kind of like Alistair on passions.
Young holy who traveled to the world traveled all over the world with Jackson observed his behavior at first hand. He had a number of guests in the suite for the night.
They were always boys in the 10 to 13 year old range Lee ads. I've never seen him share a suite with an older teen boy a girl and or an older female. I thought it was very strange.
He said a family from the Netherlands Netherlands. Netherlands with two young boys stayed with Jackson and his sweet and the sun city in South Africa when he was along.
The parents stay just as June Chandler, Jordy's mother had in the suite, but in a different bedroom. Lee paid the bills for the family's first class holiday and gifts.
Jackson's own children often stayed in rooms away from the suite and security and staff usually slept in a different part of the hotel altogether.
For anyone familiar with the Jordy channel, in case seeing the current boy lovingly lay his head against Jackson's shoulder and he martin vyshered documentary was a shock.
The boy was very much the same type as Jordy, the same age and repeatedly repeated the same words that Jackson once allegedly had told Jordy.
If you love me you'll sleep on the bed. Jackson even had the same nickname for both Jordy and this boy, Rubba.
The boy made it clear on camera however the Jackson slept on the floor. The documentary aired in the US on February 6 but it had been broadcast three days earlier in Britain and it immediately caused a stir because of Jackson's admissions about his habit of sleeping with little boys.
Suddenly the grandparents neighborhood was filled with TV satellite trucks. The mother claims she hadn't even known that the special was being made.
Grenada television was produced to special, claimed it had gotten permission from the maternal grandmother which the grandmother denies.
If he did well on the show, Jackson allegedly told the boy he would help him get into show business. The boy praised him on the program soon after the taping with the boy was complete, Jackson took off.
I should be that sentence again, but if he did well on the show, Jackson allegedly told the boy he would help him get into show business.
The boy praised him on the program soon after the taping with the boy was complete, Jackson took off.
Then suddenly, about the time the documentary was shown on ABC's 2020, Jackson invited the boy to Florida ostensibly for a news conference which never took place.
The mother says she insisted that she and the boys two siblings go along with Chris Tucker on a private jet.
According to the family accounts, Jackson was peed and made it clear he thought the mother was expendable.
After several days in Miami where Jackson allegedly gave the boy alcohol, everyone flew back together and there was reportedly more drinking of Jesus juice out of Coke cans to be continued.
It goes on, it just gets worse and worse and more and more incriminating. I mean there is no doubt. How did no doubt it on the poised in? Not to good.
There's no doubt. You have any doubt? Not at all. Good. Oh, just missed that. Damn it.
During cake and just a suspicious. A suspicious. Something. All right. I'm vicious. A propitious. We'll get to it. On the CNN.
Anyway, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 team for rising wireless line. Don't forget. Join Joe Castella for happy hour today.
4 30 to 6 30 to 7 noon at JP Mulligan's on the tap from Lingo in Pemberg Pines. Stop by for $3.00. Bex and Bex lights plus win T-shirts and Panthers to get to. Panthers wonder third in the row against the halfless pathetic.
Shouldn't be in the league no more Pittsburgh Penguin last night. 5 to 1. I just mentioned that passing. Leaves beat pathetic Columbus 4 to 1 last night too.
And don't forget to join Joe Castella and Mark Eisenberg tomorrow noon to 2 at Lord of the LBMW at 14,800 Sheridan Street. Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where hours the best and the food is damn good too.
2 hours and 5 minutes of the deadline for our hot couples contest email those picks contested new arches.com. What just set you another one. We got about 20.
And by the time we got 19 or 20. If you send me one more we got 20 and by the end of the day might have about 30 man. We surprised me at all. We got 27 now. We do. Yes. 27. 27. Like I said. About 30 man.
5 to 1. By the end of the show maybe more. Let's see Tom says if Michael Moore needed a kidney or lung or an eye he has mine anything to keep me alive in other 100 years. It's Tittygate.
Yeah. You got it Tom. Tittygate and penis gate and body part gate and OG who is a bang in this one who cares. You know. I don't think anybody even cares no more. See that's the part that's going to bother them.
They care if the president was a wall and then prince to be a war hero and sends all these kids off to die for war that we shouldn't be fighting. They care about that.
There's a lot of things they do care about but some things they don't care about that much anymore because they've already been thanks to miss fudge and a whole penis gate and kidney star.
They've already been desensitized to that crap and like I said yesterday but I really understand the significance of it.
It's a damn good thing this stuff is happening now right because now they understand the desperation of the Republican National Committee and Carl Rowe and the Bushmaster because they know that the really heavy duty stuff is coming at him this time and there's still several months before the election.
And so they're going to unleash every kind of dirt they're going to stick their nose into carries a back into his crotch just like drudge retort says most headline it was great.
Which one oh delving into carrying the pants delving deep in there I wish I think I'll pass on that.
He might like those Canadians.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM if you think it'd buy a new car truck if you want to save yourself a hell of a lot of cash here's what you ought to do make the trip and visit Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
There on U.S. 1 it's only 20 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth to drive to save thousands and zillions of dollars on great new Toyota's you can't beat their deals like these.
In O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990 and O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990.
Need a truck how about this in O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America from just 14 990 when you buy your new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead you get a free sun pass and this was the first dealer in all of South Florida offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to treat you right and put you in a great deal with a new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference to locally owned and operate in their committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
They're probably big fans of George Armstrong to the chief their service department is open week nights late to late to make sure your service work is done and done right easy to get there like I said conveniently located at U.S. 1 and 290 3rd Street in homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
So if you fed up head up to your ears with those mega dealers who over promised under liver called David Rich Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM at 305 242 3247 that's 305 242 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Grab a little and save a hell of a lot on that great new Toyota.
We're sports radio 560 2 am.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
The next beer factor also entertainment approved by the FCC seal of good White House keeping we locked FCC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boo.
See this Mike this is a boom Mikey.
Stop it. Stop this.
I'll find you see this one. See this one here Mikey.
It's a bumper sticker for the fight again.
Breast cancer.
It will be away from me.
Fuck you little sissy. Here's my breath.
Beer factor with Michael Powell must see TV for the minds of ignorant little babies.
Brought to you by direct TV now with over 200 cows of garbage is shit.
I was sworn I heard the book of Brian's voice in the middle that break there to you.
Maybe just briefly what that was all about my bad.
12.03 at 560 WQM.
Jeremy this brings a fact is this from the Fort Myers news press one of America's prestigious papers but important in Florida and for us.
Voters will not be asked to repeal the class size reduction amendment this year because broads the public because of broad public support for it.
Broad the public the public a lot of broads in the public and the politics around in the upcoming presidential election the key legislators say yesterday.
State Senator Bert Saunders Republican and Naples who's leading the African West voters to partially repeal the amendment said the plan is not to put the measure on a ballot in November 2006.
Because of the nature of the issue there are a lot of people who are concerned that this is not the best year to put it on a ballot.
Saunders said poll show for ready and support the constitutional amendment voters passed in 2002 and governor Jeb Bush doesn't want anything to interfere with his brothers.
Re-election bid Saunders say yesterday.
That is not true said Jacob D. P. E. Bush spokesman that has no bearing.
He said Bush supports a full repeal because of the multi-billion dollar cost but has an endorse to plan.
Saunders purified as a marks later after they made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
He said, remember Dr. David Kelly?
The governor has not made any formal announcement. He said he's basically been quiet.
It's my belief that part of it has to do with the national implications as well as polling information.
Lee County's school superintendent James Browder who loves his daughter said school board chairwoman Jean Dozier who lunched with Saunders at the Voranda on Thursday said he remember being told that Bush didn't want to rush the initiative and the election was part of the reason.
That was a consideration Dozier said not wanting anything controversial on the ballot.
Get it? I get it.
Don't want to interfere with the chance to fix. I mean to get his brother out winning a floor it again this November.
See what they realize is it's not even going to be close this time.
Right.
Because we're going to get all the dark votes are going to get out to vote the revenge factor.
That's right.
Because they're going to be even without Catherine Harris running for anything except for her right.
I think I read about that on the sludge report that she was on some kind of a plane.
They're not going to be deterred by roadblocks this time either. They're going to go right there.
That's right. They're going to crash right through those roadblocks. In fact, if they see a roadblock, they're going to floor it is what I think.
Oh right.
That's right.
And since everybody says carpooling is a great idea, there's going to be just loads in every car. They're going to have them in the trunk under their ass, under the seat. Right.
Dark folks are great pickers. I mean, you name it illegal aliens.
498 votes on that poll. Now, let's see. The one of course we're interested in.
What's your take on a massive stereo all over the West about filth on radio and TV.
I agree. Clean it all up now. 38 7.6%. Clean it up now.
Like Carlo told what's your name in Godfather. Now what he said?
You get it right. Clean it up now. You get it.
Brat. That's what he told her.
56705. What that was her name?
Cajun Shire.
Connie.
Connie. I'm so sorry. See, it's almost a weekend.
I need the weekend to refresh my brain. What's left of it?
5670560. I give the numbers out because once in a while here we'll slip in a call or two just to keep Miguel happy back there in promotions.
Right. Right.
Well, he's not happy if I read for the whole solid four hours plus I'm just now.
I think today is the turning point for me. You notice I'm not like gagging and choking and puking.
Right. Clean as a whistle.
Oh, and I'm glad I mentioned that.
Mad dog. I'm sure he's not listening right now, but will somebody please tell him he doesn't have a cold?
I heard him yesterday. Do you hear him?
No.
All scratchy and nasal and complaining of having a cold. He's got symptoms of a cold, which is what Hank had and what you had.
And what I've had now three and a half weeks, it took me to get rid of the two M corporate crud a place where we have no exterminator.
Of course, if you're going to be a exterminator, you don't need one in that building because they're doing a good job of it already.
We got ants up the ass in that building all over the studio. The Georgia sit in right now.
Josh has probably got ants in his pants.
And we got filth. It just filth and mung.
So there's a corporate disease in the fence. And that's why everybody Moe had it, right?
Absolutely.
The Humberhead had said he told me to take him over three weeks to get rid of it just like me. Three weeks plus to get this garbage out of your system.
So thanks a lot, Greg. Hope you're enjoying that sushi, man.
5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it. See, he probably don't even like sushi, but he feels that it's very hip and very in the sushi, right?
Okay. And talk about sports a lot.
Sports!
WQM, hello.
Hi. I want to tell Neil that they wanted to keep the filth off the air that you keep the Republicans off.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Well, it comes out of the mouth about everybody.
Okay. What do you mumbling?
Nothing.
He means well. He's just turned 100 and he is turning up his hearing aid.
Okay. Just relax.
It was fun. It's Friday the 13th, okay?
He's just a dual-acquistic hand, which is pretty terminal, but what do you expect when he gets to be 148?
It was Nathusla's grandpa.
WQM, hello.
Hey, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Hi, Neil. My name is Cynthia. I'm one of your few and proud female collars.
What do you want to do?
I've got the go-match-year Michael Jackson stuff.
It reminded me of your Buffalo Bill sketch. Can you play that?
It reminded you of the Buffalo Bill sketch?
The lotion in the basket.
Oh, that's a Buffalo Bill. I thought you were talking about the football team.
No.
You've got it. Sweetheart. Have a great weekend.
Thank you.
See you, Cynthia. Bye-bye.
Yeah, once you said Buffalo Bill, I thought you was talking about that.
That was a Buffalo Bill. Sure.
That's immediately in the coast of shore that we're too inundated with the sports stuff.
We've been brainwashed.
See, but that's not what we're playing.
We're playing the, it puts the lotion in the basket for a soon-replaintment.
Here's an article in, what is this publication?
Oh, it's a website.
Business 2.0 blog. It's a blog.
And it says, is this man obese? See, this whole thing with that.
Let me say it again. What Miss Fudge is doing with the carry stuff,
with thrown all this, all this shmure and all this crap over there.
It's the old philosophy of if you put it out there and didn't I mention this the other day
when I start with the Atkins being 60 pounds overweight in it.
It started showing up in every major newspaper on the networks.
Oh my God, look at this. When he died, it was $153 pounds. He was a fat slob.
What did he know about dieting?
Well, guess what?
Here are photos. If you look at the speaker of your radio, I guess we could put this on our website.
Hold it up to the light and see it.
Oh, look at that.
Here are photos of Dr. Bob shortly before his death, before he had that slip and fall.
It says, is this man obese?
It's hard to believe Robert Atkins, way 258 when he died last April as the Wall Street Journal contended Tuesday.
Last February, just a couple of months before his death, I had dinner with a diet doctor at a French restaurant on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
And was most struck by how frail he seemed.
He wasn't thin, but it was hard to see his physique exactly because with the day after a big blizzard, he was wearing a thick sweater.
Atkins ordered fish, went without bread or potatoes, had cappuccino with cream.
He did say something about wanting to take off a few pounds, but we're talking three pounds, not 50.
These photos were taken for our story on February 24th, about two months before his April 17th death.
Does he look as if he's 60 pounds of weight to you?
No.
Absolutely not.
In fact, he doesn't look like he's really maybe a couple of pounds, but like the guy says, three isn't exactly 50 or 60.
So it goes to show you again. It's the big lie, like Hitler said.
You know, just keep screaming it, repeating it.
Who was it?
Hitler said it, Joseph Gerbos.
Something like that.
Donald Rumsfeld, John S. Croft, one of them.
Richard Poole, one of those guys.
Not the one on Waxie, by the way.
You jackass.
Man.
So just, you know, get in the media and have everybody, and that's exactly what they try to do with his carry thing.
It's kind of like Lewinsky Gate, penis gate, part two.
Only I don't think it's going to stick this time, Matt.
I don't think it's going to happen, Matt.
It might be something sticking to your...
Go wash it off.
Okay, people are talking.
God.
I'm never...
I'm not going to look at that thing again.
And I'll say it one more time if you want to have some real good information.
And if you live at the same time, click on at link drudge.com on our website drudge.com for the drudge retort.
We're going to get some real facts.
And like I said, if you would live at the same time, at the somebody's expense.
And deservedly so.
Hope you're proud of yourself, Lynn.
A prominent past noon at 5.60 WQA.
Am I in the wrong hour in the log?
Maybe.
I think I shmit canned the a new hour to log.
That's throw it out.
I'm in the one o'clock hour.
Well, almost done then.
Oh, what hour is it, George?
I already did the 12 o'clock actually a year.
Well, we're skipping an hour today.
Right.
Maybe you didn't fast me an hour, or maybe I just shmit canned it.
You think that's possible?
You did the 12 and I don't think you did the 11.
Okay, so what do we got coming up now?
You can fast me during the breaking.
You can fast me a copy of it just so I have some idea what we're doing.
Sure.
What are we doing now?
I don't know, does he have no lives spot right now?
Oh, like he said, he have no lives spot right now.
So just hit the button, dummy.
Oh, this is what you will buy for the QA app.
I'm in the basket.
This is Debbie.
Oh, hi, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if you get some coming talk.
And lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery face hit all of these things.
And there's wondering.
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, it can't be done, but I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
In their bond-looking entry, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the term, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
1218.
A little bit of confusion when it's long thing here today, because in that break, Vermont
teddy bear was the ex-spot.
My bad.
That's why I guess I'll do it in the next break.
Okay.
We're just doing whatever the hell we want, because it's Friday.
It's Friday the 13th.
What we found to have like a little...
Sure, you bet.
I'm bound.
Up.
You'd like to be.
I'm bound back to normal now.
Oh, wait till you hear this story.
A little something, a little levity here in the middle of all this.
Teen accused of fricking card dealer.
I love this from Newark, New Jersey.
Where it really stinks all the time.
A teenage boy posing as a banker, duped in Ohio Cardiel, ship in delivering a $123,000
B.M.W. to him.
At his high school police said yesterday.
Excellent.
Isn't that great?
A second order was never shipped after the dealership became suspicious and the team was
arrested.
The first car was later found in Raleigh, North Carolina.
He apparently sold the car and ended up in a dealership in North Carolina, said Detective
Scott Davis of the Dublin, Ohio police, no kind to George Davis, who used to drive at
Northfield Downs.
The boy was 16 in early January when he ordered the 12th cylinder 2004 B.M.W.
760 Li with black sapphire metallic paint and a heated steering wheel and seats.
He told Midwestern Otter Group that his bank would confirm the wire transfer authority
said he was 16.
After completing and returning paperwork that was made, it was home to the team called
the dealership pretending to be a banker confirming the transfer.
The car was delivered to him at Dickinson High School in January 27th, two weeks after
the boy turned 17.
Why are you fixing me the whole log again?
I got arrested for fun.
Just keep fixing all these.
Just to try to confuse me.
Okay.
I already did this hour.
Okay.
Trust me.
Did that hour?
Are you sure?
Anyway, no, I really should do it.
He had the same day he ordered a second car, but when Midwestern Otter Group learned the
first payment was never made dealership contact with the police, the boy was arrested at
his Jersey City home late last month.
Police said the team was not hard to find.
He did use his correct name as far as I know, Davis said.
That's pretty smart.
The team is charged with theft by the theft.
There was no longer in custody.
Authorities didn't release his name because he's a juvenile.
They were pretty clever one.
And he sure drives a fancy car.
I'll send you that.
Right?
Right at a hard bargain.
He drives a hard bargain.
What's your take speaking of hard bargains?
What's your take on the mass hysteria all over the US about filth on radio and TV?
Although I don't think there really is mass hysteria all over the US.
I think it's just in Washington, DC, with the FCC and a bunch of cowardly politicians,
Democrats, Republicans, Independents, a bunch of cowards, a bunch of spineless, phony cowards
who are all screwing their brains out, but they have to put on a goody two shoes act
for them because it's an election year especially.
I mean, even in any year they have to act like, oh, we were not a favor of that, but
an election year forget about it, right?
Right.
541 votes.
The Bush government and the FCC are obscene.
147th.
Absolutely.
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 99.
Let's have more sex, less violence.
Oh, right.
78.
It was just one partial teet you morons 54.
That's what started this whole thing was a titty.
Freedom in America is dead 46.
I agree.
Clean it all up now.
You get a bastard 38 people 7%.
Michael Powell is a grandstanding ass.
Whole 33.
Whatever happened to freedom of speech 29.
And where do I get my passport quick 17?
We could tell you but we won't.
Right?
Right.
We won't.
I got to give me my passport renews a matter of fact.
It's certainly get filled up.
Oh, how many more pages long?
It's not the long.
Huh?
I just hit the long.
I don't know where my body is sending me the long page after the long page.
I guess we're staying out till midnight.
All right.
Man, we got a sponsor.
I didn't know what you were missing.
OK, we're all set.
No more long please.
It's official.
And I already told you this a little while ago, but just to make sure not let me ask you
this question.
If Wesley Clark believed that there was any chance that this fudge crap, excuse me
for that.
Easy.
That this misfudge stuff was going to stick about carry in the intern and about the sex
scandals.
Do you think that if he thought there was any chance of that the sticking that he would
have endorsed carry today?
No.
Retired Army General Wesley Clark endorsed his former Democratic rival John Kerry today
calling him the next president of the United States.
Absolutely.
Clark appeared with Kerry in Wisconsin and standing far from the microphone.
Clark paid tribute to Kerry's military service and be it nomin said he would do everything
he could to help Kerry win the Democratic presidential nomination in the White House.
Before Clark made the announcement of Democratic source called Clark's endorsement a significant
step forward for the Kerry campaign, predicting would draw Southern and military votes to
Kerry, who's won trouble the first 14 Democratic contests.
There you go.
And by the way, he's got many points.
Kerry is ahead in Wisconsin.
But 30 men.
But 30 men.
Wow.
Like an echo in here.
That's right.
That happens to be correct.
It's about 30 points ahead in the polling in Wisconsin.
I wonder if the good doctor knows that yet and is a me a swipe.
Do you think that they know that he's 30 points ahead?
And they we say, sir, request permission to come aboard the Army's here.
That was cute, wasn't it?
And he gave a big hug.
And I think a little tongue to their Kerry stuck his tongue right down the general throat
and he liked it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 5, 6, 8, 6, 8, 5, 5, 6, 8, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
16, 16, 16, 16, 30 or
just be willing to be making meals this time,
and you miss your fun,
the Vermont Teddy Bear keeps giving and giving and last a lifetime.
Choose from lots of great bears like to be my Valentine bear,
the chocolate lover bear or the love me tender Elvis bear.
When it gets there, she'll be completely surprised
and she'll think at least for a while that you're the greatest guy
for sending such a thoughtful gift and maybe you might get lucky
to and get the gift that you've been hoping and praying for on your knees.
Overnight delivery for Saturday is guaranteed too,
so like I said, you still have time, but do it now.
It takes just five minutes to order. Just call tool free,
1-800-829-Bair and a friendly bear counselor who knows their stuff
will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine,
delivered with free chocolate in their famous gift box.
And you haven't lived and you've seen their gift box.
Call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year, do the right things.
Send you Valentine the creative alternative flowers,
acute little Vermont Teddy Bear and put a big smile on her puss.
Call 1-800-829-Bair and tell the old Neil Torre to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
Find and local,
we are Sports Radio 560, ceiling,
UAM.
This is a bunch of hoot.
Thank you inside your favorite celebrity home.
It's M.P.V. Cribs.
Today we're in Chappacol New York.
Hey, Cribs, me Casasucaso.
Watch your step now, don't trip on my rubbers.
We're new for more rain.
Here you go, Cribs. Check it out.
My pride and joy, my celebrity cheese noodle collection.
Look at this one here. Looks like Mr. Spock.
See the ears?
Over here, it's my boom, boom, boom, boom.
Love bedwine.
Oh, Billy, I've been waiting for you. I am so...
What?
Steamy Philly on board.
Next room. Here is my kitchen.
Come on over and play with me, Billy.
What?
Hot cheeks on the griddle.
Next room. This is my TV room.
I'll say it's called me, you back of your life.
Surround monkey love sound.
Next room. You know what?
Maybe we should just head outside.
Check it out. Here's my poo.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
What?
Three chicks in the fountain.
Which one will Bill Clinton was?
MTV Cribs.
Come on!
Come on!
Come on, 30, 20, 50, 60, W.Q. and Mad Dog, two of the Humphorid Four.
We got the Hurricanes' baseball gators at the Miami.
10-7-9.
I got the Brady Quinn picture, so I'm going to be busy now.
Okay.
Wow.
He's almost too pretty, you know what I mean?
No. What do you mean?
Well, to be honest, I don't know what I mean.
Well, he's just pretty. He's just a...
Party.
He's got a party now.
Yeah.
And his one picture there, is that his brother?
Is that his... one of his...
One of his brothers?
Another.
Is that his significant other?
No.
He's a quarterback for Notre Dame, if anybody does know who Brady Quinn is.
Just take a Tom Brady and Pat Quinn.
And for me, that's easy.
By the way, it leaves one last night.
I'm sorry to the panther.
Anybody care?
No.
Not in that crowd.
And there he is with some fairly ugly Notre Dame chicks.
Well, the one that's... I don't know.
They're not too good.
But anyway, thanks for the pictures whoever said that.
That just made my whole weekend.
Man, I'm sitting here with my...
with my nose right on the screen on my monitor.
I'm wondering it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, audit, AT&T.
It's enough to make me a Notre Dame fan, not...
Like I said, it's a fabulous thing.
Notre Dame sucks.
And he's the quarterback.
So what's not to like?
Maybe he sucks.
Yeah.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yes, sir.
Just a couple of quick questions and please correct me if I'm wrong.
I think you might be wrong.
Okay.
First, how correct you if you're wrong?
Wasn't this kind of administration the one that made a very significant part of their campaign?
The issue of the fact that there was too much government involvement in our daily lives...
All but that's supposed to be a staple of supposedly conservative philosophy is that big government is bad,
get the government out of our lives.
But the only problem is when it comes to sticking their nose into your bedroom,
that's a different story.
So when you're passed...
I guess that again falls under the category of Sohu Ride.
Right.
And secondly, I'm watching this whole FCC thing.
Yeah.
And we're looking at everybody.
Who knew what went, what did Les Moonves know and see the rest?
Has anybody ever investigated or qualified?
Is Paul to be the chairman of the Federal Communications Committee?
Sure, he's the Secretary of State's son.
Oh, that's the qualification.
Can you tell me this?
And he's got a real light complexion too, which makes him impalatable.
But I was born in the wrong family.
You better get with it, man.
Okay.
See ya.
Okay, thank you.
He got into the garden, he skipped over to those 500 other guys who were waiting
and why he was able to take off and have a good time and go campaigning in Alabama.
And to whatever it is that he wanted, Mr. Physical, all of these things.
Daddy's buddy's gave millions of dollars to invest in the rest.
Daddy's buddy's just like they put him in the oil business, which he failed.
Just like Daddy's buddy's helping get control of the Texas Rangers and make those millions of dollars.
I mean, how can you be in the oil business in Texas not once but twice and lose money?
I mean, that takes some real special skill.
You got to be really dumb.
But you know something, really.
Really?
To show you a spe- I'm glad you mentioned that.
To show you dumb. Al Gore. There's dumb.
Yeah.
They had all of this stuff.
They knew all these things back in 2000.
But of course, they didn't want all the penis gate above a stuff thrown back in their face.
So they had the liability of that not being able to run on this whole morality thing and about honesty and integrity.
Because if they did that, then they would throw all the bobble stuff, the bobble miceies again and Monica would have to go with Gore.
Because of the fact that he was the vice president under Bubba.
He was attached to him at the hip.
Well, he wasn't porky monoclemonic.
How do you know that we know?
Well, who now would touch him anyway?
Even Tipperine, Tipperine, lately.
But I mean, why the hell did they wait so long in the thing?
I'm just really positive now.
There's no question in my mind that this abortion story in Texas is going to fly.
And it's coming.
I think it's got wings.
Yeah, I think it's got wings and legs and whatever.
Perpellers.
I think it's going to fly this time.
Because if they're already talking about it, what they're trying to do is already go into denial.
Say, oh, if you hear this, don't believe it because it's just making it.
Right.
I mean, what is that?
That's like saying, if somebody tells you that I killed three people, don't believe them, you know.
Right.
Yeah, but why would anybody tell me that?
I don't know.
I just have this feeling somebody's going to make it up.
Hey, just there's just something wrong.
There's something really stinks.
Oh, I can smell it now.
I thought it was.
I was speaking to someone.
Oh, it must be Martha Stewart.
It's broad and obstruction of justice.
Yeah.
You know, she's such small potatoes.
Just slap her on her wrist and let her go back and make some more cookies.
I don't care about her anymore about Scott and Lacey Peterson.
We've got important fish to fry.
Okay.
Now, Brian Dickerson writes, let's pray the president knows better.
It's on our website.
This is from the Detroit Free Press.
Now, you're going to love the way this starts.
Priest.
I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Reagan has manifested.
So far, there seem to be three.
She's convinced.
Second priest.
There is only one.
An experienced priest explains the facts of evil.
It was younger colleagues.
They prepared a confront.
A 12-year-old possessed by Satan in William Peter Vladys 1973 thriller The Exorcist.
That's the power of grace to peril you.
When you order the invasion of a rack last March, President George W. Bush rested his case for war on two fundamental assertions.
The first, that Sodom Hussein continued to harbors talk piles of chemical biological or nuclear weapons has largely been discredited.
The second, that Austin, the Iraqi dictator, would diminish the chances of another 9-11-style attack on US citizens
was based on even flings your evidence.
But unlike the WMDR, he meant to assert that who Sains Bathast and Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda were two sides of the same terrorist coin persists,
notwithstanding the dearth of supporting evidence.
As recently as the Saudi encounter with Meet the Press host Tim Russell, Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq by invoking the context of 9-11.
We were attacked, and therefore every threat had to be re-analyzed, the President said, every potential harm to America had to be judged in the context of the war on terror.
The conventional anti-Bush view, articulated most forcefully by Al-Gorthia the day, is that the President's war on terror argument is at bottom a cynical deception.
Bush knows full well the difference between Sodom and Osama, the argument runs, but he's not above exploiting the 9-11 fears of those who don't.
But what if the President is sincere? What if he genuinely believes that the 9-11 attacks provided not just a plausible excuse for invading Iraq, but an irrefutable case for war?
What if he's convinced like the veteran priest in the exorcist that efforts to distinguish one demon from another are meaningless? There is only one.
There is scant evidence to support such a simplistic model. The U.S. occupation of Iraq has been a magnet for terror with not a repellent, intelligence officials here in elsewhere are preoccupied with the new collection of regional militant groups independent of Al-Qaeda, but quite possibly is capable of reaking 9-11 scale havoc.
And it appears that a single government scientist in Pakistan with support of the war on Iraq has done more for nuclear proliferation than all of Hussein's lab rats together.
In short, if Bush remains convinced that the conquest of Iraq was a significant victory in the war on terror, he's flying in the face of some powerful evidence to the contrary.
And if he genuinely believes that the 9-11 attacks butchers the case for war on Hussein, he's guilty of something more dangerous than cynicism.
It's one thing for frightened citizens to want to strike out at whatever target evails itself. It's another matter and terribly for their commander in chief to mistake that Roy Emotion for rational policy.
Sinicism is an ugly thing in the leader of the free world, but confusion in such a man is downright terrifying. As he continues to play on the phantom nexus between Iraq and 9-11, let's hope the president is just exploiting the people's cluelessness and not betraying his own.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
Good one.
aines drink, on the
aines, on the
One-Sourced Story, which has been gleefully picked up by Rush Limbaugh, the Wall Street
Journal, foreign newspapers, and a handful of U.S. press outlets.
Some members of the press warrant is enthusiastic about letting broad-set donations news agenda.
As Joe Connison is American politics summary turning to the bad old days when Washington
journalism became frenzied with sheet-sniffing and keyhole peeping.
That seems to be the default program of the right-wing media machines whenever Republican
pull numbers sink into the red zone.
The tail tail T-A-I-L, tail tail first appeared in Watch Blot where we had that before.
And it just goes on and reveal what we had in the first one.
It's a bit of a long time, it don't have any legs, it's not flying.
And then we'll get to the Joe Connison piece in the next hour.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well I'm so glad, thanks Ms. Fudge for getting us to get your stupid ass website, the link
off of our website and putting on there the drudgerytorch.com excellent website beauty.
Plus it's got at least a little color to it, a little yellow as in yellow journalism.
Do you think there's any symbolism there?
No, coincidence.
Okay, let's get back to Michael Jackson's showing.
Well we've got a long, this is going to take me into Monday and maybe even Tuesday and Saturday.
Monday, Tuesday.
Anyway, talking about this documentary on 2020.
The documentary we had immediate repercussions for the boy, his mother called Masada in tears.
They've been in the gas station where kids recognize the boy from TV and started teasing him for sleeping with Michael Jackson and calling him gay.
You're gay.
Masada who had not yet seen this special answer if she had given permission or signed a release for the boy to appear on TV.
According to Masada, she said no adding the Jackson's camp was trying to get her to sign something now.
Masada told her to ask Jackson if he had given permission.
Then Masada and several insiders claimed the Jackson camp swung it away, she had a number of fronts.
Principal members of the team, minding the family reportedly were gay porn producer director Mark Schiffell,
who had once produced a song for Jackson, his longtime handler Frank Tyson known as Casio, who traveled when he was a child with Jackson and Vinnie Eman from New Jersey.
The bewildered family had little idea of what was going on but they wanted to help Jackson.
The boy was very high on Michael's said a family associate.
They are simple people. Masada tells me.
The mother called Masada again even more upset.
She explained he says that someone had called the LA Department of Children and Family Services, the DCFS,
and they want to interview her because they think she's an unfit mother, allowing her kids to sleep over at Michael Jackson's
and they're going to take her kids away, what shall I do?
Masada says she went into the February meeting worried to death he was going to lose her children.
According to several sources, including Masada, representatives of Jackson's drove her into the meeting and tried to sit in on it.
When they were told no, a Jackson person handled the mother a tape recorder and ordered a tape to meeting but she didn't.
At that point she says she still knew nothing about Les Malistatian's outcall and denied any wrongdoing on Jackson's part,
apparently the Jackson person told the agency that the children were put in private schools and the family provided with a home.
The boy had dropped out a public school about after the teasing and the family was staying at Neverland allegedly for their own protection.
Much has been made in the media of this confidential meeting because in early December a DCFS memo dictated on November 26 only days after Jackson's arrest and stating that allegations of sexual misconduct in Jackson's part with the sport were deemed unfounded was leaked to the website, The Smokinggun.com.
It is highly irregular for such a memo to be written after the fact and curious that the official to whom it was addressed was revealed by the TV show celebrity Justice to have offices just two doors down from one of Jackson's private investigators in the case.
The family says they were told by Jackson's people that because of the documentary there were death threats against them and they were in danger.
In addition the mother who says she had no idea at the time about anything untoward was put on video to audio tape by Gerogos Criminal Investigator and on video tape by Jackson's videographer saying that Jackson was a wonderful man.
She says she was told that if she didn't look happy on the tape she would be reported at the DCFS.
Massada finally saw the special one was re-broadcast on February 17. I watched in disbelief he said they didn't digitize the boy's face or anything.
He asked again the mother how anything could be shown without her permission. She told him she had signed various papers but the mother alleges she didn't know what she was signing.
One of the papers with the mother's signature on it purportedly became the bulwark of a complaint by Jackson to the British Broadcasting Standards Commission and the Independent TV Commission.
Jackson's people hired British lawyers to help her loudly protest the busier documentary and to attempt to prevent the documentary or any additional footage from being sold on DVD or VHS.
Thereby paving the way for Jackson to reap millions by selling a two hour rebuttal program hosted by Mori Povitch on Fox.
In order to keep her prominently in the complaint the mother claims one of Jackson's lawyers later offered her $5,000 if she would pursue it she says she refused.
A source close to the case is that Jackson even tried to get the mother let the husband and one of the female attorneys in Georgos office take over lingering legal issues with the boy's father another echo of the Chandler case where Bert Fields Jackson's lawyer then attempted to intervene for Jordy's mother and her custody to speak with his father even though fields represented Jackson and knew that the father may not be able to make possible sexual molestation.
At the same time the family was asked by Jackson's people for their personal papers including Bert's certificates so that passports could be obtained for them and for five days they were put up and guarded for their protection they were told in hotel and Ventura County South of Neverland while their passports and visas were being obtained.
The family alleges that someone from Jackson's camp unilaterally went to the boys school and changed the name of the person to be notified in case of an emergency to let a Jackson insider.
One of Jackson's people allegedly told the family they should move to Brazil or Argentina to be safe they charged that Jackson's people had them vacate their small apartment in the East LA and that their close infurniture were put in storage by Jackson's people who they claim would not tell them where their belongings were.
Mark Garagos later told representatives that the move had been videotaped and that the mother had signed off on it and a claim she denies.
None of Jackson's alleged promises were kept about paying for school or getting the family a new home.
Masada says that to his knowledge Jackson did not pick up the boys medical bills either, contrary to some media reports.
In late February the mother says she was saying she was upset that her belongings have been taken that her son was being exploited, complained to Masada who sneaked her out the back door of the apartment of her friend she was visiting.
Jackson's people were waiting at the entrance to take her to meet attorney William Dickerman.
She said she felt like a prisoner but she wouldn't go to authorities because her son didn't want her to.
She was very scared said Masada.
The next two times the mother met with Dickerman worth a laugh factory because Masada claims Jackson knew she was friends with him and allowed her to visit there.
All of the family's activities were monitored.
The mother seemed terrified that she was going to be sent to Brazil and claimed that there was intense pressure on her to move there.
Apparently it didn't occur to her that she could refuse to go.
At one point she called a friend from a pay phone asking that police be informed but nothing came of it.
The young holy says that Jackson is very capable of playing rough.
Michael is very vindictive if anybody tries to do anything about him he claims.
If he has the upper hand he will destroy you.
He said to be continued.
Remember the comment by Garagos at that press conference right after the arrest?
Anybody who has spused anything against my client we're going to come down.
I knew like a ton of bricks.
Intimidate, harass, intimidate and that's what it's all about.
I just mentioned those things in passing.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Take a look at that photo on the pool.
What's your take on the Master's Theory all over the USA about Philphone Radio and TV?
616-0-616.
The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 169.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 110.
Let's have more sex less violence 90.
It was just the one partial T you moron 63.
Freedom in America is dead 50.
I agree clean it up now clean it all up now.
47.7.6%.
Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole 36.
Whatever happened to freedom of speech 32 and where do I get my passport quick 19?
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget cable may also be targeted.
Oh man, anti-medies and CDs and you name it.
Private conversations.
Right.
Newspapers.
Yeah.
Private letters.
Things like that.
Your emails.
Just for your protection.
WQAM, hello.
Is George Bush an alien?
WQAM, hello.
Is there anything else?
I don't know if you saw it or not.
I don't know if you saw it or not.
About what?
The interviewer asked him about, you know, we're interviewing him about his empire and they asked him about the world of the code.
The other, you know, the type of can't think of it now because you got caught me off guard.
Okay, well, when you think of it, call us back.
Stop catching people off guard.
Yeah, I caught him off guard.
Okay, he was trying to put all this together and we're doing screenless this next 5, 10 years and as a result, we caught him off guard.
There's Dennis Gersonage.
Three speech.
What do you say?
I say.
Good evening, Dalek.
Democratic dating game within the Gersonage.
Well, he's got to have find somebody who likes him.
Okay.
I like him but he's just kind of a silly little coot with, you know, big ears and a bad wig.
WDQA and hello.
Yes, I'm on Holtz on the Hill.
Speaking.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
As a registered Republican, you know, it's embarrassing what is going on here like in America.
Yeah.
If this isn't a battle between, you know, the far, far right and normal people, it is beyond me.
I mean, how people can even vote Republican this year.
It's just crazy.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Some believe them.
Well, we'll be looking for you in November, man.
Believe me, I will be there and I've got a birthday party next week and I'm going to give a little minute speech.
Well, my Republican friends, I'm going to break it down for them, what it means to them, and we're going to make a change.
Excellent.
Nice going, Pallee.
All right.
Break it down for them and if they don't agree, break their legs.
See you.
Keep going on election day.
Okay.
Keep Robert Greeper home on election day.
I'm going to put the beast on that assignment.
Okay.
Maybe you can keep him busy.
You're going to have him sit on it.
There he goes again, right, Joe Connison.
Here's the whole article.
Matt Rudge in the GOP.
Smear machine are back in the Democratic pants.
Okay, we'll get to this next hour, won't we?
Yes, we will.
Okay.
Oh, I think I just tore a page of it up.
What do you know me?
Why do I keep doing that all the time?
Because you're anxious to go.
I do that all the time.
Just stay inside.
Instead of throwing a random hammer at it.
When I'm finished with something, I don't know why I do that.
I shred it.
I shred it.
It's just that nobody ever finds it.
When I got it here, we'll get to it.
It's 12.57 at 5.60 QAM.
My life and locals.
This is 4.0.560.
The way is new.
No, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one for two hours.
Showed her right melon.
And man, was it great?
Yeah.
And an airy ol' like a big dinner plate.
Jam is right, Tata.
Grab every headline.
Wonder if she'll help CBS.
Ain't her fine.
First, she denied it.
Said it was a mistake.
A costume malfunction.
Said just in Timberlake.
But now they've admitted.
They flashed for a tube.
It'll be the tumor ball.
Remembered for the move.
The SEC says it was in decent sea.
Some pornography.
Big Yip.
One lip.
I'll never forget.
Bad infamous tug.
I'll remember this game for seeing.
Janice Jog.
It's gonna work.
We got less than an hour to go till the deadline.
A hot couple's gone test to a clock.
Got less than an hour.
If you got pictures, quit hanging on the room.
Quit squeezing them.
Just thought you'd want more.
Did you really email them too?
Well contested me on rangers.com.
I don't pee a mess around with my Brady Quinn pictures.
You have a bunch of them?
Those two, did you see any of those two?
Yeah.
That pair.
Him and his a bunk bug buddy there.
He looks a little like I said, a little bit off.
I don't know.
He's like a little something wrong there.
Anyway, speaking of something being wrong.
Joe Connison on salon.com.
Here it is.
There he goes again.
Matt Rudge and the GOP smear machine are back in the Democrats' pants.
Is American politics suddenly between the bad old days when Washington journalism becomes
frenzied with sheet sniffing and keyhole peeping?
That seems to be the default program of the right wing media machine whenever Republican pull
numbers sink into the red zone.
Late Thursday morning with George W. Bush's credibility damaged on several fronts as reporters
demanded questions, answers to questions about his National Guard Service that should have been
asked years ago, the drudgery porky famed his leading Democratic challenger with a world-exclusive
smudge of personal dirt.
Vagan unsourced but hyped to the max by drugs, the brief item sounded disturbingly familiar.
The internet cost of a huge John Kerry of recent alleged impidelity with a woman who recently
fled the country, adding that a close friend of the woman recently approached the reporter
with fantastic stories.
The same item ran an off-the-record comment attributed to retired General Wesley Clark, who was
quoted as saying, Kerry will implode over an intern issue.
Major news organizations from ABC News to the Associated Press War and Drudge were all
over the story.
By evening, however, no major news organizations had run with it, though many were chasing
it.
Perhaps frustrated, Drudge put up an additional item eight hours later with a few more
details about the alleged relationship.
Unlike the Monica Lewinsky drama which first played out publicly in this space with audio
tapes cigar and address, the Kerry situation is posed to challenge the reporters investigating
the claims his later item explained.
Drudge also quoted a top source as saying, there is no lawsuit testimony at this time like
Clinton with Paula Jones, it is hard to prove.
But the kind of proof usually required by national news organizations isn't what Drudge
needs or to put in you into a circulation.
Somewhat conveniently, Drudge had earlier posted an item that blamed the sudden smudging
on a disgruntled Democratic consultant named Chris Lahain, who had been fired by Kerry
before going to work as a communications aide to Clark.
That second item was later taken down without explanation.
By then, of course, this Drudge drama was already rocking Democrats and delighting Republicans
across the nation, at least according to Drudge.
The template was pure monica.
Inter and has a fair with married politician is betrayed by a close friend and finally
exposed by the client Drudge.
So far, however, the mainstream media has yet to touch the Drudge item despite heavy
promotion by Rush Limbaugh and the Wall Street Journal's opinion journal website.
Whoever lit this match must have been disappointed when the story that smoldered newsroom
during the afternoon failed to blaze into a firestorm by early evening.
The only exception so far is an alien newspaper in Scotland.
Kerry refuted Drudge on I'mus in the morning, today is Don I'mus pointed out that people
were actually talking about the allegations Drudge was spreading, but no news organizations
were actually reporting on them.
While there's nothing to report so there's nothing to talk about, I'm not worried about
that the answer is no, Kerry said.
Over the years, Kerry's private life has generated a cheer of gossip, who was a divorced
socially active single man for several years before he remarried.
No woman is so far step forward to embarrass him in any way, and the only published report
even remotely hitting at Merrittal Infideli is a six-year-old unfounded clipping from
the Boston Herald.
Sources in the Kerry camp insist that the Drudge story has no foundation, although they've
been predicting since Bush's numbers began to drop, that the White House would soon
dump its opposition research on their candidate.
It may also be worth noting that the Massachusetts Senator underwent surgery and radiation
treatment last year for prostate cancer.
Was the Drudge item a late hit by an angry Democrat seeking revenge or a plant by desperate
Republicans hoping to distract attention for the president's problems?
Lacking proof, the most pertinent questions are the standards of forensic inquiry.
Who benefits, and who had the motive method and opportunity?
Drudge's allegations set off a chain of speculation.
Certainly some Democrats wanted it the evidence free item came from Lahan, who declined public
comment this afternoon.
Lahan as a reputation is an often rough operator, and they may provide a pretext for Drudge
to smear him too.
Following Lahan's dismissal from the Kerry campaign some months ago, the tone of his remarks
about his former employer occasionally sounded vengeful.
If Clark actually uttered the nasty remarks quoted by Drudge, the general might have heard
such rumors from his sharp-age consultant, but then if Clark believed Kerry was about to
implode, he might not have dropped out of the race or decided to endorse the Massachusetts
Senator as he did today.
A source close to Lahan vehemently denied to me that Lahan had peddled any rumors about
Kerry and turned attention back to the White House as Drudge's likely source.
My assessment is this is not merely a serendipitous event, he said.
The Drudge item, Blaming Lahan, quoted Craig Crawford, a former Democratic operative,
who now works as consultant columnist for MSNBC.
Within 10 minutes after Drudge posted the Kerry intern item, Crawford sent a memo to
a superior that said the story was something Crystal Lahan has shopped around for a long
time.
According to Crawford, someone at MSNBC promptly leaked his memo to Drudge, but when Lahan
called Crawford with a loudly indignant denial, the MSNBC columnist quickly issued a public
retraction, he said the comments attributed to Meir from a private email to a TV news
associate, based on conversations with Democratic campaign operatives, I did not consider
any of it confirmed enough to report or publish.
I can only verify that Chris Lahan's rivals and other Democratic campaigns made these
claims and I found no independent source to confirm it, which is why we didn't go with
the story.
But then someone sent my email to others, which is the only reason it got into the public
domain.
In other words, there's no proof that Lahan circulated the rumor, let alone that the rumor
has any basis in reality.
Once again, Drudge has raised questions, but they may not be the ones he seeks to raise.
The first is about journalistic standards.
The second is the identity of his anonymous sources.
Journalists must ask themselves why the rumor, a private peccadillo deserves their attention
and resources in the 2004 campaign.
The press faces a more important issue, learning from its own fate and report the false rationale
and abused intelligence that drove the nation to war.
That's right, it's the always great Joe Connison.
That's the lot.com today.
Got it, got it.
So there you go Miss Fudge, everybody's on you, nice try though.
And of course they won't give up, they'll come up with more crap.
There's sickin' in those deeper and deeper necarries pants.
Correct them till they get a dirty.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Come in to QA and hello.
Yes sir.
I'm back on the phone again, I forgot about what I said earlier.
The latest coming off guard.
Anyway, what happened was that the interviewer told them asked Russell Simmons about all the
gangster rep.
So Russell Simmons said to him, what about our gangster government?
I thought that was the greatest line I've heard.
Excellent, come back.
Yeah, so that was it.
Okay, thanks.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, String yourself out.
He's Stringed Out.
Why was reading that article by Joe Connison from salon.com.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA and hello.
The reading is boring.
Yeah, you're boring, you're ponderous, but you're still there.
You're always there every single day, every single minute you're there with your hand
deep inside your-
Correct them.
Have a great weekend.
WQA and hello.
He has nice, he's gotten through for a while.
I guess he's been busy playing with it.
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
What is it?
Oh, the investigation regarding the leak from the White House, the CIA operative.
Yeah, Valerie Claim.
Yeah, you know, when does anybody ask, I know that, who gave me info?
Did anybody ask?
Yes, they asked and he ain't telling, right?
What happened when Susan McDougal wouldn't answer during the White Water?
They said it was to jail.
So why isn't there a bunk waiting for mob?
Because he's a good old boy who's on the right side, all the time on the fair right side.
Okay, I got it now.
I agree with you.
He ought to be in jail.
I absolutely agree.
That's the ought to be in jail right now.
I mean, he should take no log in the 15 minutes.
Tell us who gave it to you or who dropped the soap.
Right, exactly.
I do it, but-
Although, who'd want to touch that?
Oh my God.
He looks like a bullfrog and heat, Bobby Novak.
Do you ever notice that?
Yep.
A bullfrog and an old, staggy brown suit with a bad tie.
Anyway, 10 past one at five, 60 W.
You have no forget to join Joe Costello for Happy Hour today, 430 to 630 this afternoon at
JP Mulligan's on Taft and Flamingo and Pepper Pine.
Stop five for $3 becks and becks lights.
Plus when T-shirts and panty tickets and a bunch of other,
Kazurai and then,
join Joanne Marktom our noon to two at the Fort Lauderdale BMW located at 14,800 Sheridan Street.
Great stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food, which is really what you want to go there to do from a
line of your city's subs and our good friend Ira, it's great.
Valentine's Day is tomorrow on Pompadopark Racing and Cardroom and Pompadobites has got a great couple special
in the top of the park restaurant.
For just $79.99 you get a full course dinner for two including shrimp cocktail seafood
scampi and a free bottle of Corbell champagne.
Plus there'll be live music all throughout the evening.
You'll have great seats to enjoy the racing action.
There'll be free flowers and prize drawings just for the ladies and for the kids,
free miniature horse rides from 708 P.M. tomorrow.
On the track Valentine's Day will be the opening round of the $250,000
dollar Alacopree Pacing Series with top horses from all across the nation.
Plus the annual sweetheart pays featuring only women drivers, watch out for Marion Tollum
she might take out the whole field.
And the tonight's the feature of that will be the opening round of the $125,000 Mac Low Bill Trotting Series.
Just a half a mile from both on 85 and the Florida Turnpike, it's easy to get to Pompadopark
and best of all they offer you free admission and free general parking every single day
with Simon Casting seven days a week.
Live harness racing in the Polka Room every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday
including tonight, Polka Room 12 to midnight live racing 705 P.M.
Don't forget a big, big card tomorrow Valentine's Day, lots of specials going on including that
couple special at Pompadopark for more info column at 954-972-2000 or go online at Pompadopark.com.
By the local Mrs. Isp I city, the radio's all yours.
You weigh in.
First it was a hit on MTV, then a number one movie.
Now it's coming to Broadway.
It's Jackass, the musical starring Johnny Knoxville.
Well hello Johnny, spread your cheese.
Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the couch.
Yes, almost risky stunts have been combined with fabulous show tunes to create Jackass, the musical.
Wow, the music, the dancing, the guy eating a yellow snow cone, it was better than cats.
76 dumb guys, matching ball of cards.
76, I pitch fields of pain.
Don't miss Jackass, the musicals.
With all your favorite Jackass's on stage singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them.
I'm Steve O, I'm Steve O, I'm just drinking local.
I'm burning myself today.
The great white way has just turned black and blue.
Thanks to Jackass, the musical.
Are you all having fun yet today?
And now Mr. Dan Gernstein, campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential campaign.
Oh boy, Dr. Barrow Christ compels you.
116 at 560 WQAM.
I see we got a couple more interesting pictures of Barrow Contest.
Yes.
See I'm not going to make any comment about any of them this year.
They're great.
Yeah, they're great.
They're all different kinds, interesting people.
Yeah.
White House backs advisor despite stance on outsourcing.
Mrs. Seedon really believed this, did you?
No.
The White House is stood by a topic economic advisor who critics have accused of encouraging companies to export jobs overseas of factoring heavy job losses during W's presidency.
At issue is the practice of growing the growing number of U.S. companies moving all or portion of their operations to places like Mexico, Indian, China, where labor costs are lower and goods can be produced more cheaply in order to improve profits.
Oh no.
I think that must be just propaganda, don't you?
I'm sure it is.
With political concern about factory job losses heating up ahead of the November election, White House spokesman Scott McCone said,
Any job losses regrettable.
He brushed aside suggestions that Gregory Mancou, who chairs the White House Council and economic advisors,
be fired for pointing out the potential economic merits about sourcing jobs overseas.
We certainly don't want to do anything that would undermine free trade McClellan said.
Mancou sparked an uproar earlier this week with comments that appeared to law outsourcing by U.S. companies overseas.
Outsourcing is a growing phenomenon, but it's something we should realize is probably a plus for the economy in the long run he said.
Democrats seized on his comments saying it was evidence the Bush White House was insensitive to the plight of out of work Americans.
At least one lawmaker even suggested that Mancou reside over the flap.
But in any way, yes, that's really great when he said all of your jobs overseas so they can get cheap labor and improve their profits.
Good for the economy.
And then they'll make big profits and their stocks will go up.
And if you live long enough, it'll trickle down, trickle down your leg, get into Curie's pants, trickle down his leg, and then you'll have all those jobs and all that money.
Right. Well, all these unemployed people are stockholders, right?
Right. They got jobs in their pants.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18.
And he said, I warned you to begin with the show today. I was going to have a lot of stuff to read, a lot of fish to fry.
That's great. I loved it.
There you go again. Like regular would say there you go again, just like Water Mondale. And look what happened to him.
WQAM, hello.
Gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
Green Van Day, have I been doing meal?
Okay.
Appreciate your reading that last article. You know Miss Fudge is sitting home squeezing himself right now.
Oh, no question about this. I would have to green half a quarter step.
Unbelievable.
Always expensive. My movie to condo that Richard Melonscape is paying for probably.
Neil, it's great because you know, I don't know how you feel, but I feel you reading that.
And like I said, you know how he listens.
If anything, I know you're knocking him down a couple of pegs just because he's such a, you know, explain.
Yeah, but you see, really, he can't get to him because he's when somebody else is when you're bought and paid for and owned by a bunch of lunatics.
You really don't care. I mean, his e-mail is so massive already.
Well, there's 80 billion hits a week and he's not hurting off 50 states.
It's really sad.
But you know something when he's scraped all of that away, he's still the same self-hating fact no matter what you say.
You know, his little, his little shot so many times I wanted to go back down to North Bay.
You know, he used to, I don't know if he still does this thing.
It's the wonderful island of dreams on Sunday night.
Sure.
He still has his show.
I mean, I can't stand it.
But so many times I wanted to go down there and just be waiting for him after his show pal.
I didn't know he was your type.
No, no, no.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that day.
I haven't had that morning.
I haven't had that morning.
I haven't had that if you don't do it today.
That's the two of us learned.
That's the two of us learned.
It's the only thing that happens.
It'sly hard to do with ornaments.
But times of geht break and timbre's later.
It's a lot of time on the street.
of heark and energy would have already done the trick.
The sad truth is that people have been taken in by a cul-de-personality, a group that
includes a group that in this case includes a good fraction of the American people and
a considerably higher fraction of the abundant accuracy are very reluctant to give up their
illusions.
If nothing else, that would mean admitting they've been played for fools.
Still, we may be on our way to an election in which Mr. Bush has judged on his record,
not his legend, and that of course is what the White House fears.
Right, Paul Korgman.
That's what them, then they will fear you.
They don't have to presidential to me unless you consider Dumbledore to plan an Alpady
Newman to look presidential.
He always has that same bewildered look on his purse.
But nevertheless, 5.670560, 0.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's our poll up to the minute.
What's your take on the masses, Stereo, all over the USA about filth, smut, dirt on radio
and TV, boobies?
707 votes.
The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 190.
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 124.
Let's have more sex and less violence.
Oh!
98.
It was just one partial T.U. moron 79.
Freedom in America is dead 58.
I agree, clean it all up now 52.
That 7.3% you'd go getting what bastard you.
Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole of 43.
Whatever happened a freedom of speech 38.
Where do I get my passport quick?
25.
And for the right price, Georgia will hook you up to electrodes.
26 past 1.
Only 34 minutes to get those pictures.
Do you think you're going to be like a last minute and 3 or 2?
Couple, maybe.
I wouldn't be surprised if they're like snapping them right now.
All over town.
Hey, speaking of that, don't forget Valentine's Day.
We've reached the deadline.
Not just for our contest, but Valentine's Day is tomorrow.
This year be original.
Get her a Vermont teddy bear and send the same old tired flowers.
You know the deal.
You get beautiful flowers.
They wilt.
They die in no time at all.
And they go in the Schmidt can.
For the price of a dozen roses, a Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving.
And will last a lifetime, not just a few hours.
Choose from lots of great bears like to be my Valentine bear.
The chocolate lover bear or the love meat tender Elvis bear.
When it arrives, you'll be completely surprised.
You'll be blown away.
And think you're the greatest guy for sending such a thoughtful gift.
And speaking of that, maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for.
Speaking of being blown away overnight, delivered for Saturday is guaranteed to you.
Still have time and it takes only five minutes out of your precious day to order.
So pick up the instrument right now and call one eight hundred eight to nine bear.
And a friendly bear counselor will help you pick out the perfect bear for your Valentine.
Delivered with free chocolate and their famous gift box one eight hundred eight to nine bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
Don't forget you still have time.
Send you Valentine the creative alternative to flowers one eight hundred eight to nine.
And B E A R be sure and tell me crusty old Neil told you to call.
We're supporting you five six.
You A M.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Clinton, the president of the United States.
And this is my my state of the women address.
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty high.
But Bill is here to tell you that girl you're not.
They used to wear makeup and with boy pants.
But when I looked at me they were under much.
Whoa.
You think you're special.
You think you're something else.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Let's move on, Joey.
Ha, ha, ha.
I think you'll remember this one.
She had a tight ring carder that she kept on her phone.
And after she had stayed, she would bury the mom.
She got herself some life on the tummy tuck.
But she still has ugly as a hucking plug.
Whoa.
She likes she's something special.
Whoa.
She likes she's something else.
So when the trip got some surgery, that dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, I think we got everybody.
Oh, yeah, I'm on this next one.
A big chunky girl with a purple right.
That name gap dress nearly for the light.
Well, secret meetings in my car ignore.
I could have thought we'll chamber when the hottest score.
Whoa.
She likes she's something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
Ha, ha, ha.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
I'm saved the best for last.
Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with guitar star.
When she gets murdered, I think her offspring should hatch.
Big old wags, and an assamet.
That's how I feel.
Oh, she thinks she's special.
Ha, ha, ha.
She thinks she's something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the art.
That dome impressed me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong.
I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
Ha, ha, ha.
But that won't give me more than a mill all for now.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Thank you.
That is my state of the women's dress.
I will be here.
Joseph for him or what?
134, 26, still, 2 at 5, 60 W here.
Mad Dog at 2 of the Humper at 4.
Willie Winging was show starts 8 to 10 Monday morning on QA every day, exclusively.
I can I get back to the vanity fair thing?
Good.
Because I think if I do this right, I can like do some more here this hour and then finish it up on Monday.
And then I'll have read the whole article and you can like, you know, tape it and piece it all together or just piece it down the adream.
Anyway, getting back to where it said if he has the upper hand, he will destroy you, meaning Michael's action.
Sometime in mid March, the mother says she managed to escape from Neverland by claiming she was taking the boy to the doctor for an appointment before they would leave for Brazil.
Once there, she and the children sneak out of back door and fled to her friends apartment.
After they were escaped, they charged.
They were harassed continually.
And on one occasion, the mother found a Jackson's staffer videotaping the boy's new school.
The mother says she was convinced that the phone where she was living was tapped and that she was being followed in her car.
She says people banged on their door in the middle of the night.
Rocks were thrown at the grandparents home.
And a note was slipped under the door telling them to contact the Jackson camp.
She asked lawyer Dickerman to help her get her belongings back.
Dickerman then sent her the first ten letters to Garagos demanding that the family's personal papers, their belongings and all video and audio tapes Jackson's people had made it and be turned over to them.
He also asked that all direct threats of evidence and photography of the children's school, banging on the mother's door, leaving her disturbing notes and audio taping and filming the family, be stopped.
Since no criminal allocations had yet been made, it seemed extremely odd that a criminal attorney as famous as Garagos would get involved in a dispute over some garbage bags full of clothing.
Garagos didn't respond to repeated phone calls for this article.
Garagos asked for a few days to look into the matter.
According to a source, most of the harassment eventually stopped.
Dickerman has made it known that he would be away in April 24th and that day a truck full of the family's belongings was unceremoniously dumped in the lobby of the building in West LA housing his law office.
Furious Dickerman instructed building personnel not to accept the delivery and it took four more letters from him to Garagos before the family finally found out where the things were stored in late June.
There was never any acknowledgement by Garagos in reference to the missing personal papers, school documents, passports and tapes, or to the subject of harassment.
On a contrary, he called Dickerman, histrionic.
In another Erie echo of the Chandler case, the boy said that his underwear and tap shoes and a few other personal items were missing.
According to Michael Jackson was my lover, a book about Jordy Chandler by Chilean reporter Victor Gutierrez.
Jackson had a drawer where he would keep the underwear of boys who stayed overnight.
Ain't that lovely?
Free and fuzzy.
Once the mother told Dickerman the boys to read he asked her if she wanted to sue Jackson civilly but she would not.
She was concerned mainly with retrieving her belongings.
However, by then it was known that Jackson had allegedly given wine and perhaps vodka and any histamine pills to the boy and had allegedly shown both brothers pornography would naked girls in it.
He had also allegedly given the sister sleeping pills. Sounds like a scene from happiness.
Dickerman suggested that they all maybe she'd like it to the sandwich.
Dickerman suggested they all go to see Larry Feldman, the lawyer who'd won a $25 million settlement for Jordy Chandler and it interviewed several prior special friends of Jackson's.
Feldman recognized instantly that this relationship was not the same intense love affair that had allegedly gone on between Jackson and Jordy Chandler.
Jordy had been very self-confident.
And this boy, once so bubbly, had become shying withdrawn and spoke barely above a whisper.
Feldman heard the families stir in the same conference room where he had first listened to Jordy Chandler and his father Evan.
He felt perhaps more had gone on between Jackson and the boy than he was being told so he decided to send the boy to a top child psychologist who was known to be conservative about declaring whether or not he used to take him place.
According to Feldman there was no shrink shopping as it had been reported.
After several sessions the psychologists concluded that accusations of sexual molestation were credible.
Moreover the boy's brother claims to have been a witness to some of it.
He had sometimes even been in bed with Jackson and his brother. Feldman realized that there were many reminders here of the Chandler case from the allegations that Jackson had asked whether the boy wanted to learn how to masturbate, it's really fun, to as apparently saying that it was natural and that just because some people say it's bad, it's not.
Jamie Masada says the mother never wanted money when I took her to build Dickerman's office he asked her what do you want out of this?
She told me I don't want to make any money. I want to make sure this doesn't happen to other kids.
California law states that once an allocation of sexual abuse of a minor has been disclosed by the minor the professional hearing the allocation must be ported to the authorities.
In late May Feldman took the psychologist and another attorney from his office to the DCFS where the family had gone in February.
In the Chandler case, Jordan's report alleging that Jackson had fileted masturbated him had been sold by someone with tabloid news service. Feldman was therefore wary.
Two case workers listened to them and then asked if the boy was in any current danger. According to Feldman when they told him no to Feldman's and the psychologist utter astonishment, the case workers declined to receive the psychologist allegations. This is at the DCFS.
They appeared not to want to report or deal with this problem again.
There has been speculation since that memo leaked by the DCFS last December was a bureaucratic attempt by the department to cover its backside and Feldman is called for an investigation into who leaked the memo and why his visit with the new allegations of abuse was not referred to, the DCFS declined to comment of course.
Feldman called the Santa Barbara County District Attorney Tom Sten who had spent months on the Chandler case.
He too was very familiar with allegations of how Jackson had operated in the past but had never charged him. The Chandlers have said they got tired of waiting for the authorities to act and that they felt so threatened by the high handed tactics of Jackson's people that they asked for protection which could not be guaranteed.
Jordan Chandler declined to testify against Jackson but Sten had been present when Jackson went into meltdown while his genitals were being photographed in 93 which would provide the crucial evidence needed for a civil case.
Jackson slapped his doctor in cursive detectives. Sten saw the photos and as a full-case history and his files. Jackson slapped the doctor in cursive detectives.
Sten asked Feldman to give his solemn word that he would not sue Jackson civilly while the new cases being investigated and tried Feldman gave his word.
On November 18th a forensic van, a Paddy Wagon M does not have law enforcement vehicles rolled into Neverland to be continued.
Let's have some Jesus do so let me show you how to do a few things here. Jesus, I can get a grip on life. 20 till 2 at 5.60 Q.A.M.
I said you want to be seeing something, but courtrooms always bumping. I said the trial is going to be something and they won't commit me for helping.
144.60.2. The judge wants that trial wrapped up before the end of the year. You ready for that?
Okay. You want the trial wrapped up and we all want Michael behind bars and having a good time or somebody having their way with him before the end of the year.
Defense wants the gag order lifted because everybody's gagging on it. So we got that latest picture for our cute couple, our hot couples contest.
And what do we got about 30 now?
3 damn close right on target. You got another 50 minutes and that's it. I'm looking at that Brady Quinn picture again and I'm just I don't know he makes me nervous.
Okay, he's just too pretty. You know what I mean? He just he don't look like a guy. He's just too pretty.
I don't think of her guy to be pretty like Tom Brady's pretty, but Brady Quinn is like maybe too pretty. Yeah, too pretty to be a guy.
Anyway, Jerry, anybody this brings again who's just out of control, but thanks Jerry.
I wanted to let you know that bowling for Columbine is on showtime the Sunday at 8 p.m. You might want to tell your listeners.
Let's tell our listeners bowling for Columbine will be on showtime the Sunday at 8 p.m. Thanks again, Jerry. He's okay, my book.
Okay, here's the more good news that's going to give Miss Fudge squirming and probably start picking seeds out of there.
Kind of clean the way for the next visitor.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has agreed to expand its review of intelligence on a rack to examine whether the Bush administration accurately described the information it had on Sodom's weapons.
They've agreed to expand its review. The committee will examine whether public statements and reports and testimony regarding a rack by US government officials were substantiated by intelligence information committee leaders said in the statement.
The Pamela's during completion of a report expected to be extremely critical of the intelligence agency's collection and amalization of people or intelligence.
How do you like that? They're expanding it. The scope.
So let's get deeper into John Kerry's pantaloonies because we have to like take the heat off of that, right?
Right. I wouldn't be surprised if they find he's got like a knock knees. Then what they call him.
Yeah, and maybe a couple of skabies here and there.
Ooh, and maybe a blotch. In fact, maybe he's got one of them things like John Edwards has on his lip. Maybe like on his...
Brack, don't you never know or a dry patch of skin, a dry patch.
A committee QA. Hello.
Yeah, you do it. I want to know where I can get. Where did you get that letter from Michael Moore?
It's on our website. It's on your marches.com. It's on their day.
I was on the website and all that and the very long letters from around the Michael about Michael Jackson. Is that on your website as well?
The what? The Michael Jackson letters.
No, this, you mean the story that I'm reading about Michael? It's in the March Vanity Fair.
It's the whole story. It's in Vanity Fair magazine.
I said that, but you don't think.
Okay. I guess I got time for a little bit more of it, right?
Yes. Michael, Michael Moore. Well, it's it's it's timely. We got the hearing today and there's that the sneering Mark Garragos with that mustache boy.
Why is it that so many? It's not so much a mustache per se. It's that kind of like like the one he's got, you know?
Makes him look like a clown like a sneering clown all the time. Anyway, Jackson's team has made it known that the boys family is sued for money in the past.
Well, this is that whole thing about I don't even know if I want to waste my time with this.
No. In fact, I'm not going to read no more of this right now because I want to like, you know, because that because it just would take forever.
Got it. Got it.
Whatever Jackson is in jeopardy is team of defenders rules into action like a tank and its current mission is to destroy the credibility of this family by means of cable and tabloid TV in the mainstream media in December in a widely quoted story.
The New York Times referring to the delay in the filing of charges against Jackson said it had prompted some of the Jackson camp to say Mr. Steadin is playing a weekend based on a single child's shaky testimony.
One of Mr. Jackson's lawyers suggested this week that Mr. Steadin might be forced to drop the prosecution before trial.
In January, a highly suspect blind item appeared in the city Adams gossip column in New York post under the headline case against Jacko was said to be flimsy. Remember that?
Yes.
Adams reported that the mother had chopped her case and two lawyers had turned it down, adding that even attorneys who had opposed Michael in the first case didn't want in on this one because the evidence was so thin that Michael Jackson cannot be found guilty.
The fact is that an army of forensic experts took part in the Neverland raid, Coleman Jackson's bedroom for pubic hairs, Siemens stains and they are reportedly satisfied they've got plenty to work with.
The CLF had added in the cases more than 80 pages long, but Tom Steadin is clearly not good at war waged in the media and he appears not to be interested in learning.
As for the mother who's unavailable for comment, she said to be leaving everything to God.
Well, it figures.
Of course.
Do you want to figure?
She's leaving it to.
So there you go.
But there's another example.
I mean, every story you go to now, it's the same thing.
Whether it's Dr. Atkins was fat, whether it's John Kerry has answered his pants and he's been banging everything with a skirt on, whether it's the case is filled flimsy and don't buy a word of it.
It's just all spin now.
It's all spin all day.
That's what life is becoming a world thanks to the crazy people in the frickin media.
What what have I always said?
For years and years and years, the one thing you've got to believe.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
Amen.
Well, we'll leave it in God's hands.
He'll take care of all of these things.
Why?
Sometimes he's busy though.
With ball games.
Sometimes with ball games, he's got to worry about, you know what the morning line odds are.
If we're going to cover the spread, things like this, you'll hear a lot more about that 20 hours a day here on QAM.
Who's covering it?
Who's spreading it?
Oh, it's speaking of that.
I don't want to say this about screw-in because I love dogs.
You know how much I love dogs?
Right.
But I think in another life, maybe she might have been a dog because she sure loves to bury the bone.
Slide in local.
Here's sports video 560.
You ain't.
You ain't.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Screw that.
You think blackmailing someone's all right.
A big blackmailing special.
It's stuck between your thighs.
Screw on.
You don't think blackmailing a charity's role.
You'll then go to the world for anybody.
We think you're forcing slow.
That's a little smell, right?
What pros of your assets die?
You think you're the one you best die?
You think this is what your mainstie is?
You think something smells real right?
Oh!
Screw it.
You think the bitch I banged you down?
Yes.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you lie.
Screw it.
You get my bone so long and strong.
It's charity money to okay him, no care if it's wrong.
You've got them, you wife.
You just be my son.
You got them, bitch.
We die, that's a little thing.
You go have a few withdraws.
You got to take with those bitches, I...
Go right!
What do you say, Scrant?
Let's bear the catch it.
156, four minutes still new in the 560 WDQM.
We got the...
We're going to have 800 votes.
Not too bad.
We'll take it.
Since it took us a while to get around with this whole dude,
getting it up there,
because we were giving them results from yesterday,
and a whole bunch of other crap.
Four minutes to get in any last, last second pictures
for the Hot Couples contest.
Anything coming in?
Not lately.
31, 32 I think.
Yeah, that's plenty.
We got...
Fuck third man!
We'll get over that number.
That'll be more than enough.
And then next week the pictures will all be up there
on our website on earrudges.com.
And you can vote to your hearts content right up until
a week from today at 2pm.
And then the winners get the prizes and the rest of every
bice is what we gave it a shot.
And we exhibited ourselves all over the place
and everybody took a peek at it and they...
You know, whatever.
Right?
Right.
Oh, and speaking of a South Park to movie,
like I told you before,
the scene that George liked the best was in the Bill Gates.
Got shot?
Oh man.
And you also must love this story.
I did a bike play.
Microsoft said late last night that parts of its window's source code,
the tightly guarded blueprint of its dominant computer operating system,
had been leaked over the internet.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
That poor Bill Gates has...
He forgot with all his billions and all his...
He sure has a lot of tourists, don't he?
Yeah.
Microsoft spokesman Tom Pillace said in the interview with the AP that
some incomplete portions of the windows 2000 windows N-T-4 source code
had been illegally made available on the internet.
All right.
Access to the source code could allow hackers to exploit the operating system
and attack machines running versions of windows,
several versions of the operating system,
including the ones containing leaked code,
are used on hundreds of millions of computers worldwide.
Such access could also provide a competitive edge to Microsoft rivals
and would gain a much better understanding of the inner workings of Microsoft's technology.
Oh, my God.
Instead of shame?
Oh, yeah, Derek.
Wow.
P- uh, Pilo said there was no indication the leak was resolved
of a breach of Microsoft's corporate network.
There was no immediate effect on Microsoft consumers.
Well, luckily, in fact, even you got your service up right now.
Yes.
I got the time being.
Huh?
No, no, no.
I'll tell you what.
You know what?
No.
Why not?
Oh, don't say it.
I know it's three words.
The last one is sucks.
B.S.
I think, yeah, I was just going to say that B.S. sucks.
Anyway, let's take one to find a look at that poll.
Although maybe we get another call in here.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
I'll be damned.
Just what I wanted you to hit it.
Yeah, I did.
I didn't tell you Q.A.M.
Hello.
I love Book of Ryan.
I'm a number.
Sure.
No problem.
I'm going to be over about 630.
He wants to rub his ball spot.
What's wrong with that?
5309.
He, ah.
Beechwood 5670.
What is it?
What's your take on the masses?
Stereo all over the USA about filth on radio and TV.
That's our poll question in a very time.
We got an even 800 votes.
Let's hear it.
Not bad, huh?
Not bad.
The Bush government and the FCC are obscene.
2012.
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment.
I want my entertainment, Miss Ratchet.
140.
Let's have more sex and less violence.
Okay.
112.
It was just one partial T-U morons 91.
Freedom in America is dead 65.
I agree.
Clean it all up now.
56.
7% even in our highly progressive crowd.
7% morons.
Clean it all up now.
Okay.
Sanitize it.
Wash it off.
Michael Powell is a grandstaining asshole 49.
Whatever happened to freedom of speech 47.
Where do I get my passport real quick 28 out of 800 vote?
It's a beautiful thing.
Just one last promo for Joe.
Joe, Joe, Joe, Kastel, happy hour today 430 to 630 at JPMalganz on tap time from Lingo and Pembroke Pines.
Stop by for $3 becks and becks, lights plus when those t-shirts and panting tickets and a bunch of other crap.
Enjoy Joe and Mark tomorrow from noon to two at Lottordale BmW located 14,800 shared in the street.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs.
And our close personal pies on Ira who's the best.
Bye bye bye!
Then you'll watch us show on 560's on your QA and you'll find me for my day off.
Feed too much violence.
Too much pain.
You go to hell, new dad.
Absolutely.
