www.cuyam.com
This is Pell, he fell on his phone
Without you, Andy.
Is that what they always say?
Keep up with me!
This is a point!
Listen to me!
Ah!
Dave, but uh, Danny,
Danny and Dave,
Dave and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave,
Danny and Dave and Dave,
Danny and Dave and Dave and Dave,
I heard from Bokeh!
Well, he'll do it in here.
Whenever I want,
you'll hold son of a bitch.
Oh, yeah!
Yeah, listen.
Well, you just keep them
I won't think
What wrinkle, man?
I am plotting.
Ah, the stench of
calmenower
It's hovering over his wrist.
What, you got to end them, I buffet?
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
Up, Dave.
I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a
baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm a baby, I'm
let's take a call here from one of our three important callas hello?
For know.
Prior.
Okay.
Where is this place?
Where is it?
Where is it?
Where is it?
The Greentightç™» Memorial.
Yeah.
Winter is minus 21 in Toronto.
That's why I'm here.
Chetty!
10, 03 at 5, 60 W. This one here at Tchilling.
Hey, listen, chillin'.
I've decided that I'm just gonna get along with everybody,
so I'm just gonna get along while I'm here.
These two or three, whatever it's gonna be,
a couple of weeks.
Just get along with everybody.
Why not?
Oh my good close personal friends,
and even those who aren't.
You know, chillin' up.
Why not?
CHUM, CHUM, Toronto.
Yeah, that was the big AM rock station back long.
Oh, 1050 on the dial.
That's WMGM and EORK 1050 on the dial.
So if you'd like to live in Rochester,
it was great, because depending on which way
the wind was blowing,
some days you'd hear CHUM,
some days you'd hear WMGM in New York,
and some days you'd hear them both at the same time.
Which was great.
It would be like me talking and playing like...
Like I'm doing at the same time.
Huh?
What am I doing?
Which after a Friday, when a book comes out at one o'clock,
that's a Friday is D-Day,
that these stands for Disaster.
Or it could stand for Danny.
Or it could stand for Dave and Danny.
Okay.
And Dave, or it could stand for Adoprim's with Eddie the Pope.
I can't believe it.
It goes to show if you give an old coup long enough time
after about 100 years,
Eddie Pope finally writes an article that says something.
I can't, I'm shocked.
Thank the Lord that I'm here,
because I'll admit that if I was to do the show from Toronto,
even though I would read both websites,
I would never read the Eddie Pope column on a bet.
Oh, wait a minute.
But now that I actually have it in my hand in the Hero 2,
here it is day after day in,
Wolf says no to job.
Well, Ron Wolf said he's going to not coming.
But Eddie the Pope says,
Marino hiring is just a smokescreen.
And you know what I'm thinking?
Absolutely.
Correct.
Nice going, Eddie the Pope,
who is probably next to Joe Rose,
the biggest Marino lover in history,
mankind, in fact, in the article,
is really kind of a cute line.
Do I dare read it, George?
Please.
He says,
uh, really?
He says, look, I've always been a Marino man.
I'm saying no, Schmidt.
Wow, what a shock.
He says, never blame him for never winning a Super Super Bowl.
I mean, his head was so far up,
Danny's ass that Joe Rose had a weight in line.
But Eddie the Pope finally pulled his head out,
I guess he had a little air or something after all these years.
And looked around and said,
guess what?
This is a smokescreen.
You're not fooling us.
And whoever at the Hero put in a picture at Danny,
he ought to sue the Hero for millions.
Look, can you see it in there?
Can you see it from here?
Okay, barely.
The Danny picture open there.
He looks like a mannequin.
Now you need to see the strings.
He looks like a puppet.
His arm is like stilted up in the air.
He's got a mouth wide open like that.
I mean, realize, you know,
any any picture can make you look like whatever you want.
He looks like a puppet.
He looks just like a puppet.
I'll put you something next.
That's what my point was.
Yes.
I mean, that is everybody's got to take a look at that picture, man.
It's on the front of the sports section of the Hero.
By the way, Nathan Horton's here in Ed Porkin.
What a great player he's going to be.
But the Panthers suck wind again last night.
Eight million shots against poor Bobby LaWonga again in Edmonton.
They lose four two.
Actually, it was four or one.
The game was almost over.
They got blown out.
Sixteen to one.
They get out shot in the first period of fourth for LaWonga.
Stand on the set.
It would have been eighty five to two.
Very ugly.
Leafs won last night against Calgary.
Oh!
It's better or five major injuries.
Nice going, boys.
No hockey talk.
We don't want to know.
I know somebody called the mad dog.
I'm driving home.
Well, we yesterday.
And somebody calls him and says,
well, what about that wind and against the flyers and Nathan Horton?
You never heard anybody move on so fast.
No, you would have thought it was chamba.
I mean, even chamba would have been a little longer, I think, than the poor hockey guy.
Try to talk to the mad dog.
Well, we don't want no hockey talk on his sports, on his football stay, on his dolphin station, okay?
You better get with it on your Danny Davin dolphin station.
It's in 3D.
What did you tell me we're broadcasting it now?
HD.
Forget about that.
No, we're in 3D now.
Danny Davin dolphins.
All day, all long.
All long, all day.
Right.
Well, we better get into the person to hear it help us out.
I'll say Danny, you say Davin, we need somebody to take the dolphin.
Danny Davin dolphins.
See, I can do it.
I can pull the way to two.
I'm getting paid for two so I can pull the way.
Danny Davin dolphins.
Danny Davin.
Danny Davin.
Day after Dan Marino hiring just a smoke screen.
I'll get to that Eddie Pope com.
Nice going Eddie, old coupe man.
You see now old fart.
Boy, talk about, he's the rascal house of sports writing.
He is the sports with Dave Berry is the humor.
See, I don't want to go into it.
I don't want to get out because I'm in too good of a mood.
Had our, I heard howard this morning, Mo talking about the whole deal.
And so, Geltie's having another kid?
I don't know.
If you were in his position, would you be having a second child?
Oh, I guess I'm asking the wrong person.
It ain't always a problem.
Oh man, hey Geltie, if you keep that thing out of there a little while, maybe, you know.
That's for the Catholics to do that.
I always have a bun in the oven like the Latinos.
I mean, something.
The Venus.
Calediraks.
Why don't the Cubans don't do that?
Don't do what?
Have huge families.
I mean, the old country.
Right.
No, I'm talking about here.
It has to do with skin color.
Are there a little bit more practical?
Now, what does that mean?
It's a racial thing.
Yeah.
Cubans don't go to UM.
I don't believe that.
There were plenty of Cubans on the baseball team even back when I was doing a games.
We had Alex DeGesus and Frankie Castro.
The families in the old country.
That's about it, I think.
Huh?
The families in the old country would have a lot of kids.
And we had the Howie Shapiro.
He was Cuban.
Anyway, how's that pull from yesterday?
Well, we had a phenomenal response yesterday.
Tremendous.
First, we took, let me just, again, in case you were like hiding under a rock somewhere,
what does it do with that?
The Duff Steal it.
Only kidding, Duff, just relax.
All right, he is such a nervous, nearly man.
And I can't blame him.
He's another victim of this joint, of this place.
This business, you know, I don't want to, like, pick on our friend, their dick, whatever his name is.
But does those Connecticut school abroad casting spots?
What?
I like to pick on Adam.
Well, he doesn't care.
He's a good guy.
But I don't want to like discourage anybody from, you know, going to his joint, giving him a lot of money.
But don't get into this business.
I've been telling people that for a long, long time, many, many years.
Fuck third man.
Don't do it.
This is the worst fugant business in the, it's just awful.
And people would say, well, how can you say that?
You're sitting there on your ass opening up a big mouth and making all of that money?
Well, there are always exceptions.
And the fact of the matter is that, you know, two strokes later, and just having me for two of this, you know, ability to stick through all of it.
But most people just don't have the fortitude to put up with the bullcrap.
And that's basically what this business is.
It's crap.
Oh, and I, before I get to this, I don't want to get aimed by a nervous.
But see, this, this, this, this, this isn't work out in here.
I'll see you.
No, it just doesn't delay out of this room is awful.
You want to see the layout ahead and Amsterdam?
Boy, that was, it was, it was, if your arms, if you had like alligator arms, like a certain people we know,
you know, what's alligator arms in reverse?
Daddy long legs, like plastic man, like, plastic man.
If you had long arms, then it was fine, but that thing was a joke.
Nice going Bob Bremothi, idiot, but you got a free meal anyway.
I mean, I think he bought, I think Bob Bremoth bought, and then of course he put it on a company tab because he's corporate, you know?
And by the way, Bob Bremoth in the George Corsair, we're getting pretty pissed off and tired of waiting for you to get that other computer fixed in there in the other room.
So that we actually have a functional studio here.
I know you don't care about it and you hit us like poison, but that's beside the point.
And Duff said if you don't get with it pretty soon, he's going to start crying.
And nobody said this morning, he's going to start tearing up again if you guys don't get on top of it.
Get with it.
We let Fixit come in here and touch it, but he knows nothing about that stuff.
He's good with, you know, like the advocates, he's real good at operating that.
Well, he's a little kind of an old-fashioned guy. Can't you tell by looking at him, he's a 60s burnout.
He is. I like Fixit, okay? He's a good guy. He just don't know nothing about puters.
Anyway, terrorist spam or genuine threat. I don't want to get anybody nervous, but BBC News says they reported today that intelligence agencies are investigating a series of internet warnings said to be issued by Al Qaeda about major terrorist attacks on the United States.
The messages posted on several Islamist websites include claims that entire city could be destroyed.
This week, a statement said to be from Al Qaeda intelligence services warned the countdown to hit America had begun.
It'll be even stronger, a bigger strike than nuclear weapons, so be prepared, O Mujahadin holy soldiers, it's a...
The statement concluded that in the last American, its allies withdraw from Iraq, Afghanistan and all Islamic countries, the organization had ordered the elimination of US leaders and their supporters.
Another statement repeated three times in recent days was posted on an Islamist internet forum called the Mujahadin Network.
Oh, I've been watching it. It claimed to be, I think it's so Fox News. It claimed to be from the Islamic nation of the American people and both of that had scooped out had the ability to destroy an entire US city.
There are a lot of such messages on the internet, some not necessarily knew, and their authors are hard to identify.
It makes it almost impossible to determine whether these are really our final warnings before an attack, like those of 9-11, or just wishful thinking by Al Qaeda sympathizers.
But US and UK intelligence services are taking the messages and their content seriously, it says.
Now, it's pretty obvious that they've taken serious, which is why they reduce the threat level from orange to yellow, right?
Isn't there like a logical progression here?
That's from the B.C., so take it with several grains of salt, call us in the morning.
Okay, we'll do the Danny Boyle. I'll give that result again in the other poll.
A lot of stuff to do here on a Wednesday. No more of that comedy bits, our. We Schmitt Candat last week.
So we sure hope you appreciate that and get on your hands and ease and kiss your radio speaker, okay? Just give it a big, wet one.
You might catch something through the speaker, but that's okay too.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM, if you're in a really dead end job, if you're working for a PUTZ.
Oh, God. If you're underpaid, here's the answer. New Year's resolutions aren't going to happen automatically.
Nobody's going to pull the strings like on Danny Boyle. You got to put your plans into action.
Pick up the phone, call Fast Train right now at 866 Fast Train.
Classes are underway this month. If you're committed and dedicated, Fast Train can help you out.
To change your life in a really positive way, becoming a certified computer professional in just four, count them.
Uno Dose Trees Quattro, four short months. That's right. Get your new high-paying career in just four short months.
Uno Due Trees Quattro.
How do you like that? It's the same word with a cue though.
C. Chinkway. Say. The demand for certified computer professionals is an all-time high, Oto.
Fast Train offers convenient to evening and weekend classes, job placement, assistance and financial aid for people who qualify to.
So if you're sick and tired of being on a treadmill, your feet are moving, but your life is going nowhere.
Call Fast Train today. Check them out on the web first at fasttrained.com and then call them tool free at 1-866-FAST Train.
Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Hop on it. Hop aboard. At 1-866-FAST Train and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call.
I'm at the local, this is 5-6-E. The radio's on your side. It's your vacuum.
Q-A-M.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob. All right.
Oh, we're fine.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag, let the laid off staff not paid.
And Rose is girlfriend who's pregnant right now.
I guess she just only got laid.
There is a girl with extra wide jeans.
And her chain or cheese become.
And she goes by the name of Rosie O'Dee in the house of the last.
If he say D as a David and the Danny and dolphins and I'm brosking and all of that crap.
I think that's what he just said.
It's 18 and of course don't forget the Rick Dudley who put the dud in Dudley.
Five games under 500 not too impressive Rick.
I have to break the news.
You got a lot of fine youngsters in the organization but it's just I don't know.
I'm going to go to some games while I'm here as a matter of fact.
You're going to become a painter.
No.
Why not?
Here's the fact that I just don't understand.
Maybe you can interpret because you're a sports ace.
Well it's got nothing I don't know a little bit to do with sports.
It's like a great morning.
The latest news out of New York.
Boom or a sison.
You know the boomer of course.
Wants to give Joe Rose a hug and a huge kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Have a great day it says.
I don't understand that.
I must miss something.
Free hugs and kisses.
They're going around.
The boomer wants to he said he'd like to kiss it.
Just sniff a little bit and kiss it.
That's what he said.
I want to give you a kiss.
He leaves me limp the boomer.
All of those ex-jocks.
Why not Danny Boy though who looks anybody see that picture in a hero?
Haha.
I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed that.
I'd sue him for 50 million.
That's what I would do Danny Boy.
Then you don't have to take the job and embarrass yourself.
He doesn't have to take the job.
What's that? He doesn't have to take the job.
Danny? Right.
Maybe Wayne made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
You know what I mean?
Oh, who knows.
Marino Hiring is just a smoke screen wrote Eddie the Pope and I'm ashamed that Eddie will write such a scandalous but very honest.
At any rate, let's see the first poll we did yesterday was about the whole Danny Boy situation Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Wayne.
And then of course don't forget Rick Spielmeister.
You know about Rick Spielmeister?
No.
Rick the Spielmeister. He's the new GM.
He's the Spielman for the organization.
Anyway, 582 votes yesterday.
What's your take on the Dan Marino Hiring?
We had it.
It's a PR stunt to pacify the Doll fans.
How many 84 almost 32% are buying into the Eddie Pope thing.
It's just a PR stunt. You know, he's just going to be a face man kind of like the present.
Oh wait till we get that stuff about the Apollo and Neil book which I got to go out and buy today.
By the way, you didn't remind me.
You didn't call it when you say, well go out and buy the book.
I just was too lazy watching too much hockey last night.
How about that Brian McCabe?
Oh, right.
Nice going Brian. Stick another one in there.
Danny's a winner. I like it.
161 27.6%.
Danny's a winner. First what this has to do with that.
I have no idea but nevertheless.
I couldn't give a Schmidt less 121.
That's of almost 21% who just really just exhausted by it already just in a couple of days.
Can you imagine that about three months when you're still doing Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Rick Spielmeister?
It won't change a thing 93 and I smell super bold.
Ooh, the stench of common.
Or it's 23 votes on that one.
Another 582. That was the first half of the show yesterday.
Now wait till you hear this.
And we do want to apologize profusely.
Both Mo and yours truly want to apologize.
I want you understand. I don't want to get overboard with this thing.
In fact, I'm hoping Mo is listening to now.
I don't want to get a little bit too carried away.
It's like if there's an anti-divorce.
And you're a separation.
Like a year and a half later after a nasty hospital separation.
Like on the first day you don't want to jump in a second, make mad wild monkey love.
You know what I'm saying? Or are you do?
Yeah, you do.
Oh, well I don't want to do that yet.
But you might as well.
And I noticed Mo this morning made it very clear that yesterday during our big meet out there in the parking lot.
We were sitting on separate benches. He pointed that out.
And that is correct.
We will not be sure in the same seat.
And anyway, the question was what's your take on the Neal and Mo reunion?
And as I started to say, we want to both apologize because this town thrives on hate and on division and on animosity.
And so the fact that we had this feud going on for a year and a half.
And the fact that we kind of mended our fences now.
We're like living amably side by each.
That pisses a lot of people off. Well, tough to do. That's what I have to say to you.
Because life is too freaking short.
And I'm not suggesting that Mo is my best close personal friend now.
Or likely ever will be. I think that's highly unlikely.
Wouldn't you agree? Yes.
What? Well, I'm not saying that. But at least though we're getting long fine.
We see where each one is coming from. And that's the name of that tune.
Even the beast. And I got to say this before I get to these poll results because I want to milk it.
Even the beast is one of those people when you see him.
But you know people like that you can be mad at them from a distance.
Right. But when you're around them and you see them and you can't stay mad at them.
Do you know what I mean? He's one of those people.
And you went through the whole thing yesterday about how you feel sorry for him.
Right? It's the schmoo factor.
He looks like the schmoo from Joe Paloca.
Just a big ball of cuddly. I'm not going to contribute to the grief he's already got going on in his life.
What does that mean? He's got enough baggage without people disliking him.
You know what I mean?
No, but I'm saying when you know I can't I wouldn't agree with I don't think Mo would agree with this part.
But I'm only speaking for myself when I see him like when I come in this morning.
The first person I see in a bullpen in there sitting there pretending to be doing some work.
But I actually look at it.
It's a beast.
And I just I can't be mad at him when I see him because he's just you know sad side.
No, it's not just that you want to like him.
He's one of those people that's got a effervescent personality.
You want to like him. He makes it difficult to do.
He's a jolly fat man. He's a very good. He could be sandy claws. He's a Jewish sandy claws. He's a jolly fat guy.
You know, he keeps it up. He'll be a jolly dead fat guy, but nevertheless there's that D word again dead.
But not that's true. He better cut the crap.
He could be Santa Claus Santa Claus right for Hanukkah for Chanukkah.
Anyway, we asked yesterday what's your take on the Neal and Mo Reunion and we had 1213 votes.
That is shocking to me.
So that means 582 and 12 are we at like 1800 votes in one day's worth of polls.
That's more of votes than the QM polls on their website gets in six years.
In fact, not even six years. How about...
Yeah.
1800 vote. That means there must be somebody out there.
I don't give a Schmidt.
458 said that 38%.
Well, I find that to be rather insensitive, don't you?
I don't give a Schmidt.
About our personal feelings here.
Insensitive.
Typical South Florida. Excellent job.
Who's Mo 229?
Absolutely.
I'm shocked, but this made 228.
See, shocked, but this made. In other words, it takes the joy out of there.
I know we're still going to be playing the Mo bits, right?
Of course.
We have a couple of new ones that in fact that one about the Davian Nadani.
That's just a character based on it.
I was thinking that while I was shaving this morning.
It's a miracle I didn't slip my throat.
No, no, seriously. It's amazing.
Bokobrion, which I'm a big, big admirer.
A huge fan of the work he does is a genius.
A little bit off, but a genius.
You can't have one without the other.
But he has created these characters who are even so much more interesting than the real people.
I mean, the Mo on there with all your respect to my new friend Mo.
The Mo that he created is certainly much more entertaining.
The girl that he created is just phenomenal.
And the Greg Reed, who sounds like Jack Benny, is so much more...
Not only entertaining and interesting, but at least visible.
You know, audible, visible. He's at least around as opposed to the show.
Those characters should do it.
Those if we had those three characters.
No, seriously.
In fact, I'm going to mention that to Motomar.
Why doesn't he just like say make that suggestion?
He can take the checks, take them out of the bank, and just sleep in late every day,
turn on the radio, laugh his ass off, and we just have the Mo Gully and the Greg Reed show.
And Camios by Joe Rosenmandich.
Right. And Bokobrion can be like the Hans Connryt of the show.
He can do all the voices, you know, like the Mel Mel, what's his name?
Brooks. Not Mel Brooks. Who's the one?
Who did all the voices?
Mel Blank. Mel Blank. Well, I was close.
See Mel Allen, Mel Blank, Mel Brooks.
Any other Mel with smell the same?
Because they're all dead, right? Is Mel Brooks dead?
Yeah.
So, wait, no. Mel Brooks isn't dead.
He's not.
We got that website.
Bookwork.
I don't want to look at it. It's more fun.
You're sure Mel Brooks isn't dead?
I'm not sure. What about Mel Blank?
Oh yeah. Mel Allen is not. He's not even warm anymore.
Mel Torme. He's dead.
Mel Torme is very dead.
Anyway, Shock but this May 220 and I really pissed off about the end of the feud.
Greg Reach had done this a long time ago. In other words, solving all the problems won't
await. He doesn't see Greg doesn't solve problems. He creates them.
That's what he's here for.
He creates problems that he runs away and hides like a petulant child.
I'm shocked, but please 108. Well, it's bad for QAM57.
It's great for QM26 out of 1215 votes.
An emotional outpouring of response from the psychotic South Oda audience coming in a close
second of the Danny and Dave in the dolphin situation this week in terms of local news.
Did it make it in the newspapers?
No.
Did any of our astute?
I wouldn't be surprised on Friday morning if both Jim Sarni and Barry Jackass write a very humorous
piece. Wouldn't you be expecting that this week in their broadcast sports columns?
A humorous piece. Right.
It is sports section.
About the me and Mo reunion.
Oh, a ginger and Mo reunion.
You're expecting it?
No.
No.
Because there's a bunch of deadheads in this town.
See, if you look anyway, Chris Selkovich writes a broadcast on a year column in the, I think
it's a Toronto star.
And almost every day he writes it, not just once a week.
And he actually says something, you know?
Actually, and then he'll rip somebody in the ass or he'll, you know,
like a real column that's pretty interesting to read too.
I just mentioned that in passing, Barry and Jim Sarni and boy, I'm telling you one thing
between Jim Sarni and Barry Jackass, who's the lovely of those two.
They make me feel beautiful.
They make me feel fabulous when I look in the mirror.
27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM dial a mattress.
They'll make your back feel fabulous.
And the rest of you too.
That's why you ought to be on the phone right now dialing 1-800 mattress and getting yourself
a great night's sleep for the entire rest of the year.
That should be it's only the 14th of the month.
Not too late to make a new year's resolution that you're going to sleep good every night.
Because when you wake up in the morning, you've had a great night's sleep.
You feel refreshed.
You say to yourself, it's a mahaia, even a Chinese say that.
But if you get a lousy night's sleep, if your mattress is worn out and bumpy,
you feel like crap all day long.
So celebrate the new year and comfort with a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price from dial a mattress.
And they're proud to announce that they've added Stearns of Banana's Foster.
They're already strong unbeatable champion ship lineup.
Stearns of Foster was the finest mattress made in the country.
And I can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making that one easy call 1-800 mattress.
Or, if you like Seely better or Surtre, Simmons, King Quil Tempurpea to go all the top names, they can hook you up with that too.
Because they carry dozens of models from all the top manufacturers.
And like I said, it unbeatable.
Every day low discount price is no bait and swish.
And only dial a mattress lets you choose any two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day the week seven days from 8 in the AM till 10 p.m.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal is easy to see.
Why dial a mattress is ranked number one by everybody with a brain and customer satisfaction.
So do what I've been doing for years because I'm smart.
Not like some people dumb, I'm smart.
Call dial a mattress 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or for more info check them out of the web at mattress.com.
We're supporting you 5-6-C UAM.
Can I laugh with you, bastard?
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, how are you doing? Let's do it. It seems to be great. Virtual experience.iz start counting from you and
This course is banned, I'm shutting down my amusement park.
I'm in my bedroom, I'm gonna go to sunlight, steep and dark.
You try to scream, so I'll take a look at me and you'll understand.
You only see this, it's my turn to go to your never-lens, your father lies.
I'm on my list, I'm on my list, yeah.
And you know what they say, the younger they are, the better.
I'm on my list, yeah.
I feel million makes it right, I'm on my list, I'll get you.
For us he's gonna be ranked on Friday, we got the book coming out at 1 o'clock on Friday,
Big Day on Friday baby, mark it down in your calendar on the 16th of an arrow.
Lucy Ricardo, get around there right away, everybody love Lucy.
Lucy Ricardo, now some other asshole sends me an list of 8 million names and it's right on the circular file.
If you call in and mention like more than one name, I'll hang up on you and we will not put it on the list.
And if you fax me a whole bunch of names, I'll just smit-candid immediately.
I'm gonna have to start playing Butch Bosh with you people, man.
It's so stupid, I mean just look at the quote, what's your all-time favorite TV character?
Not what are your top 10, not what's your 500 favorite TV character?
No matter what the question is, it's not just this topic, no matter what it is.
Which person is your favorite?
Washington Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, Teddy Roosevelt, FDR, James.
Which new poll one day, were they just answer the question they want?
We want to ask a question maybe the most.
That's a good idea.
We are carto5.
Right.
Purple.
Right.
Hayes.
Sure.
Purple of people later.
Oh I guess, you know something that's a great idea, let's do that tomorrow.
Okay they can just call it answers.
Listen it's a word association thing, here's the word of the day.
No, listen to me.
All right, what's the first word or phrase that comes to mind?
Purple.
Hayes.
Penis.
see what i mean no it can be great oh bread cream or not bread cream or just
creamer okay no you're right i don't watch any of those shows but creamer you
got it see what you laugh at about penis who's the K creamer
uh Tom says i don't have a computer nevertheless i'd like to say a donation to
move on dot org to support the end i bush at are they accepting donations so
what is the address uh i don't know how you do that go to your computer yeah go
steal a computer go to the library because they got seven
call a friend and almost eight million dollars they're going to raise ten
they're certainly going to do that i could look at up in like a second if i
wasn't there oh no there's somebody can do is go to our website and go to
move on dot org if he had a computer it says don't forget bush will have
200 million to send the to flood the TV screens with false and we know that
that's why they're raising ten million and that's why George sors is kicking
in 50 minutes did he uh did he add a phone number to his facts i beg your
pardon the facts are that wanted to know the address that he had to run out i
know that doesn't matter i can untair it up well what do you mean by that i'll
call him during a break or something you're gonna call him will only take a
half hour for me to get the address uh as a matter of fact he does have a phone
number on here we'll just uh shot it as shide okay i'll shove it over there
time a George will call you because he's such a great guy because we're here
to serve in a happy out that's right right here also here to beat the pants off
a bush in november a minute to plead and all his right wing assholes like that
one in california why that's an old story remember how long ago i read that
story about the the words on uh the seven words and it got once to ban
asshole that jackass out there in california republican jerk started to be
redundant five six seven oh five sixty pound five let me read the question again
very clearly okay oh and thanks so much for uh faxing the articles that
already been on our website like erick margolis who's a great colonist and
he threw on her son and believe me they don't have too many hard to lift a
fatilla the hunt but no wonder america has so many enemies that was from um the
sunday son been there done that it's been on our website thank you so much and
anyway on the old book paints ugly portrait of bush well i love and thirty will
put the a pullback up students are voting on your favorite character on one
on the old paint book paints ugly portrait of bush now wouldn't you think that
somebody would have brought me in the book by now i'd i'd pay him for it i mean
i got a port is right by my house i can go there tonight or the sacked in the
way who right i could do that but i would like to have it right now i should have
done it yesterday but i was too busy watching all the hockey games including
least be calorie four to one and spread of their depleted lineup but i had more
people that line up last night that i never even heard of before who the hell
were they but anyway they look pretty good thank goodness on yield book paints
ugly portrait of bush former US secretary treasury pollonials portrait of
George w bush depicts a passive and superficial president sounds right on
so far surrounded by right wing ideologues who like the intellectual rigor or
even the curiosity to think through the effects of his policies you know
something that paragraph right there should be on every tv show it should be on
uh... everything on alph everywhere
don't you think
absolutely i'm going to read it again before you get to a little bit of the
rest of it
and this is on our website on the book paints ugly portrait of bush at least i
think it is
former US treasury secretary pollonials portrait of George w bush depicts a
passive and superficial president surrounded by right wing ideologues who
lacks the intellectual rigor or even the curiosity to think through the
effectiveness policies
in detailed recollections of cabinet infighting and his own one-on-one meetings
with bush's recovered to the pilot's surprise winning journalist Ron suskind
only a provider rare insight into an unusually secretive administration
glimpses of a president with sometimes unusual priorities
suskind book the price of loyalty for which only was the principal source one
on said yesterday
the treasury department on monday extra investigation into whether classified
document was displayed during a cvstv with o'Neill
that are on sunday right
in the book on the elsa's the time you know somebody made a very good point i
think was public out on crossfire yesterday
look how long it took them to start the investigation into valley claims
outing at the cia
yet because of the vendetta against those of wilson or husband
uh... there's still not to do we still have any answers on that yet
but the day after sixty minutes airs on cbs and pollonials on their
dragon them out of the closet all well worth a good conducting investigation
and inquiry that is
anyway in the book on the elsa's the tone of the relationship with bush was
said at their very first meeting
where he was offered the job of treasury secretary
instead of a detailed discussion bush was more interested in why the
cheeseburgers he ordered were slow to appear
interrupted talk to someone white house chief of staff and your card
you're the chief of staff you think you're getting up to getting a some
cheeseburgers on the over called bush saying
card nodded no one left he all but raced out of the room
to get the cheaper receiver
you could call john bullucci he brought him
if he weren't dead
in the first one house reaction to the interview the book spokesman scott
mcclellan said monday on the list criticism appears to be more about trying to
justify personal needs opinions
then it does about the results we are achieving right what a lane come back that
is uh...
we're talking dodo bird is what we're talking
just like i've been telling you all along
but don't confuse the american public like that because it's the
the s s h word that comes into play here the s h word stupid
never leave that on your side stupid
what was your all-time favorite TV character we got archie bunker frank can
in homo simpson
baby stewie captain Kirk elbundi rose and rosanna danna
bit uh... uncle Arthur lucy ricardo and cramer so far is that did i get them all
yes okay
and like i said about eleven thirty
eleven o'clock plus thirty minutes
we'll get it up on here you can start your voting but in the meantime five six
seven o five sixty
five sixty on the eight t and t
and for eyes on wireless line
look at that line once we're in even q a m
i didn't say anybody was on a police was ringing q a n
no no sir
i actually was trying to get on to move on dot org
and if you go to
move
slash on dot org
you're a republican
spin website
well why would you do that
or i'm not sitting here reading a bunch of the quote but they were kind of
ridiculous yeah
not so easy to find an address to contribute on now
i think you need to send them your information and they send you a
contributors for okay thanks
move on dot org it's all one word i mean everything that was all one word
m o v o n dot org it's pretty simple even a little child could do it in
between check out the porn sites move on dot org okay very very easy
everybody's got an excuse for i mean you know i understand some people don't
have the cash some people don't have a computer some people don't know where
to steal one things like that
they could steal this one
they you can not only can they steal it will give it to you hold the door open for
it
in fact you can have the computer and your course or how do you like that
my
or what's your charge for real five sixty
way
way
yeah
all the sopranos
what no f**king thing
well made exist it comes to pros
act you will think the lips
over the tits
total f**king
you mother
he's got a real f**king attitude problem
but you pick me in a f**king head the words become blown out your
race
for sure i'm getting the chubby there's two things i'm good at
it's all events and spot in good
jobs i'm not be able to write my own ads you know that you're born to this
i'm a babbling idiot can you just shut the f**k up about it
stick it up your ass
don't touch a f**k off can't just have fun to the vaporize that you're stupid mother
f**king you know that you
f**king piece of s**t
oh please don't start for the name
business what the f**k is your problem
or the f**king audience with the pope
i bet you're very good to your mother
f**king you f**k what
yeah f**k you
do you f**king call me
i'm f**king day huh
it's nothing but a
a racket for the Jews
Jesus Christ how you doing
f**king no zine
eat your mother god
i can't eat there it's got cholesterol
can i just get some macaroni and gravy
f**king you f**king you
who's talking about when she said it's nothing but a racket for the Catholic
church
1114 and 560 wdqm what was your all-time favorite tv
character where we're getting indicted with the
Eric cartman from south park got cartman got it all right uh
hawk i pierced from mash well it shows that some of you people want to just
permanent monster
didn't he do the uh
tonic of panoras why i just played that
basal faulty from faulty towers that's what they w of course
wealthy towers you already even knows that
archie bunker we already got that on there
my favorite it says thank god well that's the idea what's your favorite
i hate to be throwing all that paper out here
right we'll get the uphol up there 1130 and then you start voting just
relaxing the meantime let's have about four thousand more
suggestions between now and two win a mad dog comes along
here's that schedule again not 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T inforizon wireless line don't forget we got the
heavy duty snail i see the panther game oh oh wait
this is a mistake
panthers aren't antfilot elf you tomorrow you're the right day
i'm not the right day they're at Philadelphia they're home against
Philadelphia tomorrow i think how else could we
been given away tickets to the panther game we've got to be a home game
they just came home this morning they wouldn't have been coming back here if
they were going to Philadelphia they just came back from
Calgary like i said so we got that game then we got the panthers and uh
Calgary on Saturday is that right oh this isn't right
this thing is just oh you know what this is last week's schedule
what is this crap what is wrong with you people this is last week's
fugence schedule i'm reading here i'm looking at all of these things yeah
they weren't filling they went over time four to three the game is over
i bet you any outcome i bet you stevey westwood's winning gold and over time at
about 306 of ot anyway so i'm giving you all the wrong and from
and nobody cares nobody says a thing inside here that goes to show you man
no wonder clearance ain't showing up today no wonder buff is in there with
tears rolling out his cheek i don't want to tell you which cheeks either
so look at this we got uh i'm not going to see Hank this week he's not even here
i missed my opportunity
Hank is at the crystal palace in abhamas this afternoon to a new show and again
tomorrow and uh oh no he'll be back Friday so we got the mad dog at two the
humpback at the crystal palace hurricanes warm up at seven hurricanes at
St. John's at the 730 Eddie Captain of basketball
joey marker overnight so we just had the wrong opponent but we don't have no
panther game tomorrow the panthers are playing the Tampa Bay on saturday
right at the macarena so so what did that mean what what was that
contest that uh i don't get it get what
that the thing that we just had from yesterday would joe costett will be
not giving you tickets to the panthers and fliers i don't even know what a
highlight game is and i'm looking at the schedule i'm saying Thursday night
skimming at the fliers you people ought to be in jail man
this is the most bogus freaking place see in Toronto i don't have these problems
because you guys facts me the schedules i put up in front of my posts and it's
all right there and i know what we come in i know what planted on mine whether
i'm here or on in your reinness but this is just a mess this is a mess i'd be
embarrassed if i was you clearance and you two muff
weak sisters the weak sisters to the poor that's our crowd
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t and for rise
in wireless line and what the hell kind of naked pictures is the
humber god to be in his doing his show out of town somewhere
maybe it's crystal palace and i was he must have the keys to the kingdom
the old humber w.a.n. hello
yes sir you have the sponsor macaroni grill and the guy
delving out of song into that well great w.a.n. hello
uh yeah nio yes sir uh i'd like to add someone to
the uh poll go ahead sir okay um i don't know the
i'd keep a straight pace when you're doing who is it okay i don't know the name of the
character but the actor is peter boi in uh the
the everybody loves Raymond the one that plays the father
Ray Ramon's father who's that who's that George
right or well somebody will call they'll know
sorry well somebody will fax me the info and he was and he was really good in
young france and also peter boi okay and i don't love Raymond
i can never do i good thank god for that thanks pal
i'll tell you somebody we'll call him with the name of the uh
care gets frank but i don't know i'm not gonna put down like frank frank is not the name of a
character how about frank can they they don't know the character how about frank canon
all right he's already on the he's over i know that but i'm saying his name was frank
could be frank anybody could be frank snotra did frank snotra june you just die or
is that my imagination it's your imagination are you sure no i saw crawl see the
pratt now look at that on the bottom my screen the crawlmo is so close to the
bottom unique to get 2006 world cup opening uh something i mean
you can barely read the damn thing they got to shove down so far
just like when you're watching certain sporting events now they got to screen
littered oh and a mad dog was right yesterday they
who what network was it who telecast the patriots um uh
Tennessee games Saturday night they telecast most of the game from this bizarre angle i had a headache
by the time i was done my stomach was twisted from the uh tense
tenseness of the game but my head was pounding from trying to watch it from like this bizarre angle
and then and he's right when every time they try to feel good will attempt it looked like they
were kicking about seven hundred yards because it's like that that long you know i mean like
ground view and you look up you think holy crap he's got to kick it all the way to like a taunt
and mass to the dog track no all the way to like uh washman street all the way to like uh
paul raveurs house all the way to uh uh
fan you will haul you've never been in Boston huh no oh you you love Boston so they always
bad everything good there just just you no seriously you like the food is great and it's a college
town it's like living and breathing and you just just ignore the catholic church say about
paul a baby you say you know how to do that everybody else does just like in Italy wqaam hello
hey yes sir how you doing pretty good how you doing excellent that uh
the path is game versus the flyers is Thursday the 28 oh how why didn't they tell me that once again
they scooted i heard you doing the promo yesterday for castelo but i didn't get a chance to call
see see the reason i kept saying for Thursday nights game against the flyers is because they had
last week's schedule on there it's the flyers and the panthers and i'm you know just getting sucked
into that comes to find out that was about the game in fili last week right it'd be nice with qa
and we send somebody up the filly but uh god's for bin i don't think they spend that money
hey um i said the fact that i wasn't listening earlier about the uh fresh air show with uh
sub-kind and paul on you today oh yeah oh thank you i'm glad you reminded me that i got it
right here thank you yeah i mean one of the times is during your show but then there's another time
at three o'clock so well we're not gonna promote the one during my show i figured it was
i wouldn't do that either and then you you made mention of how quickly they opened up that
investigation on paul on you right and valor playing they haven't bothered doing anything correct
about nine eleven one was the last time we heard anything further about that oh we won't hear
about that there's quite a few of these investigations that are in the body the only hope we got
there is that the uh wives of the uh and the other relatives of the victims are like raising
enough hell that they just stick with it that maybe eventually they'll hold their feet to the fire
well hopefully some more people will come out and start talking now that uh you'll start at the ball roll
amen thanks a lot pal okay uh that's Larry who said former treasury secretary polo kneel and run
suskind uh suskind's appeal it's a prize winning journalist who's controversial new book the price
of loyalty it's about on eels observations of how the Bush administration operates they'll be on
the npr show fresh air at three this afternoon wse on 90.7 fm and noon wl r n 91 oh we don't
want to promote that one uh well i don't care noon on lr n they want to listen to it they'll listen
regarding marino it says i think about the danie and bobby bobby clerk if danie is half as lucky as
dark he'll be here for a long time clark's about five coaches for gold tenders robert ash for brine
boucher one of his recent trades not good recently they lost the buffalo six two pitsburg two to one floor
to four three now we look forward to home and home with toronto well that's why it goes lary we're
gonna kick your ass i hope uh we got lucky on that fliers are in a deep funk they can win a
fist game now and leaves are trying to like patch themselves back from all these bad injuries even
can cleave was it last night and we still want we're okay you got it you found me all that huh good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in forizon wireless line come on
everybody go leave school let's go go leave school everybody screaming i understand the game i
missed because i wasn't here i was in amsterdam in december the game that was a four four time
which must have been a hell of a third period i just come back to toronto uh i understand that
there was like uh almost nineteen thousand people are that night they put a cell out in the box
score and at about eighteen thousand more leaf fans i just mentioned that again in passing
wqaam hello nil yes sir hey i got like the modern day uh archie bunker okay red foreman
what show is he on he's on that 70 show the father from that 70 show with the ashden koocher
but the father is the best in that show wonder if the father's getting to me more too
less he's great that guy he's getting the name isn't real life though
red foreman eight yeah red he came to george foreman
no i don't think so they don't really look to say okay here he goes up for me to tell you
hi who is it run her see all right i have a right life on the ocean of her she a hersy highway
he ran hersy loves me he listens he just don't have any sense of humor
haha haha and i say i'm not going to say anything now i'm not know you're going to get me into trouble
what i like let's just put all of the past behind us okay moe had a good idea that's all in our
behind they said something like that okay and then he'll be open up and said back to him and
then they are most slapped him in the face see i would that show would be even better if he would
do the things that you hear the sound effects on the air book a bright like if he'd be sure we're
just slapped guilty in the head that would be so great have a turkey sitting there and you can
snack the yeah smack the old meat and make it the light like Rick and sud slap the meat and make
it sound like you're slapping girlie in the pussy would be great i'm not trying to like program
oh show now that we're getting really tight we'll give them that drop okay now let's let's get
this thing up what do you say huh we got oh no we don't have all those other names on there
if you emailed him those are what continuously i don't want to start anything between you two
because the two of you are bonding pretty good is like another between me and Eric we love
each other it's not your computer can't stand him go to qam hello that is why
hey do you know why one is why yes me like i want for your program okay it's actually the best
in my opinion is the best show on TV better than sprangles curb your enthusiasm Larry David
Larry David yeah from the offer sign fell show yeah curb your enthusiasm
whether i'm the way up well okay thank you as well thanks pali all right and have a great day that's
supposed to be a great show i might even watch it someday but i doubt it i just don't watch any of
those shows it's not like once i did see that i told you the clip from it the other day i saw
lary david on there i turned it right out that does me i'm knocking this guy he's entitled like
larry david the shows that are good are on effects now wait a minute is lary david the name of the
character i thought that's the guy both oh it lary david plain lary david or his name is larry on
the show i don't know what his last name is i'm only here well we can't just put a larry okay
i mean that could be like lary parks lary fine lary the fury huh hats off to lary by del shannon
remember that no yes yeah you do of course i had it well there you go what's not to like del's by
the way del don't do it oh too late god damn it he blew his brains out because that runaway thing
was a big hit and then he had like runaway part two and runaway part three and let's run away
and spend the money let's run away and buy a gun and blow our brains out and i guess he chose
the ladders what he did that's bad whatever and he did hats off to lary that was his other big smash
was he wearing a hat when he blew it was he was trying to actually blow off the hat and actually
he missed is what the deal is that's the real story there's the emis for you obviously he didn't
miss no he missed a hat 27 past 11 at 560 q and we're going to get these schedule straight new
my life and love all day and this is 4205 60
all the food is the way you weigh yeah
Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead it's the 20th anniversary of all of the family
all looky dead if you need jam jello we
daddy don't be such a poochie now what ever happened to my little girl look at this why don't you
push yourself away from the table huh maybe have a salad once in a while daddy don't you know
how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal again with the charity speed
well it's true so why don't you send them the bones from the turkey your head for breakfast
oh
if I thought he was pushing up days
the last episode was all the band trees same show beds made
look who was your back daddy it was to die off and give me that a beer
that's 20th anniversary of all of the family Saturday night on CBS
brought to you by ibs home correspondent school where you can learn auto mechanics
don't repair all that you know
1131 at 560 w here my Lexus Carrington what else you was at from dynastie or one of those
something like that okay anyway Lexus Carrington you got it
nor is that Ed Norton was that his name no yes it was yes Ed Norton from the honeymooners and
beaver his name was beaver cleaver how come this thing just went down wait a little
on that's okay beaver cleaver from leave it to beaver and i got a facts here oh here's another one
says how about that zel miller from Georgia democrat uh supporting and fundraising for
George w he's a democrat like i'm a right wing republican okay not even a new story it's the same
old hide crap another one in dixie crass stromthurman would have been proud anyway wait a year
this facts look at look at the length of this facts George good god who was before norton
uh beaver cleaver no before norton Alex uh Lexus Carrington uh got her
anyway wait a year the unsigned of course length the bull crab facts i love it probably from
a miss fudge herself dear neal i still listen but not as much and i'd like you to know why
yeah the the funny part of this is uh we have one bad month in the trend out of six years on
this radio station which we've had a couple of other horrendous months it always happens
when they can't find your audience when the suppose get all the diaries or the suppose get all the
diaries or when i watch your right wingers get all the diaries it happens and so they act like
oh my god you've lost your audience so yeah right sure then how come you're listening asshole
anyway goes on to say uh not listening as much so i like it and know why i really don't care why
to be honest with it i heard drudge on the schmitzjo and agree with him your ratings are down
yourself destructing right the only reason this fudge is saying that is because that's his way of
getting even with the fact that i call myself destructive self-hating fag which is exactly what he
not that you're going to change but i'm going to type this anyway well great keep you off the streets
keep you from bombing any abortion clinics i listened during my lunch hour i can't hear the
entire show since you broadcasted from canada you stop talking about local issues stop ragging on
local politicians the mimie crooks the hellendale drivers pig reports all gone we have many pig
reports we talk all the time about local crooks whenever there's something special going on but
the fact of the matter is that we talk about the uh myriad of elephant plenty on that uh show yes
did this show in fact the state elections in florida if you'll recall which obviously this
asshole can uh who was it that went right to the florida with the uh state election website
and had the primary all fingered out before anybody else between jan or rena when bill what was
his name mcbride but nevertheless i like hearing your rag on the mimie crooks and old drivers well
you know something uh we're not interested in just doing the same tired old crap every day to make
you happy but you never cared about politics before since when when when did that start there was
a previous broadcast you were trying to do a left a left show an opposition to rush for god her name
she was on the afternoon and it was boring god what was her name i forgot it oh i don't know
left this detected right see this is the right wing asshole of course it wants me not to talk
about politics and oh if you would just change the show to pacify me because i can't stand
listening to anybody tells the truth well guess what blow it out your ass i don't hear as many bits
and the ones you do play attack our president good instead of ragging on mimie politicians you
ragging on the president's unpatriotic not entertaining just another lame attempt and sucking up to
russian sucking up to tod smith and misfogging all the other right wing assholes ain't gonna work okay sweet
heart whoever the hell you are he ought to love our man in fact just just to prove it to you and now
we're gonna start ripping bush twice as much just to make you happy okay and you'll be sitting
out there grabbing it and squeezing it real tight whatever you got getting all bent out of shape
with your teeth crumbling too freaking bad okay this is this is part of the same concept you know
just like with a polo neal thing just silence all the opposition well guess what asshole that ain't
gonna happen we're gonna go on we're gonna register 800 million people in florida vote in
november that's right a lot of them don't live here a lot of them have been dead for years a lot
of them never been born yet i mean since the right wingers are so concerned about the fetuses
but they have the fetuses vote sure only the black ones though right only crack babies there you go
oh now how much did you say that i was set well good point five six seven oh five sixty i mean it's
i just never stops it never ends on you if you'd stop talking about politics you never talked
about politics be more bull crap bull crap in addition to which what breaks your heart is having
kicking russia's ass in this market since today he came on the air in this market every single trend
every single book okay so blow it out your right wing ass god talk about a waste of time
what snitches is that you can take touch met and said his ass back to tap into which is where he is
and since the Schmidt-Mistors doing a show from Tampa and Russia's doing a show out of New York
i'm sure they have a lot of local interesting issues to talk about too right nobody gives a flying
fart about anything that's happening in this town okay nobody talk about parochial crap in
addition to which i hate to break the news to you but in Toronto all the same newspapers are right
there on the wicked web the Miami-Herald the Sun Sentinel i use the word newspaper loosely
okay let's get that pull up what do you say didn't you tell her to get that damn thing up already
get it up sweetheart let's go let's go i said 11 30 not 12 30 maybe he's waiting for those emails to
come in he's got all the names on there he just hasn't opened a pull up yet so our vast audience
can hop on their vote the ones who are left now that all the right wingers have turned on us
including all your stick right wing old friends all your bush liquors here's that pull question
again see that this just cracks me up as opposed to just saying oh well you know uh we're just
gonna go away well why the rush will be out in 23 minutes and roll me in all the other assholes
that you mentioned in your facts just go listen to them right and of course the answer is you won't
listen to them because you're obsessed with this program and always will be always have been the
ones who deny it the most of the ones who are most obsessed they're glued to this show because
they know that nobody know where is doing a show like we do here nobody know where no way don't
happen it doesn't exist no and as far as Russian all of his piled pop and right wing horse crap and
lies uh if that's what you like more power to you it's free the price is right while he's still on
the outside he'll do a show from the inside yeah him and jazz mccay and stereo you were were
those ankle bracelets the reverend gym agnetowski from taxi do you ever hear that sure reverend gym
rep well just put reverend gym or unless you know how to spell that last name which I don't think
this person does maybe they do here's one he'll get no votes but my favorite TV character was
detective Arthur Dietrich on Barney Miller play by Steve Landisberg what I like to Arthur Dietrich
detective Arthur Dietrich well get away now he's only got one on here he's not breaking
rules he's not telling me what to say or what to do or how come my ratings are so bad and guess
what asshole I don't care my ratings go down to one here that's what Greg we deserves anyway the
checks continue coming in all right it's under three years in counting so this sit back
relaxin after three years it'll be bye bye I'll go off and have a great time spend the money
while you're sitting there are typing up stupid notes faxing the people on a radio it says I've
also attached an ad I'm going to cross online seems like people are kind of defeats the purpose
most people have for such a product oh it's a penis thing create your own rubber dildo from your
own penis well who wants to do that look at that look at that George oh there's a guy
buddy now that guy he want to make a dildo because he's got an ample size the slong make a professional
great dildo from your own home just add water just whip it out and water it warm water I hope
insert your penis in the quick form molding gel hold it there for 60 seconds your penis
lies right out to reveal a perfectly detailed mold fill the mold with the amazing pendant rubber
skin oh I like that idea rubber skin let it dry pull out your own usable life size rubber dildo
I bet you know who'd like that right yeah he wanted to always steal ours you know that's a good
idea because then you really could have yourself you could go off you yourself right with your own
right penis that wouldn't make you gay five six seven oh five sixty boy I am hearing about so
many straight guys that want to you know want to get them with a strap on buy some female of course
but see if it's female then it makes it very macho there's a work for that
fag yeah well I'm just telling you so many guys who will tell you that they're straight they want
it I know not a married guy I believe him a lot of guys with why sure whatever you say most of
yep you give it up to your anti-touch we can do the breakage there 20 after
yes all right I just didn't cross it up well I'm so emotional about the fact I had the wrong
schedule sitting up here all week long first you get talk about hey doff it clear it's your
couple of assholes man get with it boy they come over
see that cruise things in Spanish and you know boy they come over
and if you hear it you listen this you'll find out she was a guy not Cuban Brazilian or guy
guy for a little was a woman and she didn't even know rubber mold either is what I'm hearing
he didn't need no strap on that's here you had a gigantic number is what I hear
wait for this word what is it?
I don't know what that's all
oh
movie
happen
movie happen
zebra
see that's a guy there is absolutely no question about that is a guy
what is this some fear of wife's invisibility is liability about how her deans wife
and he said he wasn't going to schlepper around like some kind of a prop this is so stupid you know
nobody is going to vote for a candidate because they schlep or don't let their wife around
and we seem to give her a swipe no we see John Kerry's wife no
have a wife unless she's hot and she's flashy so stupid man and that again goes back to the
that s-h thing again too much stupidity going around
you
we are rich here
and large eyes potatoes. When it comes to kissing produce, I'm where we never
vickles. But there is one thing I will not do, I will not swoosh the bagels.
No we won't, no we won't, I'll keep it in. No we won't, we'll never, we'll never,
swoosh the bagel. Our sickle tees and sweet sweet, don't turn red, warm melon.
So glad we much on Captain Courage and all else that you're selling.
I'll suck in nibbles, can't a loaf in lappies, jangies, trickles.
But I'll never ever know I'll never ever swoosh that bagel.
No we won't, no we won't, I'll keep it in.
No we won't, we'll never, we'll never, we'll never, swoosh the bagel.
My finger quakes and lick the butts of sweaty heads of lettuce.
I've done about everything with fruits and have a veggie veggie.
I've swallowed manas of so big, so big they shared its chiggle.
And even though I love these things, I will not swoosh the bagels.
No we won't, no we won't, I'll keep it in.
No we won't, he never will, he'll never, swoosh the bagel.
No we won't, no we won't, I'll keep it in.
No we won't, he never will, he'll never, swoosh the bagel.
You asshole.
14-till-noon at 560 W.C.M.
The boys, the levels are all over the place.
They must be poaching in there I think.
They might be diddled around in their net other room.
We got to lock it up while we're not on the air.
Anyway somebody says a Colombo, somebody said Paramation for our list.
Here's the poll question.
Just for fun.
Who is your all-time favorite TV character?
Like I said, not just for fun but very scientific and important, isn't it?
No.
Yet is Archie Bunker is winning with 10 votes.
Al Bundy 8.
Poll is up by the way you hop on it.
Homer Simpson 610505 Hawkeye Pierce 5.
Herman Munster 2.
Lucy Ricardo 2.
Basil Faulty 2.
Baby Stewie 1.
Frank Cannon 1.
I voted for him because nobody else will.
I think it's Basil.
I say Basil.
That's alright.
Razzle bathbone.
Uncle Arthur 1.
Detective Arthur Dietrich 1.
See it's a Brit thing so I don't really care because they're just...
The only good thing out of Britain ever, ever, ever was Montiapython.
I was at...
End of Clockwork Orange.
I'm not talking about movies.
I'm talking about TV shows.
Because there were people who watched that upstairs, downstairs, that suit, suit crab.
Oh God.
The guy was being served.
How about the prisoner?
That was good.
Patrick Britain.
Owen Donne.
What do you have that British?
Absolutely fabulous.
What is?
Ab Fad.
The two chicks.
You're asking me?
You're asking me?
Was the prisoner British?
No, I think it was Jewish.
Long time ago.
He was Irish actually, Patrick McGuin.
No votes yet for anybody.
What we just got the thing up to?
We got about 40 votes, whatever the hell it is.
Or maybe just...
Stop turning me.
Stop on it.
560-50560.
Those are my favorite.
Like the facts I just got before.
He plenty more of those coming.
Okay, it makes for a very amusing reading on the ear.
It also shows up what about your assholes you write, Winger's R.
Oh, we used to like you so much better when you didn't talk about politics.
What was that?
What was that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know either.
I don't either.
I came on here in his town almost how many years now?
I've been talking politics.
I'm going to continue to do so in spite of the desperate attempts.
Well, it used to be your ratings sucked out.
You know what?
I'm not blowing out your ass.
Take your arbitrary diary and wipe your ass with it, okay?
A rush-looker?
Well, I think it'd be a bush-looker.
But I guess there's some similarities there, not too, huh?
Bush-lookers and rush-lookers?
I guess that's how you write rush-down on the diary.
And pill-poppers?
Yeah.
Fony.
Talk about hypocrites.
Al Bundy 12.
Just move in the head of Archie Bunker.
I can't believe that.
Can you eat Al Bundy for me?
Yeah!
Outside, out of mind.
Yeah.
Ancient.
Big nose.
Yeah.
That was...
I didn't like that, sure, at all.
It was funny for the first couple of three seasons.
He was just annoying.
Yeah.
Archie Bunker was funny.
Edith was funny.
How come nobody said Edith Bunker?
Archie was funny.
How come nobody said Edith Bunker?
Put her down.
Huh?
I did.
Archie used to do all the time.
Edith.
Edith Bunker.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if somebody don't say meathead.
Huh?
Meathead was good.
Although he's a liberal now.
We don't want to get too excited about him.
Who?
Who's he supporting?
Is he supporting Dean?
Go, no.
No, he's been prancing around with somebody.
I think it was Dean or maybe it was a clerk.
I don't know.
Well, no, he doesn't.
I don't think he does Delhi, so he wasn't with West Clark.
5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8, 8.
No seriously.
Can you explain that to me?
That's going to be the dumbest thing.
Although the new New Hampshire poll showed what I don't want to say the numbers because I know
what it was.
But I know that the clerk was up to like 20%.
He passed carries in a second place.
And if he can come out second in New Hampshire, that puts it in pretty good position because you know
good old retired general, West Lee Clark is going to be really strong in South Carolina and Oklahoma
and all the military kind of like goose seven states.
Da.
Right.
So he may have a shot.
Don't think this thing is over yet.
Dennis Kassenditch for president, baby.
I don't care what anybody says.
He runs, he talks rings around these guys.
Heads and shoulders about, well, not the head part.
Got that bad piece.
In fact, now that I'm tight with Mo, well, kind of like a little tight.
Maybe we can borrow one of his pieces and let Dennis use it.
Huh?
That'll finish him off.
WQA him.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I got some additions here.
Paul, one male, one female.
One.
Well, okay.
For the male.
Who's the one?
Okay.
How about Louis the Palmer on tax applied by Danny DeVito?
Okay.
Louis the what?
The Palmer?
Louis the Palmer.
I'm not going to put the shows on because for us a lot, it's too much work for Eric.
Number two, if you don't know who the, who the character is, then you know, then you shouldn't be voting anyway, right?
Right.
What do you say?
If you don't know the character's name, like the guy from everybody loves Raymond.
What do you say?
Brian DePama.
56670560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Hey, this list can go on for hours and hours.
Like about a couple of months.
Yeah.
Then we don't have to do all that.
What do you say?
We'll talk about whatever the mood strikes.
Someone who has a story like to think about Paul O'Neal.
What it is, scratch it is, what it is, scratch it.
This person is made out of Teflon.
What's the heart rate of diamonds?
What's the hardest to platinum?
Diamonds are the hardest surface known to man on the face of the earth.
Right.
Hardest stuff.
Forget about platinum.
Forget about Teflon.
This man has got a diamond exterior.
You can't scratch him.
You can't touch this.
Haven't I said for months now he could come on TV and hold a press conference
to say lies to his teeth about everything and have a nice day.
And let's get the cheeseburgers brought in here.
And it would change nothing.
The media would go, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
But like that.
Oh, there's a lot of chatter going on.
Boom, boom, boom.
Yeah.
Raise that alert back up to red this time, I think.
Kind of divert everybody's attention.
Right.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Come on quick things.
First of all, yeah, Basil Fawfie said there was nothing good out of it.
I never saw that show.
Well, it was John Place from Monty Python and he was a great show.
Like I said, that was a great show.
It was he was the best.
And then the second thing is that Larry David does play himself
and he's not a great character, but Basil hasn't beat.
Okay.
And that one month.
What is it?
One month thing.
I was on hold yesterday for an hour because I had a song for you.
If you think yesterday, you will like it.
Right.
Go ahead.
Miami as they want that.
He hasn't got a clue.
We thought that way with Ken of that.
We thought that Dave was true when Carl the man elected and gave them two more years.
And I had been a reno to pass the fight.
I'm bad.
See you.
Yeah, that's right.
He did as a pacifier.
I never got back to Miami.
Pope column.
You know what?
Before I read Dr. Heathcliff Hustleble.
Oh.
I want to die.
I want to die.
Hey, listen, somebody liked him.
You haven't mentioned they knew the one comedy bits are.
Well, first of all, it wasn't new into one Alejandro, but it was the one to two.
I guess it used to be new into one.
We were on nine to one.
It used to be like the one to two hour comedy bits on Wednesday.
And it's the one here today.
We took a poll on it.
We did it the old democratic way.
See, we don't fix the, we don't rig the results on a poll like certain election people do.
Oh, and then I saw, you know who I lost all my respect for.
Not gonna head like Michael Putney.
Our old friend Michael Putney, a channel.
Yeah.
Boring Michael Putney.
He writes a column in a hero today, sucking Catherine Harris's ass.
And about how she's not gonna be no boring Paula Hawkins.
And she could be really dangerous if she runs in the adi adi adi.
And she's so bright and he read her book.
You know, Michael Putney, you are such a schmuck.
It's people like you that are tearing our democracy apart.
And that's how I'm crushed.
Yeah.
Michael Putney of all people.
Evil, citrus, bitter, bitter.
Sucking up to an election fixing.
Evil obnoxious, moneyed, governor, licking bush bitch.
And sucking her ass.
What a disgrace that was.
I couldn't believe it.
How much?
I pray.
I pray that she runs for the Senate in Florida.
Because what's gonna happen is that just like his main predicted, that'll rehash it.
Or really reinvigorate.
All the people pissed off about 2000 again.
The ones who were just in franchise, the ones who weren't allowed to vote.
The ones who were the victims of the big fix.
And they're gonna come out and just kick some ass in Florida.
The ones who's yard floor shredded during the season.
The citrus people, right?
That's well, that's your beef.
That's right.
In fact, you know something that's the least of her.
And what does that tell you about her?
Mm-hmm.
Not that she's got that little conflict of interest, that money grubbing bitch.
Day after Dan, Marino hiring is just a smoke screen.
So that he poaps as the story will not go away.
Now that Wayne Heising is, I'm not gonna read the whole thing.
It's very long.
Now that Wayne Heising has created the most spectacular diversion in dolphins, considerable history.
Let's see how it works or it doesn't.
Dan Marino, the greatest passer ever, puts in nine to five days at a desk as senior, vice president of football operations.
I don't think so, so is that either pope dope.
When new general manager, Rick, the spielmeister requires a player.
What does Dave wants that have to do if he wants to cut that player?
Gets fieldman's permission.
And then Marino's?
This alone, we know where the hell's it continue on page eight.
And the dolphins, new command mag amaze.
You can't slap a pencil instead of a football in Marino's hands and say what's certainty.
Go get him, boys.
Dan, he was the best and that makes you the best.
If they want to call him an ambassador, fine.
He'd be all of that and more.
He could smooth with ticket buyers and potential ticket.
He is to the dolphins, but Bernie Cossar was supposed to be the Panther organization.
Remember that?
Of course he do.
He stood right in the doorway there and wanted me to bring him in on the show and waste my time.
Bernie Cossar, you remember that?
No.
Yes you do. He was standing here giggling at the school girl.
We bought the Panther, is we here?
We bought the Panther.
Oh, that's silly, uh, you know.
That's right, silly goose.
Bernie Cossar.
Did it work?
No.
Bernie still around?
No.
No.
You're not fooling anybody when so you can bitch out our Mundo-Cell-Garro and everybody
else in the media all you want.
I just cannot stand.
I have no room in my life for billionaire assholes who are always bitching everybody out
who doesn't agree with him and suck their ass.
Same old tired crap man.
Hey Wayne, we're tired of you and your bald spot.
Pack it up and get lost.
And if you think you're fooling anybody would they want to and by the way, all us bills and
patriots and jet fans and everybody else, we love it.
Keep on set.
Give them like a lifetime contract.
Sounds good to me.
Oh, right.
Sounds excellent.
In fact, Eddie Jones in quarterback this year.
Know how old he is?
No.
About 100.
5'6, 7'5, 60, 0'5, 60, on the effect he's going to have a walker on the sidelines this
year is going to be pacing up and down the sidelines with a walker, kind of like Edna Wallace
on passions.
And you knock passions one more time, Mr. and Mogence might be producing my show next week.
I'd have to watch it tonight because the Moai here at the West I like it.
Three minutes till noon at 5'60, WQM will be giving you that revised schedule several
times today because clearance just can't get it straight.
That's what the beast says.
He can't straighten that thing out.
It's like a curly cue.
Hey, EF, what?
That's what he said.
It's like a little pretzel is what it is.
In fact, if you look on a website, you'll see Bush spit in some of them out.
I love that thing.
That is just, oh, I could sit there and punch them buttons all day.
In fact, if your punch is real fast, you know how many pretzels he can spit out in 10
seconds.
I love it.
EF, Taren, out of repair, a place you can trust though your car too.
Believe me, you pay a lot of money for that car, whether the vehicle, whatever you're
driving.
So don't just entrust it to anybody who says, hey, we're a repair shop.
Take it to EF because they know their stuff.
You'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of Sample
Road in Pompo, No Beach.
At EF, Taren, out of repair, experience the difference that experience makes all EF
mechanics our ASC certified technicians, current with all the ways technology.
And most of them with the EF team for almost 20 years.
The EF team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is too big or too small
for these guys, whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, whatever it's been blown.
From a 73 Toyota to an 04 Bentley, EF Taren, out of repair, be doing it all for you.
And all their jobs are meticulously, carefully, sleep scrupulously, double check for accuracy
by the shop for them.
And every car is cleaned upon completion of the work too.
EF honors most extended warranties.
They offer you a wide-await service and most repairs as well.
That's EF Taren, out of repair, you'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway in Pompo,
which is called 954-426-9926.
954-426-9926, be sure and tell them that ancient Neal told you to call.
And when you do call, be sure and ask about their 90-day savings cash in Winters Credit Card 2.
So take that vehicle soon to EF Taren, out of repair.
Nationally known as one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the country, people
you can trust.
And don't forget that EF their motto is, nobody cares more and nobody will work harder
to earn your business.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QAM.
All right, I can't believe I'm the winner.
I am the winner.
Well, it wasn't even close.
I terminated for all great days.
The people didn't seem to care.
I grabbed the bullies after little miss.
California has spoken at the winner.
Lots of women said I final them in all it was like 33.
But now the water's gone clear.
Because now I'm done to grow the native of the California G-Wall P.
Well, I used all of my muscle and I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very un.
I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mouthfuls in the school field.
Well, leave your honest with your public and you tell them you are the final screen.
Trust me.
They'll forgive you like they did me and they'll make you to the G-O-P.
Here's a key change in the song.
Who's the man take little Batman, Super Mario brother, never had a prayer.
The parables, the voters start a mouth and make it in his little Pac-Man on the way.
With a little city tiny holes.
I'm the victor, I'm the winner and my hard-wifes a kind of D.
And now I'm the new crope of the California G-O-P.
Congratulations, 1202 at 560 WQ.
Somebody says Sergeant Schultz from Hogan's Heroes got it.
Got it.
Somebody says Jerry and Bunny to Spring says one of our fine facts are says.
I'd like to suggest Jim Rockford for today's poll is a great character.
Isn't that Jim, James Gardner's a great actor?
He's comfortable every now and then someone needs some comfort TV.
Like Playboy TV is comfortable.
That wasn't a bad show even though.
How come I can't punch up the audio from Playboy TV here?
Like I do when I'm in Toronto.
Even though we're paying for the satellite service.
Right, I get it on both my hands and I get it on both my hands and I get it on both my hands.
Yeah, right.
Two years.
That's a two years we haven't gotten about their paying for it.
That's good.
The economy needs it.
We could say something about it and then they'll come in and unplug it and plug it back in.
Right, and then they'll put a phone in the garden there.
Some police card that doesn't work.
They can't even get like a pirate card in here.
That's how we got competent there.
My favorite TV character is Mr. Fing Spock.
Says somebody we got that down.
Mr. Spock, he's good.
Love them ears, man.
And word is good is who's likely we see with a bad ears.
That Britney's husband.
Oh, yeah, that's a rainbow.
That red necked A Yahoo from Louisiana with a bad ears.
Holy cow, holy moly.
And she thinks she's been doing it.
You think she actually saw it?
You think he's got one?
Wow.
No, there's something wrong with her.
Yes.
Yes, they're too much booze.
Maybe too much fame in an early age.
Maybe not enough sex with me.
Maybe she's a dike.
Maybe she got turned on when she stuck her throat down Madonna's purse.
Maybe she's doing tennis right now because maybe she enjoyed the slapover.
Oh, Jesus.
It's one thing to have a sleepover, Britney, but not a slapover.
So much for that fantasy.
Yeah.
Well, she's unpear now.
She's unpear.
Tainted.
Woo, we, man.
Paint the tape.
Take her to the stage.
She is pristine no more.
She may be kind of clean, but she ain't pristine.
Says the old queen.
I'm telling you, it may be mean, but here are somebody says, um, J.R.
Ewing from Dallas.
I remember at the time I was single told any of my dates to pick me up after
the Dallas Senate.
I couldn't miss one episode.
It says Laura.
Yes, I need to get the life, but he was the best.
Yeah, J.R.
And he's on the verge of death.
I that's me.
Everybody likes Larry Hagman.
Larry Hagman.
Beat me about a half a second.
We said this last week, he's Tony Martin son.
Mary Martin son.
She's also dead.
She was in that bad car crash with somebody years ago.
Don't you remember that in New York?
Yeah, well, I think with James Dean, she was sitting in the, uh, she was riding shotgun.
They were getting drunk off of him.
Maybe he was holding the shotgun.
Huh?
Larry Hagman's a champagne drunk.
They were getting drunk.
Oh, that's right.
His thing is the liver.
He's got the head of liver transplant and they keep shove it in more bacon and more onions.
And they get fried it up and it ain't working no more.
They even took it off the menu at the J.R. Grill.
You know, the saddest thing was that the old, was it called not Robinhood.
That wasn't Detroit.
What that was at any of that grill at the, um, start us in Vegas.
Did you, do we ever go in there?
Rosewood.
No, the Rosewood Grill is a fancy restaurant.
This was like an old fashioned, uh, diner.
Like, you know, from American graffiti.
That kind of old fashioned diner.
It was great.
And then we just did a walk through through the start.
And they had like the little burgers in there.
You know, like the little castle burgers.
It was just just a greasy spoon kind of diner.
And I think the last time I was in Vegas, they, uh, changed it.
They, it's an ain't there.
I could be wrong.
I don't think so.
Although, Kitty Corridor, that is FLM's candies.
See, sooner or later, I'll always get around to that.
FLM.
Did you ever have FLMs when you were in Vegas?
Sure.
As a matter of fact, they had the, uh, Imperial Palace.
What did they call that crunch?
Oh, that's right.
That's the Imperial Palace that dumps that we stayed at that time.
Yeah.
What's that crunchy-yur stuff that I like, like, salt and crunch?
Oh, my God.
I could eat pounds of that.
I mean, what a way to die.
Sure.
You know, I'm talking about the square, the little like almond roca, but it's like that from there.
Oh, my God.
It's almost as good as those, uh, Rogers almond brittles.
Oh.
So you're, you're lucky you weren't here with the box of a bear.
That's the only reason I'm still here.
See, like I said, Canada's got too much damn good ice cream and candy.
Owen Paul Martin and Bush talked the other day and he did not call Bush and Moron.
He just kind of went like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So now everybody's real happy and Canada will be allowed to bid on the contracts in Iraq.
And we are going to be a mad cow in it.
No more.
It's all in North America.
Not just finger-pointing no more.
Yeah.
I think Martin looked at him and said, how's it going, eh?
And that's, yeah, that kind of threw him off.
A little bit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, uh, 60 pound, 5, 60.
See, there you go again, Bashin' our president.
That's a, see as soon as you saw that word in the facts, that's all you need to know.
Forget about Russian and about misfied.
How about Promo Shmech, direct, whatever his name is.
Our dictator.
But it's unpatriotic to criticize the president.
Of course, when the president was getting blow jobs on the side,
then it was very patriotic to talk about that and the depot would have blew dress on.
All that crap.
That was very important.
That was very important.
That's about that sperm.
People were asking people to blow jobs.
That's absolutely correct.
We were at a deficit.
All those thousands of people that were dying innocent people getting the $1 million in their lesson stuff,
because of a blow job.
But now this trillion dollar deficit, that's unpatriotic to point a finger with that.
So Paul O'Neill, we're going to fry your ass at noon tomorrow.
Too late now.
24 votes for Archie Bunker, your all-time favorite TV character.
24 for Archie.
23 for Homo Simpson.
Al Bundy, 20.
I'll see, it is just a play on words.
He does have a wife.
But the word I'm hearing from the insiders that Homo Simpson,
maybe a little bit...
FAMING!
Hawkeye Piercete, Lucy Ricardo Waitone, soprano 8,
Kramer 8, that's Brad Kramer.
The February tree we call about going to the track.
Yes.
I'm just a joke.
Eric Cartman 7, detective Arthur Dietrich 6,
Basil Faulty, nice name, Basil.
Basil is a herb.
Yes.
Basil is a guy.
Correct.
And a horse snake.
Didn't you love Basil Rathbone?
You have seen those movies, haven't you?
I've seen them long time ago.
You didn't like them?
They were fine.
The Foubley, Dr. Watson,
Do you want to see them again?
I do.
They don't lose their intensity.
They're great.
I must.
In fact, never mind.
I remember it.
And the voice of Terry.
Yes, that was a good one.
Basil Faulty 6.
How about the, what's your name?
The lady in green?
I don't remember that.
Something like that.
Baby Stewie 4, where they had the Midgit in the box.
The Midgit with the Poisson-en-Arts.
I forgot.
Ed Norton 3. Herman Munster's got three. Little Herman Munster. We know a lot of people looked just like that. Not to mention the guy with the eyes.
Reverend Jim Ignatowski 3. Captain Kirk's got a pair. And you ought to see him. They glow in the dark.
Red Forman 2. Beaver Cleaver 2. Two like Beaver. Colombo 2. James Rockford a pair. Larry David 1. Frank Cannon's got my vote. You got my vote, Cannon.
Louis De Palma 1. Uncle Arthur 1. Perimation 1. See if bunkers got one. I told you to eat it. Eat it. My conversation wants to be that but you just eat it.
Alex Alex is carrying to do and have any the fans don't have any yet. I don't think I mentioned them. Fonzie.
Jerry. I just don't like him. Who? I hated that show to begin with. I'm so Scott Bayocham on there. So I like that show Henry Winkler.
That's what I'm saying. The fans. I think you're that sunlight. Is that what it is? Yeah. Fonzie and Jewish. Not the character. And how about Tom Bosley? He and Jewish.
And what's his name? Richie. Which gonna hand? Who is what's his name? See? I just saw a whole thing. I saw him on biography. Open up a cannon. Hand. Ron Howard.
Ron Howard. Very good. He's a big movie. He's a big mobile now. He's a director. He's a producer. He's a genius. He's a genius. What was that first show?
He was that one. He's a little punky kid. Ronnie Howard. The Andy Griffiths show. Yeah. Very, very good. Let's hear it.
Andy Griffiths show. Ron Howard. Child actor. We haven't done our child actor. That's right. Have we ever done one? Tomorrow.
We could do a poll on which one didn't grow up? F'd up. Ron Howard. That's it. No. Which child actor? Which one would you want to do on that?
I have to be something negative. A child actor? Your favorite child actor. Shirley Temple. Saw her in Temple. Her and Celia Cruz. Oh, come on. People my mother used to torture me with.
Shirley Black. Shirley Temple Black. She wasn't Black. Where's Shirley Black? Ambassador Black. Is the Celia Cruz? What does that know? It's what her husband said. And it's Todd Hongan.
Lisa Cruz back and forth to and from Cuba. We're going to have flat foot in the first place. Al Buddy and Archie Bunker at how much sense we've got to throw right now. 25 of a piece. Vance is in gold. I'm back. Vance is in quay.
I got it all. We're coming back. Oh. Yeah. Who says we've located our friends in Little Havana and in Swingwater and in Whitechester and in the Haya Lia and Haya Garsisa and in Pembroke High.
And all the refugees are for the people. Nobody speaks English. You know what? It's a love of a guy over there. I go wild.
It's a great break. And not only that, but it's a very yellow key. That's true. Hey Celia, how you feeling, sweetheart?
Oh, yeah. Don't go wild. It's a good one. I'm going to fly. And the junk in it is a good one. Yeah. No. No. No.
Oh, wait. You bug me. Just put a Danny Boy varb a Bobblehead doll into the new office chair, same results or cardboard cutout dolphins lose.
Nice going. Smiley. Just put a Danny Boy, Bobblehead doll in the new office here. You'll get the same result or even a cardboard cut out of the whole Danny, the dolphins lose.
How come nobody commented about that picture in a hairl today in the sports section where Danny looks like a mannequin without the strings? You got to see it during the break. I'm going to bring it in. You take a puke at it. It's so bizarre.
Let's see. What was that candy referring to Golden Burst peanut shoes? What was that? No, it's a Rogers almond brittle. You can go on Rogers says at Rogers.com candy.
It's Canadian a and boy, that stuff will just wow. You'll weigh 600 pounds in a week and you'll die with a big smile on your push.
At the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4 p.m. mark it down.
All we're fine.
Can you say yes or only? Yeah, do we have a win and Barney five somebody said good old barney five.
Oh, my daddy he was told me so you be on working man. My mom he was told me so you leave it again.
Oh, we're fine.
Okay.
Oh, I smoke you don't be thought I smoke you don't. And then I smoke you more.
Oh, that's what I do.
Oh, you don't smoke you don't with me any morning.
Oh, you don't smoke you don't with me.
But maybe the blowing by that gas stoves, no surprise, isn't it?
Oh, you don't smoke you don't smoke you.
Oh, we're fine.
I was thinking about Phil Henry.
Are you?
No, I was thinking about why he did that sudden turn and the story we had on the other day about the guy in Arizona somewhere.
The conservative talk host who's getting squeezed out and good eventually not be renewed and getting a screwed over by clear channel because he came out against the war.
See when you work for a cheap channel you don't have a choice.
Right.
So it is not I don't think Phil Henry is saying anything that he really believes.
He's just singing the party line and I actually understand that you know what's called survival.
You got to get a chance.
I don't admire that but at least he's doing what he needs to do and if he would deny it to street I don't believe him for a minute.
Right. You got to eat because they're not going to put anybody to the look of a till of the hunt on the year on cheap channel.
And if they have anybody on their who is or doesn't go step the company line they're going to be gone when it doubt squeeze them out.
Like Zitz when it doubts squeeze them out.
Cardineter campaign with Dean in Georgia former vice president former vice president former president.
I know it's pretty embarrassing Jimmy Carter will offer words of praise for Howard Dean with an Democratic front right or attend search services with him in Georgia on the eve of the Iowa caucuses a to the two men said yesterday.
Dean campaign manager Joe trippy said they didn't expect Carter to make an endorsement but they were excited about appearing with the former president so close to voting in Iowa.
Carter said he will not express any preference about who should be the nominee or any sexual preference either.
I show a support from Carter could boost Dean's appeal in the south.
Carter a Baptist could also help Dean in recent effort to appeal to religious voters.
Carter son chip has also been campaigning for Dean and Iowa.
You know chip Carter the moment like one year where is the left eye supposed to be?
No. Well it's a southern thing you know kind of like Chelsea Clinton and banjo boy and banjo boy they're all from the same they had the same family tree.
And they grew up in a tree house I think.
But now there's something about the deep south I know a lot of you think I'm making that crap up but just kind of look around you.
Although here this ain't this ain't exactly the same.
You have to drive like out in the country to see the deep sound.
Good Lord. Yeah. Get into the deep sound.
That's right. Go north up into it like Okachobi not too far north or Paohochi.
Or like maybe I'll get out there on the alligator rally and stop in a mockery and have some Indian cuisine.
Just keep going till you smell the fart slug.
So like that corn you know what do they call that? Barbecue corn do you ever have that?
Yeah. When they put the corn in a tinfoil and put a barbecue I love that.
It's like almost burnt right on.
That great it is. I love that probably causes cancer but I like it a lot.
But then again what does is there anything it doesn't cause cancer?
Right now causes cancer.
Plus all that crap we discovered they've been forcing us to eat all the meat, the byproducts and the mong and the...
Oh it's steroids and the cannibalized cows.
And the hormone fed all the chickens that are just jammed in are all stressed out.
And we're eating them.
I do like my steak though.
Roots Chris. Night before I came back here man.
I had a meal of Roots Chris that would knock your socks off.
I had those sauteed mushrooms.
The French onion soup with the thick cheese baked out some of them.
And I had me a ribeye steak medium-well.
See at Roots Chris when you order a steak.
And I told him hold the butter because the butter makes me crack my brains out.
And you don't need the butter.
I like the butter.
Well that's because you don't have any stomach problem with it.
I do. Well you know my tender stomach.
But you don't need it.
It was so juicy and so delicious.
That's one of the best hunts to meet I've ever had in my mouth.
Believe you may.
Oh this story from yesterday which of course nobody is talking about because nobody cares because we just...
We just did roll over and played dead.
Okay whatever you guys say.
Supreme Court upholds police roadblocks.
Oh sorry.
You said about that.
The Supreme Court does not see bastards on the Supreme Court rule yesterday.
The people who gave you George W. Bush in the election.
The police may set up roadblocks to collect tips about crimes rejecting concerns that authorities might use the checkpoints to fish for unrelated suspicious activity.
The 6-3 decision allows officers to block traffic and ask motorists for help in solving crimes.
Critics have complained that authorities might misuse the power.
Disguising drag nets as informational checkpoints.
In other words maybe they just want to frisk you.
Maybe they want to do a little body cavity search.
Let the dogs snip your...
Yeah let the dogs snip your...
Rack them parts.
Your privates.
Roadblocks are used for a variety of investigations.
For example in 2002 police used them to try to produce slaves in the Elizabeth smart kidnapping in Utah.
And the sniper shootings in the Washington DC area.
But the Supreme Court has limited their use.
Although the justices have allowed random sobriety checkpoints to detect drunken drivers like Diana Ross.
And what was his name? Peter Wohlrell.
Do you know that he got his license suspended five years here and it didn't even make the newspaper?
No.
What a nice cover up they didn't.
Then they just kind of like shipped him out of town.
And I understand I want to tell you who told him I don't want to say it.
They ruled in 2000 that roadblocks intended for drugsturch searches are an unreasonable invasion of privacy out of the Constitution.
In Tuesday's decision just as briar who makes a dandy ice cream said that the short stops are very few minutes and most are not too intrusive outmotors considering the value in crime solving.
Police may hand out flyers or astro-abbers of volunteer information.
Oh man.
Five minutes at most.
You car.
Youville Cooperate man.
Per car.
Yeah like in July here.
Like at a nice day when it's 98 degrees in the shade and the humidity and you roll down the window it's like...
Right.
And you're like polishing from a stuck behind 50 cars.
Right.
Each taking five minutes.
That's right.
So what's a few minutes out of your time if you ain't got nothing to hide mister you illegal alien you.
I'm only hiding my friend.
By the way you should like for she's been let you stay.
Funny.
For a few months until you're finished picking them tomatoes.
Let's say uh Otis what does this say Otis the town drug on the end of Griffith show.
Otis Otis Otis.
Well they spell that out with two teas with two titties on there.
Otis would want the Otis the drug town drug.
So how are you going to put that down Otis the town drug?
Sure.
Okay.
Our poll today if you tune in to mystery wonder what that we're babbling about we're all over the place which is the way you will continue to do it.
It's by that factor who wasted an enormous amount of time and energy.
Typing out at great length a plea for me to do the show just exactly the way they want so they can boost up.
And we can get that liberal asshole bag off the ear and could happen.
What was your favorite all time TV character not actor not actress not show Homer Simpson 31 they like the old homo.
Archie bunker 29 Al Bundy 28 Kramer 14 Hawkeye Pierce 11 oh some of these shows.
Cartman 10 Basil faulty 10 Basil faulty's got 10.
Okay that was okay show.
Nice to see you.
He said enough.
Edinford Lauderdale says Napoleon Solo.
Who?
Napoleon Solo that was Robert Vaughan or was it the other one?
From what?
From the long time ago.
Robert Vaughan and David McCallum.
What was the name of the show?
I spy.
No that was Bill Cosby and oh yeah Bill Bixby.
Robert Culp.
It'll come to me.
Is it a detective show?
Yeah.
Oh no wonder.
No it was a good show.
Robert Vaughan David McCallum and David McCallum was pretty interesting.
We can go for a Brit blonde here.
Kind of cute.
Oh I shouldn't have said that.
You can't say it guys cute can ya?
No.
Okay.
You can.
Tom Brady's cute.
Yeah Fag's considered.
That's one of the blessings of being in a bag.
Oh look at that guy.
He's pretty hot.
I don't know the name of the show but we'll find out.
It'll be embarrassing to me when somebody will call you.
Napoleon Solo.
Well you can put down Napoleon Solo.
We don't need the name of the guy damn.
Should've put it on the pole.
Let's get with it.
Oh let's see.
Gotta add Fred Sanford.
For our look.
Let's see look at this.
For our Latinos Chico.
I said one.
You know Freddie Prince.
How's Freddie doing by the way?
You don't like his son.
You hate him don't you?
No I don't hate him.
You hate Freddie Prince Jr.
Worst than what's his name?
That you hate so much?
I don't hate Freddie Prince Jr.
Who's the one that you hate so much?
Christian Slater.
Christian Slater.
Who do you hate most?
I don't hate Freddie Prince Jr.
Or Lorenzo Lamis.
Which one do you hate the most?
Which one do you despise the most?
Lorenzo Lamis?
I think you're jealous because you used to look so good.
Okay yeah he used to look good.
I'll tell you one thing.
He all look so great anymore.
Well that show is not anymore is it?
Anyway.
No.
What was that show?
Who's hot?
Are you hot?
Now that was the one that you hate the most.
He was a good show for you.
He's the reason I came here.
He was not the reason I came here.
He was a good shower.
Some hot people on there.
There were some very hot people on that show.
And nobody would have brainwashed to see the survivor crap and people eating muskrats in
the cockroaches and all this other crap.
People on the scene.
Hot people as naked as they can see him.
Except for him.
Well I wouldn't have mind seeing him naked a few years ago.
He was in that movie where he was wrestling them snakes.
Well you can get in your time machine.
And wasn't he on Falcon Quest?
Yes.
He was stake eater.
Christine.
Laramas.
Laramas from head to toe.
Like he's one of your people he's a spick.
I mean not your category but.
Well they're a spaniards aren't they?
I don't know.
For an Andrew Lamas.
I think he Lamas Lepinion.
Oh he don't have his big of a neck as most of them Lamas.
27 past noon at 560 WQYM.
Hey you know what I would drink this morning for breakfast in here my interwrecks diabetic.
This is the only thing that's going to keep me alive.
Now that I'm back.
Did we get that other case at a chocolate yet?
No.
We will.
I got a case of something.
No seriously.
I'm telling you I need a lot more of that.
You better get on Troy Stratford's ass.
It's crowded.
Just straddle it.
Antirech diabetic.
I had it for my breakfast.
In fact I'm going to have me one for lunch right now.
I'm replacing two meals a day with that.
Well I'm here.
You believe me?
I am.
Okay.
Breakfast and lunch.
Anyway it's the most fantastic meal replacement drink that just happens to me for people who are diabetes.
But anybody who wants to cook down their sugar and take and drink it and enjoy it.
It tastes good.
It's sweetened with splend and believe me you'll taste the difference because almost all of the other drinks are sweetened with aspartaim and saccharin.
They got that nasty chalky aftertaste.
Not inter-ex-diabetic.
It's got a long complicated name but it's worth checking out.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry.
In fact you can pick up inter-ex-diabetic all over town outs becoming so popular.
Pick it up at public's wall greens, records and avarose sedanas, CVS other local pharmacies as well.
Inter-ex-diabetic say completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants.
Yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol.
Inter-ex-diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and 8-ounce scan provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
Try inter-ex-diabetic once you'll never ever trust me when I tell you go back to the crap you would drink and be for.
And the makers are so sure you're just going to love it that they're given away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavor.
For anybody who calls them at their toll free number, 1-866-368-3739 or factor yet order for your soft on their website inter-ex-diabetic.com and then just click on free samples.
Tell them that old meals sent you by for the delicious one and when you mention my name you'll get an additional special gift too.
Call that toll free number today. I'm telling you you're going to enjoy this stuff. It tastes great.
Call 1-866-368-3739.
Live, find, and local. You're sports video 560 healing.
You A-M.
Push, pipe, pipe, to the moon!
Oscar Madison.
Oscar Madison, George. Got it.
Look out, Sodom who's saying. Look out, Sodom who's saying George pushes got your name.
Look out, Sodom who's saying. He says we know. We know just what you're doing. Look out, Sodom who's saying you've been a very 94.
A very 94.
You'll be all the bunch of news.
Oh, Sodom he'll get you. He'll get you. He's got some missiles pointed at you and he'd love to bomb a rock.
Back into the middle ages he'd love to. He loved to love to love to love to.
George W is the president. He is the president. Congress wants him to explain.
They say what do you do? What do you think you're doing? He says we're going to take him out.
Go on and take him out. Go on and get this hoos safe bomb. Sodom he loved you. He loved you.
Shoot a bunch of missiles at you and he'd love to bomb a rock.
Back into the middle ages he'd love to. He loved to love to love to.
He loved to love to love to. He loved to love to. He loved to love to.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
He's got no trip to where. He's got no trip to where. He's got no trip to where. He's got no trip to where.
We had an update for MOTUS morning. Talked to Ferella last week.
What did he say he was doing? He said he's doing like what? I don't understand that.
He's doing one day a week on the man cow show in Chicago.
Is that what he said? I thought that's what he said. He's doing something else. I don't know what he's doing.
What do you do? He's doing what he's doing. What do you do? He's doing what he's doing. What do you do? He's doing what he's doing.
Sunny Crockett. Okay. No Kated Davy Crockett. I think that's the Q on that you can play it again now. No thanks.
I don't think Sunny Crockett ever wore a coon skin cap. Like Davy Crockett.
Only a pastel. Tucker was a regular factor and usually pretty perspicacious but really just didn't listen to carefully.
He says I think I picked a winner. Jim Rockford from the Rockford front. Somebody beat you to it Tucker. Good choice I guess.
I never was crazy about that show. In fact I didn't like that show at all.
Really? That's the only detective show I have. No. Give it to me.
Here you go. You probably also watched the catch of thief with Robert Wagner in the what's your name?
A little bit.
Man.
Rockford fault was good. He was a sad sack. He lived in a tree. Robert Wagner? Yeah.
Robert Wagner man. There's another guy that used to look all the way and I was scary until he threw Natalie overboard.
But he could be the worst actor. I mean big name actor of anybody who was really successful.
He's so stiff. Right. Flot. He was in a movie that Kevin Bacon later played the role.
He made the movie about where he throws the he gets married and he throws the girl off the top of the building.
And then he goes after a sister for the money. He marries the film.
That was a Kevin Bacon movie. That was a Matt Dylan movie.
Like I said Matt Dylan read the the movie. What's the name of the movie?
But the original was with Robert Wagner. Kiss before dying.
Oh I can't believe it. That is unbelievable.
Don't ask me how I know that. That's shocking. That's almost like I remember my frequent flyer Delta number.
That is beyond belief. And the girl was Sean Young.
Wow. Holy crap.
Everybody squat and drop a big one. Wow that was amazing.
That said I'm done.
Kiss before I kiss before dying.
That's very good. It was I'm trying to remember the one with Robert Wagner. I never saw the original.
Well guess what I got my handy book over here. You don't have to play that I got.
Oh I got to see you all cranked up just in case.
Let's see your kiss now. Is it going to be under I guess it'll be under a right.
How is it going a.
And believe me they do say that. Remember what Fonsey said.
You know the funny part. A. The funny part of it is the women do it too.
When a guy said that I've been to Kevin.
But the women say the same thing. I can't believe it.
They're easy lay a sitting around talking at the lunch or dinner in a restaurant.
You know what they're all talking about. I give up.
Taki. Oh serious. I'm not joking.
Let's see. Kiss Daddy goodbye.
Kiss Daddy. Good night. Kiss Daddy's ass. The kiss.
A kiss before dying.
Gold digger Wagner kills one rich sister Joanne Woodward.
See I mean to compare Matt Dylan well Robert.
Robert Wagner was actually pretty good at this.
But generally speaking is acting performances were incredibly stiff.
I mean the day that they put him in the ground you'll be hard pressed to see the difference between the before and after.
I mean a stiff by any other name would die the same.
But boy he sure looked good then.
1956 that's 47 years ago.
A lot of people looked before he's seven years ago.
But could you do it right anyway.
He kills one rich sister romances the other effective thriller mart only by somewhat one performance from Leith.
Whose Leith Virginia Leith Wagner's terrific though from Ira Leven's novel remade 1991.
So the remake oh here it is.
Lack lost to a thriller ruined by the double casting of young that's Sean Young.
As wealthy twin sisters romance by murderous dad Dylan stick with the 56 version of Ira Leven's story Matt Dylan.
Sean Young max fun side out.
Oh who from the excesses he father Marin.
You know if you folks out there seriously perming.
I mean we did all those shows on the movies.
I'm just getting sidetracked with this but there's so many of those movies from like the 70s and 80s.
Right.
That if you didn't see him you really need to you need to go to block button.
Oh sorry.
Well how do you win a video right over here?
Like I said Hollywood video do not go to blockbuster because they used to suck Wayne's ass.
Uh go to and and plus blockbuster is censors the videos and correct.
Oh geez so go get your DVDs and your BVDs at the Hollywood video or some other place.
Exorcist right because there are people who haven't seen it.
And on DVD they've got the new one with the added scenes where she's fallen down the backwards down the stairs.
They do however need to put it in a different part of the store.
They need to put it into the comedy section now.
What's that?
Exorcist.
Why?
Because that's what people do with it now is they look at it and they put the pea soup and they life at it.
No.
Yeah wrong.
It's not a funny movie.
Yeah it is.
Why?
It's a panic.
It's not spinning around.
It's not funny.
No it's not funny.
That's because you didn't see when it first came out.
It's a panic right?
Exactly.
No I see you.
No it's not funny.
Sure it is.
You know something you're going to burn in hell.
I'm going to tell you that right now Mr.
You son of a bitch you're going to burn in hell.
That's a power of Christ who pays you.
Power of Christ who pays you.
Power of Christ who pays you.
Power of Christ who pays you.
Okay no matter what sex is in just go find it.
Yeah we got the name of the man from Uncle thank you we've had 4,000 facts on that.
Thank you.
What are some of the other more network which you don't you're not that crazy about.
I love network it's just uh...
It's just what?
I can't get other people excited about it.
I can't get anybody excited but I don't know why people in this audience.
I'm as mad as hell but I don't think I can get anymore.
In fact I know we've done that poll and we ever done that poll?
Favorite character from the movies?
I think so.
We have?
That's what we had that argument the first time.
About what?
Between a character and the portrayal of a character.
Oh that's right.
Howard Beal I'm sure you didn't get too many votes you got a few from network.
I mean what's not to like?
I think it goes over people's heads.
Really?
Sure.
How can it go after people's heads when it goes on here in the yells borschtman?
How can that be?
There's no explosions.
Oh I see that's right there's no eh right.
That's right there's no on hold in it.
No way.
No slice the loan.
There's a killing.
There's nipples.
No bread pit.
And death.
No mig Ryan.
They say nigger.
You say it.
Twenty to one is five sixty WQM.
How tell you what no matter what you say no matter what you are they love your money.
I mean they love to see at the emerald coast.
That's right they'll take your money but both they'll put out a feast for you.
The likes of which you have never seen.
Emerald coast has got three soft Florida locations and boy if you want to party in your pants.
If you want to spend a lot of time on your throne just go and bulk up at the emerald coast
because it really is a fantastic feast.
Stir not with any of their six different soups or all of them if you like if you're real pig.
Then you've got dozens and dozens of succulent on-trace to suck on like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill.
Their new seafood saying Jacques oysters on a half shell.
And a lankan stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampy big fat ones.
And now for the first time ever steam main lobster on the weekends at the emerald coast.
And the Travis handcart prime rib their new Thai specialties to keep in mind no MSG no cornstarch no crapola
and they cook only with cholesterol free oils so you get really fine cuisine and a lot of it too.
Everything is fresh as well because the stuff isn't sitting there getting soggy for hours like most of those other so-called buffets.
And the buffet at the emerald coast features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar, fresh room cocktail too.
And if you have any room left at the end of the meal just kind of like Pacer's self,
save a little room it's well worth it for the dessert station featuring Belgian waffles.
In fact, is this your dessert station?
Right, I think it is.
Featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit.
They even be having watermelon just about all the time so hop on in hop aboard.
Emerald coast you'll find them in sunrise, pine island near Forte-Ford Street,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach,
and at the intersection of Flamingo roads and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines.
Take the entire family, the entire orifice, or a business lesson whatever it might be.
Let the folks at Emerald coast cook up a fantastic feast for you.
When you're walking you'll practically get dizzy looking at all that fantastic fresh delicious stuff.
Take out an delivery available to call 954-5723822.
954-5723822 it is unbeatable the Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
My, my, and local.
This is Forte-Ford's Radio 560.
You ain't too a-
So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God!
Tell me, ischmile.
Some year.
Gapel Hill Records and Tafes is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape.
You'll hear Al Gore, politician and public speaker breathe life into such classics as Moby Dick.
It's something particular to interest me on shore a tale of two cities.
It was the best of times.
It was the worst of times.
He'll bring all the chills and eerie darkness of Edgerton's poem.
Take the B from out of my heart and take the form from off my door.
Close the raven.
Never more.
Listen to Al Gore bring out the sexual tension in the steamy novels of Danielle Steele.
And I knew from the moment he caressed my tender skin that someday we'd be together forever.
So don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself.
Ship a boy.
Half-sane, walk-wale.
So cry a hab.
Available now in a Barnes & Noble bookstore near you.
I know he got a turn in again with a little more feeling.
What is wrong with my delivery?
I am a trained political space.
So Al Gore and the Bill Bradley have endorsed Howard Dean.
Right.
And Tom Harkin.
Jimmy Carter's kind of giving him a kiss on the cheek.
Oh, they're going to hold hands.
Oh, and pray.
Seriously, he's not going to endorse him but they're going to hold hands.
Okay, we're not going to say it.
But this is going to give you a clue.
We're going to grind a little bit.
Right.
In fact, he's going to put on like a little wig.
He's going to borrow one of most pieces.
And he's going to be Mrs. Dean for a few days.
Well, yeah.
Why not?
They're all bitching about, where is Mrs. Dean?
Well, who the hell gives a crap?
Where is Mrs. Gebhard?
Where is Mrs. Mostly Brown?
Maybe she's got a Mrs.
Right?
Where is Mrs. Sharpen?
We seen that bitch.
No.
So why, why do they got to single him out?
Because he's in first.
Because he's the leader.
That's right.
Because they're all crawling on his ass.
King of the mountain.
And up it and in it.
Where is everybody else?
And where is Julie Bremen's wife?
Oh, that's right.
Her name is Hadasa.
Yeah.
She's so Jewish.
Oh, that's...
He's a couple with a schmutt hunter.
Yeah.
And his kids' names are Menora and Sitzes.
5670560.
And her name is
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
If Jew, Lieberman wins, free hollava for everybody.
Oh!
Free a humantosh near a poor woman.
Oh!
By the way, speaking of poor woman, is it looking to count her real quick?
And last year we really got screwed up.
Of course this year I probably won't be here.
Which is good.
There's plenty of good delis in the Toronto.
And there's plenty of Jews in Toronto too.
Lots of Jews, lots of fangs, lots of packies, lots of Indians, lots of chinks, lots of...
You name it.
What do you like?
Lots of a few white people?
What does it say on there?
What month is it?
And February or March is poor.
February or March.
February.
You don't find no poor woman yet.
By the way, next Monday we got a little bit of dilemma here.
You doing all that, don't you?
No.
You don't see no poor woman on there?
Oh, I know where I'll find it.
Uh, one moment please.
Well, I didn't bring it.
My little blue book.
I'll bring it tomorrow.
I'll find out.
Yeah, look it up.
Speaking of that, speaking of next Monday is Martin Luther King Day.
North Carolina County deflag Confederate flag the next Monday.
Now see that headline makes it sound like really controversial.
But when you read the rest of it, it's not quite so hysterical.
Uh, Sanford, North Carolina.
Lee County deflag Confederate flag at its courthouse in honor of Robert E. Lee's birthday on January 19.
The same day is Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday.
Who?
Now who do you like better?
Robert E. Lee or Pinkie Lee?
Or Brenda Lee?
Lee Maytors.
Or, uh, Lee Allen or Lee Fowler.
Get Lee Lee.
Robert E. Lee's society is full in the first national Confederate flag at the courthouse on January 19 for the past decade.
The overlap is happily once last 17 years.
Commissioners in Lee County, North Carolina that is not Florida, named after the Confederate General decided without discussion on Monday to allow the flag to fly.
So let the flag fly.
Maybe he's a flying mattress.
The flag has got three red and white stripes in a blue square with 11 stars and is not the San Andrews cross flag most associated with the wartime stuff.
Not even the same flag.
Right.
Black civic church and NAACP leaders have said the Robert E. Lee society has every right to celebrate its heroes.
And one leader said it's not even a controversy in Sanford.
Well, thank God for that.
Okay.
So I've been writing the article.
What's the point?
Yeah, they're trying to stir the pot again.
Stir the pot.
That one with the X, the stars and bars is the Confederate battle flag.
I see.
That the flag of the Confederacy.
Then there's a fight in words, huh?
Let's see Napoleon Solo, the man from Uncle Frank Barone, is a character's name on Raymond. Frank Barone.
Got it.
San Noah's Frank.
And everybody loves Raymond. Frank Barone.
Now this one Paul says his choice is Buffy.
Okay.
Okay.
No, nothing wrong with Buffy.
How about Muffy?
Incidentally, if Dean is comparable to George Montgomery, then who do you think will play the parts of Nixon Agnew and Ford?
People forget what happened to Agnew.
You mean resigning in disgrace? And then of course he died.
But I'm betting on Cheney to be forced out after he gets indicted.
Imagine the scramble for the VP to resign in time to swear another in time to succeed Bush when he resigns after Dean wins so that your old Ford's character can pardon them all.
Very good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Marla's line.
How's that pull coming?
A lot of votes.
A lot of votes.
We could have thousands on here.
What's your all time favorite TV character?
Homer Simpson 39, Al Bundy 35, Archie Bunker 35, Kramer 19, Basil Faulty 16, Hawkeye Pierce 15, Cartman 14, Tony soprano 13, Lucie Ricoto 10, 7 for Bobby Baby Stewie, and Bobbobui.
Ed Norton's got 7, Detective Arthur Dietrich's got 6, James Rockford's 6, from the Rockford Files.
You think he'd add a thousand man there so I don't know that's pretty weak show.
Columbus 6.
For example right there if I had a two's between Columbus and Rockford Files.
No two.
You said you never watched the Rockford Files.
I mean I watched it once or two.
He got beat up a lot and they had been like these things.
I didn't like the show.
I like Columbus.
Columbus was fun.
Yeah that too.
Who do you like better? Peter Falk or James what's his name?
James Gardner.
How about Earl Stanley Gardner?
Who?
Perimation Earl Stanley Gardner.
Columbus 6 Captain Kirk 5 Red Forman 4 George Forman and Red Fox.
Larry David Thor, Sergeant Schultz 4 Barney 5 4.
Reverend Jim Agnitowski 3 Perimation 3 Doctor Heath Fifth Huxstable 3.
Herman Munster 3, Jethro Bodine 3, Fred Sanford 3.
Mr. Spock's got a pair and boy are they big.
Beaver Cleaver 2, Louis DiPomma 1, or Big Inner Green.
Fonzzi 1, GRU 1, Frank Cannon 1, Uncle, I told you I voted for Frank Cannon because
nobody else would.
Come on somebody else please vote for Frank Cannon.
He's dead.
William Conrad, he was great.
Uncle Arthur 1, Otis the a town drunk 1, Edith Bunker 1, one for Asker Madison, none for
Alexis Carrington, Napoleon Solo, even though we've had 4,000 facts about the man from
Uncle and a nun for Sonny Crocodile 284.
You got Buffy on here now?
Yes.
Good.
Ergh, argh.
Al Franken, signs with Liberal Radio.
You've cited about that?
Yeah, okay, what is it?
Says they haven't got a name or a launch date yet.
But the entrepreneurs who dream of launching a Liberal Radio network have just landed themselves
a lead man, comedian bestselling author Al Franken, who's much better in print by the way.
He is.
I know, while he's got time to think.
Progress Media is planned to announce, uh, oh, left, I see.
Why are they putting that on today's website?
I don't get it.
Well, they announced yesterday that they reached an agreement with Franken, host a live 3 hour
daily broadcast that would form the anchor of the programming schedule according to people
familiar with the matter.
In an interview, Franken said the format of the show was still evolving.
But he said it was certain that it would not be a kind of that used by his rival, Rush Limbaugh,
which Franken described as non-guested confrontation.
He has nobody on the show, but it's confrontation, Franken said.
His show is just him railing for three hours.
Well, that's what his audience wants to hear, Al.
I hate to break the news to you.
Well, there are a few set of calls in there, aren't there?
Yeah.
From inside the building.
Franken said he planned to use a mix of interviews, calls from listeners and scripted comedy.
He said he planned to have a co-host with long experience in radio, but he said that rule hadn't been finalized yet.
Franken had long been rubbed to be interested in deal with Progress Media, the startup company that's assembling radio stations in town for a radio network to challenge conservative talk show powerhouses like Rush.
But Franken had been holding off in recent months, partly if wrote his hot selling book Lies and the Lying Liars who tell him, and partly because he had reservations about the previous owners of the venture.
Things got more serious in terms of putting the other stations and money to make this possible with a change in ownership, he said.
Last November, the company was bought by an investment group led by Mark Walsh, former AOL executive, and advised that the Democratic National Committee from the venture capitalist Sheldon needed drop knee.
And it goes on about he did this and this one did that in Yadayani, the network even has to decide yet on a name.
Last month, the company indicated with color radio network central air, which sounds like something for your house, you know, when the AC goes on, central air they'll fix it for you.
But Walsh said yesterday the company's longer certainly be using that name.
Putting Franken in the midday time slot of noon to 3 p.m. he's doing is a direct challenge to Limbaugh, who is hugely successful, sure occupies the same slot.
Franken, whose earlier book was called Rush Limbaugh's Big Fat Idiot City Plants to call up his nemesis for advice on his own show, since Limbaugh's often said he wonders why new radio hosts don't seek out his counsel.
I'll ask him advice, how he approaches the show, how he frames an issue, how he gets his drugs.
If it doesn't happen, it'll be very understandably because he won't take my call, Franken said. Yadayani, he's going to be on noon to 3 somewhere.
Oh boy, that's two hours against dusk, can we handle that? No.
No.
Like Miss Fudds said, we're done.
But keep the text coming, thank you, it's all we care about.
Like I, in fact, even Joe Rose said to me this morning, you know what you're right, take the money to the bank.
See, some of these people are right here are slow learners, I told that to Moe yesterday, I'm tired, I told that to all of these guys.
Mad Dog learned real fast.
Oh right.
Take the money to the bank and they all thank me for instructing him.
It's all in solid.
All the rest of it is just window dressing.
WQAM.
Any?
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I have one for the fall.
Okay.
No one from Cheers.
Okay, you got it man.
Hold on.
Is he got the last name?
Well, just put normal cheers in there.
One more thing.
Yes.
You know how it means wife is Jewish, right?
How are deans wife is Jewish?
Yeah.
That's correct.
Okay.
And Wesley Clark's father is Jewish.
Oh that's true.
The whole world is Jewish.
Yeah, it's the Pope's Jewish.
The Pope is Jewish.
Mahatma Gandhi is Jewish.
Jesus Christ was Jewish.
Al Hibbler was Jewish, right?
Fancy.
Al Jolson was Jewish.
England's Thong.
England Bergman was Jewish.
Humphrey Bogart, Frank Sinatra, Ron Popeel.
5667 Mickey Mouse, 56670560 Walt Disney,
pound 560 Charles Lindbergh, on the AT&T of Rise of Wireless Line, Adolf Hitler.
See, leave it to George to screw it all up.
You just, you cannot, although the rumors are though, that he didn't have like a grandparent or something.
Yes, I'm the only one who did it.
He was self-hating.
Adolf Schickle-Groober was his real name.
Yes it was.
Then when he got his own radio show, he became Adolf Hitler and then he Russian heard of the show.
WQAN.
QAN.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
For the poll, all-time greatest TV character.
Yes.
Alph.
Alph is excellent.
He's been making a bit of a comeback lately on the commercials.
What's not to like?
Exactly.
Thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
Alph.
If you don't like him, just step on him.
It's kind of like Maddie Bell.
The step on his little ass.
560.
560.
560 on the 18T on Boyz.
It's really a shock to me to see what Mary Life has done to McGill.
Wow.
Boy, he looks bad.
He's aging badly.
Just wait till that baby shows up.
Oh man.
Just wait till she pops.
Woo!
Just wait till he's a pops.
He is becoming real ugly, real fast.
I think since Doreen got blown out.
What?
He started age real fast since we lost Doreen.
Since he lost his other, uh, maybe she's taking the wrinkles out of him.
His other arm.
His other appendage.
Poor Doreen.
Won't see her no more.
560.
560.
560.
Pound 560 on the 18T line.
We got that big one or two hour coming up.
We got the mad dog or two.
The Humper is at Crystal Palace today.
What a lucky stiff he is, man.
Plunge in his guts out.
Probably eating the pastorm.
And I didn't get out.
You don't let me forget Friday.
I want to see his ass on Friday.
The rest of it, Mike, I can wait till next week.
My life and love.
This is 420560.
He's way too late.
Avant to two hour.
Hi, baby.
A girl that I was going with.
Down in New Orleans, walk beside my side.
Uh, was who he was with him.
But he was there for me that night.
But then her first wife.
And I decided to pursue the guy.
And I was seven hours.
He pulled the gun and stood down.
It got shot in the lake.
It got shot in the lake.
It got shot in the lake.
It got shot in the lake.
Oh, it's pretty like he's holding a ball.
He...
I really hurt now.
I was bleeding out over to the land.
The heat, the bomb and shot me down.
Was gotten beaten up by low-long.
You're a big Italian.
The girl, you were so late now.
But just a thing in the abona.
I can't convince him now.
A stationation for my eyes.
I got shot in the lake.
I got shot in the lake.
I was shot in the lake.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I was going to hit you in the bottom.
Ed.
101 at 560 WQM.
This article here on CNN.com is where maybe we want to give up.
Americans like Bush's qualities, Paul says.
They like a liar.
They like a bozo.
They like somebody who goes,
and wants it to where the cheeseburgers are.
Yet Democrats said to have made domestic issues.
In other words, the issues, not on the terrorism, no.
On the world events, they want to...
They like him.
They like the cowboy.
They like the gunslinger.
We're going to go and smoke them out of their holes, baby.
Out of those spider holes.
In fact, how about Spider-Man?
Okay.
Two-thirds of Americans think President Bush has the right personal qualities for the presidency.
Yet nearly half of them think that Democratic Party would do a better job on major domestic issues.
According to another poll, we got polls up the ass, man.
God.
A CNN USA Today Gallup poll released yesterday.
They interviewed 1000 plus Americans last weekend on Bush, and national issues ranging from
environments to security.
The poll indicated that Bush's favorable standing with most Americans on his personal qualities
is the main reason for his job of appropriating a 59% of the most recent poll, and similar
high marks and other polls.
Everybody loves a liar.
The poll also showed that 55% of those individuals agree with Bush on issues that matter to them.
Oh my God.
Is that the book?
Holy crap.
Who sent that?
Bring that in here right away.
Even Freaky Carlos gets high marks for rushing that right in.
Somebody actually brought me a copy to book.
I would have paid him for it.
Oh, it's hard.
And the book too.
That's what Carlos said.
He said he was squeezing it because it was hard.
Who's this from?
There must be a note inside.
It's from Green Vanday.
Thank you, Green Vanday.
You're the best, man.
He is the best.
He's great.
Who's Green Vanday?
He's got a Green Vanday.
No, it's why.
Why?
Because they painted it green.
Do you know who this is?
Yeah, he stopped by and brought us things before.
He's great.
Yes.
Here's the book, a brand new my own personal copy.
In fact, this hour instead of with a stupid poll, I could read some excerpts from this real quick.
Because you know me.
This vivid unfolding narrative is like no other book that's been written about the Bush presidency or any that's likely to be written soon.
And its core are the candid assessments of former US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill for two years of administration's top economic official, a principal of the National Security Council and a tutor to the new president.
He's the only member of Bush's intermoverserve and the degree to speak frankly about what's really been happening outside the White House.
O'Neill's account is supported by Suskines interviews with many participants in the administration by transcripts of meetings, by voluminous documents that cover most areas of domestic and foreign policy.
The result is a disclosure of breath and depth on parallel for an ongoing presidency.
As readers are taken to the very epicenter of government, this newsmaking volume offers a definitive view of the characters and conduct of Bush and if closest advisors, they manage crucial domestic policies and global strategies at a time of life and death crises.
Ron Suskines was the Wall Street Journal senior national affairs reporter from 93 to 2000.
When the Pulitzer Prize for Feature writing while working there, he's recently attracted national attention with his groundbreaking articles about the Bush White House.
He writes for Esquire, New York Times Magazine, other national publications. Appears frequently as corresponded on PBS Network News.
He's authored the best showing and critically acclaimed a hope in the unseen and in a distinguished visiting scholar at Dartmouth College, listen DC with his wife and two sons.
How do you like that? Thanks again Green No Van Dave.
Was it Dave Van Boring the brother?
They Van Green.
I'll be damned.
Oh and look at that. Look what they do now.
Oh look at that.
What do they do?
Oh yeah, the Frellis.
They don't do that in Toronto.
The Electro do Hickey.
They stick the little UPC thing.
They bury it.
They bury it in the middle of the books so we can't scrape it off.
They don't trust anybody.
Where did this come from?
I don't want to say.
Walden Books.
Really?
In a Walden Books bag so I can only preserve it.
Oh thanks a lot again Green No Van Green Dave.
Van Boring.
What a guy.
How much did this cost?
I would like to have paid him like 26 bucks plus tax.
How many how much the cost?
About 30 man.
Holy crap and he brought it into me without the no questions that.
39 bucks in Canada.
Boy.
And the Canadian dollars worth almost 80 cents now.
God damn it.
Damn you bush.
Man.
Almost a buck 28 on the euro.
What used to be like about a year and a half ago 92 cents.
A euro and a half ago?
Yeah.
A euro and a half ago used to be 92 cents.
Now it's 128.
Two years ago today Canadian dollar 62 cents.
Today almost 80.
Dollar is dropping like a...
...unabamba.
Unabamba grande.
Okay but let's get back to our pool.
I'll peruse this as we go on but now I got my hands on it.
It saves me a trip to a borders.
And during that extra 20 minutes or so I just spend over there.
That's more reading time.
In fact I'll read it on a way home.
Sure.
Everybody else reads.
You got queasy to go right?
In fact now that we got all these new do-hikis you know.
You got your little TVs and your your palm pilots and your phone that takes the picture.
You got all the stuff.
Oh yeah.
Who the hell needs to be paying attention to the road?
Can't be bothered by traffic.
Everybody used to joke about the thing about having a TV in your car.
You know well hey why not?
Now they got the laptops.
Right.
They convert to a auto TV.
Mm-hmm.
Well why not?
Why not?
It's auto erotic.
5607.0560.00560 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
You're all time favorite TV character.
WQA, hello.
WQA, hello.
Hey, gentlemen.
Yes sir.
My favorite TV character was TJ Hooker.
He helped me to Cuberty.
Okay.
All right.
You got him, man.
Yeah.
See ya.
TJ Hooker got it.
Got it.
He said now any other Hooker will do.
Laka from Taxi.
Oh no, no, don't put it down.
It's a list.
You must have messed out.
I will not deal with anybody that sends me a list.
I'm not only on this pool.
Any pool.
We're just going to smit-can it.
It's just stupid.
Because anybody can do that.
Oh here's a list of my favorite 50.
Here's a list of 10.
Who was your all-time favorite TV character?
I know it's not easy.
Because there have been many many millions.
But you got to choose one.
That's what makes it interesting.
Otherwise it was a favorite.
Right.
Favorite.
Not one of your favorites.
Who is it?
It's like saying, what's your favorite favorite ice cream?
Well, you know, I like chocolate, but then I like butter rum and butter pecan.
I like fish food.
You know, they're like Hershey bars.
Right.
Yeah, well, I mean, get with it.
Man, it's a sad day.
The SH word keeps coming to mind.
They stupid words.
One of the Americans is going to learn to speak English.
In Dave County.
In any county.
Never.
Nuka SL Papel in whatever it is.
Is that in there?
Oh, yeah, it's in there.
SP dash.
That's what?
Nuka?
No.
Oh, yeah, here it is.
I knew it was still in there.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
In La Toi.
In La Wanda.
Tualed.
Tualed.
Oh, man.
Let me hear that again.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
Nuka HSL Papel in La Toi.
A gabona?
Do I have a Luego in every corner?
Yeah, I will.
But I don't got anything.
I don't get anything.
I said I got hurt.
I'm sorry.
No.
You see we are fucking.
He's
Basta del frutador.
Sara la volta querÃ­a.
Basta de mamar.
Basta de que se peuta.
Basta del frutador.
Basta del frutador.
Basta del frutador.
It wasn't a guy.
And I'm talking about an ugly monkey face guy. There was no there was no woman Celia Cruz
Maybe Charlie Cruz, you know or maybe C Cruz was Frankie Ford by
Favorite things you'd whip it out and say see this. Let's go on a C Cruz
Maybe the Westland and highly a check out the glory holes
Ten minutes after one at five sixty double his good thing
We're laughing and yucking it up today because it's already the end of the show on Wednesday almost wait till Friday at this time
Or whatever this time. Oh, so we don't get a bonus. Yeah big deal big snake and deal something before and miss Fudge
You're good when to talk about ratings miss Fudge, okay? You Fudge pack an asshole. You know never twice in a row
What have we failed to make the bonus never once in a row well?
That's a couple of summers are right that was you don't say we need yeah and on i would and not only that but look at how well
We did this summer great in the sunshine state so on your bull crap miss Fudge and all you weather right wing sick
I'm oh gee. He's losing it. Yeah, lose this
Lose all the crap cut the baloney, okay, and lose the encoder blow up dial to while you're at it
Faggot
Hey, if you're in a really dead end job if you're underpaid
New Year's resolutions are gonna make it happen. You got to do something
You got to put your plan in action pick up and stay out of radio trust me when I tell you I don't care what that dick says
Pick up the protocol fast train toll-free at 866 fast train classes started in January so they're going on right now
If you're committed and dedicated fast-ranking up you want to be coming a certified
Computer professional in just four count them four short months. That's right. Get you a new high-panker
We're in just four short months the demand a inspired that I fear
Y'all I'm trying to think of like in the Dutch
Adin Dva 3 no it's Russian
In
Tweet in Tweetree
The demand for certified computer professionals is an all-time high fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes job placement assistance
Financial aid for people who qualify to so if you're tired of working your ass off and not making any money
If you're tired of reaching into your pocket and find nothing nearby but a bunch of navelin call fast train toll-free at 1 866
Fast train check them out on the web at fast train.com
Whatever you do don't miss the train about opportunity this year hop on it and get yourself a real life and a big fat paycheck
Call 1 866 fast train and be sure until the Todd Dreck told you to call
You
Oréžå¸¸çš„
Okay, could afford a better play.
This J.A.K.H.A.C.D.
for time finally would have known
a fiber of the cheap and crappy playing that flows.
A burning death my head's about the only way I could go.
Now head the only one that left the life today
from what they call the Kennedy curse.
If Dorothy Hill Galley wasn't alive, she'd say
you're up it's only gonna get worse.
It's up to the sound of Gun Gun Falling Day.
Butter's Flatter, Butter's Flatter!
For the day it's up to the sound of Gun Gun Falling Day.
Butter's Flatter, Butter's Flatter!
Once 15 at 5.60 we got some bad news for audio bushes out there.
For audio right wing assholes for audio bush huggers.
Test show no agent in Iraq mortar shells.
How do you like that?
So secret agent then?
Test by Danish and American experts indicate there is no chemical war for agents
in mortar shells on earth last week.
This part of this is chopped off in southern Iraq.
But more testing is needed to confirm the findings
the military reported today.
Maybe they can stick some in there.
The preliminary findings cast out with these suspicious shells
will become the smoking gun proving that Iraq still maintains
supplies of bad chemical weapons when the US and its allies launched
the World War last March.
The US-led Iraq survey group conducted tests on five shells.
None of them count zero.
Zero?
The big O!
None of them showed traces even of chemical agents
that Danish Army said the statement released in beautiful Copenhagen.
Based on the test the experts conclude that none of the shells
contained chemical war for agents.
And in that more tests are needed for final confirmation
but don't hold your breath.
It is believed the shells discovered last week by Danish truth star
from the 1988 Iran Iraq war.
And right off the bat there were a hawk in here.
All of them are smothered gas and yadi yadi yadi and see.
Here's where we found something.
Well guess what?
The answer is no.
No we didn't.
So there's another black mark as they continue line.
Arnold the pig.
It says please add Arnold the pig from green acres.
He was a far better actor than any of the others.
Good point excellent job.
Let's see.
Mork from Ork.
He was a dork.
Ralph Cramden.
How can we leave out Ralph Cramden?
We got Ed Norton on there.
How can we leave out Ralph Cramden right?
Right.
Can you imagine all the great people that have been on the characters
and they've left amounts so far?
Ziggians.
We could do this pull for a week.
Stop third man.
Right.
We won't though.
Who is your all time favorite TV character Homer Simpson 49
like the old homo Al Bundy 48 Archie bunker 46?
Kramer 23 Hawkeye Pierce 21 Eric Cartman 20.
Basil Falty's got about 20.
Tony soprano 16.
Lucy Ricardo.
Lucy.
She's got 12.
James Rockford 10.
Baby Stewie 9.
Ed Norton 7.
Colombo 7.
Detective Arthur Dietrichsuk.
How about...
What was his name?
He didn't have a name.
Did he was just number six?
Patrick McGoen.
Oh he had a name.
That's just what they called him there but I forget.
He was a secret agent man.
Oh.
Did he have a name?
He did.
I'll have to look it up.
I'll be damned.
I'll have the information in another.
Look up the prisoner.
Have the information by midnight.
Okay, where did I leave off?
Well, we don't need to read all the rest of their single digits.
Larry David's got six.
Whole bunch with seven.
Fred Sanford, Captain Kirk, Ed Norton.
Reverend Jim Ignatowski.
I'm not going to go there too many of them.
Prerimations got the four.
How about O'Lire and size?
Are you people discriminating against people in wheelchairs?
Yes.
Okay.
Against hard work in the detectives, private dicks and wheelchairs.
How about Neuro Wolf?
Do you have any Neuro Wolf?
No.
No.
Oh.
He liked those big, what were the flower orchids?
He was an orchid man.
Yeah.
Not pansy's orchids, right?
It was good, buddy.
It was hard work.
Archi, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound five.
They tried to make a TV show out of that.
And boy, it was bad.
God, was it bad or what?
Whoa.
Neuro Wolf.
Just in the translate on TV.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Little final point from Paul Keshe, New Towns this morning.
Guy called in and said he cleans the porta booths like the peep shows.
And he goes, oh, God, you got to clean him about the Neuro Rogers.
Yeah.
Oh, it's weak.
And for the pole you're taking, I thought Bill, come on.
Anybody that acts that way means gotta be a good actor.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
Obviously, a fag in the other right there.
A pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Of course, he was listening to Paul.
He was that tiny.
Maybe that's why we didn't do so well in November, trend, me and Paulie.
Because the fags didn't get the diaries.
CBC, Titans, Rules on Stock Ownership.
Business News Network, CNBC.
What do I say, CBC?
Shame on me.
CNBC is enacting tough rules on employees, personal investments.
A move to journalism experts say could spur a trend at other media outlets,
hoping to avoid conflicts of interest among reporters.
Well, it's about goddamn time.
Now that we all lost our money based on your lies and bull crap.
I can't believe that Ted David keeps calling the show.
You know what?
Why?
Loves you.
He loves me, but you know, he doesn't understand that it's not a joke.
It's for real.
Is real.
Yeah, he doesn't care.
That's right, because he said he knew I have one diamond equities.
He's got all his money in whatever he said.
Bog features.
No, not seriously.
He didn't have any money in equities.
So they're on there peddling and hawking and putting all these people on there,
putting over this fraud.
They're the enablers.
They're the people who have enabled all of these people.
It's like a dot com thing.
They were loving that on the gambling channel.
Because their ratings were going through the roof.
It was like a hobby.
Making money.
Big hobby every day.
Oh, yeah.
Like all those ads that Ameritrade thing.
Oh, you're the one they had Clinton on there, remember?
Sure.
You know, you're doing the way to the future, mister.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
All this other crap.
Yeah, let's buy a 30 shares.
How many you want to buy?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
That was all crap.
Most of those dot coms are out of business.
They're long gone.
Just like your money.
Here comes the bunny.
There goes your money.
But you do whatever you want.
Okay, it's your money.
Watch it disappear.
I know why she did.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, I like talking to Neil.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Oh, hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
Hey, I just wanted to make a comment about favorite.
Like you said, the character from TV you're talking about?
Yes, sir.
I was going to say $60 million.
What was his name?
I was like Steve Austin or something.
I don't remember.
But nobody will know that.
Oh, okay.
We'll put the $60 million.
$60 million.
I just wanted to make a mention of something to you too,
that I didn't know if you were aware or not.
The judge was on the other day.
And I'm not a big fan of his.
I have to be filling in for someone else.
Uh-huh.
And he was just down, down talking to you and your show.
Oh, I know all about that.
Who the hell cares what he has to say?
No, I mean, I don't.
That's the whole point.
I was listening to it just in his sound rise.
But the point is that I just even saying, oh, clear channel did do this.
And that just was basically.
And I said, you know, this is the only show I like listening to.
I every frankly, whenever you have the radio show program comes on including Russell and
I run the other direction.
The only reason he's on the ear on cheap channels because he's a right-wing self-hating
faggot that's the only reason he's on there.
Absolutely, man.
I moved out here from California and I forgot.
I can't believe the people that call him on the radio.
Yeah.
I can't imagine that these are the exact same people that live in houses next door to mine and down the road.
Because you just imagine what goes on in their heads.
Look here what they say.
Just forget about inside their house.
Just look at what's going on in the road, man.
I should tell you everything you need to know.
Absolutely.
But dude, like I said, you keep me when I'm working during the day.
I'm glad you're on there.
All right.
See you at the border, man.
They take it easy.
Bye.
Yeah, Miss Fudge said this and Miss Fudge said that all of them lies by the way.
All of it lies.
So there's a guy that really worries about his credibility.
Not.
But what does he have to worry about?
He's got a rich and melonscape money behind him.
He's a bangin' you know that the encoder blow up doll.
He's got Bob Quinster whispering things into her ear.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
This we're building a gigantic a magnificent list, ain't we?
Sure.
I mean, let's go.
Like I said, it could be a lot bigger.
WQAM.
George.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your photo.
Okay, lay it on us.
A friend, G. Sander.
He's on there, man.
Are you?
Got another one.
Dr. Jander.
Too late.
Not another one.
You get one and a board goes back.
Too late.
George Jefferson.
Now that's what he might have been going to say, said George, right?
No.
George Jefferson, I just yanked off the effects machine right now.
I just yanked it off.
Clean it up, Paul.
John Drake, the prisoner.
There you go.
So you don't even have to look it up now.
They won't know who that is.
No.
The prisoner is good enough.
They all know who that is.
Right?
We got parentheses.
You can put anything in between them.
John Drake, parentheses.
The prisoner.
In parentheses.
Number six.
Who's number six?
Who's number two?
Right.
Speak at number two.
See ya.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, these.
And I can never figure out.
Number one, number two, or number three, when I was a kid.
That's why I'm with a little bit.
You know, I got to that fork in the road.
I figured out one and two, but number three always confused me a little bit.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, these, pound, five, six, these, only, eight.
And you know something.
You're sidetracking me with all this crap.
I got the book.
The price of loyalty by Ron Susskind.
With the picture of him and Paul O'Neal on the front jacket.
Oh no, sorry, it's not a picture of him.
It's a picture of George W. Boy.
Excuse me, Ron, I apologize.
A picture of W.
And Paul O'Neal.
On your list.
Maybe Howard and you and Jeff rumor.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
PR Ralph says which, by the way, Topo G. Joe was not a character.
He was a guest.
An act on the Ed Sullivan show.
Just like senior went, went, went, went, went, she said, hey, yeah.
It says maybe you a Howard and Jeff rumor and a canal get together for dinner and golf.
No.
No, I'll leave it up to them.
We'll let them fight over picking up the check.
Or can you imagine the long stare down on that deal?
Just, just stare into each other.
No, you pick it up.
No, when you, you go ahead.
You go ahead.
No.
How about you?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
A meal from which nobody would ever leave.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Talk about the last supper.
Should I just read like a thing?
Should I just open it?
Read.
And I can't do that.
It won't make any sense.
I don't want to do that again.
Like I sucked into that Al Franken book that day.
That guy, I hope that guy had like a hang me or something like a bad hemorrhoid.
That chapter.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I picked out a couple of my own that I had read up front.
Oh no, you got to read the one about whatever the hell it was.
Who was it?
Oh, hand it, yeah, sure.
See, these people that are obsessed with God damn fox.
We don't watch Fox on this show.
Okay, Fox can drop dead.
Then with Rupert Murdock together.
So all these people, let's childish.
That's why nobody wants to listen to that so-called old-fashioned talk radio.
Because it's like a bunch of overwrote children is what it is.
Oh, it's the right against the left and the left against the right.
And you're all right, not my wrong.
And it's Sean Handady said this.
And Bill O'Riley said that.
And you know, and I had the craft.
Man, oh man, it's for old people who want to play in a sandbox.
And I hope that somebody changes their depends.
Like Edna on passions, at least she's a panic.
Bring her back, baby.
We need a lot more Mrs. Wallace, where that passions is going right in the old crap.
Enough already with Julian and Eve and even Julian and TC and Whitney and Whitney and Chad.
Florida, we had to hang in Chad on passions.
They got the schwarzoo Chad, which by the way, do something about that spaghetti haircut you got.
27 past one.
See, you're smirking, but if you saw it, you said, what is that?
What is that?
So, Puppa?
You know how they had that black squid positive you ever seen that?
Yeah, that's what his hair looks like now.
He went away for a little while.
They brought him back and he got a whole bunch of squid, our nesting on his head.
Like that musk red on mode.
Oh, sorry, Mo.
Oh, speaking of that, what a segue.
Look at that, that's because I was holding the copy.
I was holding it in my hand and squeezing it.
And it was making yelping sounds.
Hey, all you guys out there.
Mo isn't the only one.
If your hair is like a gone, down the tubes, down the toilet, down the drain.
Here's the answer for you.
Chuck Alphierry.
I've been talking about Charles Alphierry for years now.
I would say nearly a long time.
And that's because all of those years he's been helping guys look their best with his natural
hair line system, which he keeps improving.
He's got the best technology going.
And the difference is it looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to the musk red that died on Mo's head.
Or the one that died on the problem.
Look what it's doing aboard Dennis Kocinich.
He can't break a one-shear.
He's great.
He says all the right things.
But if your hair looks like crap and people, they won't listen to what you're saying.
They won't look at the rest of your body.
They just look at that thing on your head and just laugh their ass off.
So if you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Call Chuck Alphierry.
I mentioned you a Roger.
Say that extra 200 bucks.
And you have nothing to lose but your balls.
But which I'll always tell you.
Because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day...
...but 30-day...
...guarantee.
After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and smells and feels.
If you're not getting lots and lots and lots of action or at least once, then Charlie give you your money back.
Here's the toll free number to call to get some great looking hair.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or for more info, check out their website, Charles Alphierry or is it CharlesAlpharry.com.
We're Sports Radio 516.
UAM.
Uh, one of the...
...signy top of the air?
Oh, yes.
Yes, Mo.
Sit down, won't you?
Never.
I called this meeting because I care deeply for you.
And as you probably know, I have a great deal of respect for you as a sports broad.
I've got me with that continuity bump.
What, Gibbs?
All right, hold here.
Here's a check for you.
What's that for?
It's to buy out the remainder of your contract.
I'm afraid we can no longer use you in the morning.
Thank you.
What are you made of?
What are you firing me?
Well, let me put it this way.
You remember that grand piano you had Geldie drop on my head?
Yeah, that was a panic.
Well, that woke me up to the realization that I actually run a radio station.
Now, if you would be so kind to hand in the keys to your Comt Car and remove all your Comt clothes,
my lovely receptionist Carlos here will show you the door.
Well, wait just a minute.
Or else...
Or else what?
Have you taken a good look at Carlos?
Ah, all right.
Oh, Carlos.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Lee show Mo the door.
This here's the door, honey.
No, don't show it to him.
For a mile.
Let's go, Mr. Lee.
Watch the peg.
Watch the peg.
I got no good lady.
That night, I fired a red smoke.
How would you pay me?
Greatest personality.
You have a great deal with it.
Stop making you old with all your candy dinner, dear.
If I hadn't woke and naked the poker,
I would have never been like him in a guy out of my life.
I don't know, but he loved me.
I don't respect me.
And why am I naked?
Hold on my balls in the middle of the street.
Good luck to him, all.
And like I said, let's not overdo it now.
Let's take a nice and slow.
132 at 560 WQM.
I don't know if somebody faxed me this thing.
Home-delivered fresh cookies, a phone call, where are these people looking for a plug?
Is that what it is?
I don't get this.
Artichled in the hero, I guess, about home delivered fresh cookies.
Do we want to plug these people?
No.
No.
Unless they get some.
And then it says, what about Luke Halpern?
Halpern?
Luke Halpern?
Who played Sandy?
You can put Sandy and then in parentheses.
Ripper.
Sandy Ricks.
Well, we don't need his last name.
Oh, it's picking a Rick.
I better not say it because he's been so nice to me and I like him.
He's a good guy.
You know who I saw yesterday on Channel 6,
which I almost never watched their news.
But since I've been home, I'm watching him because I don't want to see the all-round Riggas news.
He was doing a promo for something.
Well, I'll give you a clue and then you see if you know who it is.
Let me give you a hint.
Just a second.
We're going to hell.
Oh, we got all that Rick Riley stuff.
Damn it.
Hey, Rick Riley, get lost.
Oh, Rickshaw.
It's alive.
I am not.
I'm not safe.
Okay, now guess.
Rickshaw?
Yeah.
Well, I wasn't going to waste all of that effort for Christ.
Jesus.
Now, Rick, please.
I don't, I never really paid that much attention to whether he was like Chubby.
I guess he was a little on the Chubby side.
But Rick, you're like, porke it up, baby.
Like all the rest of us.
Don't do it, man.
You're a good guy.
You've been on here for 40 years.
I've been on here for 30, man.
Being just badly.
Everybody, everybody.
That's all we talk about is this one's fat and that one's fat.
And everybody just keeps getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
It's a disease.
It's a grotesque.
I got so much stuff here.
Man, oh man, are we going to have time?
I got the book to read.
I should read the whole book on here.
Okay.
That gets that to about a point zero, zero.
Snippets.
Oh, first we had the bad news about the weapons of mass destruction which turned out to be empty.
The mortar shells.
Well, guess what?
What?
Who's saying more in your rakis to be where outside fighters document says?
Remember all that crap about the ties between Al Qaeda and the Saddam Hussein?
Oh, no.
Don't tell us that the president lied to us.
That's one of those personal qualities that Americans admire about him.
Is he a chronic liar like Greg Reed?
Saddam Hussein warned his rakis in order to be wary of joining forces with foreign Arab fighters
entering Iraq to battle American troops.
According to a document found with the former raki leader when he was captured,
Bush administration officials said yesterday.
The document appears to be a directive written after he lost power from Mr. Hussein
to leaders of the Iraqi resistance, counseling caution against getting through close to Islamics
and hottest and other foreign Arabs coming to occupy the Iraq.
It provides a second piece of evidence challenging the Bush administration's contention of close cooperation between Mr. Hussein's government and terrorists from Al Qaeda.
CIA interrogators have already elicited from top Al Qaeda officials in custody that before the American Leta Vezion
Osal bin Laden had rejected and treated some of his lieutenants to work jointly with Mr. Hussein.
Officials said Mr. Hussein apparently believed that the foreign Arabs eager for a holy war against the West had a different agenda from the Bathist
who were eager for their own return to power and bagged that.
As a result, he wanted his supporters to be careful about becoming close allies with the G-Hotest.
Officials familiar with the document said.
Well, there you go.
Another lie.
Another lie, what?
From day one, have we always mentioned?
That's what we've always told you.
That's what everybody knew if they had a brain and even though it's right there in black and white and pink.
Now this mark, who's one of our really great factions lately, and always has been, but I mean lately has been full of stuff.
Wait to hear this.
This is a very perspicacious one.
I better or cue that thing up again.
I better cue up.
I can't find it.
Anyway, he's got a whole observation on why people don't are interested in network now.
I even met him now.
I don't see a thing that he wants.
He says both you and George mentioned how difficult it is to get people to appreciate the movie Network.
I think Network is great, but it suffers from one problem.
Patti Chiefsky was too prescient.
Too many things that he foresaw then and used for wild satire are commonplace now.
Right.
The satire's completely lost on audiences.
Either too young or too stupid to remember things haven't always been the way they are now.
Excellent point.
Like people who watch the work Sanchez show.
Both of them.
It starts with the very first scene in the movie which shows four TV screens in which each of the network news anchors in the mid seventies,
Howard Casemith ABC, John Chancellor NBC, Walter Cronkite CBS, and Howard BLUBS, who used to say,
dignified, respectable, and dependable.
What happens is BLUBS is made more startling and outrageous from this starting point.
Now of course, it is this viewpoint of the news that's unraveled.
We have Fox News, the history amongers at MSNBCC and etc.
There's no longer any small dignified group of wise men who bring us the news.
Edward Armero, Huntley and Brickley at SIDER are literally unimaginable today.
And as you mentioned yesterday most young people get their news from alternate sources anyway.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
The tabloidization of the news which we take for granted today was another things network presented as satire.
The same thing goes for the reality programming.
That's what Diana Christiansen wanted.
I'll get back to you, Diana.
She would have been perfectly at home with fear factor and 76 however reality programming was pure fiction, thought up by Chiesky.
Even the subteam suffered the same fate.
The danger of a huge non-media conglomerate CCA owning a network and managing the news is today's media consolidation incarnate.
And the Saudis using their own money influence over network, how they own the F and White House, the Fugan White House.
And he says the same fate as befallen another excellent movie written by Chiesky to hospital which was the darkest satire I've ever seen starring George Eastcott.
If you haven't seen him recently check it out, see him anytime.
It is great.
It is great.
It's great as well.
And only for somebody who despises the medical profession as much as I do, who knows that all that they're performing the wrong operation somebody goes in for like a, you know,
his direct me.
His direct me and they chop off a leg.
That's right.
And like that as an example, somebody goes into have a hemorrhoid deced me and they like chop off two arms.
If you haven't seen him recently check it out which we have, but you people should see it.
Host the hospital.
When Scott starts to rant how doctors are tearing into businessmen as opposed to physicians, you can only recall finally how medicine used to be practiced in this country.
Sorry for the rancors, Mark, but I love freaking network and.
Payment matters, hell.
What are those things that you think they're doing, Mark?
Thanks, Mark.
God, these factors are just pouring in and then there's mod.
Somebody actually like mod.
I like to Adrian's Barbos.
Yeah, but you did.
I like to put you like a lot of the sumbers too.
And anyway, we can put mod on there.
I can't believe anybody actually liked that, but she was nasty.
She was hard to take.
She was like the four runner-runner of the like a younger nanny.
You know what I mean?
The nanny.
Boy.
In fact, if you watch the nanny enough, I'm surprised they don't bring it back.
Put it on Fox New, a Fox entertainment.
Because if you watch it enough, you'll start believing that the bush people have a point.
21 till 2 at 560 WQAM.
Want to talk about our good friends Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
Locally owned and operated.
These guys have been treating people right for years and guess what?
That's why they're still around.
Located on US one 20 minutes south of the 836 Armstrong Toyota of Homestead is well worth the drive no matter where you are to save yourself a crap load of cash.
Thousands of dollars on brand new Toyota's.
Check out these great unbeatable lease prices.
Get yourself an 0.04 to come a two-wheel drive regular cab for just 169 bucks a month.
An 0.04 echo only 179 a month.
How about an 0.04 Celica GT?
You pay only 209 a month.
Even George could almost afford that.
With every car purchase Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you'll get free sun pass.
And don't forget they were the first dealer in the area to offer you free tires and batteries for life.
If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead have got a huge assortment of RAV4s, Highlanders,
and 4 runners, Sequoias Land Cruisers 2.
By the way, do you see they're going to be paying like three bucks a gallon for gas here next summer?
Yes.
Oh, God. General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a Toyota.
They experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
The service department has opened weeknight still 8 p.m. to make sure they get all the service work done.
In other words, they'll treat you right.
Conveniently located on US one to one and 93rd street in a homestead, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
So if you're really sick and tired of those mega dealers who overpromise and under deliver,
then call David Rich Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM, call them at 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a hell of a lot on your brand new Toyota.
My name is Love. This is sports radio bicycle.
You way up.
Prittians, dumb as dirt.
Tonight unannable play.
Hello, wait. Today I take a little bob along to show him a wild elephant.
Rocky, there's one now.
Calm down, little fella. Let your my baby how gentle you are.
Take a big fella and lift your foot. Yes, that's it.
Now I'll just place your ball on the wrist.
There you go, bob. I earned tough little dingo.
I should tell you, this is a tap dancing elephant with the appropriate music.
He'll stop tap dancing. Here, watch. One, two, hit it.
It's 16-2 at 5-60 WQ.
You're all time favorite TV character.
Got it.
You think you had it coming?
Stop already. What more do you want?
You want a pound of flesh?
Not from that bitch.
Hank on the Larry Asandre Show.
Hank, somebody from Larry Asandre Show.
Got it? Yeah.
You got Luke Halpin from Flipper?
Sandy?
Yeah, Sandy. You bastard, you man.
Sandy from a flipper. Sandy Ricks.
And Ranger Ricks.
And Bud.
And Bud.
That ugly little brother, Bud. He was always getting in the way.
Always pulling it too.
Train your magic flipper.
Pudster.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
I'm distracted because I just got this book in my head that I wish.
I wish I could quit wasting my time with a show.
I mean, just read the book.
The price of loyalty, it's in your bookstores right now.
George W. Bush, The White House, and the education of Paul O'Neill by Ron Susky.
And Pulitzer Prize winning author, it's great.
And that stuff I read at the beginning about the cheeseburgers.
What does that tell you?
But America likes those qualities. That's why we're all so goddamn fat.
Who the hell do you know don't like a good cheeseburger?
Nobody.
Nobody. Except maybe some orthodox.
W. Q. William. Hello.
See how it goes.
Pretty good, sir.
John Luke Picard.
Hey, you got a month.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the AT&T.
We'll get as many as we can before the end of the show.
And then you hop on it and vote on neo-warrengers.com.
Homer Simpson 57, Archie Bunker 56, Al Bundy 50.
We got a really good three-way battle going there.
I mean, if I have to choose between the three.
I mean, the Simpson's is fine. It's a good show.
You like it?
Yeah, a lot.
It's a very good show.
I don't know what I watch that one.
It's what? It's a cartoon.
I don't know what it is.
I mean, for example, a bullwinkle I like.
If they brought bullwinkle back now, I watch it every day.
I love bullwinkle.
I guess the grandfathered in cartoons, you'll watch.
You won't watch a new cartoon.
What does that mean?
Grandfathered in.
Like cartoons that you like when you were young, you'll watch again.
No, it's got nothing to do with what I was young.
It was just a fabulous show.
It was fabulous.
Yes, indeed.
Right.
And the Simpson's is very good.
It's South Park is sensational.
I'm going to bring that movie to bring me the movie.
I can't find it.
Homer Simpson 57, Archie Bunker 56, Al Bundy 50, Kramer 31.
That's Brad Kramer, a Basil Faulty 26, Hawkeye Pierce 22, Eric Cartman 22, Tony soprano
18, James Rockford 15.
Nobody voted for what's his name?
I'm partridge family.
Can you go to Ducy?
James Rockford 15, Lucy Ricardo 14, Captain Kirk Ford 11, baby Stewie 10, Fred
Sanford 9, 8 for Colombo 7 for Ed Norton and a bunch of other single digits.
Losers lag in behind.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Is Christopher Lewis character from taxi on your pole?
Reverend Jim.
Oh, Reverend Jim, yes he is.
How about Latka?
There you go.
There he is again.
They're both on there, by the way.
Potato Latka.
5670, 5660.
Give us a list of your 6,000 favorite characters from your 40,000 favorite TV shows.
Then tomorrow we'll do your 75,000 favorite movies of all time.
You know, we once did that thing, I know we did it before and I'm tempted to do it again.
Hello.
You know, we can encourage, although sometimes it's a bad mistake.
People to see movies, movies that you would suggest that you think most people haven't seen.
You know, obscure movies like Gone with the Wind.
That would.
See, the problem with that is that what's obscure to them.
What about that network would be okay?
Because it's 28 years old.
See, I'm talking about older movies.
Right.
In fact, if we if we worded it right, it wouldn't make a difference.
No, it might.
No.
No, it's seriously because for the younger people, the punks out there, the whippersnappers who think that, you know,
it's got to have like, like you said before, it's got like an action killer all this world.
Yeah, special effects.
If you don't have special effects in the hell with it, lasers.
Explosion by like pre, pick a year, like pre 85 movies, pre 80.
Okay.
A pre 80 movie that you think most people haven't, you should see.
Regardless of what you think.
If you say that, what's your, that's, that's just stupid.
It doesn't matter what you create.
What they think is not.
It's stupid and stupid like that.
You'll get a list.
It's the old SH factor again, stupid.
Yeah.
But I think that's a possibility.
And I'm not doing it just to kill a pool.
But, but no, seriously, I think that we can, now that you, it didn't use to be the way it is now.
I mean, used to be when everything was on VHS, you go into your video store.
And it was like, you know, a fairly small selection.
Now, not only with the tape, but also now with DVDs, just about any movies have been invented
that more than five people watch.
It's, it's there or if you can't find it in your store, you would Amazon.com, which I can't tell you how much I love.
I love them.
They are the greatest.
They should give me a billion dollars in stock because I would promote them from Natalie at the time.
Free shipping, the stuff is there.
They give you a tracking number.
It's a problem.
It shows up like exactly when they tell you.
They'll pin for another website if the other guy is cheaper.
Right.
What is not to like on Amazon fricken.com.
I love it.
So what I'm starting to say is if you can't find it in your store, you just go on there and say wait a couple of days.
And but I'm being there.
It is.
Different books too.
Even if you see it in cities, evil books like that one.
That is correct.
Just like that book about the cat with church.
I can find in my books there.
I got it.
Amazon.com.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing?
I wanted to tell you a vote.
Go ahead.
It's gotta be R2 bunker.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Charlie.
R2 bunker's got 56 votes.
We should put him on the list.
Oh yeah, let's put R2.
No, he just tuned in probably.
Don't be so hostile with these goddamn mothers.
We can't afford to lose no more listeners.
But like I always said, if you don't like to show, see ya.
No, I just refuse to do that.
This business is sucking up to people.
Just like that right when you smuck before that's trying to...
I mean, the whole thing is phony anyway.
Phony is an $85 bill.
And while, you know, if you don't need to do the show this way,
I'd listen to, well, what do I care about one smuck with a facts machine?
What do I give a crap if you listen more now?
We got plenty of other fish in the sea out there who enjoy the show.
But we don't have any complaints.
Who don't?
If they wanted to hear Rush Limbo Jr., they'd turn on frickin' Rush Limbo.
Senior.
Exactly.
They check out Limbo Rock Jr. and Limbo Rock Sr.
And they could listen to a...
Yeah, they could listen to the...
And then they could also listen to Bill O'Ronneck, because nobody else does.
Yes, does, but who?
Do you know his radio ratings as bad as they are here,
which they're in minus infinity?
In New York, you don't do nothing either.
Is there nothing?
Good.
Yeah.
There's hope.
So the only reason he has any audience is because of the Fox News thing,
the sick offense, the right wing assholes, whose entire lives are so much...
They're the same as the people who watch the 700 Club.
It's the same thing.
Mm-hmm.
Without as much Lord God in Jesus.
Oh, he slips it in.
And without as much sneering and drooling.
Nine minutes till two at 560, QAM,
the mad dog attuned a Humper from the Crystal Palace in a Bahamas at four.
Live in local, near-sports, radio 560, QAM, QAM.
Ah.
And he's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one
Now they have only one living in a well
Don't worry about us, we gotta that we're all comfy and safe
You gotta be one with time and so long we gotta waste those walkings
You said 9 or 11 is what they got you to do here
Can't get any cover but a home party comes to be
You believe what they say like the call
See like I said like the 700 Club praise bush like Jesus the same same crowd
155 at 560 WQM here's the fact says you ever find out the name of the diner just north of Oakland Park Boulevard Andrews Avenue
If you didn't I think you were thinking of Calves but it wasn't a diner
It says Calves had a great bakery inside it's now called Joe's remember the golf gas station in the corner of Oak Park Boulevard Andrew
Oh yeah, not really we don't have no golf no more doing
Not that I've seen and we don't have no sonoko no more do we?
Not that I've seen lately no sonoka you stay with all the different like six different grades
30 or five bucks a gallon oh that's a dinosaur won't see that no more
Anyway here's the fact it says finally I've gotten DSL service we're in rust in Florida where's rust?
Oh lucky them I wish I could where is it up yonder it says now I can listen to your show there is a God it says meaning
No God I did in my home recording studio such as it is is an anti bush Iraq song reminiscent of Homer and Jethro style
My friends love it urge me to send it to you for your review if you like it air it okay
Thank you very much Robert please set a whip it along and the take two
We got to do all we can't with this nation of this bush disease sign Robert that said when so I'm president of his own company
And rust in Florida thanks Robert and I'm glad you got your DSL in George wishes he could get his working
I got my road runner get the bill for it my works good somebody reminds me we didn't put Rosanna Dan on there in their
Pistol of about and we should be to it's eras bad I resubmit to it eras bad he's a screwed up hey listen
He's under a lot of pressure up there okay
He's busy trying to eat six meals before three o'clock to maintain that grudge
I'd have been this computer somebody's worried I could have been our computer it's a piece of crap
But Bob remote and George Corso refused to weigh the new fix it and muffus a fix it
They want the computer they could throw this off the window yeah, which I wish they would right
We got one on the floor here, but they're refusing to like swap them out
That's all we need something to spend like 20 30 minutes come in here hook up the other one take that piece of crap
Send it to the swap shop give it to some homeless asshole on the street corner and just get a set of the liquid vote on the plaque a real operating studio here
What do you say Corso? No you schmuck you put you from the Bob remote school of hostility
In other words, whatever we need the answer is no that's right, and I'm not gonna get said about it because I'm out here most of the time
Since you're proud right
Well, see somebody has said a thing that Dennis could say this well. That's good. He's good. I don't care what you say
You're not sold on him yet. You better get sold on him pretty soon. Okay, because he's great. He's the one hope
He got a president Dean will give him a job of what?
Secretary of truth sure
Oh, what I do with that book about the oh geez
I thought I lost the book. I thought it just vanished. I thought maybe the book police came in and granted
No, I put it down there with my interest diabetic and my little bad my sack to take it home
They have this I put it with my sack in fact, but lonely his sack to take care of around with me did he empty it first in case
No, so you do it WQ a.m. Hello
Leolo mighty. Yes, sir. You you left the bed. You there's a little absence of color on your board
You left the best chick off man JJ ever some good time. I'm right JJ. You gotta have
Now he's better. All right. I love you Neil. See you. How many grits gave him the shmets is what I heard JJ
Got it JJ Walker got it. I ride
He's annoying is what he I mean he used to be funny a little bit
He's annoying even what's your name from what was your name? Esther roll Florida. She said she's dead
It's Evans by the way what their last name on the show. I don't care
5 6705 60 pound 560 on a 18 and T in Verizon. Oh, who is the other Evans the other kid?
Dale
Dale Evans and the Royal Rogers how about them? How about happy? How about happy on Cancelsie? How about what's his name? How do you do?
How these do they he's a character? You ever smell how these do these little wooden factor
That's why Bob Smith finally we've heard he got tired to clean up how these do they?
WQ I am
Well, yes, sir. Yes, can I get about in go right ahead?
Okay, number six we got it
John what
George what's your guys? Johnny Walker no John something on the prison. We got it on the list there
I can't let me look on the list. What does that mean? We got 40,000 names on list
I'm sure Eric came to have you down towards the bottom. We got Jean Luc Picard. We got Sandy Ricks from flipper. We got
Who is it?
The prisoner he's not on here
You know you're giving me a song of dance about all these ones that you sent to Eric
Yamal and I put the here it is John Drake the prisoner. He's got a pair already
Patrick McGill in a great great series a little bit too intellectual for most Americans because the SH word stands in the way
Standing for stupid
Listen speaking of stupid. Let's get back to some more that Danny and Davie and Dolphin talk
We got the mad dog coming along next to eight. He ain't stupid man. He is he is so sharp
He took it out of my playbook man stole the old song from my playbook. He works four days a year gets paid for about
30 months and he's kicking some serious ass the mad dog from the Bahamas coming along at four
