Friday, you first, dude.
This holiday season, the spirit of peace on earth, and good world's wardsmen, is alive.
The side by channel proudly presents, a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack house rat.
Live from a burnt out dilapidated storefront in the alley behind Frilinheisen Avenue in Newark, New Jersey.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack house rat.
With special guests, Yasmeen Bliece, Life Garrett, Nick Nulti, and Mary and Barry.
It was the night before Christmas, I be parked in my car, snowing some coke and drinking gin from a yacht.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas, with a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercovered Archite exhibition, and Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown.
Bits!
Crack this cheese.
Brought to you without commercial unorruption by Jamal and Kehme, who supplied the Macarter Highway Hood.
Crack this rat.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
What?
What?
What?
Why are we disturbed or what?
Anyway, it's 10.53.05.60 WDQ.
I'm happy holidays from all your good friends and from us too, at QAM.
What?
I think since it's the holidays and we're out of ratings now for like about three weeks, whatever it is.
What?
Let's just play that.
I'm guaranteed you get a 90's year.
What?
What do you think?
Maybe once in a while, I'll drop it up.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
I mean, you watched the whole thing and you see it in the work that you did, you see it?
You watched the whole thing and you get through it and ...., yeah, and so what's the point?
And then…
And then it kind of like ends very abruptly.
Oh!
That wasn't supposed to happen.
And oh well, that's the end of that.
Maybe you missed something!
I was like No.
I didn't miss anything.
I mean, I understand what they're trying to say but I haven't been saying it and it's got these tremendous recommendations.
Just of course it's directed by Adam Goyam.
I mean, it going who's a legend during his own mind.
Maybe somebody after saw it.
Deputy QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know the sweet here after.
And it was cool in the bus went off into the ice,
but everything after that, you're right.
The ending kind of just kind of went off and it was gone.
Yeah, I mean, what, so what, so what does it all mean?
Yeah, it didn't, it didn't fix anything at the end.
Yeah, there was no end.
No, I'm not, forget it.
Even fixing anything, but what the hell was the point
by the time you got done?
I mean, so there were all the families were screwed up,
just like he with the lawyer was screwed up with his daughter.
And everybody was unhappy.
Was it more of a depressing, I think?
Yeah, you know, everybody hates boys, though.
Yeah, that's true.
Too bad he didn't go in the ice.
Thanks a lot.
It's you too.
See, there's somebody seen it.
Now, what are we doing?
One break, I guess, because we're doing more than one
to be kind of tough to do it.
Maybe even squeeze him like in the four minutes.
Maybe we can like accelerate the speed on the spot
like the cheap channel was doing with the music.
Remember that?
Remember that we're like speeding up the spot
so they could squeeze more commercials
into like the last time?
Were they?
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure that was cheap channel,
or some bunch of grave robbing radio backstage.
It sure was nuts, man.
In fact, we're going to play the spot real slow.
Here's the Hollister Show.
Neil Rogers mornings in the day.
And for the realm of crime, the price is a huge way.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is your boy.
What?
Any questions?
This year, bringing in the holiday season
with a voice that reigns as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy gray Christmas.
On a macy gray Christmas, macy sings all her
you will tie favorites like
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And this indescribable classic.
A macy gray Christmas.
A macy gray Christmas.
A macy gray Christmas is available at your local can.
11.02 at 5.60 W.Q.
I think we'll play a lot of stuff today, right?
Yeah, why not?
Oh, we got the girl there because the beast is over screwing
his brains out in clear water, wherever it is with his lovely
girlfriend.
So at the very ritty, Marlottah, he had a point that out.
Very ritty, posh, resort.
Yeah, you know, when you got a rich mommy and daddy
who are paying for your apartment on brickle and paying for your like weekends
over there in clear water, sure, can be very ritty.
Talk about a spoiled brat, but he did a pretty good job this week, Miguel.
Okay.
Your friend, and I'm just telling you, which is about the first time I would ever say.
I mean, that's not such a great compliment because in the past, he's been an
embarrassment on the show anytime he's ever filled in on here.
He never says anything, but this week he was like a little more of her bows,
maybe because he was getting whipped up about this weekend.
So I think we'll play a lot of stuff because the one thing Miguel can't handle
is when I start reading all in bedtime stories.
He gets really crotchety and crotchety and we don't need Bob Cratch at this Christmas.
Here's the poll result for me yesterday.
They hated this poll.
I think that's the lowest number of votes we've had on a poll in Coons Age, if you ask me.
They hated it.
Who has the best public restrooms?
I thought it was, I mean, listeners suggested it.
899 votes.
The rich Carlton 206 must be a lot of you folks like spent a lot of time in there.
Huh?
I can't imagine even the 206 people in this audience had ever done any business at the rich Carlton.
But nevertheless, that's what you tell us.
The Cheesecake Factory 118.
Built more hotel 113, Hard Rock Casino 94.
I'd like to do some business in their restroom at the Hard Rock Casino.
And leave my signature like on the walls and the ceilings, you know what I mean?
No.
Shmear it around a little bit.
Ruth Chris Steakhouse 69, Barnes & Noble 66, Houston's 59.
I love Houston's.
What a fine establishment.
I don't know about there.
I don't think I ever did any business at Houston's, but man, the food is good.
Why is it that there are places that we know are really good,
but you just never get around to go in there.
You know what I mean?
Don't have time.
Well, Houston's always crowded too.
Now, in Houston's, they had that little buzzer thing you stick in your pocket,
and you have to be very careful what you put a real close to.
Right.
Yeah, do they still do that?
What you're waiting for, you know, you give me your name.
There you got a little beeper.
And you got like a little beeper and it buzzes either in your hand or if you stick it in your pocket.
Or like right up against your privates.
And then all of a sudden, it starts like vibrating.
But anyway, Houston's 59 is very good.
David Buster's 46, Westland Mall 43.
This is the crowd that hangs out in the limbo rocket, the JC pennies and bird eyes in Westland.
I know you think.
Yeah, Westland is right.
Toys RR39 up.
The only reason that was on there is the person who suggested this pool,
the fact that they said that toys RR was their choice.
And 39 votes.
They might say they must know something.
We don't.
Embassy Suites 38 and Spring Hill Suites only 8.
Because most people never heard of that.
The truckers know where it is though.
Right.
The truckers are hanging out with those truck stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, listen, you know, God gets lonely out there and they wrote all those hours.
Look for the QAM van today from 1130 to 130.
The Edwin Watts Golf Place at 12001, 12001 Westland Rise Boulevard.
Where is that?
Westland Rise 1.
Flamingo?
You're asking me?
No, don't.
Oh, God.
You're going to get a roadtrip.
East of Flamingo.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub's where I were used to make the difference and the place is great.
Am I right?
I was not there anymore?
No, Jason makes the difference now.
Jason makes the difference.
It's their food is good.
Those fat filled sandwiches.
Join QAM tomorrow from Noonville 3 at Coker.
A Creek, Mitsubishi located at 4930, 4950 North State Road 7.
Stop by for prizes and food again from Atlantic City Sub's where Jason makes the difference.
As opposed to the other sub place where Jared makes the difference and we hate Jared.
Oh, God.
What a nerd.
Aren't you tired of him already?
Yeah, he's the worst.
By the way, what do you need some weight here?
He's supposed to be here to talk about subsay.
We used him to board a ride.
Give me a break.
And then they claim he's got the wedding band down.
They claim he got married.
He goes really to me.
Looks like a flamer.
Also tomorrow from Noonville 2, a little George who sounds like one but isn't and doesn't look like one.
But he sounds like a flamer on here.
George Noonville 2 will be at Bill Sible's Mitsubishi at Bill Sible's Boulevard on Savings.
Northwest 36, he just west of 27th Avenue.
And Miami Hill have prizes and food from.
Guess what?
Atlantic City Sub's.
What?
Where Jason makes the difference.
Okay, our beaded curtain today and we apologize for this.
But look, I'm not going to lie to you.
It's the holidays now from here on in until the until January 2.
It's like just Mishmash, you know?
Yeah.
We're just going some time, more so than usual.
I mean, I've got to pretend we're going to do some fantastic radio today and we're going to, we're like either on our website.
We're just filling in the, we're just a spackle, more so than usual.
Josie Moran, we just had a run here like a week or two ago.
But for Josh there, he's sitting there with the leftovers from whatever George left them on there.
Pretty much.
So when George comes back next week, he better hop to it on that beaded curtain because people are going to start saying, oh, I'm not that bitch again.
Josie Moran born May 8th, 1978, in the middle of Park, California.
There's boobies there.
It's about all I can say and Ashley, I forgot.
But if you, we still have the Jessica Simpson photo on there, which is got like a nitpanging out.
Yeah.
So that's there too, a little bonus for you.
Born and raised in Northern California, Josie Moran, she was in the aviator, little black book band, Helsing, Swatters, the Malorie Effect.
And of course, like everybody else who's got boobies on the Howard Stern Show.
So, there you go.
Now, today's poll question.
I should play Butterfly Kiss's not a that movie The Sweet Hereafter.
It fits in perfect for the daughter.
Yeah, because she kept calling him on his cell phones.
She kept calling him.
Dad, I'm got things I need.
Dad, I've got this.
Dad, I need money.
Who's your choice for a 2004 person of the year?
If Time Magazine can do it, our audience can do it.
Who's your choice?
Now, we've only got four on there right now, which I noticed you didn't put Paris Hilton on there because nobody told you yet.
Well, I'm not going to put her on right now.
Put her on.
That was Miguel's suggestion.
I got George W. Bush and I say that with great shame in humiliation and degradation in the sorrow and despair.
Michael Moore, who got my vote, because that's bad folks, who got to stick together, Howard Dean, who kind of like revitalized the Democratic Party until John Kerry killed it again, and then the Paris Hilton, which I don't know what your rationale is for that.
She's, you know, she's hot, not hot looking, not hot acting, not hot anything, but she's big.
That might have been the sign that she was with that.
Because she's got a lot of money.
She's got the big bucks.
For us, I'm concerned she ain't got nothing.
Well, what is it that she's got beside the money?
Anything?
She's got the celebrity.
Yeah, but what is she got that makes her a celebrity?
You have to have like some ingredient.
Oh, what is that?
She's a celebrity.
A lot of media hype.
Well, there's Paris Hilton said this and her ugly sister also said that nobody cared.
Well, the problem is people don't care.
People do care.
Just like Amber Fry is writing a book, I was thinking of myself, what kind of person other than these shut-in fat housewives and trailer trash, who's going to be reading about Amber Fry?
Does anybody really care about Scott Peterson and Amber Fry?
In fact, let's get it over with already.
Just fry his ass and that's the end of it.
Where's the taxpayers in California going to be paying millions to keep his ugly ass alive for a very long time?
Just fry him right now.
I know they don't do that anymore, but let's make an exception.
Put it right there.
I'm like a Barbara Walbert special on ABC.
Paper View.
Right.
Paper View.
I'd pay to watch it.
How much would you pay?
About 30, man.
Watch Scott Peterson get off.
Yeah, that'll work.
30 bucks.
Yeah, about 30 bucks.
If you're better than watching another one of those lay-mass fixed Tyson fights.
Webini QA him.
Hello.
Now see, that's not a good way to start.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
You know, you were going to pick me up cold like that.
Pick it up.
That's the way we do it.
We pick everybody up cold.
Oh, OK.
Speaking of cold, I think it's too good down here today.
It's toasty here.
It's like minus six Celsius, but it's sunny.
Anyway, it's not raining like there.
I ran into an old friend of mine this morning.
He's a wide attendant for a major airline.
And him and I had a long conversation.
And somehow religion came up.
And I asked him what religion he was.
And he said Catholic.
Yeah.
So I turned around and I said, hey, father.
If they say you're Catholic, don't turn around.
That's not a good idea.
Well, anyway, I said, father, can you help an old altar boy?
Yeah.
And he says, all that sounds familiar.
What movie's that from?
I said, I'll give you another clue.
Father.
I said, I'll put all of the boy.
I said, the power.
The power of Christ who tells you.
Yeah.
That's what I said next.
He goes, oh, the exorcist.
He says, you're not going to believe this.
He said, on his flight last night in first class, he had Linda Blair sitting in first class.
Isn't that sweet?
So hold it.
So I asked him.
I said, what does she look like?
Sally.
Strothers.
You know, because I'm thinking she's fat and heavy and gross looking.
He said, she's absolutely gorgeous.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Polite.
Nice.
Right.
Beautiful.
Just like Reagan.
Yeah, exactly.
Mm-hmm.
And Captain Howdy.
But isn't that kind of freaky?
Yeah, that is freaky.
It shows you that from listening to this show, you've got this, my psychic powers are transferring
to you.
There you go.
There you go.
Have a happy power.
Okay.
See all your people out there, put your hands on the radio, my psychic powers will transfer to you.
Maybe like you win a lot or you get the numbers, you know, popping your head.
Yeah, they'll work it.
Or maybe you'll meet some big celebrity on the plane or somebody who met a big celebrity like an
at-case, right?
Maybe you'll meet somebody who was in the suite here after.
I don't think there were no big name, uh, acrotyped people in animal.
We let's see.
Who was in it?
It was with, um, uh, Ian Homme.
No.
Yeah, that's it.
Ian Homme.
Ian Homme?
No, not Ian, not the, uh, Ethan Hock or Chicken Hock.
Whatever.
Ian Homme.
Now, he was good.
He played the, uh, he played the lawyer.
He was the main character in the movie.
But it's just, I don't know.
It was just, it was just like an hour and 52 minutes of depression.
That's all.
It was very depressing.
And it was a typical trailer trash little town.
You know, where everybody was doing, uh, the one guy he was doing his daughter.
And, uh, everybody with the other guy who was meeting this bitch in a hotel in the motel
and doing her and, uh, said there was a trailer trash.
Well, is that a surprise even in British Columbia or any other little town in North America?
I would think not.
Now, with no big names, this movie was up for movie in the year.
Oh, this movie, uh, well, you look at this and it just, you think this movie is just phenomenal.
And I think that's why I think I hated it.
No, but because, you see, which I really allow that to happen.
But I don't let myself get influenced by the lack of a vanilla ice cream or McDonald's.
I know what I like and I like it.
I don't care whether anybody else likes it or not.
If I like it, that's good enough for me.
But just the jacket on this DVD thing, 1997 Academy Award nominee, best director, best adapted screenplay.
And then they got all these guys who, uh, these critics who said best film of the year.
Well, 97 must have been a really weak year for movies if that was the best film of the year.
Right?
That just mean one of those artsy-fartsy film crap.
No, it wasn't so much artsy-fartsy.
There was some breathtaking photography in there like, uh, and the mountains, you know, British Columbia and the snow.
And of course, on my new set, it looked fabulous.
It looked really great, but, uh, huh?
Well, you know, that was about the highlight.
That was the best thing I could say for it is that the snow and the mountains and the sun looked really great on HD.
But other than that, forget about it.
When you read all that crap, you get high expectations.
That's not all of it.
That's right.
And I'm sitting there waiting, okay, well, something really great is going to happen, but it never did.
Thank you, baby.
Yo, son, dragon after a tough day, rhyming over a fat piece.
You need to chill in a J.C. Boy recliner.
The only chair designed by me, multi-blatting them according to this J.C.
Check this bad boy out.
Yo, bicipin' and trippin' because J.C. Boy recliner's got 24-keg gold cop orders and armrests.
Bigging up the whole eight magna's of Christal, y'all.
And the seat is extra wide.
Just in case you're sure to be on stage, that's fine.
You know what I'm saying?
Touch it, see what you do, big boy.
What up, baby?
And here's the best part.
The J.C. Boy recliner, just in four positions, y'all.
Business, maxim, relaxin' and mad pimping.
And dig this.
The patented J.C. Boy's quick release for the best is perfect for putting our Kelly Day.
Hella off your stage.
Yo, what the...
J.C. Boy recliner's get paid and put one of your cryptid days.
1118 at 560.
W-Q-A-M.
59 votes on a pool.
Who do you think is the person of the year for 2004?
Michael Moore 31, Howard Dean 11, George W's got 11 and Pericillin got 6.
That's the only names we got on there yet, but we'll get a bunch more.
But first, couple of faxes here.
New levels of right-wing censorship.
This one says from real chronic.
Last night I was in an AOL chatroom arguing politics with loony right-wingers.
My question of that is...
What?
Arguing politics with loony right-wingers.
Really productive thoughts like you say your time.
At one point I asked this question, why is it when a soldier comes back from Iraq
and since things aren't going very well there, he gets labeled a liberal comedy fag.
Some right-winger reported me to AOL and they shut down my account.
I had to call this morning and have it reinstated.
The moral of the story is if you have an opposing view, they will shut you down.
While we know that...
Absolutely correct.
And by the way, freedom is on the march.
Evolution is only a theory in the world of sliders.
It's only a matter of time before they start voting, which is this weekend, I think.
And Sam is what they're going to be doing.
Here's another fact from Jay who says Barack Obama for the poll.
That's an excellent choice.
You got it on her yet?
Not yet, but I will.
Any second.
I hope to see him here more in the future.
Yeah, I say Barack for present in 2008. He'll be great.
I also love the show.
Now to see this is like a little...
Here it is, it's the 17th of December.
Do you know what anniversary this is today? It just dawned on me.
Nope.
Let's see, 28 years ago, the 17th, 1776, on WKAT, I came out of the closet on the year and said,
yeah, how do you like that? That's the little animal?
Yeah, I mean, it's no Pearl Harbor day, but it's just something. I'm a homo.
Right.
Also, it's just, I love this show, but I'm looking forward to the...
See, I can't even say it's a George show for a little change.
Well, the good news for you, Jay, is that starting next Thursday,
George will be on all the way through the end of the year.
On my vacation.
So here you go, he's coming this excellent.
But like a little dig.
Love the show, but you're getting a little ponderous and old and like that.
So we want... Yeah, George back on.
George will be back Monday, by the way.
Yeah, when you stop, yeah, suspended a sentence, okay? Just cut the crap.
Suicide ends cathedral standoff at the crystal cathedral.
Oh, no.
A standoff between police and a church employee who opened fire with a handgun
at the crystal cathedral.
And in early today, when the man shooting and killing himself,
no one was hurt when the man initially began shooting yesterday.
And children and they were in the rush to safety.
The man stayed inside the complex for several hours and shot himself as often as he tried to talk to him.
And when he held up in a bathroom, I bet it was a messy bathroom too.
Probably Reverend Schuhler's fault.
If they would have been cleaned in the tea rooms there, this guy probably wouldn't get like all claustrophobic.
And maybe just got... maybe the stench just got too much for a while, you think?
Blue is brains out.
There was a dialogue and then the officer has heard the gunshot garden group.
It's kind of like what's his name? Andrew Quinn Innon, remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they heard a gunshot.
Then I'll never forget. They went inside the houseboat and...
Oh, there's nobody in there.
Well, let's go back. There's a lot of smoking stuff in there.
Let's go back in again because we put all the tear gas.
Oh, there he is.
That was great.
What outstanding police work, man, that was the best.
Okay, let's get some of the names for the poll and quit screwing around.
Also, we'll play like a whole bunch of stuff today.
I think I should play Butterfly Kisses in honor of that awful movie.
Great bit.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Oh, Neil?
Good, I'm from a room.
Yeah, okay, Reverend Jones.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
You guys are trying to be crazy.
Yeah.
What do you want to do, Peter?
With the sweet gear after it's a great movie.
Oh, yeah, you know, see, you're...
You're the kind of guy.
This is another one of those movies that you did acid first.
You probably would enjoy it.
What was so good about it?
It sounded like...
What about the eyes?
Well, one thing that you start out best selling books and most of the great movies.
I don't care what it's based on.
See, I'm not impressed by that.
I saw it.
In other words, it's like saying, oh, this is a 16 star rated restaurant.
If I go in there and I have a crappy meal, I don't care how many stars anybody gave it.
Even the poem was the star of David.
I don't care if it's...
Did I say that you could have stopped the question right?
Did I think?
I don't think.
I can get paid to think.
That the trailer trash people you were talking about, that was the whole thing of the movie.
Was that...
Right.
These people were lost in their little lives screwing around on each other.
Yeah, they did.
Is that like a bulletin?
Is that like a big...
I don't know.
But they had all these more good secrets.
And when that accident happened, all of a sudden they were like trying to cover up or they were trying...
He was trying to get them to make money.
And he was like trying to get revenge.
I have a white boy in there.
First of all, the guy that was banging the chicken in the motel room, he wasn't covering anything up.
Now that they had like this secret affair that was going on in the...
Yeah.
The whole world exploded when this box...
I guess you never saw Peyton place, huh?
I mean, how many years ago was that?
Yeah, I remember.
Jesus.
That was a fun one.
I can't believe it.
You must say you found a good stuff.
But you said that you thought the ending weaseled out, but didn't you think that was a great twist?
That the girl that was being a beautiful...
Don't say it.
Don't say it.
Don't say it.
Because then nobody will watch it.
The only thing you can do is ruin a movie ending for somebody.
Yeah, nobody's going to watch it anyway.
Okay, so in other words, the girl said that she lied and she said she saw this pedometer and it was...
Yeah, it should go...
She said she was at the right place.
I will say this.
The very end.
When he went to the airport...
Yeah.
And he gets out and he's getting the cab or whatever.
And he looks in there driving the bus at the airport is the bus driver, the woman who is the bus driver,
that heard that thing off the road in the frozen lake.
And she was like with the little kids taking them to a museum or something.
Right.
Yeah, that part was good.
But that lasted like 30 seconds.
Yeah, but I just thought I'd seen it like three or four times.
Oh!
And I just think it's one of the best movies ever in this game.
Oh, Caprita, man, you must have fallen on hard times.
Like that, do me a favor whenever before you watch a movie on your fantastic system, smoke a little pot.
And it'll open your mind a little bit to see these little nuances and the writing...
Right, I said you had to be stone to enjoy this. You probably also like video drum.
So come see my play.
Why?
Down in the bit more hotel.
We're doing a lot of checking that.
Why understanding why great tea rooms in the building or hotel?
In fact, what's the most important?
What's the most important?
The most important?
The most important?
The most important?
That's the irony of doing plays there.
They're always like these raw, violent plays in this beautiful little hotel and the coral gable.
They're like beautiful restaurants.
So right away, do you want to play a plug or not?
What is that?
I see do you want to plug your play?
Sure.
It was the same guy who wrote Killer Joe, which was a huge hit about five years ago when I was back in town.
Yeah, it was a big hit.
And Tracy left, talked about trailer trash.
He used his plays or about these trailer trash characters that are always trying to do the wrong thing.
And if it's a great tea sobriety, there's nudity, there's violence, there's blood, and it's a great twisty.
But actually, you would love it because it's about paranoia and the government taking over the country.
Sounds good to me.
What these trailer trash people that live in a farm is really good.
So much trailer trash in so little time.
But it was written during the Oklahoma City Barming, but it's funny because it really resonates now with WN Office.
So, you know, if you get a chance, come see it and it sits running through on New Year's.
Oh, I'll be there.
Maybe I'll come and see it, but I sure doubt it.
Well, I'm happy to holly and watch out for that.
I have to answer that, by the way.
What else has he got passed?
He'll be over to see you.
Really?
Yeah, tell me so.
Well, hang out after the play is over and we'll go get a drink.
Yeah, go smoke me.
Sure, I won't.
Okay, say goodbye, Captain Dave.
You get to see me naked.
Like I said, I'm doing the whole thing.
I'm gonna holly.
Mac.
Oh, what a thought.
Here's one that says, even though I hate him like Thor's, you have to put the Donald list.
Let's put Donald Trump on there just for those people, because he's on television again now.
And because everybody's watching that show and you fired it.
You fired it.
You know, stuff like that.
Don't, don't, don't.
Donald Trump.
There'll be a lot of marginal people.
Let's put some trailer trash on it.
That's exclusive.
What's on my 60th?
He's being there.
Dave, you're dead.
Dave, you suck.
You make sure that's it yet.
There's two things I know for sure.
Daddy, you're a loser.
She was sitting here from heaven, and she's dead as little girl.
I would laugh when you're in my pants.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
Why is the man man only here?
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you can look here.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked the turn shake for the cat.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
I'm not a dog for the bride and groom.
Dad, I'm getting married again.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have a sickle.
I've got a letter going.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Dad, I have some news.
I'm a lesbian.
Love of 33, 27, noon.
Happy holidays from all your pyzons at 560 WDQM.
How's that signal day?
How many watts we run in?
About 30, man.
Not too bad.
Probably get all the way up to a Gulfstream park.
102 votes on a pool.
Who's your choice for 2004?
Person of the year.
Michael Moore, 46.
I don't think we're going to catch him.
George W. He's got 20.
Howard Dean, 15.
Perissultin, a dozen.
Barack Obama, 7.
And Donald Trump's got two.
Celebrates, by the way, might just kill you.
Heart disease and celebrates.
And of course, a viox.
The lead story on the CBS even in NewsLies.
The FDA is screwing over all these scientists
who want to give you people the truth.
Oh, yeah.
Well, don't tell the truth because then we're going to like a fire your ass.
We're going to smear you and smear you like Joe Zavilsen and Valerie Plain
and do all of these things because the government doesn't really give a crap about you.
All they care about is getting smirred by the big pharmaceutical companies.
So, celebrates.
Here's the latest.
Maybe we can have the killer drug of the week on the show.
I don't work.
What games are going?
Every week have a different drug.
Hey, don't be taking this anymore unless you want to die.
I told you years ago about those statin drugs.
Cris door.
There's another one of those.
It'll kill you.
But just keep popping them, because somebody needs your money.
A U.S. Army combat veteran on leave from a unit headed back to Iraq
arranged for a friend to shoot him in the leg.
How do you like that?
Funny.
And I'm intent to avoid returning to the war zone to the welfare police state yesterday.
So, if you've got friends who maybe sent off to Iraq just shoot them in the leg.
Right?
You'll be doing them a hell of a favor.
I mean, don't shoot too high.
And I hope you don't have bad aim because that might hoit.
Specialist Marquise Roberts, 23, 12 police.
He's been shot Tuesday afternoon as he walked past two men arguing on North to the welfare street.
But police said their investigation about the Roberts actually was shot once in the leg by a friend.
As part of a scheme to avoid returning to Iraq.
That's right.
Roberts, who served seven months in a rack during the U.S. invasion in 2003,
was due to report back to Fort Stewart, Georgia on Wednesday, police said.
He is a supply specialist for the Army's certain infantry division,
according to commanders at Fort Stewart.
They said Roberts has been in the army since 2001, was on a two week call they leave at his home in Philadelphia.
And a friend shoot him in the leg and he's still going back.
How do you like that?
I think he was there long enough.
Yes, me, don't you?
They don't want to go.
They do not want to go.
And what are they going for?
Does anybody know?
No.
No.
They go, they signed up.
Murdoch's $44 million New York Pad, $44 million.
The anxious, the obnoxious, the right wing, the hypocrite Rupert Murdoch,
who dazzles you with TNA on Fox Entertainment Channel,
while beguiling and distressing the rest of us with his right wing paranoid crap on Fox News Channel.
Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO of the Media of the Giant News Corp, has agreed to buy the late Lawrence Rockefeller's $5 million
and a pen out of the department for $44 million as the published reports said today.
Poor baby.
I'm not impressed, Rupert Murdoch.
I mean, I know he isn't careful.
I'm impressed in that, but I'm just telling it.
I don't really care to me.
He's a piece of third.
New York Times said the billionaire medium of rule will pay the asking price for the three-story apartment in a lavish co-off at $8.35
Avenue.
The price tag would be the highest price ever paid for a Manhattan apartment if the deal goes through the paper,
since setting a person is familiar with the deal.
The offer is accepted Monday by representative of the Rockefeller's Estate,
which is responsible for the sale quarter of the times.
And what's the contract assigned by Murdoch?
He and his family must also be approved by the co-op board of the building.
Oh, yeah, you're rejected, okay?
We don't bring in trash like you, Rupert, and your sleazy family, okay?
You're out.
They must be approved by the condo board.
$567.0560.
I'm still in shock here and from Caprita.
I don't know which has got me like a little more off my feet, watching that movie.
Then for him.
See, it doesn't surprise me that he would tell us that he liked that movie.
Oh, he's watched it three or four times.
Yeah, he's watched it 20 or 30 times.
Stone off his ass, crawling around on the floor, reaching for his life.
The sweet hereafter in Adam Agoyam film with Ian Holmes.
I don't know.
I didn't like it.
And only now, only all these hours after I've watched it, I'm finally admitting to myself that it was pretty weak.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
I'm singing in the rain.
I'm singing in the rain.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm Ian Goveel.
Yes, sir.
I'm for the Paul Dave Wantsat.
All right.
All right.
Okay, there you go.
Dave Wantsat, put him on there.
Let's have a few comedy people on there.
What do you say?
All right.
He's a funny guy.
Don't misspell it.
WDQAM, hello.
In fact, you know something I'm just thinking to myself, and maybe that guy's trying to say,
WDQAM, stand.
Yeah.
Think about it works.
WDQAM, stand.
Here's the fact from Joe who says, I don't get a chance to call in very often.
Probably a good idea, Joe.
But I wanted to comment on a few things discussed on your show this week.
First of all, wheel affords and slot machines are no longer sold at casinos.
The manufacturer is realized how popular the machines have become.
And in essence, leases them to casinos, wishing to obtain them.
Any casinos wishing to obtain these machines now must pay the manufacturer three percent of the profits forever.
Wow.
So in other words, that's more proof that those of us who...
Now, Miguel plays slot machines at the casinos.
I have.
I don't go.
No, I'm not...
Now, see right off the bat defensive.
You see that?
No, I don't think...
I don't think...
I don't think you're in you play it.
It's not like you're afraid that people are going to think you're like,
Gaze, something like that because you play slot machines.
You've seen young people, old people, man, women...
Everybody plays, you know, give it a shot, right?
Right.
And your buddy across the glass there, Josh, is just terrified to play.
He's afraid...
And if, in fact, can he go in like with a groucho disguise, you know, with a glasses and a...
Most mustache, the big nose, maybe he might play him.
These are afraid of...
He goes, he just would admit it.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it is.
That must be it.
I don't know what the other reason would be.
I mean, how could you walk in a casino and not be tempted?
You must have tremendous willpower, not to like just stick a couple of coins in and say,
just try your luck.
Well, the only casino I'm at is when I go to Vegas.
And I'd...
Right.
I'm just not interested in playing the slots.
Okay, we believe you.
All right, then.
Joe secondly says, I have a Sicilian girlfriend.
She tells me the translation of...
...struances, oh, geez.
Schmidt.
Remember, Joe Schmidt?
Great linebacker for the detour lines 100 years ago before you were born.
Lastly, I heard you say, there is no Jesus.
Jesus was a historical figure.
I think a historical figure might be.
We don't know if there was a Jesus or not.
There are several first century historians who have confirmed the existence of Jesus
independently of the Bible.
Oh, right.
The most known is notable of these with Josephus Flavius, without whom our knowledge of the first century
would be very limited.
The only account we have of the events at Masada, for instance, came...
Masada.
I wonder if that's kind of like Isabella Cassada.
Came from Josephus.
He told us there was a man named Jesus who wandered ancient as real performing miracles, and preaching the Kingdom of God.
He also confirmed the existence of John the Baptist.
Mind you, he didn't talk about the divinity of Jesus, or whether he was a Messiah or not.
Those are matters of faith.
They did confirm there was a man in the flesh who fit that description, who fit that description.
And it is very unlikely he's finding his reporting toward Jesus because Josephus was himself Jewish.
Oh, I...
He just told it the way it is.
Okay, Joe, thanks.
Whatever you say, man, Josephus, he demand.
Right?
Here's a fact that says, thanks a lot every time I hear Butterfly kisses, I feel like getting a vast sectomy or blowing my brains up.
Or, if maybe you had like a little girl that you weren't planning on, just...
Just a...
Just him in the lake.
Yeah, that might do it.
See, sooner or later, everything that we got in here comes in handy for some food.
You know what I mean?
There will be a day when this will actually have some significant significance.
Come on, let's get a lot more names on there.
We actually put Dave Wands that on there, like a little crankboat.
He'll get some votes.
Sure.
What are the sports figures in South Florida?
Are there any other sports people like Ricky?
Ricky Williams would be good.
For it seems a meal, Roger.
Correct.
Correct.
Fight for it.
U-A-M.
Jesus Christ.
Go, go, go, go.
I'll give you a birthday party.
Don't take it.
A Christmas morning market.
Shit.
Circles, this girl makes it down.
He's making a list.
He's checking it twice.
He's checking twice more.
That'll make a size Santa Claus.
He's turning.
He's turning.
What are you doing?
He's seeing you wearing your stupid.
He knows when you're half-baked.
He sees it all on MTV.
So, it's so good this time.
Oh, you better be good.
I'll be like this.
I didn't get a clue.
And I want you to cross the cross.
I want you to cross the cross.
I want you to cross the cross.
I want you to cross the cross.
Nobody's over on the f***ing.
How about Ken Jennings for the pool?
What do you say?
Even though I don't watch Jeopardy in a hay like poison?
Yeah.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
And that was loud.
Listen, there wasn't much else going on
beside the ugly grotesque unnecessary
and totally gruesome, unacceptable war.
And the fixed election.
I noticed nobody said John Kerry yet.
Do we really want to do that?
Do we want to go there?
Do we think he'll get any votes?
Well, put them on there.
Day wants that's already got two, and Ricky's got one.
Here's a fact that says, hey, and you'll hear some words to live by
when trying to talk to the right wing nut jobs.
From the Bible, book of Proverbs 16, 22, I quote,
wisdom is a fountain of life for the wise,
but trying to teach stupid people as a waste of time.
This is an exact quote from the Bible says this,
facts here.
But there you go.
Trying to teach stupid people as a waste of time.
And that is, uh...
Absolutely correct.
You're going to shadow of it out.
Oh, speaking of John Kerry and fixed elections,
the Ohio Supreme Court Chief Justice yesterday
threw out a challenge to the state's presidential election results.
The 40 voters who brought the case
will likely be able to refoul the challenge though.
Chief Justice Thomas Moyer ruled out the request
in properly challenged two separate election results.
Ohio law allows only one race to be challenged
in a single complaint.
He says, they're going to have to do it all over again.
And they will, I'm sure.
The challenge was backed by the anxious Reverend Jesse Jackson
and Cliff Arnebeck, a Columbus attorney for the Massachusetts
Faced Alliance for Democracy,
who accused Bush's campaign of high-tech vote steaming.
And those people are...
Absolutely correct, sir.
What?
Painting for the voter set the reports of voting machine errors,
double counting of ballots and a shortage of voting machines,
and predominantly minority precincts as reasons to throw out the results.
In other words, the darker the precinct, the more votes get tossed out.
Ohio and its 20 electoral votes, well, we know that.
They determine it.
So, what's a mandate?
He won by a landslide.
You know, 119,000 votes.
It was 136.
Now it's 119.
I'm sure by the time they get done with all of the counting
and refiguring and re-affixing,
it'll be like about 80,000 votes.
Oh, it's a big mandate.
He's got a lot of political capital to spend.
That's why we can go and kill a whole bunch of more people now.
And sacrifice more American lives.
Let's get some more serious names on this list.
I guess it just wasn't anybody like real standout.
Any stickout in this last year was there.
It was kind of like, uh...
Huh?
I mean, Michael Moore, I would think, is the...
Right.
Whoever else is put...
He's in the lead.
He's got a commanding lead and why not?
See, I'm one of those people that doesn't apologize for being a big Michael Moore fan.
Why the hell should we, you know?
I mean, if some people would say,
well, I enjoyed the suite here after I watched it ten times.
But I'm one of those who says,
I watched, uh, bowling for Columbine and Fahrenheit and I love it several times each.
And I'm still going to watch him again because Michael Moore is a genius.
And he's got a big pair of balls.
And he tells it like it is.
Michael Moore's 67 for person of the year 2004.
George's W27.
Howard D.18.
Peris Hilton 13.
Now, see, when she's got 13 votes,
that tells you how weak the field is for this.
No, but seriously, what is the deal with her?
She's ugly, man.
She's got a nasty skinny little pinnows.
She's a pinhead.
I mean, you...
Now, let me ask you, Miguel, about opera la Vén.
Did you get the email, I sent you?
Yeah, I got the email, but what is that?
There was no message with it.
Oh, no, she's really cute.
Ah!
I like that, bro.
Oh, we should have had Miguel on all week.
I knew it.
No wonder I got sandbagged on this.
Yeah, I'm getting such crap all week long from Josh and from the beast about opera la Vén.
Oh, she's disgusting.
She doesn't do anything real music.
Well, what's wrong with her?
She's fine.
No.
Not like some great musician.
She's not going to be like, you know.
Or we weren't judging music.
Or anything.
No, no, they're giving me everything.
I don't think she's cute.
I think she's like a pinhead.
She's a pencilhead.
But I mean, she's cutesy.
I would say that.
You know, the difference between cute and cutesy?
Yeah.
Yeah, she's cutesy.
She's fine.
And I know it's Josh ain't arguing with you about it.
No, I think she's okay looking.
I just don't really like her music.
Well, that's fine.
You don't have to like her music.
I don't care whether you like it or not.
Letting more than I have to like vanilla ice cream.
I think about what she would like to bring me to music.
Yeah, but Brittany's got more than...
Who needs music when you got what she's got, right?
You can't really compare.
Yeah, Brittany with opera love.
You know, like a little over the top.
Yeah, shame on you, McGon.
Yeah, that's getting up on him.
Michael McGillmore, 69, Bush, 27, Howard D. 18, Parasilton, 14.
Barack Obama's moving up the ladder.
He's got 13.
He's great.
Donald Trump, five.
They want that three.
He's the best.
Ricky Williams, two.
Ken Jennings, one.
And John Kerry just won on their 152 votes.
Poor Kerry don't have any yet.
He needs more votes.
That's always been Kerry's problem lately.
Just a little bit short.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I have a question.
I'd like to know if you could tell me the answer.
If somebody could do some research.
How come I didn't cross out the break?
I didn't do the break.
Yes, sir.
Is it or is it not true that Rudak...
No.
That Murdoch, Rudak Murdoch.
Yes, direct TV.
If he does, people should cancel and droves
and either put up antennas or go back to him.
Why is that?
Because he's a scum.
Well, we know that, but the fact that it matters
is he owns Fox News.
There are people every cable company's got the Fox News on there.
I mean, you can't escape him.
He's just too big to run away from.
Do you know that he has Fox News on three different channels
if you have direct TV?
Really.
So you run into it whether you want to or not?
Love what I just get through saying.
You can't, and he's like a boogie man.
Everywhere you look under your pillow, there's a Murdoch.
I agree.
Newspapers, TV, magazine, you, new navities everywhere.
I have a nomination.
I think he's the Antichrist.
Probably right.
My nomination would be Raymond J. Johnson Jr.
You can call me Ray.
You can call me Ray.
You can call me Ray.
Oh, Ray.
All right.
56670560.
Count 560 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Crawler.
I got one for your part.
I have the little survey too.
Top 40 you have to go to the Shaquille O'Neal.
Jack, there you go.
Jack.
All right.
You got him, man.
And hey, another one.
Not all of us truck drivers like, like, oh, gay boys.
There's enough female chicken heads in the truck stops, all right?
All right.
Good.
Good to hear it.
Scrend it around, pal.
When it does, spread it around.
Although I'm here, lots of stories about those rest stops.
5, yeah, I don't know about too many of chickies at the truck stops.
Do you ever hear that?
No.
I don't know.
I'm thinking you just try to cover his ass with that one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a variety of it.
You know, you're all, uh, yeah, heavy heads and shoulders, mostly heads above the other ones,
man.
His head is about the size of like four people, you know what?
That'd be a good pull, question, takes some day.
Who's got the biggest head?
I wonder what that's all about.
Do you think, and I'm not saying that Shaq did steroids because that would be terrible.
I'm sure he did not.
Aren't you positive he did not?
No, there's no way.
No, not what our Shaq.
But the fact of the matter is for anybody's head to get that because I noticed that very
bonds head is like growth as well.
Not just his ego, I'm not talking figuratively, but I mean literally his head has become
like four times the size that he used to be.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Palli.
How about Johnny Damon to the World Champion Boston Red Sox?
Johnny Damon is the person of the year.
What about, I would say I was just going to say Kurt Schilling which I hope I was hoping
you wouldn't say that because he's a vegan fanatic and we hated him.
Yeah, that's why I don't like him anymore because we'll put them on.
Okay, whatever ones these guys want to put on, I will put them on.
All right, thank you.
Go paint for you.
It's okay.
Paint for you is going to kiss them real serious, Dolphin-ass on Monday night and I'll be watching
that in high definition.
Now I'm going to be felling from that.
That's going to be beautiful.
It is going to be just amazing to watch that.
I couldn't be wrong.
Maybe they just won't show up.
The stranger things have happened.
You know, when you have your team and you're playing like a girls team, once in a while they
just forget to show up.
They're like looking ahead.
You have it down to the dogs.
You have to do that.
You have to do that.
That on Monday that football they want.
No, they won't do that.
Billet Check would not permit that.
5667-0560, pound 560 out of Verizon Singular Riders line.
WDQA in, hello.
Police.
WDQA in, hello.
That wasn't even him.
QA in.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I got some Natelvier Josephus guy.
Yeah.
Everything that was written by Josephus is written in one style while the Jesus Christ stuff
is written in a completely different style stuff.
I'll be damned.
It was probably answered by one of the folks or something.
Yeah.
I ain't got nothing for your folks.
I don't swing that way, but I'll say go ahead and do boy.
He's just upset about Adam and the goiim.
They didn't like that movie.
The sweet hereafter.
And you know what's Capri does it?
One way we had the other guy that started.
We got two people that have seen it.
And the first guy didn't like it and Capri does it.
How many times?
Dr.Deman.
WDQA in, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Tally.
Hey, do you think Tom Brady can teach AJ such a feeling how to throw a ball?
Throw a pass from sitting on his ass?
That was good, huh?
That was a good throw.
That was a good throw.
Oh, great.
Great.
Whatever you said.
Look for the Q&A today.
I mean, AJ touched you, feel it.
He is emblematic of the entire organization, man.
So, you know, it's the Ra Ra, Sis Boombaugh.
Look how hard he's trying.
He's out there.
He can barely walk.
He's holding his ass.
He's holding his fingery shaking his hand.
He's like, always, oh, I've got to hit again, you know.
Let me say to get AJ, it's a contact sport, okay?
You're not playing touch football, are you idiot?
No, seriously, he's just too fragile.
He's like a Chinadow.
He's like, oh, I've got to hit again.
And that, of course, is because the offensive line probably is like laying down on him.
You know what I mean?
They probably hit him like poison.
Oh, no, you're wrong, Neil.
They're really playing for him.
And they're playing for coach Norman Bates.
Trying to get the third win.
Right.
Look for the Q&A today.
No, no, seriously.
Wouldn't you think that the last three games that would just kind of like go through the motions?
I mean, money that they won't have to try.
But I mean, they want the number one draft picked.
It's 49ers.
I don't know who the other two teams are.
They play the last game.
Who wants the number one draft pick?
The Dolphin should.
The players don't care.
What do you mean by that?
The players don't care.
So, in other words, you tell me the players are just playing for the money.
They don't care whether the team gets better.
No, they're good for themselves.
They got to play good.
Or else they won't get traded.
And they won't get their money.
Look for the Q&A today.
1130, which is right now.
That's why I'm reading the promo again.
Until 1130 this afternoon at Edwin Watts Golf at 1201 West sunrise Boulevard.
Where do you say that's like East of Flamingo, West of Flamingo?
East of Flamingo.
Just look for the Flamingo.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub's where what's his name
makes the difference.
You are a sneaker.
Why not?
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
2004's your stuff.
Next year we'll have more luck.
I can see it now.
I bet they'll cure my cow.
Might even fight a cure for that guy like them more.
When you feel your SUV, that cash will all be free.
Even when we'll cut our taxes, that this will still go down.
And rather we'll not use taxes.
Osama will be found.
I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East.
All these will graduate and clear eyes will be.
So straight please let it be a great year.
I sure hated this year.
Don't need wars or elections.
And no more flu infections.
TV will be clear and start Jones will be linear.
Let's all look down the bright side.
It's 2000, 2000, in 2005.
1205, 60 WDFM.
Let's take a look at that schedule today.
Mad Dogger course obviously is another day off today.
Right, it's got to get in that three day weekend to prepare for Monday Night Football.
That's right.
So we got Curtis Stevenson today in the studio.
It's who we got the hump right for.
It's the working heavy duty lately.
I noticed the big all-out hooters in pepper pine seven o'clock, 80 Ks back at 10.
That's what my schedule says.
And he was out sick last night.
Hopefully he's back tonight, right?
Do we know?
We're working on it.
Let's see.
Get out of here and start with the run.
Get out of here.
Crazy person.
No, it's not.
No, seriously, I mean ever.
I'm going to tell George the same thing.
You're out, John.
He's just a silly person.
It's one thing to put funny stuff on.
There's nothing funny about Rumsfeld, which by the way,
is Evan By, Senator from Indiana says he ought to resign.
And so does Trent Lott.
And so do a lot of other people.
John McCain says, hope and dread, whatever that means.
And we got to have a Cuba story with Miguel there today.
And I wouldn't let you down.
Cuba puts up massive billboard showing a raki prisoner abuse in front of US mission in Havana.
Cuba responded yesterday to the US diplomats refusal to take down Christmas decorations
by putting up a huge billboard in front of the US intersection in Blason with a swastika
and showing photographs of Iraqi prisoners being abused by American soldiers.
The billboard put up overnight had a large swastika in red and the word fascist
covered with a maiden USA stamp.
It sat primarily on a Mollekon, Mollekon, Havana's coastal highway facing the mission's office.
There was no immediate response to American defraud in Havana.
Of course, the US intersection headed by Chief James Kason,
ignored the demand earlier this week to remove Christmas decorations that included a reference to
dissident, jail by Fidel Castro's government.
The trimming's included a Santa Claus, candy canes and white lights, wrapped around palm trees
and signed reading 75, a reference to 75 Cuban dissident, jail last year.
Cuban parliament speaker Ricardo Alarco, and called the sign,
rubbish this weekend, said, caisson seems desperate to create problems.
Or is that case in?
Casey Cason.
Or do the case in, keep rolling along.
Cuban warned the US intersection to remove the decorations are face unspecified consequences.
No other officials from casters administration have commented on the spat.
Maybe they spat on it.
Thank you.
Probably.
We've got to play a lot of Christmas stuff today, don't we?
I keep saying that and it's already 1203 for Kranow.
Now we're almost out of here already.
That's a shame in it.
Oh, right.
Here's line 9 for the first time today.
This is going to be sensational.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Nail, you obviously don't know much about American history.
If you keep comparing the Bush administration to Nazis.
Yeah, right.
All right, bye.
You have to whisper in there or what?
No, I'm one of the, you know, I whisper in the talking as loud as I can.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
5.670560, what does American history have to do with Nazis, huh?
Yeah.
If I keep, uh, I'm not even going to be spined about, okay?
That's the whisperer doing, trying to do a real call, I guess.
Good material, man.
Oh, and maybe here's the real one.
QAM, hello.
Hey, that's all for you.
Oh, I haven't heard from him in a long time.
Oh, WDQA and hello.
Good material.
Hey, Nail, you want for the ball?
Yep.
Still come off.
Oh, no.
Yay.
WDQA and hello.
How's going to you?
Okay, pal.
I got a favor for the pool.
Yeah.
How is your buddy?
How is your first of the year 2004?
Okay, you got a man.
I don't know why, but oh, and see ya.
Have a happy holiday.
See, unless you move quickly, like somebody I know used to say on the air,
if you move quickly, you can get in now as you used to sit there with all the lines empty.
Howard Stern, do you think he's going to need a lot of votes?
I'm done.
Well, he is pioneering.
He's leaving the commercial radio behind just in case you haven't heard it for the first 40,000 times.
He's going to get serious and the FCC says, we're not going to tap her with that.
You go on there and do all the potty mouth crap you want.
Sounds pretty interesting to me.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
How's it going to you, Nail?
And back to you.
Oh, yeah.
Do me a favor.
Can you put it in a great, Duff and parody song, Matt, to show how great they've been this season?
Did I play yesterday at the end of the show, I think?
Oh, Matt, come on.
Just forget your mind there and go, go pages.
They're going to kick them, Duff and Coulou, if we can.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Yeah, I'll play a little later.
Maybe.
You see, I did not play that right to you in the yesterday?
Thank you, Matt.
Yes.
I'll see you.
I'll see if the mood strikes me.
It's either that or I'm going to watch the sweet here after again right in the middle of the show.
One or the other.
WDQA and hello.
That was big.
I'm not going to watch the video.
Yes, sir.
About Gary Bedman.
Oh, yeah.
He's the best.
He'd be the best.
Oh, very best.
Okay.
Yeah, put Gary Bedman on there.
Just another clown vote.
The biggest jackass in here, I think he, he's definitely in the top 10, one of the contenders.
Nice going, Gary.
You idiot.
You're a simple, man.
I just, I told you before the show, I don't really care.
I just don't miss it all that much.
And I'm hearing other people say, I screw him all.
You know, the hell is that?
I have to say what we want.
There's Sweden, near playing somewhere.
There's two, Canada, young.
I'm very clever.
I'm the time I was 18 and I had to sign a contact with him.
Yeah.
How about some leaf slunch?
You want to hear some of that?
You like that so far?
Yes, it's great.
Well, we got some hockey stuff, man.
We got to fill the void, man.
Central hockey league, we got some old games from 400 years ago.
We got to fill the void.
But if they never, if they never played again, somehow life would go on.
I know that's revolutionary, but it would go on.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, I was a dolphin swimmer.
That's a buffing Canada.
Oh, man.
Maybe we can try to remake the movie.
What do you think?
Maybe AJ Touchy.
Maybe old, what's his name?
Norman Bates can be driving the bus, huh?
Singing some Miami Dolphins.
Oh, geez.
Took a bad turn for the worst man.
Somebody QA him.
Hello.
I was a rated.
Somebody QA him.
Hello.
Maybe AJ Touchy.
Maybe old.
QA him.
And he went up.
I'm really sorry.
This day people don't realize that fascism is ruled by the corporate interests.
Yeah.
And the only difference between the Nazis and the Bushes is that they were more on your face about it.
But can you do your favor?
Can you play OJ bitch Jack?
I need a laugh.
If you can play.
Okay, pal, you got it.
Thanks.
See ya.
OJ bitch Jack.
Huh?
What the hell was that?
Huh.
This is OJ.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches.
So I'll recommend to you two OJ Simpson's bitch Jack for women.
Believe me, brothers, you won't get Jack with bitch Jack.
Just a tad to small homie device, the old bitch's legs, and you can track her all around town.
And just in case she cheating, she'll get a beating.
You see, when your woman be messing around, do bitch Jack for women, let's out an inaudible beefing sound.
It only you can hear.
And once they catch her, she's all yours.
Excuse me, Mr. Simpson.
We tracked down your old lady with a white man.
What shall we do with her?
Well, thank you, officer.
I'll handle this.
You bitch.
Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch Jack.
I'ma cut your throat, you bitch.
I'ma...
Don't remember.
Your old won't get buried far with OJ Simpson's new bitch Jack for women.
Hey, just because OJ's free, don't mean your bitches got to be free too.
Bitch, yeah.
12.08.560 WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Hey, I want to talk about your whole from yesterday.
Yeah.
I think we should stick with the free election campaign strategy and that is anybody but George.
I don't even know what Polly's talking about.
He was talking about the first one.
Yeah, the George won't overwhelming me by the way.
You came in a distant third, Miguel.
I'm sorry to say that bad news, but it's okay.
I'm sure it'll ruffle to your feather.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to wish you happy holidays.
Thank you.
Thank you for another great year of free archiving.
Right.
Let me have the manuscript now.
Great.
I heard you had a three year contract, does that mean three years from now or two years from now?
I'll let you know what about an hour.
That's probably good.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
So, WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Happy Friday, Neil.
Back to you.
Hey, I got one for the poll.
Yes.
How about coffee on a coffee?
A coffee.
Coffee, Annen, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
First of all, number one, I won't know who that is, number two.
It's kind of a mixed bag there, yeah.
Who do we believe?
Do we believe him or do we believe any of them when you come right down to it?
There are a bunch of thieves and crooks, jiftsies, trampson thieves.
Tell you that right now.
I don't want to sound cynical, just honest.
Okay.
Anybody who gets into like a high-powerful position and not just in this country, but anywhere in the world,
just like Sylvia O'Brolis-Coney yesterday watching him over there with Bush.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Sylvia O'Brolis-Coney from Italy, who's one of the biggest crooks in the world, who makes them obvious,
he seemed like a bunch of Sunday school teachers, and he's in there with Bush.
And I'm thinking to myself, which one has the Tony, man?
Burles-Coney, who owns a Rae-Uno, Rae-Due, Rae-Tray-Raliah, TV stations on TV networks in Italy,
and when they started doing satire like, like Saturday Night Live, they started doing satire.
And if so, he said, oh, satire is illegal on TV in Italy.
Oh, okay.
I'm not making that up.
He just arbitrarily decided to ban satire on Italian TV, because they were making fun of him too much.
WQM, hello.
Me, you.
He was probably telling Bush how that works.
Yes, sir.
A couple of things.
For the poach of that, Dave Chappelle.
Who?
Dave Chappelle.
Dave Chappelle.
I'm a James, bitch, you know.
Dave Chappelle?
Yeah, and he blew up this year.
Yeah, okay.
And I think that beat is scared of you.
I was looking for that hurricane hotline yesterday.
He's talking and talking and talking.
He's with you.
He just cried out scared of you.
He did that.
He talked a lot this week for him.
He was okay.
I have no complaints about the beat's performance.
It was compared to his previous performances.
I think somebody butched him up a little bit.
Probably clearance threatened to cut him off.
Now, who could that be on the bat line?
QAM.
Hello.
Who the hell was that on the bat line?
I saw that over the corner of my eye.
I thought I'm going to have something really psychotic and exciting going on here.
And they just disappeared.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, Pellie?
Good.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just have a question of interest.
What do you do like on New Year's Eve?
What's like your step in that?
What do I do?
Yes.
Yes, stay home.
I do not go outside.
I stay home.
I watch TV.
I will be very happy.
The Dick Clark won't be there this year because he had a stroke.
And then I go to bed.
Do you stay at the 12 o'clock or...?
No.
Well, at the time, depending on whether I...
If I feel like it, yes.
And if not, no.
It's just another day to me.
I don't care about it.
I was going to lie to you.
Stop enjoying the year's Eve.
Just I care.
I never really do that.
I will crap about New Year's Eve to be honest with you.
I don't...
I'm just not that much into it.
What's the big deal, you know?
I guess.
All right.
In addition to which all the crazy people are out...
I mean, I sure don't want to go out on New Year's Eve.
You have to be out of your mind, man.
All the crazy people are out there trying to kill you.
They're all drunk.
They're all like stoned off their ass, right?
Oh, you're just a party, poor Bernier.
I'm not one of you, say.
I stay home and eat vanilla ice cream.
And I get some carry out of McDonald's.
Carry out of McDonald's.
Yes, and take out.
What do you mean by that?
What do you laugh about?
Have you ever heard of put that way?
Well, see, I was thinking of pizza-tallio.
And Italy, it's like pizza takeaway.
They call it...
So, it's like it's more of a European thing.
They call it takeaway.
Okay.
After you eat it, they take you away at Macdeff.
Why shouldn't I say that?
From 13 at 5'60", WQI", I am, it began with the original
Bozwave Radio back in 1993.
Popular science then called it the Sonic Marvel,
and now it's even better than ever.
Because Boz is engineered into a whole new standard.
There's the introduced the brand new Bozwave music system
that reproduces a half-octave lower musical notes plus
even greater instrument clarity and definition.
It sounds like you got like a symphony right in your house.
The slate-new design features no buttons, a convenient credit card style
remote knock controls all functions, including FMAM radio,
new slot loaded CD player.
Call Bozure directly at 1-800-560-4832
to order what David Novak the Gansuk guy says can't easily replace
whatever components his to me currently have.
Order today and shipping is free.
That's 1-800-560-4832.
When you do call, be sure to ask about the new Boz payment plan
that lets you make convenient monthly payments using your
own major credit card with no interest from Boz.
A risk-free trial guarantees and satisfaction what's not to like.
So call right now to hear the amazing the unparalleled new Bozwave music system
1-800-560-4832.
That's 1-800-560-4832.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' Gets coincently on 560-4832.
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
My amy has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They flub the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control and when you say my amy,
you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number 18s and a lead.
But the first man.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
but then they and their jukeboxer.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number 18s and a lead.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 footballs sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of him rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number 18s and a lead.
Go, he's dead.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to woo.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
The dolphins have the feet work.
That quarterbacks at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain size in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number 18s and a lead.
Hey, tell me.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake called his signals in Hebrew.
A dinosaur.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always just a point you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than fireworks on high zingas of leaf face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number 1, what the hell 32?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're three.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
POP daddy sitting in the chair I'll call you Puffy yo yo man yo yo are you ready
yeah here's your $100 question finish this nursery rhyme all right
Hickory Dickory blank is it a doc vpc marina or d inlet
whoa man is it a hundred dollar question right here you're kidding me right this
$100 for $100 this ain't a million dollar question this is the first one
money totally for a hundred dollars is this a black thing would you like to use a
light line yeah I wonder what I got what do I got well we have the asked the
audience the fifty fifty and the phone a friend I see audience not too many
white people in here they're fifty fifty ain't gonna help me oh you know I'm gonna
phone a friend gonna phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing
the nursery rhyme yeah all right who are we gonna call Puffy oh my boy old dirty
bastard old dirty bastard yeah dirty we're gone our friends from 18
till get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you
yo old dirty yeah man read just felvin from who wants to be a millionaire how
you got your friend here puff daddy go dirty was that what's up what's up what's up what's up
all right all right old old dirty uh puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble
here on the hundred dollar question first question and the next voice you
here will be his he'll come on the line he'll ask you the question he'll give
you four possible choices are you set hey man next voice you here will be his
and thirty seconds begins now you know dirty finish this off for me all right
man take your in dickery blank is it a doc B Pia C marino or D
in it oh come on man I don't got much time I know this man I know I see it's Pia P
you sure about thirty man there's a lot of money man about thirty all right man thank
you very much time times up old dirty said Pia you still have two lifelines left we
are on the hundred dollar question you know what read just a lot of holy
audience no I like the adder like that actually know there's only three lifelines
of used one you have to let no no no I get another life line it's a brand new
into the game and what is that puffy it's called shoot the host puffy you can ask
the audience I call it shoot the host puffy use the fifty fifty what's the answer
puffy it's stuck it's a it's stuck my final answer stop it's stuck and it's a good one you got
all right you run you run you run you know I play that don't you know because they're
always bugging me with that what where is that come from that but thirty man
two and a second so we got that other way plus it's you can never play that too much
I trust you boys your administration will our continued use of ozone depleting pesticide
the anisees in the white house the bush administration mounts new rules yesterday to allow
us farmers who grow tomato strawberries and other crops to continue using methyl bromide
and ozone depleting pesticide that had been skid will be phased out worldwide next year
but not the girl US a united states was among a dozen nations that one continued critical use
exemptions from the phase of negotiations in prog last month environmentalists say the
west habitually asked for far more than it needs and shouldn't be seeking continued exemptions
catering to a handful of big chemical and agribusiness interest the bush administration
is actually expanding the use of this dangerous ozone destroy chemical said David Doniger
a policy director of the national resources defense council and of course he's absolutely
correct and guess what the Pfizer people you're all those news about celibur today and to
increase your risk of heart disease and it could cutie out and Pfizer said well we're going to
still sell it all right I like their attitude right hey we're making big bucks putt peddle in
all these dangerous pills and thank god you folks don't have access to all of dangerous drugs
from Canada yet unless you're like cheating you know because we don't want to like
being importing drugs from 10th world countries like Canada who's your choice for a 2004
person of the year is our question today we got 266 votes we just need to take a lot more calls
get a lot more suggestions on here what you think they're just they're really aren't that many
good names just wasn't that kind of a year for you were that many people to be like proud of
the great things you know Michael more is the exception oh he's like way out in front
ice go on Mike for a fat guy you're on pretty fast he takes the cake
Michael Nora and eats it 115 for Mike George W 38 Howard Dean 26 you got to hand it to
the boy and if you don't hand it to him he'll just take it he'll steal it Dean 26 Paracelotin
23 that needle knows bitch I don't get it I don't get it that's why for aqua baman 19 Ken Jennings
eight how about Ken Jenny he didn't get any Dave wants that Scott E Ricky William 7 Howard
sterance 6 Donald Trump says check has got four John Kerry four Dave Shapell has got a pair
why did you put that on there hey he's great and Gary Batman he's also great he's got the big
well deserved by the way deserve maybe a lot of those Gary you worked really hard to deserve the big
in fact we'll put him in a box and send him to you like a match made in purgatory Gary
Batman oh god he is the anti Christ hey all you horse racing in the poker player fans
pompadopark racing and poker as the plunging action you're looking for
located a half-mop from both i95 and the turn fight pompadopark is easy to invest a
wall rhymes with ball pompadopark offers free admission and free general parking year be day
live harness racing in the poker room is open for nights a week every Monday Wednesday Friday like
the night and Saturday poker starts at noon it's going on right now as a matter of fact continue
still mid-dive and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 at the p.m. every Monday Wednesday Friday
and Saturday the poker room features tournament action with special texas hold them in seven
cards step tournaments starting at noon and be sure and then take advantage of dollar nights on
Wednesdays with draft beer soda hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 p.m. review
Wednesday at pompadopark pompadopark harness is also open every day seven days a night's a week
between the best and the harness thoroughbred and high-rise simul casting from all across North America
free to watch and punch your guts on how about that Brian sears nice going Brian he's a hotter than
a firecracker this Saturday December 18 that's tomorrow it's $10 for $20 a night to track when you
pay $10 cash for a book of $20 in pompadopark money to buy whatever food beverage items you want
on the second third and fourth floors as a great deal by the enjoy great night of racing
or poker too pompadopark a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the current
racing scheduled as given McCall 954 972 2000 or just check them out on the web at pompadopark.com
don't forget first post on two nights 725 at pompadopark
sure seems in real Roger's
exclusive
m
wow
oh
do do do
oh
me
I can't believe his clean.
Must be that Stair Roy's in base form.
I saw very bomb sticking in the balco raps for a fix.
His forearms were jacked in.
Absolutely.
Stair Roy's in base form.
You got a foundation fell on there, which you already did.
How about John's story?
OK.
I got no problem with that.
I think a lot of people in this crowd anyway watch John Stewart give him more credibility
than some of the other turds on there like Wolf Bliskery some of those.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Or else, Rumsfeld should resign.
I hear here's a classic example of why you've got four more years of Bush and why the Democratic
Party is a bunch of weak sisters, bunch of pansies.
Senator Evan Byte, Democrat of Indiana, said yesterday it was time for defense secretary
Donald Rumsfeld to step down.
He made his comments to both National Public Radio and the Indianapolis stars.
There is no confidence movement gained momentum in the Senate about Rumsfeld.
In recent days, by the way, that's Hermann Gehring Rumsfeld for the guy to call before
chastising me about comparing these people with the Nazis.
Now, these people are worse.
In recent days, Republican senators John McKinney, Arizona, Trent Lotta, Mississippi, Susan
Collins of Maine, Susan Collins, Norm Pullman, Minnesota, and other losers, and Chuck Haguele
on the brisk of expressed doubts about Rumsfeld's ability to wage the war in Iraq.
But I went a bit further, pressed on NTR, whether he personally believed Rumsfeld should
step down by said, I do.
In the interview with the Indianapolis star by said, he isn't a big fan of calling for
people to scouts when things don't go well, but people have to be held accountable.
He said significant mistakes have been made.
Lives are at risk.
At risk.
Forget about the 1300 plus there already gone.
They're at risk plus all the Iraqis that are dead.
They're at risk.
Still asked how long Rumsfeld see.
Here's the deal.
Here's the deal.
Ask how long Rumsfeld could last by said, I think he'll stay on as long as the president
thinks he's serving him well.
Isn't that the typical wishy-washy Democratic response?
Yes.
That's pathetic.
By who we turned Tuesday from a congressional trip to Iraq and Kuwait said Rumsfeld hasn't
shown any ability to learn from his mistakes.
If you're going to go to war plan for the worst, in this case they plan for the best and
some of the worst has happened, they just don't seem to be capable of alerting from
that, he told the star.
Well that's great as far as it goes, but this business he'll stay on as long as the
president thinks he's doing a good job.
That's great.
Like I said, typical wishy-washy wimpy-namby-pamby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby-namby
And then we're going to wash it in this sea to take back the way house!
Yeah!
All the thousands of Americans are victims every year.
Theeds stop at nothing to take your car until now.
Introducing the newest and autostatic protection, the Howard Dean Car alarm.
And have a look, a Porsche. He needs a car bar.
When installed, the Howard Dean Car alarm would deter the most crappy would be thieves.
The Howard Dean Car alarm, now available in select states.
And coming soon to the rest of America.
None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean Car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for President Trump.
I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man.
That's why I'm having my share man. I've been everywhere.
Oh right!
I've been to Reno's car, go parko, Minnesota, Buffalo Toronto, Winslow, Sarasola, Wichita, Dungos,
Ottawa, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Alabama, Madelow, Oklahoma.
We're going to South Carolina and look for home, Arizona.
I know the corner, I know the corner, and Texas, where the Howard Dean Car alarm is.
We're going to South Carolina and all we got is my share man.
I've been everywhere.
I've got the corner, I know the corner.
There's a boss to Charles who's able to leave here.
And all we got is we're going to South Carolina and Texas.
And if we call it the Blinrod, Black Rock, Little Rock Oskis, we're going to South Carolina and Michigan.
And if we call it the Blinrod, we're going to South Carolina and Michigan.
And if we call it the Blinrod, Black Rock, Little Rock Oskis, we're going to South Carolina and Texas.
And if we call it the Blinrod, Black Rock, Little Rock Oskis, we're going to South Carolina and Texas.
That's what we need man, a big, big ball-buster.
We don't have curchilling on there, I don't think.
Even though we can't stand him on the show, we despise his born again, his piety and his right-wing leanings.
But nevertheless, he was one of the big heroes of the championship season for Red Sox, right, the World Series.
He was a hero.
He wasn't?
He was.
Well, what is that supposed to mean?
You're questioning his virility?
You think that maybe he's gay, huh?
Anyway, put him on there, please.
Curchilling.
And I do it with heavy heart, I can't stand it.
And let me say this, if you're going to put Paris Hilton on there, what about Brittany?
She got married a few times and drunk and maybe she's still splashed all over the court of all.
She got out of the boat, huh?
She got out of the car.
She's not skanky, she's not skanky, okay?
She did a little hanky-panky, but they don't make her skanky.
If you walk into a public restroom, you're barefoot.
You're skanky.
Sorry.
I got news for you.
If Brittany's spears, if you were like at the built-more hotel, and Brittany's spears
walked into the lady's tea room, barefoot.
I don't know, but that at gas station.
Will you listen to me?
All right, let's say at the...
If the Texaco station somewhere, the Amaco station on the corner there, the BP, all right?
If you were taking a BP at the BP, and she walked into the tea room there, barefoot, you'd
be the first one for a hundred miles an hour just making a B line in the lady's room.
Am I right?
No.
Get out of here.
You're so full of it, man.
She walked in barefoot in the tea room there.
Oh, it's disgusting, man.
It is disgusting, but you'd still do it right in there.
Pinn right up against the wall.
But Brittany's spears on her.
Come on, guarantee she gets more votes than Pericilton.
She gets not.
If not, I've lost my faith in all of them.
Heros out there.
Pericilton is so nasty looking, so snotty, that schnauz.
Plus, she's got a personality like a nasty, hateful, miserable bitch, a sow.
And you're not going to have a Levine, Josh.
In fact, I'd say, let's put Avril Lavigne on there, too.
What do you say?
She had a big year.
What?
She had a big year.
Yeah.
What's wrong with you?
I think it's because she's Canadian.
That must be it.
Hey, I'm not pushing Priscilla and Dion or Ann Murray.
Where's that fit that we got that I've played there today?
Hey, Sean, I asked Canadian.
Yeah, we like anybody.
Don't I, Sean, I have Twain?
Oh, you know what?
I haven't played yet.
I'm out of the swans today, again.
And my new year's resolution is to get all of my Republican friends to change the Constitution
so I can be president.
Once I do that, I resolve to destroy all of the copies of the videotape that shows me smoking lever in the 70s.
Okay, I've been here, everybody.
Ha ha ha ha.
Has the chronic.
The house, your job, me or others, mornings and we did.
And, towards a round of clock, we're fighting.
She way here.
And a lollipop little boy.
All right.
What?
Ha ha ha.
When Bill Riley died in.
Sure he is in wear and pants.
He'll tell you if you'd like your job.
Then you'll give him a last dance.
And if you tell lollipop, you're not looking to be kissed.
He'll do the pants right off you.
Absolutely.
And for you, an ex-stargianist.
All the backers, fair and balanced.
But not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little to the right.
When Bill Riley's morning sure it ain't the nose fins on.
So when Bill Riley's dying, you best not pick up your phone.
Oh.
Late night, what you looking for?
Open refrigerator.
Grab that baloney bread and some baked beans, what's your energy?
You fact it goes from the jar.
I scream with a Hershey bar.
And you're jumping peanuts, one by one.
But you're not done.
Man, the road he yells, and you we care about.
A full of Applejacks, and you give a little belt.
Jump food at night, and you wonder how your shoe will be.
Tell me why you have to go and get yourself so tough to pay it at.
I see the way you're smacking on your problems, what your body has been at.
Life life is huge, and you rush and you throw it and you eat.
And you eat about eight of those life that is the budget.
You're gonna say you're crazy, how the feel to be concentrated.
Oh no.
I'm dying on the air.
1246, 2004, a huge year for Overlavine, but Josh Cordis and his militant man refused it to put around the list.
That's okay.
Huge.
How huge.
She made more money than you did.
There you go.
I risked my case.
I guess it's gonna be a long list then.
WDQA and hello.
New year.
Yes, sir.
Happy holidays.
Back to you, pal.
Hey, listen, I got a couple for the list.
One, two women, Pat Silman, the guy, the...
The guy in Afghanistan, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
And I don't know the guy's name, but both Grumps, though, what it's all about.
The unknown soldier, yeah, okay.
5670560, pounded 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines.
The guy that told Rumsho about it's all about WDQA and hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I had a suggestion for that new...
Wow, how much thing you're doing.
What?
What?
Yeah.
If you could put the end like the...
What?
You know, what?
You know, what?
You know, or something?
Oh, wait a minute, how about...
I got the definitive one.
Yeah, like...
What?
What?
What?
What?
Or maybe...
What?
Hey, that's good, huh?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Go ahead and give you a thing.
Goes in together.
Join QAM tomorrow afternoon from noon till 2 a coconut creek, Mitsubishi located at 4950 North
State Road 7 stop by for prices and free food from Atlantic City Sub.
For Josh, Jason, whatever the guy's name is, makes the difference Jason.
And also from noon to 2.
Now let's see, the first one is...
They're both at noon to 2.
That's called competing appearances.
So, again, that's bad.
All the people that would go over to see George instead are going to go over to a coconut creek, Mitsubishi.
Because George will be at Bill's side with the...
And not only that, but they're competing Mitsubishi dealers.
Oh, and only 50 miles away from each other.
Oh my God!
Also tomorrow noon to 2.
George will be at Bill's side with Mitsubishi at Bill's side with Bill's side with the Bull of
the Settings Northwest 36 feet just west of 27th Avenue, I mean, get there early for the
free sandwiches because they like to hop them up real fast.
The sandwich guy comes with the sandwiches and they just grab them up real fast.
So, get there about 11.30 with Bigger, 11.
About 30, man.
Right.
WQA and hello.
Very nice, but if you do it, thank you women, how about Joe Blow?
Game blow on her, yeah, and I don't think so.
I'm tired of her ass and the rest of her too.
Old news.
By the way, Enrique and Anna Cordohoi are married.
We've met at the other day, that's...
They're not the worst yet.
Huh?
They're not the worst yet?
Not yet.
In fact, the rumor has it that maybe they might actually do it one of these days, but don't count on it.
Don't hold your breath.
That is so...
I mean, does anybody believe that?
Do you believe it?
Yeah, I believe it.
Faaaaming!
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, good.
I was just following in.
Have you, um, anybody called in about the billboard that's up on the 595 or...
About my billboard?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hadn't heard anybody talk about it, but it's really good in that.
You can see your name from a long way away, but...
Right.
...the part that is following how it's turned underneath.
Yeah.
The worst color in the world.
Why did I say that?
I think it's $50 billion of pre-published to the everyday, so I figured it's about time I got a little something, right?
I'm telling you, you cannot see the black writing that's on there.
Good.
That's not all.
Excellent.
I love it mentioned.
Thanks for the good news, Pally.
Have a great holiday.
Cheers.
Yeah, it's about time I got a little something for this show.
Like a little appreciation.
Right, let's have appreciation day for the New York Roger Show.
And I want to have appreciation day for the Curtis Evenston for the Mad Dog Show.
Curtis to be along it too, and then a Humper at four in between suspensions.
Then you got the big ol' like the 780K10.
Is it definite?
Eddie's in or is that in pencil?
It's a visible link.
You're like this.
The New York City Department of Investigation has launched a probe into ethical breaches committed by...
And I'm going to tell you again, I really mean this.
Have you seen this chemical alley that they got waiting to go on trial over there in Iraq?
With the mustache and the, uh, funky here?
Right.
I'm telling you, he looks like a cross between Bernie Kerrick and Saddam Hussein.
It's mind-boggling.
I think it is Bernie Kerrick.
This is the way the Bush administration's going to get even with Kerrick and I put his ass on trial and fry it.
The New York City Department of Investigation has launched a probe into ethical breaches committed by...
Bernard Kerrick, the city's former top cops of the New York Daily News.
The inquiry one of two confronting Kerrick will explore numerous ethical lapses revealed on the Daily News this week...
After Kerrick's nomination to become the nation's homeland securities are collapsed.
And it goes out about the Department of Investigation, the DOI did this, the DOI did that, investigating corrupt city employees and contractors now.
Many have wondered whether the White House asked the DOI about Kerrick before President Bush's nomination.
The DOI officials clarified last night the agency had not been contacted before or after Bush's picked bomb laid the big egg when Obama grande.
The news reported Wednesday that in 1990, Kerrick was having trouble meeting some of his financial obligations.
He bought two apartments that were combined into wondering an extensive renovation.
A spokesman for the Bronx District Attorney Robert Johnson said the office of the gun looking at Kerrick's purchase and remodeling of the apartments in the Riverdale section of the rural.
We're gathering information to the spokesman Stephen Reed who said the matter's not yet a full-blown criminal investigation yet.
And it goes on and on.
I used to job there by the Bush administration and you'll wonder why they couldn't find out.
I keep saying that every single day and it's true, but they couldn't locate those 19 sheriffs that blew up the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Couldn't find them. Can't get the job done, but freedom's on a march.
5.6705.660 has that pull coming. A lot of good names on there. I don't see over Levino.
You want to run there?
No, not only if you feel like it. I'll leave it in your hands. Of course, if you don't put it on, it will be embarrassing.
No, that's okay.
I mean, who's more...here's a good question for you. Who is more talented in appealing?
Parasilton or Avolovine?
Talented or we'll get more votes.
No, no, I'm asking your opinion. Forget about the votes. I'm just asking you that question.
Well, Parasilton has no talent. So that's not really...
Is she good looking?
Not really.
Yeah, so what's her claim to fame? If she has a lot of money and she got a lot of publicity, right?
Pretty much.
Right. Now, did Avolovine get quite a bit of publicity?
Yeah.
I mean, not in the same manner, not in the same magnitude.
Yeah, not even close, I don't think.
Who's got more talent?
Avol.
Yeah, even though you don't like her music, but at least she can sing after a fashioner.
She's better sing it than Brittany, but then again, so am I.
340 votes. I'm not going to try to twist your arm. You just hate her like...
I mean, I don't...I don't make a big deal.
Well, like I'm not sitting here waiting for the next Avolovine video to come on.
I mean, it's not a big deal to me. Who cares?
But it's just that you and the beef were so militant about it.
Like, it's like the guy to call me in the year or two ago.
Oh, you like REM? You must be gay.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Well, in both cases, you're right.
Like anybody likes REM has to be a fag. Is that what you're saying?
You like REM?
Yeah, I think you're all right.
Yeah. Oh, you must be gay.
Miguel?
I like REM, actually.
No, you must be gay.
I mean, just people think stupid things.
Why can't you just...
If you like Elton John's music, now personally, I think he's become an asti-old bitch.
But his music is great. Is there any debate about that?
He's made a lot of fantastic music.
But what me and the Beast were kind of saying was like, you like...
Ever you say...
Well, you like Avril's music, but you don't like Ashley Simpson?
Because it's like the same kind of...
Get out of here!
No way!
What do you mean?
It's like...it's like Poppy...
No, no, no, no.
Yes, and Avolovine Simpson can't sing.
Right.
He cannot sing.
Avolovine was the alike her music or nobody liked what it comes out.
At least he can sing. She's a performer.
And he's a...
He's a barbie doll. She's a simpleton.
She's just there because he...
She's somebody's sister.
That's all.
Which is better barbie doll either.
Well, I mean, I'll be barbie doll.
Who lip-syncs?
Come on, Ashley Simpson.
And comparing anybody to Ashley Simpson, that's about as low of a shot as you can get.
That's like comparing somebody to William Hung, okay?
That's like St. Willa Rica.
You know, he's not much of a singer.
He's like about...
I'm the same part with William Hung.
I'll look for modern reek issues in games.
But anyway, it's beside the point.
Not your business.
I wonder if Annacorn will just find that out yet.
All right, to me, it's like it's Mariah Carey and Louis McGill all over again.
I see the same parallels.
They're all at least the end of she's got a pair.
I'm like Mariah has just got that one big one in the middle of her chest.
There's another one for her. Mariah Carey.
Can she sing?
I mean, not at all.
She is horrendous.
She may see a cruise on talented.
Which, you only had like 30 number one hits in a row.
Yeah, so that makes her talented?
Huh?
Doesn't that prove that?
Doesn't that prove that?
Doesn't that prove that?
I don't know how many number one you've got in a row.
Yeah, well, we don't want to revisit the Elvis thing here.
That must be the verometer.
Somebody's got a tremendous amount of talent that they have a number one hit.
In fact, I could look up at my billboard book here on the floor.
All the number one hits.
And if we went down the list, you'd probably slink out of the room in embarrassment.
Some of the crap that's been number one.
But Mariah Carey, she's great.
Who's your choice for the 2000 for a person of the year?
Michael Moore, 142.
He's almost 100 votes ahead.
You go, Mike.
142.
George W. 53.
Stole second election.
That's not bad.
Two out of two.
Howard Dean 33, Parasolton 26.
Wow.
Barack Obama 24.
Howard Stern, a dozen Ken Jennings 11.
Ken Jennings still don't have a one.
Dave Wandsett's got nine.
Oh, oh, oh.
Ricky Williams 8.
He got eight.
Dean Chappelle's got seven.
Dave Chappelle, but I say Dean.
Dave Chappelle's got seven.
Donald Trump 7.
Shack's got six.
John Kerry 6.
John Stewart 5.
She had told a Hill pass Dave Chappelle like a standing still.
Pat Tillman's got a pair.
I'm really not sure why.
Just because he died.
A lot of other people died.
They just weren't famous.
And look at his no votes for Brittany.
No votes for Kurt Schilling and no votes thank God for the obnoxious, the obnoxious Gary
Bettman.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Oh, all right.
I'm going to hold you down.
I can do nothing.
Thinking of a big roll of his fat.
You don't leave out the battle which you can't wear it down.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Again, again.
Hey, hey.
Yeah, it's a bit hard out of age, so I could go for a long story or two after a long
Get yo second, so great.
Hey, what the hell?
Hey, what the hell?
That's the end of the world!
What the hell?
Hey!
Hey!
Ho!
Our prayer, the things I'll sing
for you to come to my feet
would be the heaven's head
with their feet to heaven, man
Christmas Joy, their belly-braining
barrels through their nose and singing
Jesus truly been a strong
when he made the same wrist-song
for the hearts of heaven
and their sing
Oh my God, what's that we do is
Deborah Norville leaves MSNBC, is that big news or
everybody leaves MSNBC because there ain't nobody watching it
and John McIner will have to see NBC because there ain't nobody watching him playing
this. Here's a good one, this might be the winner, I think we got a contender here against Michael Moore
Oh, I missed a fast before, give me that one, how about Arnold?
He had a big year, the rope and a-the he's the governor of California now
Arnold, I think he definitely belongs on there but this one could be the winner, sponge Bob Squarepants
Right?
A huge, huge sponge bob
He could be the person of the year in 2004 that the whatever of the year, a sponge Rob Squarepants
as squares he is, and nobody don't like sponge bob right?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and a Verizon singular wireless lines
Here's line 9 again taking our lives into our hands, hello?
Yeah, I have a suggestion for the Paul
Yes sir, Moha or David?
Moha or David is a fantastic choice
I bet he's going to get a lot of votes, huh?
Him is wife the dog, what do you think?
Absolutely
WQA and hello, Neil
Yes sir
Hey what's up man, you can't say what you were bleeping out that song that has job in it
That is correct, you can't say job, no, you can't say job
You mean to tell me you can't say hey, you can't say hey, you can't say hey, neither?
No, we can say them just separately, don't you get it?
I don't, what the, what the, what the crisis going on in this country?
Well that's what the American Nazi party tells us, okay, pal, I mean the Republicans
That's what they're telling us, we can't say, you can squat, Schmidt, any more
I mean we can say certain words, we just can't say them in combination with certain other ones, that's the way it is
Net pathetic, it really is, you know, it's tragic
And a public like I told you two years ago, it said, we would like that, they accept it, okay, whatever you say, makes sense to me
A lot of just a small handful, the Parents Television Council and a handful of individual wackos from a coast to coast
In each market to determine what you can hear and what's okay and what's kosher and what's trief, and that's it
That's America today, just as the way it used to be, A, WQAM, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
My birthday is next week, how old are you going to be, sir?
I'm going to be the age of our Lord Jesus Christ, 33
33
That's half of 66, which is two thirds of 66, keep that in mind
Yeah, I have a perfect song for like a theme song for your show, for ministry, I know George has his Jesus filled my heart
Okay, that's George, check it out
George, check that out, we're a little disturbed being here this week, he's having a case
Yeah, get your hand on your pants and check it out
When did that, I'll check it out, okay, thanks a lot Pallee, have a happy, happy birthday to you
It was kind of a reverend, wouldn't you think, especially almost a Christmas time, like eight days before the birth of Christ
The birth of your Lord
Let's play my sweet Lord, that'll kill some good time by George Harrison, what do you say?
All right, no, that's long
567-0560, pound 566-the only Verizon and Singular Wireless Lime, we're looking for your choice for the 2004 person of the year
Let me just take a look at what you did here, I'm just curious, what do you mean?
No, just a minute, look at it, he puts more Howard David on there but he won't put over Levine, see what I'm saying?
I'm putting her on right now
I think we just push you over the edge with that one, Mr
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, he puts on more Howard David in it, you know, Mr
Smarty pants over here, Mr Squarepants, Smarty pants, but they won't put on poor little over Levine
You'll see SpongeBob is going to do pretty well, 388 votes, so far Michael Moore is just way ahead
154 and W has got 56 and the word is out that W is going to be Time Magazine's Man of the Year, well that's a big surprise
I mean, what competition is there? Do you think Time Magazine would put Michael Moore on there?
Not a Chinaman's chance in Perkertor, I don't say that right now, no chance, two chances of that
None and much, much, much, much, much, much less than...
No, W and Q and M, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir? Got one for your list
Okay, Space Ship 1, build Rutan, you know, he wants to blast Rich B-plop there into space
Yeah, the Man of the Year, not you
No, W and Q and M, hello
Q and M
Yes, the Man of the Year is God
Oh, I know who it is
Man must be who he's talking about, the Man of the Year is God
Yeah, he did create Man in his own image, huh?
I wonder if it was like the image of El Goldstein Gilbert, huh?
I'm not really sure which image which God we're talking about, maybe it was like Tom Brady
He's coming back to Q and M, hello
Can I have a great job?
W and Q and M, hello
Q and M
Neil, yes sir
I've been listening to you for 25 years
Well, you're one of my best people
Yeah, I'm sure you're not going to like this one, how about George W?
He's on there, he's in 70s
Well, I mean, I mean, I mean, yeah
I'm not going to like that, he stole a second election for InSquare, what's wrong with that?
That's a good year for him, how many votes does he have?
59, although by the end of the day I'll probably have 459
because you know the Republicans will let Michael Moore steal it, have a great weekend, pal
Okay, okay, get on there
They're making even so many votes, Bush really gets because by the end of any contest, he's in all of a Senate like kind of like
Oh yeah, and Michael Moore will probably lose half of the votes by the time we sit down Monday morning
Don't forget, now George will be back Monday, he's been on vacation this week and of course, let's say he's starting there
Through the Albion vacation for eight days, won't that be great? Oh yeah, that will be sensational
So that guy that was his name before, that sent me to fact Jake, the snake, whatever he was, wanted to George
There you go, in fact I heard it's gonna be a special sidekick, you're gonna have to like make way for Maddie Bell is gonna be in there with George next week
So I'm here in dry, yeah, you're gonna be sitting on George's lap
WQA, hello
Neil, yes sir, Bill, come on
Bill, come on, Jack asked somebody to say that, okay, leave her alone, okay, he's up the river, she's singing swanney river
For a minimum of five years, wow, he's gonna have plenty of chance to cool his heels and his
Tho-mas in there, five long years, he just wanted a little friend, somebody QA and hello
Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, how about Howard Sirth? He's on there
Oh, okay, okay, okay, don't get panicked, how many's he got, let me take a look
He's behind the Avril Lavigne, I mean no, I mean he's behind the Perisotin, Howard's got 13, he's like in the middle of the pack
In fact, he's one behind Ken Jennings, Perisotin is tied with Barack Obama, you know
When I think of Barack Obama who's brilliant, articulate, outspoken, forthright, makes a lot of sense
A tremendous success story in his own, I think of Perisotin all right along with that, don't you?
They're equivalent completely
Yeah, contemporaneously, I mean, contemptuously, I think of Perisotin right along
WQA, hello
Hello, Lenny Bruce is World Over and Scraves
Yeah, and I have one for your poll
Yes sir
Sandy Clawed
Sandy Clawed, oh yeah, that must sound like Woody to me, that sounded just like Woody to me trying to do like a little more macho voice
You're still a fruitcake, okay Woody, that was not, if it was not, I apologize to whoever was, but I'm sure it was
Sandy Clawed
By the way, all you kids out there, there is no Sandy Clawed
That's why when you go to all the different shopping malls, you see some fat Santa and some little skinny or Santa and a much fatter Santa
Because they're all like a bunch of fakers, okay, they're ain't no Sandy Clawed
It's just a bunch of pack of lies so that your parents can do a lot of business so the merchants can do a business
That's all
And as far as this thing, I got another story which I'll never get to thank for this because you want to hear me read
But groups pushed for religious displays of Christmas every day this week we've had stories
Conservative Christians finding if we're Christ back in public, Christmas displays have two new weapons in their arsenal this holiday season
The real election to President Bush and conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly, who in between making up seen phone calls, is screaming the own about the, you know, Christians are getting discriminated
Here's the thing, Christmas trees had nothing to do with Christmas
It's a custom, okay
Now they have something to do as far as religious is concerned
There's nothing to do with religion, no
So the idea that we shouldn't have Christmas trees in public building is so ridiculous to me
I mean those people, they're way overboard, say, that's called pushing a good thing too far
Keeping religion separate, separate nutrition state extremely important, it's the last straw we have to grasp onto, it's all we got
They don't have holiday trees
No, no, but seriously, what differences to make, what you call them, they're not a religious party religious observance, okay?
Just like Christmas carols are like jingle bells, the jingle bells have to do with the Jesus
I don't think so, you know, those people with the J-thou, Jesus bells, do you understand?
So the people that carry it to an extreme, they're the ones who create the opening here for the religious nuts to come in and say, you see they won't even let us put a Christmas tree in
Well, why the hell not? And I don't care what anybody says, I will guarantee you, I'll bet you're manny bells life on it right now that there are Christmas trees in maces and birdies and blooming bales and where, right?
Yeah, you know that there are, so just cut the crap already and everybody's gonna get along really really well, you know, everybody just hating each other
I want my decoration, I want my manure, I want my Christmas tree, I want my negativity, see, blow it out your ass, okay?
Grow up already and get a life and stop with the fairy tales. All the crap that's going on in the world today, you wonder why it's going on?
Because all these people arguing and killing each other over their own fairy tales, it's stupid man, it's stupid
And you know who told me there ain't nothing worse than stupid?
Yeah, he said don't be stupid is what he said your buddy. I think he's gonna get any votes probably not.
Let's take a look at it more Howard David had three votes already, how do you like that?
I'm already pantry but I'll remain don't have any and more Howard David has got three, so what do you know?
Hey, I want to think I know the holiday season is here full time now full steam ahead and the folks that Armstrong for the homestead want to thank all their loyal customers for their business and trust.
Everybody knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive. Armstrong Ford realizes they need to offer you more value.
So Armstrong Ford was the very first Ford dealer to offer tires and batteries for life which they're still doing plus they give you a free floor to sun pass with each vehicle you buy.
Vice President General Manager David Rich and a gang also want me to remind you that Armstrong Ford has always very competitive prices.
For example, right now drive away in a brand new 2005 F-150 from just 13,938 or new expedition for only 24,090.
Great prices added value and friendly service. That's the Armstrong difference at Armstrong for the homestead when you're ready for new vehicle come to the league that I've treated just like family.
Their deals are unbeatable Armstrong for the homestead it's Southwest 07 street US one just exit at the Campbell drive exit off the turn pipe.
Price include all factory remates and discounts of the Procredit plus tax tag and fees. Happy holidays no matter which one you're celebrating if you can pay aren't celebrating any from our friends at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
You are a single new Roger.
School of the Joker on 560 50.
QAM.
Third.
Rock and roll history is digging in a childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer no one knew existed and now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this journey.
It's the lizard king at his most best a Jim Morrison Christmas.
I hit him.
Jim Morrison Christmas.
It's the CD that proves the ULTI season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
Oh, it's hot.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
The season is still alive even if he isn't.
but the problem I have with her is the lyrics.
She sings, how about my happy ending?
Well, butch your 19 years old, fairly attractive in the face.
You have a nice little body in your rich.
What the f is with the teenage angst, bulshmit?
Some of us have to get up at 5.30 in the morning.
You paid a whole shmit load less money than you do for days work.
How about waiting 30 to 40 years?
About 30, man.
No one is buying your music before you start whining
about how bad you have it.
I want to punch her right in that f-ing pointed little nose.
That's bad.
How about you, you wrote that?
You've been a kid.
I recorded this wrote that.
That was me.
It had to be.
Now, that's a chronic.
I can tell by the print.
It's really, it's, you know, we get to know the chronic voices over the years and then
you get to know the facts.
You're just by the print, by the font.
You know what I'm saying?
Who's your choice for 2004 person of the year?
We have 451 votes.
Not too bad.
Michael Moore 175.
George W. Voice 62.
He2Man.
Howard Dean 37.
Barack Obama 27.
Paraselton 26.
Howard Stern 18.
Ken Jennings 14.
Sponged Bob Squarepants.
What did I tell you?
He's moving on up, man.
12.
There's no stopping him.
Pat Tillman 11.
John Stewart has got 10.
Ricky Williams 10.
And when I think of John Stewart, I always think of Ricky Williams.
Dave Shapell's got 9.
Dave Wantsed at 9.
All the Dave's all the time.
Donald Trump 8.
Shaxx got 7.
Shaxx!
Mohar Davids got 6.
I think the dog voted twice.
John Kerry 6.
Kurt Schilling 3.
Obralavines got a pair.
Aral Shorths and Eger's got 1.
The Terminator and the Brittany and the Gary Bettman don't have either one.
Maybe you got a point.
They really have turned on Brittany, you know, you're right.
How does Avril have votes and Brittany doesn't though?
Does that work?
Brittany's old meat.
Anybody that ate a bitch that would walk barefoot into a restroom in our gas station?
Oh yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, happy Friday.
And back to you, man.
I got a sports figure for you.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.
Very bonds.
Tate and money.
Tate and Sandy, Pate and Manning.
And he's the term of a touch sound.
Oh, what?
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
He just leaves me limp, Pate and Manning.
Oh, brother.
But, you know, he's having a great year.
You're right.
Put him on there.
What other athletes?
What other sports stuff has happened this year that, um, how about Tom Brady?
See, I still maintain that in the midst of that was the most exciting Super Bowl in history.
What's dramatic ending, huh?
Didn't see it.
Yeah, nobody's talking.
There were too busy worrying about Janet Jackson's booby.
About the booby flat.
That just goes to show another example of what is really desperately wrong with America
that the FCC and all of America's up into a tizzy about the little booby there at halftime.
And the game was phenomenal.
I say put Tom Brady on there.
Two Super Bowls in three years ain't bad.
Plus, they only lost one game this year so far.
12 and 1 and 2, Shabby, right?
You're going to put a sports guy on there.
What about Tom Brady, huh?
Hi.
There you go.
WQA and hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, sir.
Um, one for the poll.
How about Bobba?
In 2004?
Yes.
Two down before you even.
Well, it has his heart put back together.
Okay, what do you say?
I don't get some votes because everybody likes Bobba.
I just, I don't see it, do you?
No.
I mean, was this his year?
No.
I just don't get it.
But put Bill Clinton on there just to make him feel good.
Okay, heal up real fast.
The first, the first man in 2008.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60, and whatever.
What?
That's his guy.
Well, if we got the first lady, what do you call her husband?
Exactly.
The first guy.
Line 9.
Two A.M. hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Outbound.
Yes, Janet Jackson.
I mean, she took that boy through us all back in her own age.
That's right.
That's a good point.
She had tremendous impact.
You're absolutely correct, sir, and have a great life.
Janet Jackson, I think, is a very good point.
And it kind of a bizarre, twisted way.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, when in doubt, she popped it out.
Now, if we put her on there, do we have to put,
I don't think I could handle it.
I just jump off the wall.
I think we'll have to put Justin Tinkerbell on there.
No, we're good.
Just in Tinkerbell.
Now, there's another one of those stories.
It's like Enrique and Anna Cornelhoid, you know?
Justin Tinkerbell and Brittany.
Are you believing that?
I know she's got pretty bad taste.
That's another reason I think she's dropping down so bad.
If she keeps concerning with these slimy, nasty, travertrashy,
queen-y, whatever, you know?
That gets me hopeful.
That's true.
That's true.
And either one of you would be a big improvement
or what she's hanging with.
That means we have a big impact.
Even I would be a big improvement.
How do you like that?
That's saying a lot.
Now, she needs some help with that eyesight.
Oh, let's see.
Brittany don't have any.
Gary Bettman, Brittany Spears, Peyton Manning,
have the big...
Oh!
And Avril Amin's got five.
How do you like that?
Put that in your piecepipe and smoke it, huh?
You're going to see, by the time we sit down on Monday morning,
Avril Amin, the queen, she's going to be zooming by.
Just like John Boathe used to say,
the middle land is zooming by.
You'll see.
W.A.M. Hello.
I would go for...
Excuse me.
I didn't get...
Sink to my stomach.
I'll like Michael Powell or Carl Rove,
but either one of those guys would just make me physically ill.
So I'd rather pick somebody like Lance Armstrong.
Lance Armstrong.
OK, man, you got it.
Good luck.
Have a good holiday.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Lance Armstrong, there you go.
There's a real guy with a big pair, right?
A little water bracelet.
Right.
That's a good point.
Somebody you can look down up to?
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil?
Yes.
How about David Ortiz?
David Ortiz?
Boston Red Dog, he has a hell of a bet.
How about he does?
OK, and you probably like to see it.
Oh, man.
Oh, wow.
He's got a big bet, and this guy wants to hold it.
Just let me hold it for a minute.
Wow.
That was special.
Well, we only put Kurt Schilling on it.
I mean, when I want to put the whole...
I got one for you, you could put on it.
It would be really good if everybody pissed off to a frenzy.
Somebody we despised.
Who's that?
Right on.
If you're going to think about the red sauce.
I must be crazy.
I must be.
Hold John Henry, man.
Just a joke.
Don't put him on it.
Whatever you do.
John Henry.
What?
He sure liked me a lot.
That organization when he was around.
I never forget that morning I came in the studio.
And Lerieper or somebody else.
I had more than a nail.
And then there were all of a sudden John Henry and all his henchmen
are standing around with their pinstripes.
So it's...
They gave me a look like I had just the kidnets crushed their baby
under a mack truck.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Hey, all I did was say you guys sucked.
And it's interesting that you think it's just a coincidence that when they left,
when John Henry bailed out with the Boston that the Marlins won the World Series,
huh?
Before he did.
Maybe he's just a winner.
You think so?
No.
Look, a step on his aspect.
That'd be a good pull question in one day.
Shrimpotes that you can't stand.
Maddie Bell, John Henry.
Who'd you like to step on first?
26 past one at five, 60 WQ Amics said most wonderful tragedy.
Or unless, of course, you hate crowded malls, long wrenches,
your lines, parking hassles, all of these things.
Make your gift giving a little easier for you and your loved ones.
Give them a dollar-matchers gift certificate this year.
When you call 1-800-matchers, you can order a dollar-matchers gift certificate
and any denomination and a new bed makes a sensational gift
that'll last for years.
And right now, when you call a dollar-matchers,
at 1-800-matchers, they'll save an additional 20% on select models
while supplies last.
And as always, we're talking to big names in the business folks.
We're talking, Seely, Sir, Do Simons, King Coral, Sterns,
and Foster, Hewitt and Temperpedec II.
When you call 1-800-matchers, you'll get same-day delivery.
You still get to pick that two-hour window today in time for a little bit
to fit your schedule when it's convenient for you and that's why
a dollar-matchers continues to be mighty proud of their on-time record,
99.7% of the time.
Now, the mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau,
Local Torch of Excellence Award.
I've been using them for years.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do.
Just sit there on your fat ass, pick up the phone, and make that call.
Before those guests arrive, call 1-800-MATRUS
or log onto their website, mattress.com.
Dial a mattress at 1-800-MATR-R-E-S.
The Puehels needs a meal, Rogers.
Correct. 5-6-E-C-U-A-M.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boikings.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
Well, he's got my time.
But that's all right with me, because it was sprayed with battered wine.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while they're soaking all of my wine.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while they're soaking all of my wine.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They can't be scared at all I got.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They busted me in a parking lot.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while they're soaking all of my wine.
27.02.05.60 W.D.C.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
Well, the Apprentice was places to eat preparation.
The Apprentice was places to eat preparation.
The Apprentice's food.
All came together.
All his stuff went down to the kitchen.
He wanted to talk to the 好後全是生 distance
Not a big year for life, myers by the way.
He'll be back.
Now he's life is you danger.
You better die, die, die, die, die, die.
Know how to stalker.
I'll drive.
You better die, die, die, die, die, die.
Know how to stalker.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' hit, Cluzenly, on 516.
We're all by.
Freedom and safe cheese.
Rookie Williams and he died.
To football.
A wicket of candy to this.
I want a stroke of your legs.
And slip your crack with my grisinoes.
Rackum.
I'll drive.
Rackum.
I'll drive.
Rackum.
16-0-2.
I missed a photo.
I was wondering if he could show it again.
Possibly post and remove one of the other photos.
That's the most amazing thing.
Britney is still got zero.
None.
How is that possible?
I don't know.
I mean, Paris Hilton is got what?
She's got going one to look.
She's got 27 votes.
And Britney's got, I mean, what is with you people, huh?
And what do they got that fag eye for the supposedly straight guy?
And what do they got to put that kind of crap on?
You guys are like, your nose out of joint.
Just like Paris.
It says, I missed it.
Possibly post, they remove one of the other photos.
It's not for a while.
Like the swimmer and the big, milky boobs.
Oh, you're not something that's a good idea.
Let's do that while George is away.
What a remove the photo.
Yeah, let's take the swimmer one.
And replace it with a Britney one we had yesterday.
With the yesterday?
Yeah.
Two days ago we had Carmen Leclery yesterday.
Yeah.
Do Gistau.
Yeah, that was a fine picture.
Now, maybe you'd have to inspire a few hosts for Britney over the weekend.
Because even though there were no like booby shots, I mean, she had all her clothes on.
It was a fine photo back.
And of course, that was when she was a little younger and more pristine, a little more clean.
Right?
Good for a queen.
As opposed to now like Shuffle and Barefoot in a witty room in some dumpy old gas station
with some slime ball husband of the week, right?
She's just following on the bad times.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, no wonder you're doing here.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, yes.
Oh, yeah, what's it supposed to be?
Speaking.
Oh, hi.
I've had an idea for your website, to go to Riley.
Right.
I thought maybe we could put up a big card in the light of the holidays, saying happy holidays,
and try and have everybody find it, and try to find out why he is so damn angry.
And if we can cure him.
No, I don't think so.
Because I don't care about Bill or Riley.
You know, there's one of those talk show groupies again who's obsessed with, I don't care about Bill or Riley.
I mean, he's obviously a phony and a perv and all these other things.
But who cares?
Let me tell you about Bill or Riley.
He's radio ratings in the South Florida market.
Okay, he's got a point last, the trend he had a point.
Let me say it again.
Point 0.
Yeah, zero.
He doesn't even make the needle move on the Richter scale.
So it's people like you, lady, that keep screaming about Bill or Riley.
And nobody cares about Bill or Riley, except the right wing nuts were transfixed to Fox News all day.
And I use the word News loosely.
Those are the only ones.
Anybody with a brain sees through Bill or Riley, looking through a pan of glass.
He is a pain with nobody cares.
Do we agree on that?
Oh, yeah, we're going to get like a greeting card.
For Bill or Riley, we're going to get out of here, lady.
Like I said, there was female callers, man.
Maybe that's a New Year's resolution for next year.
Maybe we can get through the entire year, you think?
Without callers, period.
No, no, without a female car.
No, we already tried that other deal you're talking about for seven months.
And of course, you just love that.
Oh, you have no idea.
Oh, speaking of that, let me read a story.
Oh, excuse me, Bill.
But you know something, I survived it.
Seven months, man.
It's one of the great miracles in this year radio.
Nobody knows about it.
It's one of the least talked about things.
Seven months of a talk show without a phone call.
That of course was back when they screwed us over the first time,
but that nine to one stuff didn't work out too well.
But nevertheless, we used to get in like a yanked around.
The longer an immigrant lives in the US, the more likely there are to be obese.
According to a study in December 15th, issue of JAMA.
Since the 80s, the US population has become more obese.
Well, we know that, however, little information is available about the prevalence of obesity among immigrants.
The fastest growing segment of the US population currently comprising more than 11% of the population.
And even larger, proportion of many minority groups, immigrants generally originate from countries where the prevalence of obesity is lower than that of the US, which is almost anywhere.
But adopting US norms over time may lead to an increasing prevalence of obesity.
See, this whole thing, this is one of these studies.
You know, what do you like to have in a Swiss bank account somewhere just a fraction of the money, like maybe 2% of the money they got for all these stupid ass studies to do, to figure out things that we already know.
Right?
Yeah, that would be nice.
Yeah, like if somebody comes here from Norway,
for example, or pick any place from Denmark, and they're here a few years, oh, they're going to get fat.
Well, guess what? That's because they're eating the crap that they are arrested Americans are eating.
Jesus, you people with a journaled American Medical Association.
Much he do something about celebrates, and about Pfizer, and all these other grave robbers that are out there killing the American public with these dangerous pills, their puppet, all over the freaking place, huh?
Instead of writing studies about, oh, guess what? If you're in America too long, you've got to get fat. Wow.
And people are getting paid to do crap like that.
Was your tax dollars, by the way?
Okay, let's just promote these two big deals we got tomorrow, right?
Go for it.
Join QM tomorrow.
I want to make sure because you're there, and you get very upset if we don't read all these promos all the time.
For sure.
Join QM tomorrow afternoon, noon to two at Koch on a Creek, Mitsubishi at 49.50 North State Road 7, stop by for prizes, and that fabulous, those fat-billed sandwiches from the Latin-city subs that I really miss very badly.
They're only a very small number of things I miss about being in South Florida all year round, and that's one of more of those greasy, fat-billed sandwiches that are great.
All set of our noon to two, George will be a Bill Sitals Mitsubishi located in Bill Sitals, Boulevard of Savings on, Northwest 36 reaches, what's the 27th Avenue Miami Hill, have prizes, and more food from Jason and the wonderful people at Latin-city subs, where they make the difference.
Okay, Michael Moore's reads today, Magic Plateau, look at this.
The person of the year in 2004, Time Magazine is going to say Bush this weekend on Monday when they come out Sunday, whenever.
Michael Moore tweeted, the Bush Meister only 67.
Howard Dean 39, Barack Obama 31, Paris Hilton, that's skanky needle nose bitches got 27.
She got a lot early, remember that? And then all of a sudden it's kind of leveled off.
A Spudden's Bob Squarepants is right on Paris's ass with 23, Howard Stern 20, John Stuart 17, Ken Jennings 16, Pat Tillman 14, Ricky Williams has got a dozen, Dave Shapelle 11, Mohawar David had nine, and he's tied with Shaq.
A John Kiri 9, Dave Wants that Scott 9, what a job Dave, I guess that's because he finally said goodbye, farewell to the Wants that era.
Avril Lavigne's got eight, he's right on Dave's ass, Donald Trump 8, Lance Armstrong 4, Bubba's got 4, Britney Spears, oh look at that finally, that must be the sympathy vote, right?
That must be because I questioned the masculinity of this audience out there, they all act like they're gay.
Britney's got four, Kurt Schilling four, Arnold's got three, and none yet, none zero for Mel Gibson, Gildi, Gildi is shut out so far, Janet Jackson, Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, and they still wait under on the bottom where he belongs, Gary Bettman.
Just to piss you off, I think she's tied with Mohawar David, Dave Wants that, Donald Trump, and even how do you like that for a good company, huh? You go girl.
Anyway, speaking of a good company, so the deal is I just, I just, a recent idea here for two more years at QAM.
I'm your client, Dave. No, I thought you were going to say, are you out of your mind, are you a crazy person?
Hey, listen, anybody can go to like these other things and start swearing and like, you know, but it takes a lot more stupidity, I mean a lot more something.
You did two more years? A lot more, what? You did two more years? Yes, sweet. So that means four, four more years, if Bush can do it, why can't I do it?
I didn't even have to do it anymore.
I'd probably move a couple of them. I mean, I saved a lot of people's job for another four years. How do you like that?
That's the most important thing. The old man, the old man is feeble as he is. He is. He is what he used to be, the old man, but he still got all these klingons man hanging out of his boots straps on a week's cheese.
That's the one you're on. I think you're important. I don't know what you mean.
We're new.
Michael Moore is the man of the year. Bye, bye, bye.
