Friday, you bastard!
What's Gary doing tonight?
And who are you guys? What's in that?
That's why, inquiring minds, read the Miami Hero.
Is Maurice Fere really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the hero!
Is Paula Hockens the true mother of the elephant van?
It's in the hero!
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Matt's headroom?
It's in the hero!
Is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry Paul Velt's baby?
It's in the hero!
Sex, sex, sex, more!
Hock, sex!
Oh, it's in the hero!
Plus, Gary Hart's amazing right style from Florida.
A crossword puzzle that has no answers.
Our own Pulitzer Pises just for us!
I've helped you, Latter-Saniel Rogers!
And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day.
Mindless, family rhetoric!
It's all in the latest issue of the Miami Hero!
Unbailable at Supermarket checkout counters everywhere!
And where Final Minuer is spread.
Oh, man, you can say that again.
Too bad we can't play the song effects, huh?
Well, you know what I mean?
We can play the song.
Yeah.
You call that a freaking newspaper?
I don't.
I call the Miami Hero a newspaper.
What I'm hearing the room around the building this morning is that even the South Florida fish...
No, seriously, they banded together and they said that they refused to be rat in the Miami Hero.
Sunset and all, eh...
Maybe.
New times.
New times.
Eh.
Okay, city length, well, but the hero, no way.
No way, Jose.
I mean, it's one thing to be stupid.
But this thing in the business sector in the hero today has got to be the worst article in a major market newspaper in history.
The opposite of truth.
There is virtually nothing in this article by Howard Cohen.
Oh!
That even comes close to being true.
I see Barry Jackass has got another nice puff piece that he goes to wrote for Greg Reed in the, uh, Sunset in the hero today.
But I mean, this thing, what we'll get into it.
Because I made do the whole show on the hero today.
I'm so nauseated and revolted.
And you wonder, and then we got this thing with a nightline.
And would sink their broadcast group, tunnel their seven stations, uh, ABC stations.
Well, you're not going to broadcast that thing tonight where Ted Coppill is going to read the names of all those dead soldiers.
And you wonder why I ran rave about the media and the fact that the American public doesn't get very much of the truth.
You've got to be smitten me, man.
And by the way, speaking of that, you just lean real close to that button era, Josh.
Just hit on it.
Every now and again.
Yeah, every when you feel like it.
Just put your eye on it.
What did that, dump it out, soldier boy.
Would be talking to Dave Johnson at 11 o'clock about tomorrow's Kentucky Derby.
I got my horse.
It's a Canadian thing.
You know, I see one horses out, Wimbledon's out.
Wimbledon's for tennis anyway, not horse racing, right?
But anyway, we'll talk today a little bit later on about tomorrow's KY Derby.
Let's see, here's the results before we do anything else of the button.
Just don't get all panicky now.
Okay, mister, don't start lugging the swelled head.
First, he started, no, certainly, first, he started talking through his teeth, which was a bad sign.
Even though he's got the brain of a team.
So this, cool it.
Just ease into it.
Gradually don't start pretend to be Mr. Expert.
Which of these people best fits the description of the ultimate redneck we asked yesterday?
George W. Bush wins hands down, 364.
Nice piece.
Thanks to the guy that called in.
Give us the heads up on front line last night on PBS.
Right.
I mean, it wasn't assimilating anything like that about Bush and his born again, fanaticism department of health and human services, labor department and the department of justice.
As he had done in Texas, he ordered these agencies to actively encourage faith-based groups to apply for money.
Great. So we all know all about that already.
But I just, you know, I watched it.
I taped it. I'm not going to play it.
About the fact that our president's a fanatical born again, not job, which he is.
264 cities, the ultimate redneck, Bobby Boudne 115, a distant second, but pretty good showing Toby Keith 94, Jeff Bosphor the at 69.
John Rocker 60, Jesse Helms 48, Daniel Carver 48, Steve Spurrius had 44, Terry Branchaw 43, Terry Boudne also 43, should have been a lot better than that.
I just don't think as many people know about him as good old Bobby Boudne and they just hate FSU anyway.
So they just, they just pick it on poor Bobby where it's Terry Dips are out his finger way up inside at an hospital man.
He can scratch the inside of his head.
He can from the inside Richard Petty 40, they are in hard junior 40.
Stone Cold Steve Austin 39, Strom Thurmond and Ted Nugeneed had each had 37, a lot of similarity there.
Tonya Harding 35, she moved up nicely. Hank Williams, junior 29, Billy Carter 28, he was a real bat, sir.
Billy Bob Thornton 27, David Duke 26, Billy Ray Cyrus 25, Charlie Daniels 23, John S. Croft had 22.
James Carvill 16, nice here to John Dele 15, Willie Nelson 15, Jerry Glanville, the black outfit at 114.
Sonny Fox a dozen, that's amazing in it.
Sonny's probably happy, there's a dozen people know who he is.
Daryl Waldtrup and Timothy McVeigh tend to piece, Jeremy Shachy 7, Jimmy Johnson 7, we got a shot Jimmy.
Bumphill of 6, Carl Malone at 6, Dolly Parton 5, I'm a s...
Oh man, the I'm a man at 5, Bill Frist at 5.
We're like to spend his evenings first in the night away.
Watch it, Ross Perot 5, Wayne LaPierre, Jr.
Yeah, he's reaching forward, all right, to bed at 8th of button.
Charlie Pride and EGRIP at each head, four, Jimmy Carter, Jerry Jones, Reeva McIntyre 3, a piece, Art Modell 3, Jimmy Buffett 3.
Art Modell? How did Art Modell get on this poll?
I only did was say, we're talking about bad sports owners and Josh puts Art Modell out there.
Right, so be careful what you say.
Jimmy Buffett 3, Marge Shachy's dead 2, Ted Szynski 2, Zach Thomas 2, one for Chris Collinsworth, Roy Clark, Matthew McGonaghey, Randy Johnson, and no votes out of over 1,500.
The big, or Sam O'Lietten Glen Campbell, how could Glen Campbell have none? I put him on there.
They just wanted to piss me off.
But didn't work, Harold did it though.
No, no, no, before we get into that, let me just do two things.
All right, because I want to spend at least the 20, 30 hours on this today.
How could a major market newspaper put such garbage such swill in its newspaper?
Big 106, not hurt by shock, shock loss.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, this has got to be the dumbest.
You could understand this maybe like in the weekly reader, you know, maybe like in a grade school newspaper.
Did you ever make, as probably before your time, we used to like print stuff on gelatin?
On gelatin?
Yeah, you never know that.
Make copies.
Oh, we made lithographs.
We do it a carved stuff out and make prints.
No, but this was on gelatin.
No.
When I was a kid, that's the way I used to make copies of stuff.
We didn't have like printers, you know, copies.
Right, no.
So I used to have like a gelatin and you have like purple ink.
I don't know the whole thing.
We made copies that way.
Even those of us kids who used to do that never printed such garbage as the Mime Hill does on a regular basis.
You people are evil man.
You're the antichristos.
You're the antichristpes.
You are just brutal.
The swill that you put in your newspaper.
And evidently, they must be jumping into bed with cheap channel.
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah, it looks like it.
You see, we got the hero that takes on the one hand, they do at the Burry Jackass column.
He's the mouthpiece for Greg Reed.
And then evidently, in the business section, they're the mouthpieces for a clear channel.
And while we get to a first behind-the-beaten curtain today, we've got Elizabeth Grayson.
It was born April 3rd, 1960, which makes her last time I check 44, old lady.
Born in Ozark, Arkansas, her real name was Elizabeth Ward.
That kind of interesting.
Not real interesting, but kind of interesting.
You change your name from Elizabeth Ward, which is kind of easy rolls right off your tongue.
Right.
To Elizabeth Grayson, which I don't know about that.
I know Mark Grace.
Remember Charlie Gracie.
Grace.
Grace Land.
Anyway, she's been all over the place.
Interesting to you, maybe five days ago, as of April 25th.
She dismissed her agent, was giving up acting in order to pursue her interest in creating visual arts.
She's earned a BFA for studying for an MFA.
Oh, you better not have to up MFA, we don't know what the MFA stands for.
And I mean, watch it.
Careful.
Get your finger right near it.
Let's see, she was in Highlander.
That's what she's famous for.
Amanda in the Highlander.
About a whole bunch of those.
Dr. D. Man.
Murder, she wrote Queen of Swords, Charmed, the Vampire Queen, Bite Me.
I got it was the name of that episode.
I don't think we can say that.
I did.
What?
Her.
A better.
Shaken, a fat man, the incredible Hulk, Fortune Hunter, the Twilight Zone, Night of the Week 1985.
She's been around.
Past the ammo, three foot of road, Sydney, a Sheldon, Sans of Time, the strange case of Tom Jicke and David Hyde.
Final mission.
83 hours to last.
Who are all of these things?
So there is Elizabeth Grayson behind the beard curtain off.
The way things are going right now, you better be dang sure that you've got several pieces of ID.
You passed for over the age of 47.
And you've got several people to vouch for you too, because otherwise John Ascroft, not only will his BDIs start rolling around on the page there.
But he'll hand his hand.
I should come out and grab you around the neck.
Kind of like what Gwen was new to Teresa on the page.
What you'll see that today.
I'm sure you'll be watching it.
Oh, yeah.
Now, I better do the break, because once I get started, here's today's pool.
Okay?
Once I get started on the hero, I might just bust a gun.
Here's the pool today on Theorages.com.
Which, and somebody suggested this yesterday.
Don't blame me if you don't like.
Oh, gee, that's really another silly one.
And by the way, for that, the JJ and Pembroke Pines that sent us that bitchy facts that wasn't Monday or Tuesday morning, earlier in the week.
I thought, well, the show just ain't the same anymore.
And you're doing all this other crap.
We sure as hell kicked some serious ass yesterday.
We still don't know if we're number one or number two in the day, because we got that CMQ FM that Gerardo Schwartz, whatever his name is on there.
The year most Schwartz.
Right.
Albertis.
Whatever your name is.
And we did just fine.
Okay, we zoomed up two points between the fall when the, you know, and this book is no prize.
Just because we did well.
I'm gonna say, oh, this was a very scientific rating book.
You know, and crap is what it was.
Power 96 is number one in the afternoon, person's 2554.
That's what they went from 15th to first, based on what?
That's not even their target demographic.
Oh, excuse me, percent demographic, because the people of the hero have no idea what that means.
Seriously, you are Howard Cohen, whoever you are at the Miami Hero.
You are the ultimate jack hole.
That's what you are.
You're just, you're shameless.
You're beyond belief.
At least if you're gonna write something in the business section or any other section, except the funny pages, have some idea what you're writing about.
I bet you this guy don't even own a radio.
And the big story out of the South Florida ratings yesterday, the big story was big.
106, taking a gigantic dump after stirring up, taking off by a cheap channel.
And he writes with a headline, big 106 not hurt by shock-jock laws.
It is unconscionable. It's idiotic. It's shameful. It's disgraceful.
That you people keep lying to the public.
First of all, it was about the metro rail.
And then it's about something else.
And just lying and lying in poor Max Castro, you dump his ass because he told too much of the truth.
They don't like people who tell the truth. That's why they hate me like poison.
They can't stand the truth.
We have to stand Jack Nicholson over there straight in their ass out.
Which of these people has the worst looking here real or fake?
And we're not really saying dead or alive. I guess we could put Howard Kosoel on there to make Dave Johnson happen.
Sure.
Howard Kosoel. Put him on there too.
More Howard David, then here's my short list.
Dennis Kosoenich, Sam Donaldson, Donald Trump, and Howard Kosoel.
That's the first five. The worst looking here.
Real imaginary, make believe, muskrat.
Absolutely.
All of these things.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQA.
And think about this for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations.
That means beating the competition on every dimension.
That's why Donald MacPris is so big. They've been doing it in South Florida for over 12 years.
When you call 1-800 MacPris, you'll get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything.
Donald MacPris won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch award for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an act of the sale.
When you call 1-800 MacPris and speak with one of their expert betting consultants, you can rest assured to getting the best possible MacPris anywhere.
Choose from all the top names. They got him Ceely, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Temporpetic, and Sterns of Atlanta.
And one 800 MacPris, you'll discover there's never enough to charge for same-day delivery.
Either Donald MacPris takes same-day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers.
Don't forget, when you call 1-800 MacPris, you pick the date into our delivery window when you want MacPris delivered. What is convenient for you?
They're proud of their delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time.
I'm one of their ziggins who satisfied customers and I guarantee you will be too when you make that easy call.
Just pick up the instrument call 1-800 MacPris or log onto their website at mattress.com.
To highlight this, the easiest piece of shopping we'll ever do, just call 1-800-MATTRES, the easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep for years to come.
Ride in local, Pierce, Force Radio 560, Suez, UAM.
The media is sick and they talk about it.
Thank you, dear.
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Who got the money from his daddy?
And it's, I said, my little bratty.
Whoa, it's an agenda that's frassy.
Whoa, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
No, but they're fill-A.
Oh, my God.
Well, he's a presidential dog who doesn't have to run.
No one else is on a wedding.
I didn't smell just food right in.
Sing higher, sing higher, sing higher, sing higher.
He has the golden spoon.
He was born with something's ass.
So look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the death.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, he'll give our civil rights to Wavy.
Whoa, I see the telehazzy Nazi.
Love of FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very patchy spews.
Who never played a dude by the spirit will all be screwed.
Sing higher, sing higher, sing higher.
Any smart who win that race against Buddy would pay.
Why do you think they call it Gilbert?
Victoria Lanny Ray.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Whoa, he'll make the KKK happy.
Whoa, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
No, but FLA.
Oh, great, bruh.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, NATO.
Come on, let's go watch a book of loo-step, what do you say?
1018 at 560 WDQ.
Anyway, here's the story I'm referring to in a business section of the Miami Fish Rapper.
Miami Herald, the worst newspaper that pretends to be a major market newspaper in the history of the United States.
Is there any question about it?
No.
No.
Piece of garbage.
And they have no shame.
Who was it was at Jim DeFeedy that wrote that article several months ago and he basically said,
Well, gee, we used to be pretty good at the Herald, but now we can't afford it anymore.
With all these budget cup backs, we really suck.
Well, you're right on target about that, Jim.
You suck.
Okay?
Business section, Miami Herald April 30th, 2004, a day that will live in Infamy.
Headline says, Big 106 not hurt by shock-jock laws.
Howard Cohen writes.
Big 106 is sudden replacement of the controversial, but popular shock-jock Howard Stern apparently had little impact on the radio station's most recent ratings.
In the three-month period ended March 31st, the ranking of WBGG105.9 AFM, aka Big 106, fell from 21st to 22nd overall ratings in the demographic of 12 and above.
The latest arbitron figures released Thursday show.
That's the only number he's gotten here that's active.
And of course, it doesn't mean anything because nobody cares about 12 plus.
But anyway, he goes on to say, and here, I mean, if you're going to lie, don't just make up numbers, you jack hole.
In morning drive time hours, however, when Stern's show aired, the station maintained its number 17 position.
Most of the tracking period included Stern's show except for March.
Well, of course, since it's only three months, that's a third of the book March.
You idiot. You jack hole you.
The full effect of Stern's departure in late February will likely be felt in the next quarter's tracking period.
Superball fallout in the wake of Janet Jackson's beard breast swept stern off the air at Clear Channel Communications own stations across the country, including Big 106.
On February 25th, the station's Fox Stern's talk show for the airing of off-play classic rock cuts from Lice of Led Zeppelin, ACDC, and Pink Floyd.
Then it goes on about CMQ FM did this and Power 96 did that and bought about very briefly into that.
We don't get a mention because we don't do 12 plus and nobody cares about 12 plus except Howard Cohen.
Let's go back to that one paragraph about where he says the station maintained its number 17 position in morning drive.
Well, let me just tell you right now.
Right in my hand, not just because somebody called and made up a bunch of numbers, but here it is right from Arbatron, OK?
Monday through Friday, 6 to 10 a.m. persons 12 plus.
Again, a demo we really don't care about but nevertheless that's what he's talking about.
In the fall book WBGG had a 4.3 share, they were number four.
Where he gets to 17, I don't know because they would never number 17 either one, 12 plus.
So I guess he just picked the number and stuck with it.
Number four in the fall in the winner book, they went from a 4.3 down to a 2.7 from 4 to 18 in 12 plus.
A precipitous drop, their cum dropped 40,000 people.
Their time spent listening dropped 45 minutes.
But don't confuse Howard Cohen with those things because I'm sure he has got no idea what any of that means.
Now for this clown who says, well, they're really effective and all, let's take a look, OK?
Howard Cohen, you idiot, you imbecile, you lightweight, you featherweight, you simpleton, you goofball, you.
You total absolute incompetent.
Do a little bit of homework, is that possible?
No.
No. He just, he just, he just the amount piece I guess for Pete Boulder just like we got Barry Jackass.
The only difference is nobody reads Barry Jackass with a brain, just the sports nerds, OK?
And we already got them all locked up except the third three are going to be listening to Carl Foster.
Hope.
In February, well, let me just go back to the beginning of the year.
Many 18 plus.
6 to 10 a.m. Big 106 had a 7.1 share.
In February, that's the Howard Stern show, 6 to 10, all four hours.
February, they had a 9.9 share.
In March, without Howard Stern, they had a 1.8 share.
Oh my God.
9.9, 1.8.
Does anybody see this picture, OK?
Does anybody need a translator for me to interpret this picture for them, OK boys and girls?
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you the first time.
Say that again.
Dropping off the face of the earth from a 9.9 to a 1.8.
Oh my God.
How do you like that?
What's the notable difference?
No.
Not hurt by shock, jack laws.
You are seriously, this again, in a major market newspaper, not in some like handout that they're handed out on street corners somewhere.
Not in one of those rags where they just put a bunch of ads in there and throw a couple of articles in like,
like the local, uh, Yoko Town reader, whatever they call that crap.
It would have supposed to be a prestigious newspaper.
A pure, little surprise winning mommy home while those days are long gone, OK, you're an industry joke.
You were disgrace.
Here's the fact that it says I was listening to the today show this morning, Katie Kirk,
how tragic was interviewing two investigators about the American torture for Iraqi civilians.
Oh, you saw those videos, I'm sure.
Yeah, I did.
Pretty discussed.
What are they doing?
Like having an orgy there?
They were trying to like, uh, yes and M thing.
They would go back to factory again.
And all of the most always the case.
About the American torture for Iraqi civilians in the same prison of St. Lager, they were torturing the same people.
It's tradition.
We're figure they're used to it.
Right.
There was bitching about breaking down their traditions.
We want them to make, feel uncomfortable.
One method of torture was revealed.
The pictures was attacking the Iraqi's naked in the shape of a pyramid.
Anybody who fell off or shocked with a thumb kind of apparatus thing.
Well, we can't tell you where they put the thumb because then Josh will dump it.
Since we are torturing civilians, have you seen the documented pictures that you see in the start?
Of course, we've all seen it.
We're also handcuffing male civilians forced to wear women's underwear to sell bars.
Right.
We're degrading and humiliating and so on.
Now, what is this?
What is this?
Formal Ohio Congressman Jim Travick.
What's that mean?
Oh, his hairpiece.
Okay.
Well, I'm a little distracted right now.
I got bigger fish to fry.
Put him on there.
All right.
Also, Don King.
It says, how are you?
You got it.
We've only got five facts about Don King.
That kind of, my fingers still stuck in a socket and I can't get it out.
That kind of looked.
Anyway, getting back to this article, this is just so grotesque and so pathetic.
And when the entire spring book comes out, big 106 is going to practically vanish from the face of the radio broadcast map in South Florida.
And whoever put the headline here, obviously this, this was an article with a purpose within agenda.
Because I realized that the people who write the article don't write the headlines, but whoever did write the headline, there was definitely a message in here.
Big 106, not hurt by shock-jock laws.
You should live so long, okay?
I think people ought to be canceling the herald and droves today.
I'm not going to renew it.
In fact, for, you know, nobody being at home, I'm not going to renew it.
They can rot in hell.
I'll see the outgrab on the heralds off the ground there.
That's sitting in the front, you know, those 15, 20 of them that sit around on the floor, that nobody wants to read.
I'll grab on those when I come in one there.
The idea that anybody would pay for a newspaper that just, in accuracy would be one thing.
But that just makes up a bunch of crap, a bunch of lies.
That takes a great journalist like Max Castor off their op-ed page because of the fact that he tells too much of the truth.
And because he doesn't fit in with their pandering agenda, that's all they know about his pandering.
Who are they pandering to here?
I guess, the tea channel, huh?
Yeah.
They go out of business with them, they make a good match.
Sure.
Tea channel in the herald.
A disgrace, an absolute industry disgrace.
There it is.
I can't tell you what I just wiped with it, okay, the herald.
And believe me, it wasn't what you think.
I wouldn't touch myself with it.
No way.
1026 at 560 WQMD.
The best products for weight loss phase of your low-carb diet.
If you run the akin sugar wash, your south beach or any low-carb sugar-free diet, you're going to love this store because it's the number one low-carb store in the U.S. of A.
Now, I want you to listen because many of the new reduced car products on store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs but not really on losing weight.
The L.S.W.S. bookage expertise has always been and continues to be on the weight loss phase of low-carb dieting.
They've got over a thousand products with the focus toward the lowest carbs possible that can all fit into a successful low-carb weight loss plan.
The spring sale at the L.S.W.S. is in full swing so stop on buying and load up on good stuff.
They've got a staff that knows dieting inside and out through open every day, seven days a week, 10 days a week, 10 days a week.
The L.S.W.S. bookage you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market where you can call them toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb.
That's where they W.L.O.W.C.ARB, or on the web, it's lowcarb.com.
Don't forget the L.S.W.S. bookage your official Atkins retail center.
My My- and local. This is 43560.
What is new here?
Mr. President, our polls show the American people are concerned about the gigantic budget deficit.
Yeah, I understand.
Hey, I got an idea. Let's cut taxes.
This man suffers from a serious affliction called DADD, deficit-attention deficit disorder, but he's not alone.
Senator, Senator Perry, what will you do about the budget deficit?
We need to increase taxes, but not quite as much as we increase spending.
Virtually every politician suffers from deficit-attention deficit disorder.
Those affected are enabled to stop spending more money than they're bringing in.
And now, alarmingly, DADD has spread to the general population.
Honey, look at this credit card bill.
You're right. We've got to do something.
Oh, look! Big straight DB's on sale.
Let's go!
Please, give generously to the DADD fund.
And we'll spend more on research than we get in donations because we too suffer from deficit-attention deficit disorder.
Until we find a cure for spending the money you can't afford to send us, we'll be forever in your death.
1032 at 560 WDQAM.
What do we got so far in this pool?
Which of these people has the worst looking here real or fake?
Donald Trump, 55.
More Howard David in 26, San Donald in 23, Don King for, he'll do better than that.
Howard Coastel 2, Dennis Cassin, it's a peer.
And now, yet for Marvel Albert, Gene Keede, I hate don't even know who that is.
Keede, he's a Purdue basketball coach.
Is that how you spell it?
Yeah, Gene Keede.
Keede, DY is Keede?
Yes.
And Marvel Albert, none.
120, I'm going to check that during the break.
Not that I doubt you're spelling, but I think you're full of it.
How would you doubt it?
Because he's usually wrong.
Anyway, 567-0560-050560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'll take a few calls, but I'm just whipped up about this other tip-copy thing too.
It's typical, but I'm talking about.
The media is just brainwashing and dumbing down to public.
The public hasn't got any idea what else is really going on.
And this is what passes for news in America, including the piece of crap the Herald.
I wouldn't wipe your ass with the Herald.
How do you like that?
I wouldn't let you.
And I'm not talking about you.
WQAM, hello.
Let's talk about the use of the Herald.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a dude for your pulse.
Yeah.
How about me and Gene at the answer machine?
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Happy Friday, Uncle Neil.
Back to you.
I would like to add a name to your wonderful poll for today.
Yes, sir.
How about Ted Coppill?
Ted Coppill's got really bad hearing.
I bet you're standing right up straight right now.
It's a raccoon that just happened to have died on his head.
He just wants to be healthy, dude.
He had a frustrated childhood.
Thanks, Pally.
I'm frustrated myself, Uncle Neil.
Take care.
I don't blame him.
Ted Coppill, K-O-P-P-E-L.
Speaking of him, I'm glad he mentioned that.
He's got brutal hair.
I'll tell you another one.
Aaron Brown.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, and of course it's not Brown.
I will say that for him.
It's red, it's black, it's orange, it's all kind of shades and colors.
It's like a chameleon piece.
It's kind of like Moe's a little bit, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Kind of like blackish around the edges and kind of chameleon red.
It's all over.
Aaron Brown.
Plus he sucks anyway.
He's just awful.
He's so winy.
He's the juuliement of journalism.
Of journalism.
Sinclair Broadcast Group has ordered its seven ABC stations not to broadcast Friday's
nightline tonight.
Oh my God.
That will air the names and photos of more than 500 US troops killed in the Iraq war.
In a statement online, and I never even heard of the Sinclair Group.
I know it was a gas station.
I never heard of it.
Did you know that they had the TV stations?
No.
Never heard of them.
We have now.
In a statement online, the Sinclair Group said the nightline program appears to be motivated
by a political agenda designed to undermine the efforts of the United States and Iraq.
Sinclair's decision announced yesterday they'd do a sharp response from ABC News.
We respectfully disagree with Sinclair's decision to print nightlines to be to America's
fallen soldiers, ABC News and the statement.
The nightline broadcasts an expression of respect with simply seeks to monitor those who've
laid down their lives for this country.
The show titled the Fallen Malayra 1135 tonight in it Newsman Ted Kaplan read the names
of the US troops killed in action while their pictures are shown to the viewers.
As of yesterday, 533 US, I don't tell Paul Wolfe, it's his either, he's about 200 short.
You see his testimony today?
He thinks about 300 have died.
He didn't know what he's talking about.
He was just talking about this month.
Oh.
As of yesterday, 533 US troops have been killed in action in the US and the Iraq war.
Another 24 died from non-hostile incident 737.
Sinclair General Counsel Barry Fabre confirmed the company told ABC, if it's not to air tonight's
nightline, we find it contrary to public interest, he said.
ABC said that on 1st anniversary of the 9-11 terrorist attacks at air the names and
pictures of all those who died on that day, ABC News will continue to report on all facets
of the war in Iraq and the war on terrorism and manner consistent with the standards which
ABC News is said for decades, it said.
Sinclair statement said ABC is politicizing the war.
In other words, we're only supposed to show the good stuff that's going on, not the fact
that these dead people are given their lives for a, well, whatever, for whatever it is.
A lie.
Mr. Coppola nightliner hiding behind this so-called tribute in an effort to highlight only one
aspect of the war effort and in doing so, try to influence public opinion against the military action
in the reckless statement said.
Here comes the real interesting part of this story.
According to campaign finance records, top executives had seen clear given more than $8,000
of the Bush-Chainy Relection campaign.
The executives haven't given any donations.
Zero's ability to not one penny to John Kerry or anybody else.
Sinclair owns and operates programs or provides sales services to 62 stations and 39 markets
according to its website.
They're ill antichristoman.
In addition to the 8 ABC outlets and Clare's TV group includes 20 Fox, 19 WB, 6 U.P.,
how come they're not bitching about putting Fox's programming on the air?
That's patriotic.
That's fair and balanced journalism.
Huh?
It reaches approximately 24% of all U.S. television households according to the website.
The group's ABC stations are in Pensacola and Tallahassee, St. Louis, Charleston, West Virginia,
Columbus, Asheville, Winston-Salem North Carolina, and Springfield, Massachusetts.
ABC News will show the tribute live in its large TV screen and Times Square in New York.
I think it's a nice thing that they're doing it long overdue and what do we get?
We get a bunch of bush liquors.
The Sinclair group, oh, we're not gonna let you show that.
We don't, and of course it's 11.35 at night.
So in other words, all the rest of the day when people are actually awake and watching TV,
then we can put all the propaganda on there.
You know, we can keep making excuses and kissing bushes in the Chinese ashes.
That's okay.
What is this thing here now?
This is this phony dot.
Oh, this is cute.
From Aintree, Joe, Joe.
Isn't that amazing how people will take so much time to put out a bunch of crap?
This is Reverend Jones.
Is it there?
Yeah.
No speakers of America.
You did a poll based on who's to be even see it right at the top.
Yeah, that's so weak, so boring, so trying to be funny.
See, one thing about doing this show over the years is one of the worst things I mean the worst.
Is people out there with their faxes, with their phone calls who think they're real funny, real humorous,
and almost always they're not.
You know what I mean?
Kind of like doing that.
Same thing.
People who think they're real hoot and they're not.
You're like him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So there you go.
I read that just as another example of what else is going on in his country and that is managed news.
It's not bad enough that none of the networks give you the real news anyway.
Not one of them has got the cones to really go nuts about this.
Look at here's the new CNN poll.
How is the Bush handling Iraq disapproved 49% of proof 48%?
April of last year, 76% approved 21% disapproved.
What a difference a year makes, huh?
And 737 dead American bodies based on a lie.
Now we don't want you to show that because it's bad for the Bush people.
It's bad for the government.
It's bad for businesses.
It's bad for the propaganda war is what they're saying.
And absolute to scrant talk about blatant and brazen, huh?
Yeah.
And then of course keep in mind when the CBS wanted to show the Reagan many serious same thing.
The right winger.
I got to hand it to you folks.
You, uh, you've done it.
We don't have a whole lot of listening to show, but we have some of them monitoring the program if you can.
You're right.
You've done it, man.
You've got it locked stock and bagels.
You, you've just got your hands right on it and you're squeezing real tight.
Really messed up all their plans when Bubba God in their free years.
They did everything under the sun to try to get his ass out of there.
They all day came down close.
It couldn't beat him in election fair and square even unfair because it wasn't close enough to fix it.
So they had to try the impeachment process.
The old stained blue shirt deal.
Penis gave.
So now they're back in here again.
Rob Sveld and Wolfowitz and Richard Perl and the old chaining, the old crowd of Neocons chicken hawks.
And they were doing their thing.
And then that show on last night, um, combined with that article we had yesterday about the Armageddon crowd.
33% of Republicans are in this Armageddon crap.
These born again fundamentalists who can't just wait for that day to be coming.
So we can get on that road to Armageddon.
These Israel lackeys.
Not because of the fact they like the Jews.
They really care about Israel because it's part of the prophecy, baby, for Armageddon.
So that we can make you know if you can't refuse including the Jews, then you're all going to go to hell anyway.
Well, we just, and they talk about the Muslims being crazy with the 72 virginity.
All of that crap.
You will convert or die.
I see.
Sounds like an old story brought back again.
I can look all this is for you.
I see it.
Yeah.
It's the movie.
Everyone is talking about the controversial story of the final days of Donald Trump and his 12th Appalachian, the passion of the Donald.
People, tonight somebody is going to betray.
The passion of the Donald triumphantly chronicles the last forward meeting.
Omarosa, you mean to tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver.
You could have easily gotten three times that much.
Omarosa, you're fired.
The passion of the Donald.
He may be whipped, but he's never defeated.
I've always fantasized about you whipping me.
But if you're going to work for me, you will have to hit a lot harder than that.
Katrina, you're fired.
Don't miss the awe-inspiring conclusion of the passion of the Donald.
When one bless ever predest finally mailed down the job.
Bill Kwame, it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly suite and who goes down to the street.
But to find out, you'll have to endure something far more painful than crucifixion.
A two-hour-life finale.
The passion of the Donald.
If you don't see it.
If you fire it.
Did it?
1046 at 560 WQIM.
130th Kentucky Derby tomorrow.
The K.Y. Derby's coming up.
Dave Johnson be calling at 11 o'clock.
You ready for it?
I'm ready.
This week's National Enquirer.
They finally put some stuff in there.
It's not, I don't know.
Secret evidence that God Jack will indict it.
I'll read that.
Front page, OJ confesses, okay, I did it so what?
And there's a picture of OJ with that angry look on his push.
You know what I really, angry look.
Plus, his lawyer's widow breaks her silence.
You don't say anything.
Kardashian.
She didn't say anything.
The daughter over here is an admit to the murders.
This is out of the one of those.
We think she overheard it and she forgot about it.
But she repressed it and now it's coming back to her.
And maybe he said it.
It's a pretty bizarre.
They're desperate.
They're not too much going on these days.
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through the whole magazine.
Okay.
Well, now that Monica the movie, Newtell All Book will become a show-all film about the affair with press.
Because it's going to be down and dirty.
We can't say down where because then Josh will be leaning on that button over there.
But in any way she's got that movie coming out.
And she wants, she's at least being honest about it.
Now, she wants to make some more cash.
And why the hell not?
He's making plenty of cash.
He's got that book coming out.
Hillary's making big, big bucks.
Right?
Right.
So why can't that bitch that slut Monica makes some cash too?
OJ murder confession.
Daughter sitting out.
We'll get to that eventually, okay?
I wouldn't get too excited about it.
So you know, you always see the picture on the front page in the big headline.
Then you read the inside like, ah, see, that's pretty disappointing.
You let us down, I think.
Maybe they're getting like the hero.
If they don't have anything juicy, they'll just make something up.
Like, hey, look at Big 106.
They're doing just fine without how it's firm, myster.
Which of these people is the worst looking head of hair, real or imagined?
Donald Trump 80 and the worst part of it is it's real.
That's the word that we think.
Moe Howard David at 41.
We know about that piece.
Sam Donaldson 28.
Don King 18.
Jim Traffickant 12.
Oh, that's right.
I'd forgot about him.
It is really.
Woo!
Wow, wild child.
Like he worked at it.
Jean Katie's got three.
Ted Coppill 3.
Marv Albert 2.
Howard Cosell 2.
Dennis Cassinus 2.
And Aaron Brown don't have any other one 91.
How can that be?
Aaron Brown, salute looking cute.
Line 9, QAN.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Neal, I have the number if you want me to tell your listeners for Channel 10 down here in Miami to make sure they do air their channel.
Channel 10 is carrying it, sir.
Channel 10 down here is carrying it?
Yes.
All right, I'll bring a VHS copy for you because maybe you don't get it up there.
Yeah, we do get it from Buffalo and they're carrying it to the thank you.
I mean, I appreciate his efforts and all that.
Let's see, Channel 18 on my cable is, oh wait a minute, wait a minute, oh you wild, I do that.
Just in.
And blankets that one and two in the morning because it was a cold evening by.
Oh my god, Michael arrives at court for the arrangement, Justin.
Are they an embarrassment or what?
Yeah, Justin, everything is breaking news, Justin, breakfast.
Well, there is a WKBW channel AT&T, ABC, and Buffalo.
Or TAKE IT AND HOPE AND FADE.
Oh, they got spots on, right?
Now, we don't want to go into a spot.
Plus, you never know what words come my flirting out on there on ABC station, right?
Something that Josh would have to like, f***, lean over and all over the place.
That's right.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how about a call ravage?
He's got a silly looking wig up there.
Carl ravage?
The guy from the SBN?
Never seen him.
What about it Josh?
I should be asking.
He says, he's so pretty about it.
He said, forget about it.
I don't even know who that is.
I'd have heard of it.
I'm over Bob Savage, Rest in Peace.
And then of course, Michael Savage, who ought to be in pieces.
In order to jick, I took a real good shot there at Michael Savage.
Nice going Tom.
By the way, hey Tom, how about some names?
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I want to be a part?
Yes, sir.
Tom King.
No, kid in Tom King, who's got 21 votes already.
Thank you.
This is my favorite part.
It's amazing how we like, you know, it's like an evolutionary process.
Right.
And my favorite part of the poll now is when somebody calls in like they're all excited.
Hey, I got one.
It's a great one.
And it's, you know, got like 85 votes already.
We should keep count.
See if we can beat our old records and such.
Yeah.
Oh, I think we got a shot.
As Jimmy would say.
By the way, his hearing exactly what you call real.
I mean, it's like, greased down and everything.
But he's got a really bad, bad wig.
Whatever it is.
Is that real?
Jimmy Johnson?
So he says.
I see.
Looks real.
Yeah, he ain't got it.
See what happens.
All right.
In fact, when Motum's on Monday morning, Mot was out the oldest morning.
And he got wind of his numbers from yesterday.
And by doing that, he got wind in the most literal sense.
Oh, oh, oh.
And he's got what Duff said is he thought that maybe most suffered a little nausea after
seeing those numbers.
That's what Duff said.
Okay.
I don't want to create any kind of a problem there.
But I'm just quoting what he told me.
Didn't you hear him say it?
Hear what?
Nausea from seeing those weak morning numbers.
I mean, Howard Stern goes off the air.
We go up two points.
Afternoons go up to number one.
They go up a full point.
And our morning drive show goes down six tenths of a point.
With the big competition there, with the big shot going off the air for a whole month,
you would think they'd go zooming up there if we had anything going there in the morning.
But evidently, we don't.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Hi.
I have somebody for the poll.
Okay.
Okay.
Does it have to be a woman?
Sure.
Okay, Naomi Campbell.
Naomi Campbell's got bad here.
Mm-hmm.
You sure she's just having a bad here day?
She's having a bad here day, her whole life.
Okay.
And, oh, and you asked for me yesterday?
I asked for you?
Yes.
And?
Babooey.
Babooey.
Babooey.
Oh, okay.
5670560.
Well, I've got to go somewhere.
You know, they're looking for a place to land.
Uh-huh.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How about Bill Cable?
Bill Cable.
Oh, she's got a bad piece.
Yeah, what the hell is that thing?
It's alive.
I know that.
All right, thanks.
Thanks, pal.
We'll see you.
Yeah, the weather for you from Channel 7, Miss Kamala, she's got a real freaky thing.
I don't know if that's for real or not.
But I wouldn't touch it if I were you.
God only knows where that thing's been.
5670560.
Town 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Take me to how you doing.
How about you?
Good morning, Grant.
Brian Grant from the Miami Heat.
You ever see that mop on his head?
No.
I told you that I have a mop bucket.
Okay, Brian Grant, that's not like Woody to me, didn't it?
Sure did.
Yeah, that's not like Woody.
You can put it on there or not.
If you don't feel like putting on it, it's okay, too, because that was Woody who's a real
jack hole.
We can't stand him.
We'd have spiced him like poison.
And we don't care about the Miami Freaking Heat anywhere on this show.
Do we at all, even a little teeny tiny bit?
No.
I don't care if they win like which they won't.
But we don't care about them.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm on business, Rodman.
Denise Rodman is the magnificent choice.
Thank you so much.
I just pulled it out of the fact machine.
Dennis Rodman.
She pulled him out of the fact machine.
You're a faxer to you, but no, I don't have to.
We'll be sure and change the cartridge with gloves.
Barry Jackass, speaking of Jack holes, Barry Jackass writes ready for a third all sports
station.
This is an article again ghost written by Barry Jacks on behalf of Greg Reed, our general
manager, QAM, who puts all the, he programs all the material at Barry writes in his column
every Friday.
They must have a little chat.
They get together and they have a, maybe they have a chat room.
They sit down.
In fact, maybe the two of them ought to have a chat show.
Mornings would be good because it's certainly be improvement over what we got on here right
now.
Absolutely.
At least in the early part of the morning.
Ready for a third all sports station asks Barry Jackass and today's Harold just filled
with all kinds of crap.
There are a few things we don't particularly need in South Florida.
Yeah, like your column, Barry, that would be a great start.
More late afternoon rainstorms during the summer, for example, or higher gas prices.
Or yes, another sports talk radio station.
This is Barry.
Although nobody is clamoring for it.
Local businessman crawled nine lives foster on Monday, launches the market's third all sports
AM radio gamfest, 14 ever defend.
Unfortunately, most of foster's hosts have the same recognition as your mailman.
Nobody knows who the hell they are and nobody will either because nobody's going to be
listening.
And don't be surprised if South Florida gets a fourth all sports station in the next
few months.
ESPN radio, which passed on doing business with foster is aggressively pursuing another
outlet in the market.
Or in speaking of 14 under the fan, you do realize that that meant this morning was
the last edition of the current incarnation of the normally Kent show.
Right.
I just want to support because he was they were buying that hour form under eight to nine
or whatever.
So no more normally Kent on the radio.
So you see there's something we're going to come out of that.
It says ESPN declines to discuss foster, but undoubtedly covers a stronger signal than
the Broward base, 1400, which has spotty penetration in much of day.
Right.
And much of Broward instead, foster will use programming from sporting news radio also
carried by WQM.
We're not too happy about it and sports by line USA.
Foster is buying airtime on 14 and the most of his expenses being covered by a marketing
firm that purchased 80% of foster's business.
People who buy airtime generally like to hear themselves on a radio and foster is no different
right?
It's very.
Oh, that sounds like a shot.
He's going to have a former Miami stingrays quarterback Anita Marx and James Brown from Fox
NFL and Tom Alexander, then nobody ever heard of and he no costor from Jacksonville,
nobody ever heard of and Arnie Spaniard, Ronnie Bar, then nobody ever heard of and on
and on a coast.
And Perry says we've been this through this before 1700 to fan and it's a we've been
through this silliness before is what Perry said.
And if anybody knows silly, I'm going to go.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Tomorrow the 130th running of the Kentucky Derby not got a guy in the phone right now is
called at least 100 of them.
Did you?
Did you regret it?
I'm a little old, but no.
I don't regret it.
How about you?
How about 135 Dave Johnson is what is David calling the Derby to
Marthor is no Derby unless Dave can call it.
So you're going to have to live forever.
I guess is what it is.
Now you don't even have to ask me which horse I like do you because I'm sitting here in
Toronto and we got the Toronto connection.
Who do you like?
Smarty Jones.
I like smarty Jones too.
Oh no, that's bad.
Oh, this is an incredible story.
I got a front page story from yesterday's national post, which is a whole horrible
newspaper, by the way, I'm sure you know.
But anyway, about it says murder, injury and the terminal illness near fatal looming
and all these things in her past can't keep smarty Jones from being undefeated maybe
when in the Derby.
It's an incredible story.
And Stuart Elliott and Wingland Jockey who used to be at Hylia every now and then in
its dying days.
Still be an overnight sensation.
You think?
Well, I mean, he's only, you know, worked his ass off in the business for years.
I heard we got it.
We got it cautioned Dave.
I mean, we can say ass, but let's not go a little bit beyond that because in the present
climate, since we talked to last, we're rapidly losing our ability to say about 90% of what
we said in the past.
You know, we're going to stand out of the new regime we have in Washington now.
We have to be very, very cautious.
So you've reached your quota.
You could say, ass once and now beyond your best behavior.
OK, I'll be honest.
He's worked very hard in the business.
Watch your ass.
He's worked very hard in the business for 30 years and he'll be an overnight sensation.
He's won 3,000 races and this could be one more.
I mean, reading this story about how he smashed his head in the starting gate and he thought
he was going to die.
I mean, this is an unbelievable story.
He's talking about the horse now, not the jockey.
Not the jockey, you know, he collapsed unconscious.
He reared in the gate, smashing his head into an iron bar collapsed unconscious, his head
tucked between his forelegs and his right eyeball driven into his skull with blood pouring
from his nostrils.
I mean, this is amazing and I was undefeated.
And he could easily get to the front probably halfway through and just run away.
Yeah, you think?
Well, he was a very good two-year-old too, Neil.
I mean, he ran some numbers that were they knew right away that this was a freakish horse.
And I say that, you know, just like Gruffian was a freak, this horse is just faster than
his contemporaries.
You know, it's probably just as well with the current climate that's going on at Bob
the back for a tour, it's got the scratch Wimbledon.
Yeah.
Because, you know, if he were to with one and you know what he, what he does when he gets
up there, especially with you guys up back to the race, he has a tendency to unleash a
few exploits too.
So it's good that Bob's not in a race.
I'm on the radio now, Neil.
I don't do the TV anymore.
Yeah, you didn't have to remind us, we, I love radio.
But we're delighted to have you on the radio because quite frankly, radio is becoming an
anachronism very much left on radio in a more so we're delighted to still have you.
I love it.
So who else do you like to hook Smarty Jones up with him, Rodney?
Well, how about the gray horse Kappa coming from behind, you know, in the stretch of
I don't think you can say that.
I don't think you can say the name of that horse.
Kappa?
Oh, okay.
Kappa, that's always going to take.
Okay.
Because I like the name.
Well, that's my, my second choice.
Who's your second choice?
But we will throw Smarty Jones out and then you and I have to have our side bet here.
No, I'm going to pick imperialism, came to Sermon.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
What do you say that?
He's not fast enough.
Okay, well, he could surprise you.
You know, all the surprises come in the Derby every year.
Yes, they really could.
So I'm hooking up Smarty Jones with imperialism.
I just think the Sormos are good.
Ella Mahunos.
You know, yes, see, I would be glad if I say I followed, you know, real closely.
But the Smarty Jones story is very big up here in Canada.
And since you agree, and since he had such a great two-year-old season, he might be
the one.
Now, did you watch any of the races in Florida?
There's this horse, Reed the Footnote.
So I just saw on television, but he ran a couple big races down.
Robbie Elborado.
Is that it?
Is that bad?
No, it's not bad.
It's good.
Yeah.
I mean, if he did it before, if Reed the Footnote ran the big ones before, why couldn't
he?
Well, let's see, if we go till noon, I mean, I'll give you a chance.
You could probably pick there's a 19 horse fielder.
You could probably pick six or seven more if you're going here.
Well, that's my trifecta though.
OK.
Smarty Jones, Caput and Reed the Footnote.
OK.
I got Smarty Jones in parallelism, and I'll throw Reed the Footnote in there too, just to make
you feel better.
Thank you, Neil.
I appreciate it.
OK.
Well, listen, have a great call tomorrow as you always do.
You may be pleased to know our pool days about people with bad looking here in your close
personal friend, Delayed.
How would Coast Cell is doing just fine?
Hey, I saw Hank Goldberg.
He said the things are very well at the station and things are good.
Things are fine.
Things are from 10 a.m. till 7 p.m. things are just going swimmingly well.
Well, now, in the early morning hours, your good friend Mohawar David, who refers to this
race by the way is the KY Derby.
I just thought I passed that along to you.
Mohaw is having a few problems, but they were trying to straighten him out.
OK.
Have a great day tomorrow day.
We'll look forward and we'll talk to you at Precise time.
That's the lucky old talk to you at the Precise.
Take care.
Dave Johnson.
Trent Lot for the pool.
What do you say?
Absolutely.
It says, Seaghal is here.
Looks just like a helmet.
So what did they say said, tap it?
Now did you dump it or you tap it?
I tap it twice.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Let's see.
Mr. Mark, somebody wrote this.
Says, just wanted your listeners to know you can catch a two minute video on the BVC
website.
BVC.co.uk that shows the Iraqi prisoner abuse.
What factory it says and so you are absolutely correct.
Right on it.
Amazing.
5.6705.60.
So how do you like that?
Dave Johnson and I both like Smarty Jones, which is quite a story that was nearly died.
5.6705.60.
Let's take a call online 5.
QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got a name for your poll.
Yes, sir.
I've been running out of my car all morning.
So don't jump.
Jump on me now.
He's on there already, but I don't think he is a good one.
Matt Lauer.
Matt Lauer's got brutal hair.
Good choice.
And he's not on there.
You'll be pleased to know.
Thanks, pal.
Matt Lauer, you got it?
We got it.
Which of these people has got the worst looking hair real or imaginary?
Dead or alive?
Donald Trump 114.
I don't think they're going to touch the Donald because they don't want to surprise you
a little bit.
We'll see more people will be voting for Mo but they ain't seen him yet.
They haven't seen that thing.
Mo Howard David at 50.
Sam Donaldson 34, Don King 33, Jim Traffick at 21, Jean Katie 8, Mar of Albert 6,
Ted Coppill 6, Howard Cosell 4, Dennis Cousin, it's 4, Brian Grant has got 1, Dennis Robinson
1, Aaron Brown, Del Camarol, they don't have either one yet.
Aaron Brown don't have any, and Miss Camarol, she don't have any either.
This is what we're hearing.
Anyway, can't say.
Tap it.
Let's see, you're sending me some interesting blank faxes.
There's some blank pages.
It's pretty great.
Really?
Yeah.
Like two out of the last three pages, I would say.
That's bizarre.
Yeah, this last one that says page 1 out of 3, I hope the other two don't come true
because they'll probably be blank too.
WDQA and Hello.
Stop the polls, please.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Neal.
How about Candeliza?
Candeliza's got nasty looking here and the rest of her two to go along with it.
What we haven't heard from the whisperer in a few days there, huh?
It must be having trouble getting through.
Or maybe he's just looking for a life, you know.
I have no life.
So is this anything important that you just fashed me or was this a-
What's the stuff I'm trying again here?
Okay, try it again.
I got plenty of paper.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless lines, simple broadcasting and the Miami hero.
What do they have in common?
They suck.
That's what they have in common.
Twist them, manipulate and want to brainwash the public.
And then these people just blatantly.
I mean, at least the hero didn't come out and put it on the front page of the front
section.
Hey, we're going to give you a bogus report about the ratings and about Big 106 and
about Howard Spurm.
They didn't do that.
But St. Clair just basically comes right up front and says, hey, guess what?
You can't carry it.
We're prohibiting any of our affiliates to carry it because we don't want to be in
a like the message.
It's bad for business.
WQAAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
For your poll.
How about any jig with cornrows?
Cute.
56670560, all we did have a point.
I'm 560 on the AT&T Infraurison wireless line.
One of your people I should point out.
It was?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
No question about it.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
I know it.
WQAAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Brian Andrews at Channel 7.
How are you?
Hey, Brian.
How you doing, Brian?
At Channel 4.
I mean, Channel 7.
How are you?
Today's my last day.
I just wanted to call and say thank you for nine years.
Busting my chops on the air and all of a sudden.
And that's a question.
Bless you.
Bless you.
You're not a man on this town until you've been ripped by Neil Rogers.
Hey, boy.
What's that in your mouth?
We're talking about women.
So you're going over to Channel 4 to do what, Brian?
The same thing we're doing at 7?
Actually, I'm leaving in two weeks for CBS News in New York.
I'm going to work.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, I'm going to be working for the network during my non-compete.
Well, wait a minute.
Why did it happen?
This happened.
I thought I read a thing where you were going over to, oh, I see, in Channel 4, but not
locally.
In other words, the big time, the network.
Well, it's an interesting deal.
It'll get me to go to CBS.
I'm actually going to do stuff for the network.
They're newscast service.
Now, Brian, are you doing like a radio voice now?
I mean, or a TV voice?
I mean, you know.
Yes.
I don't know what you want me to do.
Talk like a guy.
I mean, we're close to what is it possible, can, Brian.
Come on.
No, but actually some friends of mine, Bob, Channel 7 photographers are huge fans of your
show.
And if Brian is your last day, you need to call me on Facebook.
So I figured I'd call you to say thanks.
Well, that's great.
Now, we're going to be able to see you on the air.
You're going to be behind the scenes.
Are you going to be reporting?
Are you going to be doing stuff?
Doing people?
What are you going to do?
Yeah, I'll be out here for six months in Miami.
But then I'll be back.
And we're still working out the terms of what I'm going to be doing for 4th, when I get
on the air there in November.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, I was right.
You are when you come back.
You are going to be on 4th.
When I come back to town, yeah, I'll be working with Channel 4.
Well, it's not what I said in the beginning.
And then you say, oh, no, I'm going to CBS in New York, New York.
Isn't that what he said?
Let's hope that everything works out.
And I'll be back here in six months.
In other words, maybe you won't be coming back.
In other words, you're just covering your ass here and hedging your bets.
And that's fine.
It good luck.
Well, that's a lot.
I just want to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
I'm going to be called on.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
They are telemarketers.
I'm calling to tell you about...
Are you a bottomer or a top?
Burn out a user phone and a weapon.
With the feedback method.
By simply holding your handset over the mic of your speaker phone.
Hello.
Hello.
I'd like to tell you about on the crop a cleaning scientist.
I think only amazing.
Thank you, Tao.
Thank you, Tao.
Thank you, Tao.
Yes, now you can wage your own private war against the scourge of telemarketing.
With the telemarketing defense manual.
To get your copy, one of our friendly account executives will be called on.
He will be contacting you soon.
Hello.
Hello.
Can I address you with the telemarketing defense manual?
Tao.
Tao.
Tao.
Tao.
1118 at 560 WK was it me or was it Dave Johnson a little off his feet today, huh?
Did it seem like it?
I don't know what he meant.
He just wasn't as usual bubbly-self.
Maybe he's having a bad day this week at Churchill Bounds.
Wouldn't be the first time.
I could be.
Or maybe Hank took some of his lunch.
Anyway.
And then of course Brian Andrews, that was a real out of nowhere out of the blue.
Under the radar radio.
No, seriously, it's a good thing you refact this to me because this is a movie in Portante's story.
And in fact it was so important I went online and I got the whole story since you only fact me the first page.
Right.
And I can actually read these pages.
You know, from Newsweek Magazine under the radar radio.
This is, see, if you wanted to really piss me off between a Harold's story about the 106.
And then the thing about that the Sinclair Broadcasting censoring tape couple under 70 BC stations.
And then this is just, I mean, is there no justice?
No.
What the hell is the story?
I'm beginning to think that for justice we got to go to-
Don Coyote.
And that's it.
That's the only choice we got.
See?
Because this is a pile of crap is what this is.
Anyway, before we do that, some more choices for the poll here.
Ralph Nader and Albert Einstein.
Right.
This is not related.
No, I don't think so.
Also, we had some other ones here too.
Miss Jack Quarkheimer.
Oh, yeah.
All the ladies are making a big splash.
How about you, Pern?
Nothing.
Here's one that says my vote was from our valverd.
Are you aware that you were lady?
What is that?
I can't relate it behind the beat at Curtin.
There's one little lady who accused Bill Clinton of fondling her when she was an Arkansas.
I said, I wasn't aware of that.
I was.
Well, there you go.
There's all the more reason to take a peek at her.
Well, I got copies and copies of that one.
It must have been a very important, fax more important than I realized because you sent me about
about 30, man.
Copies and that facts.
Anyway, what we got going here on a poll so far, Donald Trump can't touch him.
134.
Which of these people has the worst looking here real fake, whatever, dead or alive?
Moe Howard, David had second though, 57, not even half.
Don King 41, Sam Donaldson 38, Jim Traffick, can't 23.
Gene Katie has gotten nine.
I don't know who that is.
Don't tell me again.
Mark Albert 7, Ted Coppill 6, Dennis Gassettich 5, Howard Cosell 4, Matt Lauer 3, Denise Rodman 2,
Condoleez has got a pair of nasty front teeth.
Trent Laud 1, Brian Grants got one, Miss Kamal's got one, Aaron Brown out of 334.
We just can't get one for poor Aaron Brown.
Somebody please vote for Aaron Brown. He's going to feel left out now.
No.
Get into this story.
No, this is really depressing.
While the SEC cracks down on Howard Stern, his panic shock jocks are as raunchy as ever so far, says Newsweek.
It was the eve of Good Friday, this is the May 3rd issue by the Web Newsweek.
And it's got pictures here of shock jocks and rike Santos and Joe Ferrero.
It was the eve of Good Friday, in the Miami Radio shock jocks and rike Santos and Joe Ferrero were toning down the rack out of respect for the holiday.
And for Station WXDJ's new list of 21 prohibited words and phrases describing sexual and extratory acts.
So all that listeners got to leave, what was that?
Oh, it's got to 11th they're running commute.
Well, that's pretty weak.
Was a caller who couldn't sleep because of the neighbors loud orgasms, a song about a cheating husband who's wet foot off one of his testicles,
and some sound bites about everyone assumes was cadillac Castro following about homosexuals and vaginas.
We don't want to upset listeners says for our, but we're getting paid to entertain and do crazy stuff.
How are they still getting away with it in part because the boundaries are permissible,
permissible radio rauncher so hard to define, but also because Santos and Ferrero are lucky enough to be broadcasting an esponial.
Encreve, let's Spanish.
Spanish language jocks seem to have a de facto grant of immunity from the FCC.
And does that cross my fat ass or what?
Only one of its 20 staff investigators speaks Spanish and none of the nine radio and TV stations find in the last 50 months providing agencies in decency standards was a Spanish language broadcaster.
After Janet Jackson's superbowl breastbearing stumpy FCC and its anxious chairman Michael Powell began cracking down on the likes of Howard Stern,
whose talk shows been dropped by six of the radio jock clear samples just stations.
This month, third channel was 5.495 grand for his blue tinge broadcast and has agreed to pay $755,000 for similar trespasses by Bubba to Love Spongebob.
Now some Hispanic media watch dogs accuse the agency of neglecting their community segment of the industry, which is grown from 347 Spanish language radio stations in 1993 to 626 last year.
The enforcement level at the FCC has been very faulty since Martha Garcia, a Puerto Rican American who sits on the board of the National Hispanic Media Coalition, they've turned a deaf ear.
Not entirely in 2001 and two, the commission did access fines, assessed fines against forced Spanish language radio and TV stations for gags about anal and oral intercourse and a skit about sex toys.
But critics ridicule the fines, which ranged from seven grand to 22,400 for the owner of a radio station in New Bedford, mass as pocket change for such huge companies as MimeBase Telemundo.
Give me a break since Alex Nagolas, the NHMC's Mexican American president, I'm glad they did it but these fines are nothing, nada.
The FCC is currently reviewing complaints against two Spanish language stations, one of them, WXDJ, where Ferreiro and Santos, US-born Cuban Americans achieved instant celebrity last year when they placed prank calls that lured both Castro and Venezuela's president Hugo Chavez onto El Vasaln de la Maniana.
What else Vasaln?
Vasaln, it's a good thing.
I see.
An easy good morning blast is what it's said.
Yes, something like that.
The FCC says that when it gets complaints and acts accordingly, Paul is trying to find someone in Spanish language TV or radio to make an example of the San Jose 29.
It's like a witch hunt and that's wrong and offensive.
Right, nobody's trying to make an example out of anybody else, right, senior Santos?
Not to mention difficult, defining what constitutes a dirty word in Spanish can present special challenges.
The FCC's libous test for obscene speech relies on contemporary community standards, but in my near New York Latin immigrants come from several different countries.
In much of Latin America, the word becho means simply bug, while in Puerto Rico, it's lying for penis.
When a shock uses the word, I better not say that.
Does it mean take a hold of as it does in Madrid or is it vulgarism for copulating as it isn't Buenos Aires?
Well, three great guesses it says.
The word is a will there's a way.
Paul clearly has the will if he has him a Spanish speaking agents for his free speech or obscenity board of patrol, they could find a way.
And the shock jocks of course will find work around.
So the drive time audience won't mistake El Vaso Londela Manana for more engagement and esponial.
What's the Spanish for this two-shell passage?
Right.
Very syrupy, very like oh yeah, and a cutesy cutesy all out of the crap.
Of course they did get far what about four grand four grand, which they collected in pennies because everything's a big joke to these guys.
Oh yeah, we get to last days don't any pennies.
We got part of a thousand pennies that they made the fire.
That was a big news story on, forget what local chain.
Oh I know.
We mentioned it in brief passing the other day, but it's hardly a big news story.
But the fact that it matters is that we got, it's like everything else in South Florida, we got one set of standards, one set of laws for everybody else.
And then we have one set of laws and standards for people in those big and English.
It's almost like a reward for people who lazy to speak English.
And of course that's probably one of the reasons I will make no excuses.
That's probably one of the reasons that CMQ FM, because I'm sure that Guillermo Schwartz or whatever's name is on here.
From noon to noon, he don't have any restrictions on what he says.
I don't know.
And his act, I know his act is blue.
So I don't know how you're spying that.
BLU.
I heard it blue.
But at any rate, so there's the deal.
We got one set of standards it was so far.
Now some people get down to business and start making complaints against people who speak in Spanish.
And then we can like even the level of playing field, because that's the way it should be.
If we all got to file out, there's rules for which I don't agree with any of them.
Of course, everybody knows that.
I think it's a bunch of crap.
We ought to be able to say whatever we want any language.
But if there's going to be a set of guidelines for what we can say is best we can discern what they are,
then everybody should have to play by the same rules.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 WTQAM.
Don't forget, as Dave Johnson told you, we got the big Derby coming up for tomorrow.
And if you want to plunge your guts on it, Pompeo Park will be simulcasting the run for the roses.
The 130th running of the Kentucky Derby from Churchill Downs, you can watch and wager on the world's greatest horse race right at Pompeo Park tomorrow.
In fact, there will be early bird wagering on a Derby starting in one o'clock today.
And for both days, Pompeo Park will have free past performance pages for the Kentucky Derby field.
Tomorrow it's closing night in the top of the park restaurant.
So I guess Fat Rich will probably have like three feedings, wouldn't you think?
Fine.
And the special dining room will open extra early at 4.30 in the PM.
There will also be men tulips, the official drink of the Kentucky Derby, on sale on a special souvenir glass.
Located just a half a mile from both on and on the turn, Pike Pompeo Park is easy to get to.
And best of all, they feature free admission, free general parking every day.
And of course, live harness racing in the Polk Room every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight,
Polk restarts at noon, goes on the midnight, and live racing gets underway nightly at 705 including tonight.
Pompeo Park also for sign-on-casting open every day, seven days a night, sweetfeaturing the best in harness,
Thoroughbred Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompeo Park blocks South Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for the current race scheduled.
Just go online at pompadopark.com or call 954-972-2000.
Don't forget you can start plungeing on an early bird wagering on the Derby, early bird no less than one o'clock this afternoon.
See it and bet it tomorrow at Pompeo Park.
This is sports radio prices.
QAM.
Do they get us rolling pun while feeding out their gun?
Whoa, why look hello, why look hello, what Christians super fun?
Do they polish up the fish?
My tailgate of their truck?
Whoa, why look hello, why look hello, what Christians super fun?
See it and stand and heed and sit back down again and chew.
Then watch it all down with the twelve-hundred fruit.
Live a life aboard a ponder and then you go.
Got only smile upon pouring that whole.
I look hello, why look hello, why look hello, what kind of food?
How about that huh?
I dumped it.
So did I, okay.
So did John.
How about you told the guy?
I'm not talking about that.
That's how it is.
I thought that was a pretty innocuous bit but every now and then it just...
Well those, I mean I'm just sitting here paying almost no attention because I'm just very comfortable with that thing.
There are a couple of, you know, but then we get to that pool and then you got real problems there man.
You got that black hole out there in the universe somewhere and probably before too long we won't be able to say that either.
A couple of facts is here.
Let's see at democrats.org check out the right hand side of the page about halfway down.
The Bush record in your state it says it is positively un-de-leable.
Thank you Steve.
Also an article from the San Diego Union Intribute that somebody facts to us.
Vice President Dick Cheney has been charging that John Kerry would be a dangerous president because he opposed many key weapons
that the military now relies on.
He saw it presided over the biggest cutbacks in defense programs in modern history when he was secretary of defense out of the first president Bush.
As Pentagon chief from 89 to 93, Cheney cancelled a cutback many of the same weapons programs.
Bombers, fighter planes, battle tanks that he says Kerry tried to deprive the armed forces of it.
It goes on with detail in the specifics.
San Diego Union intribute if you're interested and also Charles and the Irfield Beach rights.
I think anyone who watched front lines documentary the Jesus factor lies and I will have to agree that our president select is definitely one scary son of a Bush.
I guess it's not bad enough that he's warning.
Those of us who just want to live our lives as best we can.
Awakened to the thought that there's a religious fanatic out there who wants to destroy our country, our culture, our lifestyle and in a nutshell us.
And now we've also got to worry about Osama Bin Laden.
It's the battle of the religious nuts Charlie.
He says I don't know about you but getting cut to the middle of a religious war was not how I'd time to kick off the new millennium.
Frankly, wouldn't surprise me to hear George Bush calling for another constitutional moment to change our national anthem from the star-spangled banner to praise the Lord and pass the ammunition is what Charlie said.
Just hang in there Charlie. It's going to get a lot worse before it gets better.
Once they start getting desperate then it gets really bad.
You know what I mean?
As many members start really dropping.
Be a friend. Be very afraid.
That would be my best advice to everybody.
Anyway, which of these people has got the worst looking here real or make believe?
You know what I mean by make believe?
Absolutely.
Not sure he does.
Dead or alive.
Donald Trump won 57.
Mohawar David had 66.
Don King 50.
Sam Donaldson 41.
Did somebody vote?
Aaron Brown still don't have any.
Please come on.
Ralph Nader don't have any.
Einstein on.
And this horror crime would don't have any.
Either out of 393 votes.
Come on.
Hope for Aaron Brown.
No.
Okay.
Bremer criticized Bush on terrorism before attacks.
Did you see this story?
No.
Where you should.
From the A&P.
El Paul Bremer, the U.S. Administrator in Iraq said in a speech six months before the 9-11 attacks
that the Bush administration was paying no attention to terrorism.
This is Paul Bremer.
You see how could anybody be so stupid?
I mean Richard Clark, Republican.
John Dean, Republican.
There's just a whole long list of these people who are advancing all of these things.
What they will do is stagger along until there's a major incident and then suddenly say, oh my
God, shouldn't we be organized to deal with this said Bremer at the McCormick Tribune Foundation
Conference on Terrorism February 26, 2001.
Bremer spoke at the conference shortly after he chaired the National Commission on Terrorism,
a bipartisan body formed by the Clinton administration to examine U.S. counter-terrorism policies.
The remarks through attention on the same day that Bush and Dick Cheney appeared before the 9-11
of Commission to explain the precautions they took to prevent a terrorist attack after taking
office in January 2001.
White House spokesman Scott McCollum did not comment on Bremer's remarks directly,
but he said, the actions we took prior to 9-11 demonstrate that we took the terrorist threat seriously,
the first major foreign policy directive was a comprehensive aggressive strategy to eliminate Al Qaeda.
At the speech delivered in Wheat Neil Lloyd, Bremer, whose diplomatic jobs included a citizen
ambassador-at-large for counter-terrorism said a war against terrorism would be unending.
If you call the war, you suggest there's a victory, said I would argue there is no final victory in a war against terrorism.
Yaudiota.
Portaid couple, huh?
Yeah, he got that hair problem.
He's got the bad hair. He's got the Sinclair broadcast group that won't televised his show tonight on their 7 ABC affiliates
because he's going to be reading the names of all the American soldiers killed in Iraq and showing their pictures.
I mean, you talk about a desperate attempt to manipulate the public opinion and of course it's that you watch these numbers
keep your voting and your voting and going down.
It's getting in. This is only a May keeping mine or as May number one.
WQA, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
Okay.
Can we remember this old Jew with a really nasty mop?
Oh, I think he used to be on Hollywood squares.
Would that Murray Amsterdam or that's the guy?
Would a big ugly mop on his head?
That's the guy.
Or you should perform at the diplomat all the time.
Right. Murray Amsterdam.
He also did the first tonight show before Steve Allen.
Right. Exactly.
He got him.
Okay. He got him.
And have a great day.
Oh, I guess what else we left off had our Marty Allen.
We were just talking about him the other day.
Allen and Rossi.
Right?
Okay.
And what's the real freaky guy with the, oh man, who went to?
Huh? Not freaky Carlos.
The guy with the Frank from the Frankenstein movie.
I can't believe I got a brain for an old man.
Marty Feldman.
He's got a lovely do.
Sure.
You can't tell because of his eyes.
You're fixated on those.
Is that it?
5.670560.
Pound 560.
So much bad here in so little time.
WQA.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
In an atheist most of my life, but if there is such a thing as a guy.
Oh, my God.
Yes, sir.
If there is such thing as God, Michael Jackson will spend the rest of his life in jail.
For about two weeks, his life ends.
Yeah.
Also, I saw Hank one night in Rascal.
I was he's very large.
Yes, he is.
All right. Have a great day.
He's a giant industry.
Thank you.
There's a bulletin for you.
Hank is large.
You following that?
He's big.
And his numbers are too.
Right.
Number one in the afternoon, the hopper, baby.
He is big.
Mad Dog at the hopper.
Number one in the afternoon drive.
Where is the number one or two?
We still haven't figured it out.
I would have thought by now that thanks to all their connections, you know, with the Tanner,
since we are in the Tanner building, we'd have been able to extrapolate that midday thing.
Doesn't Maddie Bell usually come racing up there?
Here you go.
Here we go.
Oh, my God.
Here's the next day.
Oh, yeah. You're wrong.
All right.
We usually get it by hooker by hook from either from Miss Tanner or one of those, one of those people by hooker.
By hooker and I know hookers with that lady.
Speaking of that, I better do the break.
And then we get secret evidence that got Jack Owen diited.
And he showed up for his arrangement.
In fact, this is there and is right now.
Picture.
No, even that magic wand right over his back.
This is what Michael Jackson said.
They want to show a guilty conscience.
They want to show that Michael Jackson and his people were trying to kill him.
And then we keep this family under wraps and ultimately this family out of the country.
And this alleged Brazil trip, which was supposed to have happened a year ago in January,
but didn't is something that they have really been focusing on where Frank Tyson and Vinnie and men were going to take this family out of the country.
Frank Tyson told me on the phone he was planning on doing it, but only for three years.
You see, when he changes lawyers like that,
in midstream right here just before the arrangement.
And when he says his life is on the line, what does that tell you?
Does that smell really of tremendous?
You'll be knowing that his ass is going to jail?
Is that what?
The crawler, the lawyers are saying they quit and he's saying that he fired themself.
Right.
Who do you believe?
Let's take a poll on it.
20 till noon at 5.60 QAM.
My line and local.
We are sports radio 5.60 QAM.
You A-M.
You A-M.
You A-M.
You A-M.
He's kicking ass out of that line.
163 votes, the worst here any human raised.
Mal Howard David had second with 70.
I mean a gigantic lead.
And nobody voted yesterday.
There's some of the two people vote for him, Brown.
Thank you.
I just felt bad for him.
He's such a nebush to begin with.
You know, he's got a pair.
This fact you sent me, it just leads me to wonder if anybody's really paying attention.
All the things I've been saying last couple of months.
No, no one has saved the cop.
Right.
Don't you find this just unbelievable?
Typical.
Speaking of mischamaul, I seem to be having withdrawal symptoms.
How about freeway and spigot for old timescakes?
Thanks a lot.
I mean, you must be doing serious mushrooms, man.
Everywhere I go.
They either don't believe it or they think that we're over it.
That we, we like you, we're overreacting.
Right.
They haven't seen overreacting.
No.
Come inside our building, okay?
And watch people doing cartwheels and hallways.
And just to hyperventilating and spitting blood.
Then you'll understand what overreacting is all about.
Got to be kidding me.
Well, I hear freeway and spigot no more, I guarantee you that.
Probably ever.
That is correct.
Secret evidence that got Jacko and Daito according to the National Inquirer.
Contents of briefcase, all the grand jury needed.
A briefcase containing pornography hidden away in Michael Jackson's bathroom was among the bombshell pieces of evidence
that convinced grand jurors to indict the pop star on child molestation charges the inquiries learned exclusively.
During a raid on Jackson's Neverland, Ranch last November police needed a locksmith to open the door to the master bedroom where the pornography was found.
And prosecutors told the grand jury that the 45-year-old superstar used the porn to arouse the now 14-year-old boy who's accused Jackson molesting him and applying him with booze in early 2003.
One of the key pieces of circumstantial evidence presented the grand jury was a briefcase that Santa Barbara and Sheriff's Investigators found.
During the search of Jackson's Neverland Ranch, a source post of the top secret proceedings told the inquiries, it was hidden away in Jackson's bathroom and filled with porn or magazines.
It was established at the grand jury that this indeed belonged to Michael Jackson.
Jackson allegedly used the pornography that he kept inside the briefcase to excite his young victim incredibly during the raid on Neverland.
Police seized the black leather briefcase in the exact spot where the young victim had told police Jackson kept it.
One of the magazines police confiscated was Barely Legal and Adult Magazine put up by Hustler publisher Larry Flint, featuring adult women dressed in sexy young outfits to make them look like teenagers.
Police believed Jackson showed the Barely Legal magazine the victim to excite him.
Other items found in the master bathroom include a laptop computer store inside a lock closet and a digital camera.
In the raid, police also seized 16 computers, at least 20 video tips and DVDs.
During the grand jury proceedings, it was revealed that the accuser ran his younger brother who witnessed some of the incidents, told police and psychologists, stand cats.
The Jackson used over the counter cold medicine and wine to knock out a molester children.
It wasn't wine, which Jesus used, wasn't it?
That's right.
Frustre squeezed it.
Get it right.
The boys also said Jackson watched TV naked in front of them and even fondled a mannequin in their presence.
The boys also reportedly told their therapist that Jackson gave them a laptop computer so they could surf the internet for naked women.
Among the witnesses who gave testimony to the grand jury during its 13-day inquiry with the accuser and his brother, his mother, psychologist, cats and the family's attorneys Larry Feldman and William Dickerman.
I mean, William Feldman and...
Testified that the alleged crimes took place, that after they took place, the Jackson came and tried to intimidate the boy and his family with threats.
Took the family's belongings and even attempted to relocate them to Brazil and inside a reveal.
The inquiry learned that another potentially crucial witness did not testify before the grand jury.
The boy who made claims about sexual molestation by Jackson 93 and got a $15 million buyoff payoff, hush money.
The boy wants to testify only once and the prosecutors are sitting in for the trial itself, so the insider, they'll bring him out if they feel they need him, he's reluctant to witness for them.
The boy's uncle Raymond Chandler told the inquiry when he does appear in court, it'll finally give my nephew a chance to set the record straight.
Michael would like to say that my nephew's charges were an extortion plot of fabrication, but the public doesn't know about the settlement which Jackson's that my family was ready willing and able to assist the DA right up until that time, until the price was right.
By obtaining a grand jury and deming against Jackson, Saddle Barber District Attorney Tom Stendon is able to proceed directly to trial without laying out his evidence in a public preliminary hearing,
and the thing we're subjecting is witnesses to cross examine by defense attorneys. The trial could begin in December.
If convicted, Jackson who has maintained his innocence faces up to 20 years in a slumber, it's going to be a lot of fun in there Michael.
Yeah.
In the joint, then on the bottom of their patent themselves on the back, the inquiry, new developments in Jackson case, old had to inquire a waiters, which is true. They've been doing a good job on us.
Accuses mom is pregnant, by the way.
Yeah, choirs learned exclusively that the mother of Jackson's accusers pregnant the father is army reserve major J Jackson 41 who took in the 35 year woman or three children last year.
For a time, the family was living in grim conditions in East LA, but they made a decided turn for the veteran inside his clothes.
The alleged victim who was desperately ill and dire need of a kidney transplant following cancer treatment has improved greatly.
He's 14 now, the catches in remission, he's healthy and robust pursuing his education and gains in sports.
And since the mother's fond love with major Jackson, the family, including the alleged victims younger brother and older sister, have moved the spacious condo in West LA.
But the family's been trying to keep the pregnancy under wraps. Inquires his forget about that. We know it. We're going to print it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey Neil, if you got rent rentals on your last day, we do now. How could we forget?
Okay. Thanks.
Ert Reynolds, man. And as it got, it's really can tell very vain about it too. Why does you just walk around without the piece?
Well, he's got, he's got much to hide, I guess. What's all their excuses? Right. Fandity.
Give me a guy like you, a Brenner. Right? All right. I got one right here.
5 6 7 0 5. Yeah, we got one. He's called the beast. Not quite that rotund. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Can I say the beast is shaving it his head? His life. That's even worse. Keep your finger real real tight there, man.
Telling you. Just be lean. Don't be again.
You're the subject. Just another lecture. If you keep this up, I'm sorry. WQAM. Hello.
So boring with the post WQAM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Ma'am. Hi, how are you? Neil. Pretty good. Neil, I got somebody that should score to the top of your pole.
Okay. Okay. It's. It's rigged. Suddenly. Yeah, Rick Dudley's got a nasty piece. Plus he was a really crappy coach. And was you know more? Yeah.
You know what that looks like? He put the dud in Dudley. Yeah. He looks like an electrified possum. That's what it looks like.
You know, after the swept much, you're all asked that. Yeah. Yeah. I hear you. All right. You have a good one. Okay. You two. Thanks. He put the dud.
Nice. Your real piece of turd, man. Oh, but send him their money for next season, even if they don't play Senate.
A lot of money to the Panther organization. They need it real badly. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM. Hello.
Morning, Neil. Good morning, sir. I'd like to add one to your pole. Okay.
George Rodriguez. Definitely. I'm here.
WQAM. Hello.
Now we are. You am? Yes, sir.
Well, my not a man. There you go. There we go. Rick Taylor. Who is it?
Rick Taylor. Yeah. He's a piece of work. He's been on several pulls this week's matter of fact.
Rip Taylor. Does he actually show up anymore on anything or is he like a hundred years old?
I have a tale a little while ago. Yeah. Let's rip Taylor.
Liz Donald Trump 168. Moe Howard. David. A strong second. Absolutely.
74. Don King 59. Sam Dawes and 48. Jim Traffick at 29. Others are all like minor leagueers so far. Well, there's a president.
Danger of terror. Yeah. It's dangerous. All right. When we see him, let's show on PBS last night. I'm frontline.
Like I said, it wasn't like spectacular because we most of us already knew all of that stuff. But it just reinforces this whole goody two shoes born again.
Mindless babbling crap. You know, and I'm starting to really think that he believes it. That's the worst part.
Yeah, I think before I thought it was just a, you know, an act me too. Just like a lot of the AA people.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that. That guy who was all whipped up about that bill. What was his name with the 12 steps?
I don't know. Bill Stillman. Bill, I got a still in the basement.
I'm not in drinks and much. Jesus juice. The 12 steps program. And of course without Jesus, we couldn't have the 12 steps. Could we?
No. So there you go. The 12th possible. Exactly. All of these things.
Well, speaking of famous people, this is what we're going to do. We can't go back to the all that racy language anymore.
That stuff that was right around the edges there. We have to back away 15 yards and punt.
But we can start playing some really heavy music. Yeah, that evidently is the secret over there. You know what?
Whatever that station is CMQ.
Is that a need that gave me no? No. Is that a need that they're supposed to bow?
The late salsa queen Celia Cruz and crossover star, cross-duster star Ricky Martin lead the finalist while diva's Alicia Keys and Gloria Stefan had lined the performers at the what is this?
This is the yesterday. Did this take place last night or is this next Thursday? Let's be asking you, Josh.
Well, this is your people.
Wow. All by the way, for all station in Atlanta came in last.
Here was the station scuff for all of us on the land of that FM with eight million. I just that. I didn't know that.
It came in dead last year. I'm up to me. She said it came in last.
I do like that. Aren't you aren't you surprised? Aren't you sure? Ed just made it. Yeah.
Cruz who died last July who couldn't sing a lick. Well, in fact, is a picture of Celia Cruz. Maybe this was last night.
I don't know. Boys, this is what happens when you rather touch. I didn't see Tom Zicker about anything about this.
We're talking about an indication last night. Cruz who died last July is nominated seven times. Well, shouldn't there be a big piece if this was last night?
It says that Thursday's Billboard light musical was this was in yesterday's a sunsend.
Couldn't possibly be would have been splashed all over the front pages of your Yokel papers woman.
You'd think right next to that thing about big one was six you doing just fine without the stern mice.
My life and local. This is for three or five sixteen.
Way and way.
This is Pope John Paulins and if he asked me, they always think more fun than playing Grandass with a Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
You know, it's a good thing I checked this out unseen Celia's British Latin star sure enough it was last night.
Okay, and we almost missed out on all the assignment here. In fact, they're here and we better double check it because if it's in the world is probably wrong, it probably just made it up.
Here's a picture. It says Latin music lovers, holy like laces junior, posses for a photo with a fan through tonight before the Billboard Latin music awards televised live for the first time. You didn't even watch it watch what?
Chamon you man. The mode was informal and upbeat. The Miami we miss the work of say that cruise Ricky Martin and Juan Ace at a few newcomers one honors and it's a picture of Julio glaces junior.
I'm going to tell you she floats like a butterfly. She makes an Ricky look like hercules. Oh, that's a diet that that is quite a comment.
Although she nearly so pretty is in reeky, but that's another story for another day. See that cruise Ricky Martin and Juan Ace won triple honors.
And the article says by Jordan Levin who hopefully knows a little bit more than Howard Cohen. I wonder if they heard those they have so many Jews on her staff.
One of the biggest winners among stars competing at last night's Billboard Latin music awards was the one already in musical heaven.
Celia Cruz, they beloved Cuban queen of salsa. Oh, there's so many Cuban queens, but this is the beloved Cuban queen of salsa who passed away last July, garnered three awards.
You've probably known a few Cuban queens in your time. Well, we got one working here. It was the number matched only by Puerto Rican pop star Ricky Martin and Colombian rocker Juan Ace.
I mean, the fact that Celia Cruz and Ricky Martin won most of the awards is a pretty good indication that Latin music is in the crapper. Although she was, oh, it's big in a crapper. The room where I'm hearing is that South Beach everybody's bailing out.
Yeah, I hadn't heard. Yeah, all the rappers have moved in. All the other people are moving out. What a strange phenomenon that is. You know, that's what I'm hearing. Although she wasn't physically there, Cruz provided one of the most emotional moments in the awards of the first live broadcast on Spanish language network, Telamundo.
The audience stood to applaud as Cruz's husband Pedro Knight accepted her award for top Latin album, artist of the year.
And one of the best musical moments was when Oscar De Leon joined a talented teenage orchestra from the Harbor Conservatory for the Performing Arts and an electrifying edition of Cruz's latest hit last hit, Rie Iliura.
Rie Iliura. What is that? I don't know. What? Is that a name? R-I-E with a center one in I. Rie Iliura. Oh, Latin crack.
Is that a name? That came back. I mean, I'm low. Is that a name that the Ness of the bound. I bet it sounded just like that. Sure, something like that.
Another classic, Mexico's bandai al ricoto, one of the Hall of Fame award was adapted both old and new segueing from classic bandai to a buggy down the ground number, complete with disco whoops.
Whoops. Paulina Rubio's dance pop and Luis Fancy's try to rock anthem couldn't compare it says curiously the words indicate a disconnect between the Latin music heard on the radio and the music that people buy.
There was almost no overlap between album awards for sales and airplay worth for frequency of radio use presented by Billboard magazine Telamundo.
The awards were based on the Billboard charts from February 15, 2003 and February 7, 2004. It's kind of like the English language thing, too. There's no connection between user that people like and they buy what you hear on radio itself, Florida. If you catch my grip established as dominated.
There were few surprises or new faces and little indication of new trends in Latin music, judging from the charismatic performance by Chile and rockers La Ley. The show could have benefited from more new musical blood.
The musical highlight was a powerful the wet by guest trumpeter Arturo Sandoval and young American soul singer Alicia Keys.
I don't understand. What is Alicia Keys have to do with the Latin Grammys? I'll pick it up a check.
How about Alicia Bridges? She was there.
Sidia Cruz, well I got to play it sometimes when we can still play. Sidia Cruz won the top Latin album of the year and Trapper La La La La La La. Her female for oh boy.
I guess they had to probably study that for quite some time to be sure. Female for regalo de alma as well as Latin greatest hits of Elma de la Year for hit mix.
Almas del silencio, Martin's move from dance pop to soulful ballads took Latin pop album of the year. Male again.
Check very closely. Please while the first single Talveys was honored as hotline track of the year and the Latin pop air play track of the year. Male.
Check it again. And it goes on a great way. So it was last night and we have any calls about it. The probably all talking to Guillermo Schwartz about it now. Right?
I think his days are numbered. Once he starts getting all those FCC fines, you'll say he's pretty old anyway. How old is it? I don't know.
I know 100. Imagine. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 teen Verizon line WQA him. Hello. Yeah, I'd like to name for Neal's bowl. Yes, they're speaking to him. Oh, Neil, how you doing? Good. Hey, great one.
Oh, she's a mess. It's not a one of the electric socket deals. Exactly. Okay. Thanks, pal. Tell us, they'll get around. We don't have too many women on there. Many, many women with really bad hair. First amp, I'll give you one. How come she in on there yet? Who'd be goldberg? Okay. Can you get much worse here than that? I don't think so. If you call out here, what is that thing? Those are besides besides revolting fat dreads. I think those are deadlocks. WQA him. Hello.
WQA him. Hello. Uncle deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a I got one for the poll. Yeah. All right. It's Pat Riley. I would tell you why. Because there is nothing worse than being a hair bitch. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Have another one for us, we'd art. Man. That's only a couple minutes afternoon. He's already deep. He's deep in the sack. Man, I mean, he's in a sack. Oh, 560, 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon. WIles line. He sure was slick though. Just like that. Right. Yeah.
WQA him. Hello. Yeah. Name for your poll. Yes, sir. Richard Simmons. Richie Simmons. She's got a bad do. Thank you. She's bad. In fact, you know, we're getting a lot of these people crossing over, so to speak.
Where's Jonathan Edwards when we need him? Is that you off the year already? I hope I haven't seen it in a long time. I don't accidentally flop across that thing anymore. And I'm sure glad. I think he may be crossed over to the other side. Run out of suckers. Maybe he's hanging out with Miss Cleo these days.
Although at least Miss Cleo is kind of fun. You know, I like this funny. Yeah. Get your reading your free reading right now, man. You might as well put up a bed. Yeah. Do we have it? Can we play it? Psychic. What's wrong with it? What's it called? Psychic? No. Yes. That's not what it's called. That's not in here. Unless it's spelled wrong. He has plans. You can't pick out line. That's psychic Negro Network. That's the one. Oh, we can't play that. Why not? Are you crazy?
Hello, just be esterol. I played Florida on the hit show Good Times. And since my residuals ran out over 20 years ago, I've been helping other brothers and sisters find their way with the psychic Negro Network. We welcome your calls because nobody has a better understanding of black oppression. That's why you don't even need a credit card.
It just like rent in your TV will gladly bill it right to your phone Negro psychics are standing by right now at 1900. Give me all money to take your call for the low price of only $799 a minute. Why they can tell you if that fan of yours is leaving.
Oh, if he already left. And if the reds are going to be stringy or tender. So let the psychic Negro Network guide you down the primrose path of bogus prophecy. Don't you call my friends. Not bad. How you been about to an half on a skill of 10, although I like Willie T. Rivers myself.
5 6705 60 pound 560 only AT&T line WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how about a slash from guns and roses? Okay, how about him? Yeah, bad. You got the worst. Okay. Thank you. Slash got him. We got a slash him. 2020 host apologizes for reality. Baby adoption show ads ABC News star. Your favorite Barbara wall while apologizing on the year this week. If the network build today's 2020 special about adoption is the ultimate reality show. Talk about this. The other day.
This grace as usual. And I noticed that the Sinclair people didn't have any problem with that show that I've heard about. No, the news magazines devoted to the story of a 16 year old Ohio mother choosing among five sets of perspective adopted parents want to raise her baby.
Waters the shows hostess herself adopted parent who's frequently covered adoption issues. Last week, 2020 co-host John Stossel, thought of the program as the ultimate reality show. And over the weekend, ABC ran a promotion promising a unique television event.
Five couples desperate to adopt all competing for her baby. The 2020 show focuses on open adoption in which the birth family stays in contact with a child.
The network pulled a promo teasing a competition and replaced it with a less sensational spotted bills and adoption unlike any you've ever seen.
And on a program, the few wins. They Walters apologize for the promotions. Promo sometimes get a little heated. We made mistakes. You told viewers, you know what the bad word was? Compete. Compete.
Walters defended the program, which you call very important, extremely interesting. We've done many programs on it often say trademark for 2020. She said still many critics contend that the network engages in a tasteless stunt for ratings and the ABC message board simmered with talk of an advertiser and viewer boycott of 2020.
Lot of a bunch of grave robbers like all of us in a business. It's just the way it goes. Okay, so get used to it. I still can't believe that thing you're telling me.
I mean, Stern has taken off the ear in a market, right? She can take some off on all six stations. Just that alone hasn't convinced people that there's some real witch hunt crap in sanity going on now. Yeah.
Well, what does it take? Box cards. I see. Well, they're coming in next week.
From and it's past noon at five sixty WQM think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations means beating the competition every which way. That's what Dalmatian has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years.
When you call one eight hundred Macbes, you get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything. Dalmatian's won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local Torchowort for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an after the sale.
When you call one eight hundred Macbes and talk to one of their expert bed and consultants, you can rest assured you're getting the best possible Macbes anywhere.
Just to make complete line of C. Lee, served as Simmons King, Coral, temperate, experience and foster hewitt. At one eight hundred Macbes, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either.
Dalmatians take same de orders all day long from Candle of Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers and keep in mind when you call one eight hundred Macbes, you pick the date into our delivery window.
You want that Macbes delivered and they actually show up. They're part of that delivery record on time deliveries ninety nine point seven percent of the time.
Call them on time. You'll be a satisfied Dalmatian customer like I've been for years. Call that toll free number one eight hundred Macbes. That's all it takes.
Log on to their website, Macbes.com. Dalmatian's one eight hundred MATTR. It's the easiest possible way to buy you a great name brand Macbes at an unbeatable price.
My life and love. This is 4205 City.
We can wear you.
Where takes me to a place where everyone's asleep in the present is in the Holy Toth.
Where they only think that through as much as the enemy.
We're reading those instructions on our Macbes USA.
You shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the USA.
Raise me up up up to my SUV.
Far from the two ever-to-play.
I play quite oil. Cheat your city back in VP.
That's the Sony Max America way up back in the USA.
You shut your mouth and don't be anymore.
I have no life back.
Show me where they got a needle. Who to be?
I want to put my blade with my take-offs in me.
And I'm going to sit back. Now I'm going back in the USA.
You shut your mouth and don't be anymore.
Back in the USA.
The following letter today to Mr. David Smith, President and CEO.
I'm a single-year broadcast group and responsive the preemption of tonight's nightline program.
He said I write to strongly protest your decision to instruct Sinclair's ABC affiliates to preempt this evening's nightline program.
I find deeply offensive Sinclair's objection to nightlines and tension to broadcast the names and photographs of Americans who gave their lives and service to our country in Iraq.
I supported the President's decision to go to war in Iraq and remain a strong supporter of that decision.
But every American has a responsibility to understand fully the terrible cost of war and the extraordinary sacrifices it requires of those brave men and women who volunteered to defend the rest of us.
Lest we ever forget or grow insensitive to how grave a decision it is for our government to order Americans into combat.
It's a solemn responsibility of elected officials to accept responsibility for our decision and its consequences.
And with those who disseminate the news to ensure that Americans are fully informed of those consequences.
There is no valid reason for Sinclair to share its responsibility and what I assume is a very misguided attempt to prevent your viewers from completely appreciating the extraordinary sacrifices made on their behalf by American serving in Iraq.
War isn't awful but sometimes necessary business. You're decided to deny your viewers an opportunity to be reminded of a war's terrible cost and all their heartbreaking detail is a gross disservice to the public and the men and women of the US Armed Forces.
It is insured sir on patriotic. I hope it meets with public a problem and it most certainly deserves.
Good letter from John McCain. It's really interesting to me. You know what I'm thinking about? What do you think of it?
Who this letter should be from? Oh.
Yeah. Herman Munster.
Funny. Yeah. That's who the letter should be from.
Not. I mean John McCain sure he wrote a great letter and he's got the balls and of course is a veteran as a former POW.
He certainly has the right to be doing this.
Everybody. If anyone's test, we have not just a made for TV kind of event. You know it was all that time until he got outspent.
I'm in your pardon? McCain. Remember those primaries when they $60 million they buried him in South Carolina where they were.
Yeah. Which people shamed him and all the other crap. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that very well.
War hero and we got this guy. Well what about the in Georgia? What about the mass feelings? Talk about.
What's the use? Cortist health. When you deal with these single-minded right wing lunatics manners, forget about reason because there.
You know where there's no sense there's no feeling.
But what's going on in broadcasting in the most blatant and flagrant way this you know that our cry right yesterday about the Nazis have taken over.
I've been telling you that for months and months and months for a long time.
In fact, back when he stole the election broad daylight.
And here we are three and a half years later and people are starting to say you know what maybe there's something going on.
A little bit slow on the uptake boys. Okay. A little bit slow. I mean you know American Idol are real quick on that survivor. All of these things.
Important stuff.
WBQA. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Pretty good sir. I just can't understand with a new 1400 sports talk show coming in.
How excited we are over that. Oh yeah.
But I'm really like to know why don't they get rid of you know this is BGG where it is big is going downhill which I love every minute of it for getting rid of how.
Or it's the same thing. Why don't they get rid of you? Is this your second call that I see? Did you call us a little while ago? No, I called it off.
Okay. I'll just George again starting to hop on the callers right away. Well actually what's George format going to be now they can't talk about eating radio.
But as far as hearing them on a commercial radio station in Miami it ain't going to happen take it to the bank. How do I know? I know.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon and by the way George covering yourself accordingly. Oh yeah.
WQA. Hello. George. Yes. I think I want to rip torn from Hollywood squares. No. Bruce B. Lange. Okay.
Marty on. Okay. Thanks. We got ripped on there already. Don't we? Rip Taylor. Oh rip the rip torn. That's who he meant. Rip Taylor. Everybody confuses that even I get sucked into that. Oh sorry.
Which of these people has the worst looking here real fake dead or alive them or the hair Donald Trump 185. He's he's off there by himself. I'm a little surprised at that. Aren't you? Well that's because he's all over the place now. I voted for. Did you? Oh yeah.
More Howard David. Who got my vote? Because I've seen him. I've smelled it. 86. Don King 69. Sam Donaldson 51. Jim Trappican 31. Kind of leases got 15. Jean Katie's got 13. Marvalfa 12. Ted Coppel 9.
This place is for you. It's the Emil Coast Chinese buffet in the good news is that the lobster faces back at Emil Coast. If you've never been there, you don't know what a feast you're in for. The service is great. And you'll never leave there empty because they've got tons and tons.
They see our fresh delicious goodies. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there. Kids six and under eight for free. In addition, Emil Coastal offers you all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes. And like I always take they cook with only the best ingredients. No MSG. No cornstarch. They use only cholesterol for yours. Make a long story short. No crap.
Start out with six different kind of soups. Any of all of them, if you like dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New York strip made order. They're sizzling Asian real. They're brand new. Who non fish main lobster, thermometer style, zona crab oysters on a half shell. Handcar prime rib and their new Thai specialties to. And don't forget they got a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup and their brand new sushi bar as well as fresh.
Seam cocktail. What a team. And because you deserve it and for your real real pork or man, if you got room at all, they got a dessert station to the feeding never stops. Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit as well, a real feast fit for a beast.
Emerald coast relocations for you. Pembroke pine sunny house and sunrise. So take the whole family or maybe book your next business luncheon right now. And don't forget when you're there to fill out a membership cards, you can get their monthly newsletter from the Emerald coast to let them cook up a storm for you. Take out and livers always available. The Emerald coast column at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the amazing Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
The
the
talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad then year old girl. A little sports whole show.
What else are you there for?
You're talking like a baby.
A little training.
Like you understand.
You don't sound like a man.
That we move the rubber bands that show your scrubs.
You're talking like a baby.
You're talking like a baby.
You're talking like a baby.
You're talking like a baby.
When you're going to grow up, you make us want to throw up.
You fill a sweet  go to Broadway school.
You're pretty, do you mess it boys.
Thank you.
Sound like Nutc Hut.
Yorah, hearts, Yorah, hearts.
Absolutely.
Well, 33 speaking of Geltie, the reason I played it,
and he's got the big Duansland man,
Joanne Geltie tonight, Steve Goldstein,
six to way to the quarter deck at 12370,
Westonrise Boulevard in Plantation.
I know we let him out by me.
Stoppike for specials on Amstel,
Light and Registrate, when opportunity,
Iceland opened Galtramar coming up in June
at 6pm tonight with Geltie at the quarter deck in Sunrise.
I thought they shipped him right out there to the Macarena.
We're going to be practicing for doing a game next year,
when there's no games going on.
We're going to just practice all season.
How about a QM-Line 9? Hello?
Hello. I don't know if you're going to go to the pole.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, it's like that talking to me.
Speaking.
Neil Rogers?
Neil Rogers, that came.
I haven't suggested for the pole moral about Albert.
Moral Albert.
No, not moral.
Marv?
Earl?
Marv Albert.
He's on here.
And have another one.
Yeah, they're off to a good start today, man.
It's Friday.
Moral Albert.
I'm jealous.
Moral Albert.
Start tricking.
I'm just taking a look how Marv is doing.
Marty Allen's got one, finally.
How's Marv Albert doing?
He's got a nasty piece, a really bad piece.
He's got 12.
He's doing really well.
He's a double digits, man.
You'll be pleased to know.
In fact, just to edge the head of Ted Coppel in moments ago.
Of course, if Ted were on all the stations, he might be doing better.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I mean, it's just, I don't know.
I don't know what to say anymore because nothing shocks the public.
They sit back and they accept all of this crap.
And it's like, well, like you say, they don't believe us.
It's like we're exaggerating or it's being funny or, you know,
all this stuff about the FCC.
How much does it be making it up?
Sure.
You guys are always exaggerating.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, right.
WDQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Got one for the poll.
All right.
How about Carrotop?
Carrotop.
Be bad, man.
Oh, I forget to mention that.
That Rich called that is.
Or maybe thanks.
Thanks a lot.
I have a Rich BB to it.
Damn it.
Oh, Fever.
He's always saying stuff that somebody else is always saying, you know?
You know what I mean?
That's why we always say that.
You know, Fever Rich reminds me of my mother.
Right.
Over and over.
Got my mother.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Line.
Carrotop.
WDQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your poll.
Uh-huh.
James Crafican from Ohio.
James Crafican from Ohio.
Yes, sir.
You made the one that's got the...
He locked up in one of the pen files.
He's got 34 votes.
Oh, does he really?
Yeah.
An honorable mention for yesterday.
Preston Hen.
Okay.
We're in a red next door at the Swap Shop.
Okay, thank you.
God bless.
That sounded like Rich Shaw, didn't it?
Sure did.
That was Rich Shaw.
Play the tape back.
Thanks a lot, Ricky Tiki.
That was either Don Johnson or Rich Shaw.
You're gonna see that right now.
Was I a sandwich from your Rick?
Uh, I wonder how...
I don't know what time he's on.
That's embarrassing.
I shouldn't say that.
Do we know what time Rich Shaw's on?
I'm...
Magic.
You know?
I'm magic.
Yeah.
Well, my magic wand there.
And just like magic, we'll know what time he's on.
I don't know what time he's on.
Look at that number in there.
He's obviously not on at night.
Because that was the guy that got candy.
Was on at night.
I'd listen to magic if they played some good oldies.
But don't play him.
That's that...
That Jack hole at Bob, whatever his name is.
The PD.
What's his name?
Livingston.
No, no.
Whatever his name is.
Bob Hallering.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Do we...
I don't even know what I'm looking.
Well, midday.
He's not on midday.
We know that.
Maybe Ricky Tickies do in mornings on magic, you think?
No, I try to.
I don't think at his age he wants to get up that early in the morning.
I'll take a look though.
How do they do?
Magic 3, 4 up to a 3, 7, or number 8.
Uh, beaten soundly by the moment.
Well, that's not good.
Afternoons, men 25, 54.
That's not really their demo though.
Is it isn't it person's 25, 54 you would think?
I don't have time to muscle up.
For some 54 to 74.
44 down to before one.
That was Rick Shaw who gave us.
Now what did he give us?
Oh, for yesterday Preston's hand.
What the hell did we do yesterday?
He should know that when you get this all we did one?
Rednecks.
Oh rednecks, Preston hand.
And what about Nick DeVarro?
There's a Cuban redneck for it.
If there ever was one.
And those two are really tight, man.
Remember when they won that million dollar prize out there in Vegas?
The jack power.
Well, that pissed me off.
Preston hand's got more money than God.
More money than the bush family.
More money than the Kennedys.
And he goes out there with the anxious Nick DeVarro.
How about for the bad hair Nick DeVarro?
I fell into the red.
What about him?
That's right.
Now I'm just curious if we can still play that...
Do you think we can...
Which word?
The same.
He's going away.
Navarro.
He's the cause of so much grief and sorrow.
Oh, yesterday.
He's Navarro.
Navarro.
He's leaving.
Navarro.
But he's just a goosebite away.
Oh, yeah.
Timely.
All the goosebite all the time.
Maybe he was just practicing.
Maybe he was a little prussian.
And he was practicing for these days now.
A little cheer of Nick.
Now that was Jim Scholar, did that thing, right?
Correct.
I'm pretty sure it was.
Now did you respond to Jim Scholar?
No, I forgot.
It's over here.
Oh, man.
It's bad.
Our good close personal friend Jim Scholar that did so many bits.
That's most of which we can still play.
Because he was a clean guide and put all this perversion and filth in there like that bulk
of Brian, vaulted in a geek.
Right?
That perv that degenerate...
Right.
That slime bucket.
See, there's all kinds of things that we can say.
It's just we have to be a lot more creative now, that's all.
So we get another list.
What?
You mean Monday?
I see.
Yeah, the muff, my stew.
She's having a nervous breakdown.
Why don't you teach me?
You can't get the cup.
I've got some heavy duty oxies and all kinds of other stuff right now.
Just trying to keep up with this flood, this flood of insanity that keeps coming from
a corporate.
At any rate, I'm just biting my tongue real, real hard.
It's a little bit of blood right there on the tip of my tongue.
Mother.
21 till 2 till 1.
Whatever the hell it is at 560 WQM, we got the mad dog at 2.
And then we got the Joseph Gackie for.
Look at that.
Here's the Gackie stop, okay?
Because the Humper obviously is up there in Louisville but they Johnson at the Kentucky
Derby in Louisville.
Then we got the big 7 till 940 and believe you mean that's more than enough.
Marlon's on deck 940 tonight from the West Coast.
Marlon's who beat was it 4, 3 last night, Josh?
Yes.
Marlon's who?
He knew what he just said.
Yes.
He said yes.
Yes.
Will you stop doing that?
Yes.
You're not impressing us.
You're depressing me.
It's like I want to jump out the window.
I mean, stop doing that with the F.
He's putting his teeth.
I understand that the way things are going right now.
That's enough making.
He's got a mouth for a wired shot like Michael and the God of God.
Does he?
Good.
Well, with Dufferon there's probably a pretty good idea.
With Hushkey punched him into the mouth.
Marlon's on deck 940 and Marlon's at the Giants 10-15 and Marlon's continued being a
hotter than hell as long as they don't play to braves.
And then overnight it's total loss.
20 to his matter of fact, I think if he wants to give them that 14-ever give them that
the sporting news, you know, do whatever you want with it.
Give rid of it.
Put something useful on there.
Get Joe Costello back, right?
Give our good buddy Joe back on there.
I mean overnight and get rid of that canned crap.
No, but if there's one thing I try to take to people for years, do not get that canned
crap.
Get it in the bag.
In the box.
Now see, that was the end of that line.
Oh, no, you want, now you want to run with it and then you're going to wind up running
right off the edge of the cliff and then you're going to wait for us to throw you the
rope and we're going to be busy doing the spot.
Spring into savings right now and save like never before on a brand new car truck from
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
There on US one 20 minutes out the V36.
It's easy to find it and it's worth the drive there because they're going to save you
so much cash.
Literally thousands on great new Toyota's, unbeatable deals like these great leases and
O4 camera your four one or just 269 a month for 48 months and O4 highlander just 309 a month
needed truck.
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
You pay just 179 a month for 48 months and these are just some of the savings waiting
for you right now at Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
They're locally owned and operated committed making you a happy camper.
Their service department has even opened late to late week nights to make sure they get
all your work done for you.
Easy to find them.
They're right at the corner of US one and 293rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes
out of the V36 and right now they're making you an offer like you've never heard before.
Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts
for life.
That's correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for the life of your vehicle.
Nobody else does that and nowhere.
So don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to let you
down.
Call our good friend David Rich.
He's the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead for an unbeatable deal no BS called 305-242-3247.
305-242-247.
Drab a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
We're supporting you 560-2AM.
Why the hell you're still right?
And another thing, you're the rules and I'm a little bit of an extra mile right now.
You're with that little bit of sweet voice and expect to get anywhere a little cutie
to you.
And I think I'm going to say goodbye to the white guy.
I'll see you.
Yeah, what about it?
The boy I hate you.
What do I hate you?
And when I hate you.
I want to die.
You're the type of ring.
You're the type of ring.
Why you why you're the smack you?
Then you see, I know my smell attracts you.
I know.
But unlike that you, you still got a job.
I feel just like that you are my grandmother.
And when you do another.
That's why you're still not fighting.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
President Bush expresses deep disgust at these photos.
The ones that are showing over and over again on CNN,
because they got them and we saw them on BBC and BBC last night.
Yeah.
Showing the prisoners hooded, wired, etc.
Heaped on top of each other and naked like an individual pyramid,
all of these things.
When Americans soldier standing in the back laughing and yirking it up.
It's a fraternal thing you do understand.
You do understand that.
I do.
It's a fraternity thing.
Right.
Just a bit fine.
Right.
Anyway, Big Arnie informs us.
Rick Sharzat in the morning with Donna somebody opposite Mojauer-Davided.
How do you like that?
Absolutely.
Because asked Rick, whatever your name is.
Ricky Tiki.
And then of course, at 10 o'clock, as soon as Ricky Tiki's off here,
he's a flip set cat back a couple of notches and turns out in the show every single day.
Religiously, am I right?
Yeah.
He bet.
This thing about the feral here, this long from Joe,
long facts, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, it's, uh, I don't know.
He's not making any impact or a third of that, he's got like no ratings.
He talks a big game, I'll tell you that.
And then he says he claims you talk about him at least a half hour every day,
but that he likes you most of the people at QM, even the beast.
Uh, we talk about for all a half a minute every day?
No.
No.
Maybe he would like us to talk about him for half hour every day.
He's, uh, got this ego thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
I'm thinking he's got a-
I'm going to take your children, I'll sell them to some Haitians.
So you know what I've never played?
What?
Oh, I better be careful.
Yeah.
I've got my finger on it.
Oh yeah, there's not even a word there, just to believe.
That's cute.
That's cute.
That's cute.
That's cute.
Anyway, so I don't see.
For all of us, his will be on in every market in Florida within a year.
Can't wait to go up against you in a day.
So we see where's the bigger numbers.
Also claiming to carry QA on his back when he was there.
This is, uh, well, I'm not going to go into it.
Because it's part of the sales pitch, you know.
Is that what it is?
When's his sales pitch in Atlanta?
Why is there a start getting some numbers there?
I don't want to give you any, you know, inside information,
but somebody we all know once told me-
Hey, stop it!
That he's a real BS artist.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
The BDQA and Hello.
Hello.
What was it?
Police.
Police.
Why here?
You hear him?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I didn't know it was mentioned for all of them.
They scattered.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to add one to the poll.
Yes?
Uh, the Reverend Al Sharpton.
Okay.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
Ah!
The Reverend Al Sharpton, what's wrong with that?
And your mother?
The Reverend Johnson.
Or does.
As Suzy said, Reverend, I was like, can't my finger just, uh,
Ditto and all over that thing?
I was part of his psych out.
Al Sharpton, that was great.
BDQA and Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Has anybody mentioned Benny Hinn?
No, we will right now. Benny Hinn, got choice.
Oh, and I'm glad you mentioned him because if we put him on there,
you know who it has to be on there?
Ernest Angely.
Ooh!
I don't know how he spell that.
You want to look it up or just, uh, whatever we'll guess and put you right?
Ernest Angely.
Oh, man.
Say, baby, baby, he's a, I keep saying if he really can heal all he's got to do is touch his head and get some real hair on that thing.
Man, he's got one of the worst looking pieces in a history.
Ernest Angely.
Say, baby.
Tommy wants us to put Clarence on the list.
Clarence?
You're gene telling us.
No, our own Clarence.
Why is that?
He's got bad hair.
To be honest with you, I never noticed.
I can't look at him that long.
Okay, we'll put Clarence on there, put Clarence Diro.
And then they'll think we're talking about the real one.
I don't care.
Hey, Tommy, put out your good guy, but get lost and quit doing them doggy downers.
He's really pushing up on Tommy.
What is it?
He's got doggy downers and he's not shared.
Right.
How do you think he got his voice down like that?
Are you gaining a lot of weight these days?
Well, didn't you hear that spot you heard, Lawrence?
Of course.
Wow.
Who's he?
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Anybody calling for, uh, of course, she, uh, she looked, uh, 20 years ago, much better.
She looks like, uh, like a blonde, uh, shrunken head now.
That's, uh, fair or faucet.
Fair or faucet?
Well, I think it was too much time I had burning bed was what'd done her in.
And maybe too much booze and too many pills.
Fair or faucet.
Well, I don't know.
Whatever.
I mean, do we know how to put her on her?
She's just a mess.
She's a wreck.
I don't think it's the, uh, she could have the most beautiful hair in the world at this point.
I don't think it's going to save her ass.
So it's not, you know, you can put lovely piece on top of any shrunken head.
It's still all looked too good.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Owners of president who declared major comment over May 1st, 2003, which will be a year ago tomorrow.
Let me get your assessment of what the president said a year ago, knowing both sides of the equation
as you know, as you now know, Congressman Randall.
We've lost 600 American lives and thousands of wounded since that day.
We've lost the total of 729 Americans.
I am telling you that if the Congress knew and America knew what we know today,
no weapons and mass destruction, no connection with 911,
if we knew that the president intended to knock off Saddam Hussein by having a preemptive strike
when there was no threat to the United States, we never would have allowed him to do that in the first place.
And how long does it take?
What is the mission?
We don't even know what the enemy looks like and we're dying every day.
And it's costing Congressman Blunt and I'll let you have the last word.
It's costing what about a billion dollars a week, four and a half billion dollars a month to keep US troops in Iraq right now?
Well, there's the cost here, but you know, if we were making that decision based on the incredible cost of 911,
and I don't concede that...
All right, that's really had something to do with I'm going to see to keep immediately keep running back to that again.
Nothing?
What does it have to do with that anything?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Right.
Wow, it is just amazing.
I mean, without 911, there's nothing else, you know?
That's why they let it happen.
Ah, that was George said that, but he may have a point.
That's why they let it happen.
Kevin, Q&A, hello.
Oh, yeah, that name for you?
Yes, sir, speaking.
Oh, do you like it?
I love it.
I love it, man.
He's got the bad everything.
He's one of the grossest things to...
We're talking about the bad...
Speaking of...
Thank you, sir.
Good job.
Okay, speaking of shrunken head.
And he was married to Jewelier Roberts.
See, I still...
I wish I'd have forgotten that.
I wish somebody would have like erased that from my memory
because I somehow...
I just can't imagine what that's all about.
Well, I can't imagine, but even that.
Well, you're the one that has always said,
maybe there's more than meets the eye.
Be careful now.
Josh, be watching real close now.
Keep your finger right next to it.
Tell me.
Oh, speaking of that.
Oh, yeah, when Dave Johnson said, tap it,
I just about fell off my chair.
You can't say tap it anymore.
First he said, ask, which was okay.
And then tap it.
You better change that house's name, Mr. B.
Or else they're not at a Tom Durkin.
They could be able to announce that name tomorrow during the race.
I forgot to mention Dave Johnson about Mike Pataglia.
What a Jack Holt-Akkai is.
He is the worst race caller in just a jerk.
Mike Pataglia.
But anyway, nobody else knows who I'm talking about today.
No.
Good, just as well.
My dad meets out justice as METS.
This is cute.
George sent this along.
From New York Post today, no less.
METS out justice to his kid with beef jerky.
A Staten Island Vodega owner whipped his young son with an 18-inch stick of beef jerky
after catching the boy skipping school authority said.
I bet he whipped until he was jerky.
The bizarre incident began about 10 o'clock in the morning April 24 when a school official
called Esteban.
Oh, I love this name.
Esteban Palafox, 34-disturr.
Mexico Esteca II in Tompkinsville.
Oh, tell him...
Esteban Palafox, 34-disturr.
Mexico Esteca II in Tompkinsville.
Okay.
It's just all kind of like rolls right along there, like that.
Telling him that the ten-year-old Esteban Jr. had not shown up for classes for three days.
And the other Palafox told the post, these things.
And Rage Palafox began searching for his son and father-in-side apartment above the deli
at seven-course in Avenue.
After he shouted at the boy Palafox went down to the deli to retrieve the dried beef
cup said.
He then returned to his apartment and repeatedly whacked the boy's thigh with the jerky,
leaving bruises according to police.
I'm not making this up.
It's in the post.
And of course, we know they never make anything up.
I want to live good.
I want my child to live good too, Palafox said.
He insisted the punishment fit the crime.
Asked if he regretted turning the beef jerky on the son.
He was emphatic.
He said, no, no, no, no.
He got five of them here.
Palafox was arrested to day in charge with a assault criminal possession of a weapon.
The beef jerky and the danger in the belker of a child.
Oh, man.
Good thing they didn't find the liquorice whip.
Cops found out about the incident after the child's mother, Palafox's ex-wife took her
sent to a local hospital.
The hospital notified child welfare or officials.
Palafox was arrested in Staten Island criminal court released about bail.
Eva or Zesco who owns the Polish place, a deli of block away.
That's the name of the Polish place.
We shot here of the charges against Palafox.
Oh, my God, she said.
Oh, my God.
That's terrible.
It's unbelievable.
It seems like such a nice guy.
Un- they labeled- she said, espive on juniors, a nice kid.
Sometimes kids can make you angry, but that doesn't give people right to lose control and get so jerky.
This is 420 of life, 620.
2AM.
We just got the rel.
We're in them up in Belkettika, slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers parent balance one or two hours.
Well, well, well, well, well.
Bill's the cause of mine and cut.
Oh, you know something?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Wrong what?
I don't know.
He put this sitting here just minding my own business.
I don't recall whether I just went over the original one.
I guess I didn't.
Well, I must be a sharp as a mosa ball today, you know what?
Nice.
Oh, that's right.
Well, that was, that was that one.
And this is this one.
Nice job.
Thank you.
Bill's the cause of mine and cut.
She lets style the gigo.
When he makes it, we go.
Mine and go is not the kind you can do in the.
But a cigar and her.
He don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human.
And then I can saw the term cedar.
And saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the overy office.
Working on a practical joke.
He took him back a noodle, put an explode in.
Loading for a mine.
A girl was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill's the cause and mine and cut.
She lets style the gigo.
Every time he makes it, we go.
Mine and go is not the kind you can do in the.
But a cigar and her.
He don't mind.
For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born and born.
And our door was blue in her with bills all gone.
All right.
Bill's the cause and mine and cut.
She lets style the gigo.
Every time he makes it, we go.
Mine and go is not the kind you can do in the.
But a cigar and her.
She don't mind.
Oh, can you say a demon?
A master is faster.
Oh, yeah.
What you got to do is take a tip or reload.
And put it in.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, now, a cigar and her.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that was pretty close.
And it's a good thing I was paying like a little bit of attention
because Joshua had been diving all over the button and on it and around it and over it.
But, but I caught it just in the old nicotine.
And pick out of that facts about Ferel, the nauseating obsession that some of these people have.
It's really sad because they haven't got no clue.
They haven't got any idea how much it's serious, how much grief this guy created for all of us.
Really did.
Yeah.
Total lose can.
I'm just talking about on the year.
I'm talking about off the year as well.
But that's okay.
You just keep up in yourself for.
Yeah, he was great.
US General, disgusted by prison photos.
In the face of international outrage, a US-led coalition military official said he's disgusted.
By an autobi by photographs that apparently show American soldiers abusing detainees
at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.
The photographs which first aired Wednesday on CBS 60 Minutes 2 in the US were shown today by Arab TV Networks.
That should go over real big.
Brigadier General Mark Kim at the coalition deputy chief of operations said that he was a paul
that fellow soldiers who were the same uniform would do this.
They let us down.
It's hard to provide any way to provide any excuse.
They crossed the line, violated every tenant we teach in the Army about dignity and respect
adding that he was expressing his personal opinion, not speaking on the coalition's behalf.
US military said six-sold US soldiers have been charged with abusing inmates at the prison
which was infamous under Saddam Hussein's reign, of course for abusing prisoners.
CBS said it has dozens of pictures, purportedly showing a wide range of abuse.
Some of the images published on the One London-based Newspapers website show naked hooded prisoners
and won a male and female soldier's smile as they pose with prisoners.
One picture apparently shows an Iraqi prisoner standing on a box with his head covered
and wires attached to his hands.
And it goes on.
Well, you'll see him 80-bit in time.
You'll see him in a certain way.
Make the rounds.
If you thought you saw Janet Jackson's booby a lot, just wait, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Now, speaking of that, I just got to go back because then we have a lot of people who come in,
of course they shouldn't be.
They should be listening all four hours solid all through the day.
But they don't.
They pretend they have a life.
I have no life.
And so they may have missed the beginning of the show.
This is far too important, just like, you know, go over the real light looking as smearly.
The Miami Herald is just a piece of crap is what it is.
It's just, it's frost my ass.
That stuff gets put in the newspaper and people, because they see it in print, they actually believe it.
Oh, I saw it in the Herald.
It must be true.
It's in the, I saw in the paper.
If you saw it in the Herald.
Yeah, you can be, what you ought to do is read ten other papers just to be sure.
Go online and check with everything else you can just to verify.
Because if you saw it in the Herald, it's probably full of crap.
In their business section, they hear a big story by Howard Cohen.
And how are you ought to be ashamed of yourself, whoever you are, okay?
In fact, I think we ought to go out and get some beef jerky right now and just whip some incense into that boy.
Headline says, big 106 not hurt by shock, shock loss.
Big 106 is sudden replacement of the controversial but popular shock shock Howard Stern.
Apparently had little impact on the radio station's most recent ratings.
It says, in a three month period ended March 31st, the ranking of WBGGA K8 Big 106 fell from 21st to 22nd overall ratings in the past.
The demographic of 12 plus the latest arbitrant figures released yesterday show.
That's the only accurate thing that he's got in there.
The only problem being that nobody cares about 12 plus.
And I'll say it again, how much intelligence do you have to have to figure that if Howard Stern had been 17th in any demographic that mattered,
then nobody would have cared about it.
Right. And morning drive time hours however when Stern showed here, the station maintained its number 17 position.
They were never number 17. In the fall book, they were number four when Stern was on with a 4.3 share.
In this winner book, they dropped from a 4.3 to a 2.7 and they're number 18. They were never number 17 either book.
Most of the tracking period included Stern, show except for March.
And again, that's another misleading statement because the rating period was January, February, March, so the third was without Stern.
The full effect of Stern's departure on late February likely be felt the next quarter's tracking period.
But again, the essence of this station which supposedly is there, the Harold coverage of yesterday's arbitrage ratings for the Miami 4 lottery of Hollywood market.
The essence being, well, they're not doing so bad without them.
They dropped in February in men 2554, which is his main demo and the one that we most care about.
WBG dropped from a 9. What was it?
I'm going to look at it. 9.9, almost a 10 share in February to a 1.8 March.
Just a small drop. No big thing. From a 7.1 in January, a 9.9 in February and a 1.8 share, this is a 100,000 watt class CFM, okay?
A signal bigger than Howard Cohn's ass and that's saying a lot.
And they put this in there so Eric did a good job. He put this on our website and says more, more bull crap or whatever you put on there from the Harold.
More lies, more BS, more misinformation.
I'm still waiting for Tom Jicke to write something, okay, aren't you? Because I know that muff gave him all the numbers yesterday.
Yeah. And if you write about anybody on the airtime, you might want to listen to some names in there too, sweetheart.
A 9.9 to a 1.8. Gerald didn't have much impact. It's a good thing.
His actor Alhood Hill would want to listen to Howard Cohn speaking of that. NPR's poor reception.
Bumpy Morning Edition note. Now you listen NPR. I've never heard it in my life. Not for a second.
Right. I'm sure you know who Bob Edwards is was.
No. What? Is it the afternoon guy? No. Morning guy. No.
Bob Edwards sits at the, oh, that's right. You're listening to them all.
Absolutely. Bob Edwards sits at the center console of Morning Edition's main studio, soundly reading yellow sheets of script. He crosses out a line, writes in new words,
grozzling around a paragraph. Putting his headphones on Edwards speaks to Emily Harris reporting from a rack about car bombings in Basra.
Then he does a live introduction to a taken review about irrebriactively disfitting on this particular Wednesday.
I as on just about every week, they for nearly 25 years. Edwards voices on Ruffold is commas the room in which he works on the second floor of NPR's head quarters on Massachusetts Avenue Northwest Washington DC.
His baritone is the voice 13 million Americans a week here on the videos. They take their showers drink their coffee, drive to work every morning.
That's more people. I'm listening to anyone except Rush Limbaugh. Oh, that one worse than midday when there's no competition for Howard Stern and Don Amis and all the morning zoos who tussle over the airways. Charles Osbyd says that for most people by Edwards is the definition of public radio.
He's a legend. Senator John Sinuso. Sinunu also says I'll miss him. Well, that's pretty exciting. Because in a move, even the bosses at the National Public Radio admit they bungled tomorrow.
We bob Edwards last day. Is this a written yesterday? Yes. So that means today is his last day. That's already done.
As host of the morning edition, not the most listened to news program on radio. He's been named a senior correspondent.
The Simon defined while NPR veterans reach Montenier and Steve Innskeep start Monday is in Rome. Co-hosts the switch NPR executive say is part of a system.
The system wide changes driven by the need to expand in deep and coverage. Yaudi, yaudi.
So it goes on at grain length and the listeners are p.o. The listeners. Why should they be different from anybody else?
Listeners everywhere p.o. I mean, our show is watered down like taking a like taking a big tub of Ben and Jerry's fish food and put in about 80% of water in it.
Stern is off the air in South Florida and the five other markets. And people ask you is this for real? Are we just joking? Are we kidding around?
And then Dave the cop wants us to play freeway and spigot. You must be you must be on heavy duty stuff today man heavy medication for the weekend.
Dave the cop. In fact, my heart was like fluttering around in my throat when I realized that I started playing that last bit.
And just when I got to that word there that all I said I better take a look at this because I think I screwed up and guess what I did.
It was going to be the one where it says that. Yeah, and that would be really bad.
From minutes after what at five, 60 WQM don't forget join Geldie tonight. Six to eight at the quarter deck.
123 70 West sunrise Boulevard plantation. Stop by for specials on Amstelite and while you're there you can register to win a trip for to the Iceland open coming up in June in Iceland.
No less that six to eight tonight. Geldie at the quarter deck in sunrise.
We'll tell you all about James McDonald how he retired. How he's going to take his job. He's going to do this. How Moe is a real.
Absolutely.
As your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation called one 866 at Oasis.
That's one 866 to eight 627 47 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing left the Oasis outsourcing people make your business more profitable for a free valuation call them toll free.
One 866 at Oasis that's one 866 to 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Slide in local your sports video 560 suing you a m.
David Milton version of the old west when cowboy was smelly and used 500 curse words for sentence there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his friend while building.
What's your name but these parts stranger? Yeah, who did it for you? I'm Buffalo Bear, mommy.
He said, Ted let me give a low bill. You sure are fast on a
job. I wouldn't be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a hole. Stranger.
That's about as close as we can get to promoting the viral.
That would only on 8.
The O.
118 at 560 WQM the man dog at 2. So guess what Bob Edwards signed off this morning NPR.
Who?
Well, I mean just had that story and here's the follow up because the show is over. He's done.
After nearly 25 years this host of Morning Edition, he thanked the hundreds of people who've done their best to make me sound like I know what I'm talking about.
He said his removal is one of the nation's most recognizable radio voices launched a petition-ravid protest did not change the decision by public radio executives to reassign him.
He ended his run today by interviewing Charles Ogggo, I was going to CBS News.
Ogggo was the first person he spoke to when Morning Edition started in 1979. He said you're the alpha and the omega he said.
He's been the only host of the show and he didn't hide his disappointment at the reassummit. He was hoping it'd be there for the show's 25th anniversary this fall.
And they said, not no fast Bob, you're out. You're out Tom. Maybe I could help you're out Tom.
56670560 we're talking bad here today, man. We got no shortage of people on here. Which of these people has the worst looking head of hair real or imaginary dead or alive?
Donald Trump 224, Mohawar David, it's moving up a bit. 109. Don King 80, San Donaldson 58, Jim Trapecan 35, Condoleez at 24, Gene Katie 14. I still have no idea who that is.
Who is he? Perdino Casco. I don't care. Mara Albert 30, Ted Kaapold 10, Dennis Cassettich 9, Howard Cossell 9.
Boy, Dave Johnson just hated him. Matt Lauer, who's here is like all over the place. One day it's this one day and I never watched the show. So how do I know?
5, Trent Lot 5, Dennis Rodman 4, Wobby Goldberg 4, Albert Einstein 4, Benny Hint 3, Aaron Brown's all the way up to 3. He's moving it.
Bert Reynolds 3, Marty Allen's got a pair. I love it too. Phyllis Diller 2, Carrot Topps got only 2. How's that possible?
Al Sharpton 2 and from there on. It's really slim pickings. Rick Dudley's got the big. He got nothing in every possible way. Rick Dudley is the big O.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T line. WQA him. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, Pali. You know, I keep hearing all these things and going on and then mutton Jeff.
All of these things. Yes. Just went over to before Congress and such. But remember, it's just the police action.
Yeah, right. Sure. That's what I say. Okay. Good luck to him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T. Pretty funny stuff, huh?
I was like, there was such great humor in there. You're hearty heart. Maybe this guy will be just laughing out loud when Ted Coppels reading the names of those all those dead soldiers night joining pictures.
He'll get here. Pretty good. Yeah, how loud. And luckily, Channel 10 is not owned WPLG by that outfit by Sinclair Broadcasting Group.
And so they will be showing the ABC Ted Coppels night, 11, 35, like most of the affiliates around the country except for those stations owned by a bunch of bushers sucking clowns.
Man, what a disgrace. See, this is what it comes down to. You got die-bow, nice devoting machines. You got people like to see the Chief Channel and the Sinclair InfoX News.
And they just continue out brainwashing, selectively putting whatever they want. CNN, which is, I got to read this art column by Maureen Dow. You know, you want to know why? It's not our website. It's not real long because it fits in with what I said before about how that statement by John McCain should have come from John Kerry.
About the censorship business, but John Kerry don't seem to care about censorship, whether it's radio, whether it's about television, whether it's in clear group, Chief Channel, no matter who it is.
So he has nothing to say about a Maureen Dow writes in New York Times yesterday. He says, so let's see what's our swell choice here.
A guy who mined being a fighter pilot on a carrier versus a guy who mined throwing his medals over offense and incumbent who sticks with the wrong decisions based on the wrong facts versus a challenger who seems unable to stick to one side of any of this decision right or wrong.
A Republican who's a world class optimist is by making the world more dangerous and virulently anti-American versus a Democrat who looks like a world where we're loner, even as he pledges to make the world safer and more pro-American.
A president who can't go anywhere without his vice president to give him the answers versus a candidate who can't go anywhere without his campaign butler-slice buddy to give him peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Bush campaign strategy just don't seem worried that every positive developed in the administration predictor would happen if we invaded Iraq as sourdend the opposite.
As an article on Monday in the Times noted about the growing ranks of angry Muslims, the call to G-Hod is rising in the streets of Europe and is being answered.
Communing with the higher father in the Almighty, president pushes either stumbled into a holy war or swaggered into one.
In their new book The Bushes, Peter and Michelle Schweitzer who interviewed many Bushes including the president's father and his brother Jeb, quote, one on the name brother of the same that W.C.'s the war on terror is a religious war.
He doesn't have a PC view of this war. His view is that they are trying to kill the Christians and we know the Christians will strike back with more force and more ferocity than they'll ever know.
Bush strategy seem to believe that the worst Mr. Bush makes things the better off he is because nervous Americans will claim that the obstinum present they know over the vacillating challenger they don't know.
Senator Kerry's talent for turning a winning proposition into a losing one is disturbingly reminiscent of Al Gore who somehow managed to lose an election he won.
So was Mr. Kerry sometimes supercellius manner and is habit of exacerbating a small thing with an answer that's not quite straight.
When the senator was asked last week whether he owned a gas-scarping Chevy Silver Suburban SUV he replied, I don't own an SUV only to have to admit when pressed further by reporters that his wife owns the SUV.
The family has it he said, Langley, I don't have it.
The White House pounds Mr. Kerry for not playing straight on small bore stuff even as they don't play straight on huge bore stuff.
The House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi pronounced the administration in denial yesterday after hearing Kandy Rises briefing for House Democratic lawmakers.
This is an administration that told us our troops would be welcomed with roses she said instead it's rock and propelled grenades.
This is an administration that told us the Iraqi government would be able to pay for its own reconstruction and soon in outs costing nearly $200 billion to American people.
She added and it was expressed by the National Security Advisor now that yes there was disappointment.
Disappointment about the Iraqi security forces not being able to secure the region that they were assigned to and this is the judgment that the American people have placed their confidence in.
Mr. Kerry airs on the side of giving the answer he thinks people want to hear even as Mr. Bush airs on the side of giving the answer he expects people to accept is true.
When the president was asked yesterday by a reporter whether it would take an all-out military offensive to put down the violence of Valuja and whether this would impede the transfer of power on June 30th, he was reassuring despite news of the aerial bombardment of Valuja by U.S. gunships and the 70 ton battle tanks being rushed into aid Marines and escalating the fight.
Most of Valuja's returning to normal to president said presumably defining normal as flattened.
Anyway is that 10 minutes to normal as Karen Hughes would say or 10 years to normal and what on earth is normal when you're talking about Iraq chaos theory asks Marine down.
So she's got her thumb right on it man.
So does.
And as usual democratic party like a vintenia for a long time snatching the feet from the jaws of a gun we got a long way to go but I mean this should be an over and it should be a shoe and a shoe after the Bushmaster and his knee op cons.
But once again just from the Michael do caucuses of the world and just just never stop to the Walter Mondales and Geraldine for a row.
26 after one at five sixty WQ have been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare well here's a way to eliminate that problem design concept builders is the answer you've been searching for design concept builders has been one of the top home model is in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons.
There are 100% customer satisfaction and there are no excuses policy they refuse they positively refused to have it on happy customer.
The off the equality work fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor war in T2 so I take the risk of a nightmare when you're adding on your house whether it's a kitchen a bathroom windows any of the project call the folks you can depend on design concept builders at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six or on the net it's design concept builders dot com and
five and six available with no payments for six months with the proof credit you can also receive a 10% discount or all your modeling but only through the end of the month of April which means today's the deadline so call them today design concept builders check them on the web design concept builders dot com and then make that call save some extra cash 10% by calling today nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six and look all this is for 30 by 60
bers
But you keep returning fascinated by your diss
Who can't tell if she ate chicken or tuna fish?
Cause they serve my brains away
So my brains away
Here's something you don't see on every reality show
People who I pay is just for what they do not know
But you always do and cause I say the darn is the thing
Like the time I thought that both the locals have tiny ways
Cause they serve my brains away
31, you know you almost let me get on here without the most important story of the year
OJ murder confession
What?
It's on the front page of the inquirer
Why missed it?
OJ's family, OJ Simpson's family members believe that his daughter Sydney overheard her father chillingly confessed to the brutal murder of her mom Nicole
The inquirer is learning a startly new blockbuster revelation
Oh my god
As we previously reported, Sydney thought she had witnessed your father static or weather death on that faithful night in 1994 when she was eight years old
But repressed the traumatic memory
Now, in an equally shocking development as the ten year old as the ten year anniversary of Nicole's death near is family members believe varied memories of her father's confession are surfacing and causing the ongoing feud between OJ and Sydney to explode
We believe the reason for Sydney's frustration and her anger at her father is that she thinks she heard and make a confession about the killings of family source told the inquirer
You following us?
I think I'm reading this in this week's inquirer which is dated something, I don't even know where the hell of data is
Something something and she thinks she may have heard it
Got it?
Got it
At one point she thought she witnessed the murder Sydney was prone to sleep walking when she was younger and may have stumbled downstairs while her brother Justin then five slept and seen her father killing her mother
Because she was so traumatized she may have repressed her memory of the murder but as Sydney's getting older some of these repressed memories are surfacing and now she remembers him on the phone admitting to the killings
Incredibly, Sydney recently told pals about a phone conversation her father had after he was found not killed in the criminal case as the family source
OJ said, okay I did it, that's what under the bridge so what the source reveals
Like maybe did you move along today?
Right
Okay, I did it
The expert forensic psychiatrist did you like shoot a triple bogey on the 14th?
Okay, I did it
An expert forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Neil SK, who is not treating Sydney says it's possible that she's repressed memories of events pointing to her father's guilt
There are situations generally involving trauma where people will repress or forget things
He said, but another forensic psychiatrist Dr. Moihann Nair said it may also be possible that Sydney has had these memories all along but only able to talk about them now because she's older
It is possible she heard her dad say these things and his hell inside all these years and now feels safer speaking up because she's an adult
So Dr. Nair who's not treating Sydney, whatever the reason family members believe that Sydney's memories are the reason that a relationship with the dad has deteriorated
After the killings, in fact, here's a picture of Sydney, she's a knockout, yes she is
She's a high school senior in Miami whose relationship with her father's described as icy cold
After the killings, she became withdrawn, gained weight, burst in unpredictable rages at her father
Last year, she even locked herself in a room and called Poli, said for a heated argument with her dad and went too far at their Mime home she heard the end of 9-11 call, the Ellen and OJ, you're a loser
She heard at the end of the 9-11 call yelling, oh she's heard, you're a loser
I thought maybe to go on the other end of the phone with Sydney
Now Sydney, a high school senior in Miami who wants to become a child psychologist, his older friends, she can't wait to get out of the house
The relationship between OJ and his daughter is icy cold sitting on the family's source, they sell them pocket, then to February, OJ was in the Bahamas then returned to Miami, they argued
Then a week later before OJ went to LA to work on this proposed reality TV show, Juiced is the name of the show, the two had more words
As the source, Sydney says she's counting the days till she's off to college where she has more freedom and can begin her adult life
Nicole, sister and niece, Brown, said if Sydney did overhear her dad's confession, would explain a lot
They don't get along very well, they tolerate each other and best she told the inquirer, although OJ has never hit Sydney as quick to lose his temper and frightens her sources, say
For that reason they doubt the petty team will ever confront him about what she thinks she saw the night of the murders or what she overheard him say on the phone
And of course she sure hopes he won't read the inquirer, this is pretty weak, you know, this is lame
And then Juiced lawyer Kardashian, died knowing the truth, is the whole thing in here about though they interviewed his wife
Yeah, Bob Kardashian, and she didn't say nothing
He didn't say nothing, and after he got real sick, her Kardashian, OJ called and talked to her, wanted to speak to Bobby, he was on a verge of death
He never spoke to OJ again
I made the decision that he, when he called, I wasn't going to let him speak to him, Robert never even knew that Simpson had called
I felt it was the right decision, my husband was near death at the time, all those years ago I've gone by a Simpson that had never called
Never came to the funeral either, and I was real glad about that
But you read this whole thing here, and she knows say anything
So it's much to do about nothing, the inquirer's head like three, four issues in the world have been really, really weak, I mean lame
And so they're going to have to put a blockbuster on the front there, we got Michael Sachsen way, way back on the inside there
Way, way back to try to get you to go through all the ads and buy some magnetic bracelets
And a few more naked pictures of Brittany and Aston Kuchi Kuchi, Kuchi Kuchi, Kuchi
But on the front page we got the OJ, you've got to see the look on this face, his daughter's really acute
Yeah, I'll see it
And she's cute
5, 6, 7, OJ, 5, 6, 7, OJ did it, that was great, even the croke couldn't do that
See, it's a blubbubble thing, it goes to show it's all that propaganda man
5, 6, 7, OJ, 60
I like that one
How about you do?
Man, that croke, he's, now what is he on, he's got to be on this weekend, we got all this baseball crap going on, I mean the Marlins are hot
He's on 230 to 330 Marley for the Marlins giant game, and it grows on 2 to 230, just a quick half hour with a cro
That's all you need, he can get all his good shots in a half an hour if what I'm all in game on Sunday
I mean you can say
How about you and the Meebe trove the Meebe, the blubbubble, okay?
He can't be in a lot less than a half an hour, he said a whole bunch of times
5, 6, 7, O, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
So I may have just read that from the inquire room, may have just printed that thing
And somebody may have actually said that that they heard it, got it?
Maybe
Good
WQM, hello
WQM, hello
Deal
Yes sir
Hey, Longtime, I wasn't spoken with you in a long time
Well here you go, here's your chance, man
Hey, I never got to talk to you about the FCC, I was wondering if you could still say the word Chris
No, 5, 6, 7, O, 5, 60, whatever it is, the answer is, I can't say it
WQM, hello
How about Jim Lara for worst care?
Jim Lara from PBS
Yeah
Pretty boring guy too, okay thank you sir, Jim Lara, that's L-E-H-R-E-R
Jim Lara, as he pronounces it and I have no idea why
I mean Tom Lara was Tom Lara, right?
But Jim Lara is Jim Lara
I have no clue
Well I talk about a boring newscast, 5, 6, 7, O, 5, 60, it is
If you ever watched the PBS news out, you know when Robin and Neil was on air, but if you think it's boring now
I mean you know it's one thing to be an intellectual and to be like an egghead and all these things, you know
All of these things
But it's another thing to be coma inducing and that's what PBS is, which is why nobody watches
WQM, hello
Neil
Except frontline last night, yes sir
How about Tony Sigerritto?
Tony Sigerritto's got, I don't know, he's got funky here, I don't think so, forget that
You ever noticed anything about Tony's here?
He's got conditioner in it, it's coma back
I think this guy may want to, you know, get in touch with him, so to speak
5, 6, 7, O, 5, 60, I think they're running dry, I think the list is pretty good, well you put a few, huh?
Since about 11, 30
No, no, they're red, and we got a few more coming on here, and I'm sure that there's some very obvious glaring ones that they've left off, which we could extend the hand of, you know, assistance there
But why now should we do that? We have to do everything for these people?
Err, what?
With all this great free entertainment?
Don't forget to join Gelly, one last little promo for Gelly tonight, because he sure, he sure deserves it, and boy does he hate mo or what?
He just can't stand it, no mo
Join Gelly, he'll tell you, just poke him in the ribs a couple of times ago, like that
6th away tonight at the quarter deck, 12370, what sunrise bullet bar plantation
Step by the gut, specials on Amstel Light and registered to win a pick for two to the Iceland open golf tournament coming up in June, you might be the lucky winner
That 6th away tonight with Gelly at the quarter back in sunrise
You could have been better than local, this is 420 by 6
You can win, you can win
It's day, open by any town, at 560 WQA
The End
Back in the day when someone was wrong, we didn't take their crap
In Pearl Harbor, when the jacks dropped their bones
We bombed them back, and now the Saudis, they hit us hard
And on our cards our little flags wave
As that saunil, loving, retired, voice of honors the wrong way
And of embarrass to be in America's, where they found no bulls like cheese
The United States of America's, and by Bush and his family, we they got this country
The hammering door to the darkest days, and I just agreed
I don't want to be a tax America's, in the USA
What's a few thousand innocent lives, stop living in the mess
If you want, let us, you be to try
You're gonna need more gas, it's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe, and anyone who says that obviously, ends up for to be
And of embarrass to be in America, where we take triad and cleavd
Wema flag and would ask, with our head in the sand
It blindly follow the powers that we have ascetic
And I don't- I don't- I don't- I don't know
Oh my God!
USA!
146, I love that. In fact, I like even better with all the added sounds in it. You know, like that one's my favorite.
It's appropriate. Now, I don't know if we can play this. It's actually called nasal passages.
The bush sounds like somebody faxed the one here. Can we play it? They're clean. I mean, it's clean.
Well, well, we'll keep... we're close to the button now. Let's find out.
Because it blows.
I like that.
Close that button. Close it before I keep.
Oh my God!
Every time I have you got yours, I can't help noticing how much peace lorels on it.
All that you can't run in your brain inside is no one's nothing else.
Read, make it through the nasal passages.
Yeah, that's why George always must be had no later path to death.
He bought a jeep to inhale the thud they smile.
That's your noob, dude.
Oh, I'm sorry.
He was born in so many parties so goddamn drunk.
Without his name, I'm a victim.
So nice.
Life of the party is my life day.
Don't you guys.
It's a little bit less than the two sales for a break and no days or whatever.
That's the reason he's not the only guy that has no days or whatever.
No.
I bought my ticket and I'm holding my passport tight.
What did I do?
See, I can fix that up with great ease for like, oh this summer time, I gotta let's
fix that up.
And you're gonna be doing the show almost every day.
I can like fix up a whole bunch of these with just one or two like that, you know.
Right.
Sure.
So, thank God the Lord for guilty.
5, 6, 7, 8, 1.
What are you laughing about without the, where the hell would it be?
I mean, this is boring.
Okay, I know.
Nobody wants you to that because he reminds him of the censorship and he'd like pissed off
him part of what he here puts a smile on their push, you know.
That's kind of cute.
Yeah.
No, that's not good.
WQM, hello.
Hey, you ever been to Oklahoma?
No thanks.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Natelle.
Yes, sir.
How about a toast, Marley?
Let's go to a whole bunch of these on before I have to bear a lot of here.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Gil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you should have big board on a US one and stuff Miami up there.
No.
Oh, it's beautiful.
It's right on the road.
Big board of what?
Have you?
Oh, great.
Well, thanks for the good news.
149, a QAM.
I got the local Mississippi five-sixty.
The radio's all yours.
QAM.
QAM.
Fast.
Fast.
If you're home, the baby, now you're about to use your strength.
No, the neoclassmen, go, but it's control your strength.
Don't you consider these eyes?
Nothing's right now.
They take you, such as by the soul, things are facts.
You can't make it anymore.
There's a countdown.
If you're not carrying a decade on the Christian,
then what you say on the air will be considered.
But there's no foot, the present and now.
And for me, the silent borders,
that's like the money, now that's back from my life.
You can't make it anymore.
After all, you can't say that.
You can't make it anymore.
With that prince, you'll know the fun.
All the FCC.
With five years of death, I take your life into my heart.
That's for all I know to be a virtue or both.
Or I could have my baby, no two big kids for it.
No trouble, six no now.
I can't allow the facts.
Or write out weird geopolitics.
You can't make it anymore.
You can't say that.
I'll be almost as big kid about all that, right?
Sure.
It's 155.
We got the mad dog standing by.
He'll be along in two.
Joseph Gacchia this afternoon,
because the Humper is up there.
The Hebrew hammer is up in the Louisville.
The plunges guts on the Derby tomorrow.
And what's not to like with that?
Then we got the big O at seven o'clock.
I'm so sorry.
We'll apologize in advance.
Ninth, 40, it's the pregame.
Marlon's on deck.
Marlon's at San Francisco at 1015 tonight.
What are we going to do about that?
We're going to have to go back to the
next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
We're going to have to go back to the next day.
Howard Cosell 9, Tremelot's got 6, Carrotop 5, and Lyle Lovett 5.
Dennis Rodman 5, Matt Lauer, a whole bunch of 5, including whoopee Gover, who should have like 500.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Children's fucking leg.
WQM, hello.
You know what, since they ran out of names, then we go to this.
Which is good.
Let's get a whole bunch of these in.
We still got a couple of minutes.
WQM, hello.
QA, hello.
K-Neal.
Yes, sir.
Two more for your list if they're not dead.
We're not too late.
Two late.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
They're going to love two more.
I got a whole list for you.
You're going to have to hold, I'll bring down my arm like in memento.
All the way to my elbow, all the way to my...
Wreck them.
Ask.
WQM, hello.
K-Neal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
My favorite clips are...
Hi, I'm Cali.
No, I want my right to hear it.
That was good, huh?
What did I tell you?
I know full.
I've been around a block a few times.
I can smell it when you're like one and really dry.
What are you making all kinds of guttable sounds for?
And by the way, what I'm on vacation?
Yeah.
What?
I'm just getting a long full air.
Oh, I see.
For next week.
Save it.
Save it because I think you'll need it.
Well, I'm on vacation now.
Be sure you'll be emailing me all of those breakouts
because I'm already disappointed.
I would have thought that Maddie Bell and...
Miss Tanner and always would have had all those breakouts.
And probably we actually made it, which is why they're trying to prolong as possible.
Definitely.
Probably. He has a read.
Who will?
Duff. You'll get him first.
He's still going to be there?
5, 6, 7.
That's just a little joke.
You know what?
He's a little bit on the nervous side.
So I just like adding to it a little bit.
He's just, eh, just...
Just squeamish side.
W and Q and hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I got one.
It's good.
You're both.
Okay.
How about Gene Wilder?
J. Gold company, Wilder than Gene.
How about that?
That's semi-affrold, Hulk over...
What are they?
That's crazy luck, yeah.
Okay, good choice.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, I'll tell you another one and nobody here because everybody forgot them already.
What's the guy...
