560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show
To talk to Neil, dial 567-0560 in David Brower
He'll be there soon, he's called toll free at 877-75
635-325 for writing where the users can call for free
By dialing Pound 560, the opinions expressed by Neil
His guests are callers to now represent those under the Williams management staffers' sponsors
No, the Neil Roger Show on 560-WQAM
I'm dialing on the hands
Never watch his hair or seem to have a care, Kobe
His name was Kirk, now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe
White thing drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe
I have no right
Neil Vano was hot, and now his curt they ain't got Kobe
He got high, said goodbye, then he died, Kobe
Made a million and I'll never took a shower, Kobe
He's a number one hit in heaven's Big Moshpit, Kobe
He'll meet Elvis the King and say grunge with my thing, Kobe
That's a looting, so if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe
He got high, said goodbye, then he died, Kobe
Well, we'll see, we're gonna have a whole Kirk Kobe story on there, aren't we? For at least the 10th, 15 seconds?
Lovely, because Kurt Cobain was murdered maybe, or maybe not, how much Yomorson he might have done it, you know
Yomorson might have actually come, he might still have been alive like they say, and maybe he was afraid the Kurt Cobain was gonna take his place in rock and roll history
And maybe to sneak up the automation, it was range out, you think?
Maybe, speaking of people getting their planes, planes blown out, huh?
21 coalition troops dead in the last three days, the beginning of the show we bring in the bad news every day, tried to get out of the way
And of course the mainstream media that what they're actually talking about on CNN right now, which is about time, it's worth it though
U.S. troops battled Iraqi guerrillas today on the edges of Fallujah, which hundreds of Marines and Iraqi troops have surrounded in a major operation
To pacify one of Iraq's most violent cities, the military reports now five Marines killed in that area
The the Americans were killed by hostile fire Monday bringing to five the number Marines killed that day, so that's 10 and you can't even keep count anymore
In northern Baghdad's Kazamiya district tree west soldiers were killed on members of the first armored division, so the bottom line is 21 more in the last three days
And the death just continues, but like you said, El President Tejels is it's worth it
Yeah, in June 30th, don't forget June, that's gonna be the day we're gonna hand over the keys of the kingdom and they're gonna say, I'll ride, we got everything under control, aren't they?
No, chaos
On a much brighter note behind the beaten curtain today for your over the age of 100, yeah, and if you got 55 pieces of ID and if all your relatives will sign way their lives to you, you might be able to take a peek
And you keep your eye on John Ascroft on his photo one here because his eyes continue moving those BDI's ahead, so be sure you have your hands above the counter when you click on our thing
We got Natasha Hensbridge today very nice Natasha was born in Springdale, Newfoundland Canada A in 1974, which makes her
And raised in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada at the age of 14 she left home to begin her modeling career in the highly competitive Paris fashion world
She landed her first cover on French Cosmopolitan when she was only 15 and since grace the covers of many international fashion magazines
She also appeared in commercials for products as such as Lady Stetson oil of Olae, can we say that oil of O'B**k and old spice, which is a beast in our talking model, it's spice just before the show
That's the new fragrance that the crow is wearing now. Yeah no more French perfume. No more that the cashmere bouquet crap, he must be moving up in the world, the crow's got the really heavy duty stuff now
How about you and the meeb trobe the meeb the gop
I'll pass. Anyway now she lives in LA Natasha and she divides time between the two coast and continues to be in demand as a model while pursuing a blossoming career as an actress and if you check the picture out she appears to be blossoming nicely
Yes Natasha won an award for best kiss in a movie and that's something when I was the MTV 96 movie awards best kiss in a movie
Species was the movie with species co-star Anthony Guadera you know who that is no I don't either but you'll know who Natasha is when you take a peek at our beaded curtain today
And again you must have several pieces of ID now we got a big opening day today for the marlins let's hear for those marlins which we love the big time on this show right now
Which we are getting paid by the pound today because we got Zach sitting where Josh Corn is usually since because Josh is out there holding Dave and boring's hand at the ballpark
Good morning Josh Corn is yesterday said Dave and boring is living up to his name big time now what he said something like that
I don't want to create a problem for him out there but he thinks of Ann boring is just terminal and he's right
Well I mean we can't look we can't like every bit I tell you who we like right
We like blue the lot
Right yeah we love boobie love who's good he's a little bit a little rock and rolly hey it's a high outside for ball onion
A little rock and rolly but he's great and I don't know why he didn't take the job of the mess wouldn't you take the job of the mess if he really was offered that job
I'm not sure if it was as good as this one what do you mean by that because I think there's they have a three man booth instead of a two man booth so he'd be getting a whole family
Oh come on you wouldn't rather with his talent in his future you wouldn't rather be doing in New York at a big apple as opposed to a horse ball horse and buggy place like South Florida
Which they got 60,000 screaming phony's going to be there today and tomorrow there'll probably be seven or eight thousand
I got one word for you one money yeah so there's more money on the deal he's got here what's your saying
Well I mean short term money is not the long term fix oh sorry Zach hey anyway here's here's a red
By the way welcome Zach to our show he's sitting on that side today and tomorrow he's going to be sitting with a beast sitting right now
So make a nice big indentation there for him he'll feel comfortable he'll fit right in trying to break in the seats yeah break it break in the seat
Anyway here's the pull result about the marlins that we took yesterday is pretty looking pretty good for David Samson as a matter of fact
See let's look at the glass being very full like the ballpark today and then after we can all say we did it yeah over and over again we can say we did it
1850 votes and that was our second pull yesterday so we can definitely say we did it how much do you care about the marlins it's opening day
All right all right not at all zero not a 570 30.30.8% that was my vote I'm being honest I'm not going to be a phony like so many of you people I'm not a baseball fan
And if I were a baseball fan I'd start probably still be a Marlin fan I like the marlins okay
I'm just set up with baseball makes me nauseous
You're on a mark and it's boring which you admitted yesterday I did not plus your red sucks fan oh yeah and also guess what starts tomorrow night
In the middle of the beast tomorrow is the first to play off series NHL stand the cup playoffs and improvements in Montreal be going at it tomorrow night in Boston
There you go
At least they'll have a full crowd for that game talk about attendance man
They they just don't draw flies in that fleet center. I think they should have stayed in the garden don't you?
Yeah with the obstructed views well
I had listened but at least they used to pack it they were packing it in there which I think since they made it legal
They had to move to the fleet center and you can't say fleet enemy center no more either because then you go to jail
Anyway
570 to almost 31% so they don't care at all about the marlins which I think is just disgraceful even though it's true
I'm a fan I go to a few games 487 a
Little bit they care a little bit 440 in other words enough to watch a couple of pitches here a couple there the channel surfing
Oh there I'll watch for half an inning
a lot I'm a huge fan honest 238 only 12.8% and
I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlin fan which we edited
Belatedly we should have had that on the beginning
113 or 6% so actually if you take away not at all or I'm a fan of another team
You got about 37% so that means 63% almost two-thirds you turn say that they care at least a little bit which I think is something right
Right if you look at it from a positive viewpoint
Right they may not care like a whole lot there a whole bunch of people that are caring up to be there today
But then tomorrow those five oh we don't have any money. We can't come back again
Because it's not a happening I still I mean I know I'm way out on the limon this one everybody also understands it
And I've been a baseball fan since I was a little kid which I'm not anymore either one but I just
The opening day thing just leaves me limp the holiday man everyone around here is festive
It's a holiday. It's a well plus it is Easter week and it's a pace off week and
In fact you can go out to the stadium and break bread or break matsu whichever you choose all depending upon your poison
Yeah, and all you orthodox Jews in Brooklyn quit burning the bread and those fires there
They are whether they inclement weather in the wind and everything has been blowing the fires all around and giving the kitchen
It catches under deadlocks as a matter of fact
Under bagels and deadlocks not a good idea
I guess you can't eat like regular bagels doing pace off can
Sorry, so they're burning their bread and bagels in these big
Barrels I guess right and I've ever heard of that before did you no do you hear that?
Let's see we got three fat Jews on the show today. I think this is pretty exciting. We got a nice short two-hour show
Let me give you today's pull right off the bat because we don't have a lot of time. We don't have too much time to doodle around today
Can I say that no too much time to
And we got a whole new bunch of thanks to Boka Brian
Bleeps
In other words little droppin so if there's a word we can't say we can say hey, we're having a really a
of a time today
Yeah, and then in honor of for all we got we got that
Too bad he ain't gonna be at the ballpark right given away although we don't need him today
To give away thousands of tickets to film up sections like he used to so that everybody can go out and of course next time he comes back in a town
Zach will be out there at the ballpark passing out for goodies to everybody all little kids I
Can't say what you're gonna be but anyway now here's today's pool based on all that's happened
Well listen no playing me for that Zach. That was the beast yesterday said you got a drug problem or drug problem based on all
It's just a joke don't get all uptight now like George the last thing we need George's on vacation this week
We don't need another uptight unhappy camper there. It's a festive day. It's the holidays now
It's exposed to marlins at 120 the pregame at 1245 and well nothing's perfect
So we got Joseph Gaki at the stadium at noon boy. Can you imagine listening to Joseph Gaki and the Dave and boring on the same day?
Man, that is something
Yeah
Oh
Talk about a snooze fest at the ballpark anyway, let's get serious that was the beast snoring you do know that yeah
It is me that was a beautiful thing that was actually for real anyway based on all that's happened
What's your current take on a war in Iraq especially with all these dead bodies now?
It's getting to be really grotesque and getting to be unwieldy and nasty. I supported a hundred percent
I think it had to be done. But it was poorly planned. I'm not sure yet
Over what does that say over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd
It was based on lies or it was based on lies and bush should be impeached
I think we covered all the bases didn't we?
Yeah, let me read the choices again based on all that's happened. What's your current take on a war in Iraq?
I supported a hundred percent
I think it had to be done but it was poorly planned. I'm not sure yet
Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd
It was based on lies or it was based on lies and bush should be impeached. Oh
Those are your choices on today's fantastic very scientific poll
Provinets after 10 to 560 WQ and don't forget Kurt Cobain will be our guest. Oh, and guess what else we got thanks to Volkabryte
What remember how the goddess Randy on air America had the native run?
Remember that sure
Wasn't the right god
Jimmy Carter made a statement the other day about I mean
I'm not playing it because first of all that would be bad would kill some time
But we got that too just for a rainy day sure
It's bringing the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead
You'll find them on US one twenty minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong Toyota homesteads worth the drive to save lots of cash on great
New Toyota's we're talking thousands and savings check out these great least prices and
04 camera or four one are just 269 a month for 48 months
How about an oh four highlander you pay only 309 a month need to truck
How about an oh four Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America you pay only
179 a month for 48 months jump change these is just some of the great savings going on right now at Armstrong
Toyota homestead general manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything under the sun to put you in a great new Toyota
Today they want to cut you deal so experience for yourself the Armstrong
Toyota homestead difference local owned and operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction to the service departments open late to late week nights
To make sure your service work is done done right and it's easy to get there
There was US one and two ninety third in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
Armstrong Toyota homestead offers free tires batteries and replacement parts for life you heard right
tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else does that so don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who over
Promise and under deliver and get you to their dealership under some phony song in the dance do the smart thing called David Rich the GM
And Armstrong's Toyota homestead right now for an unbeatable deal call 305
242 3247
305 242 3247
Grab a little and save a lot thousands on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota homestead
No
Many
Remeres
She's
No, it happened.
That was it.
Oh, you're being slow.
Look it out.
There you go.
Oh, the radio.
Oh, the radio.
All the radio.
Oh
18 at 560 WQM it was pretty exciting this morning Crow and Joe together
That's an idea for a future show don't you think big time the Joe and Crow show and fact how about the Joe Crow and Mojo
Absolutely interesting that be great
Anyway, let's see speaker of the Crow to reason I play that is because Warren chromarty comes back to the scene of the crime again to QA
And it's really shocking. This is one of the like a bad penny, you know, you just can't get rid of it
He just keeps you like a Brad penny
Saturday he was gonna be on from a for to a pregame show 545 and on Sunday
So I guess before Marlon's on deck on a weekend. Is this gonna be a permanent kind of thing? Yeah
Well, I got news for you won't hear him on the Schlachs and where wasn't he over there for a while for about a week
Yeah, he was on the other show. Yeah, he was a book and a guest for
Stugots and then Stu said Terence is a better job of that so get the hell out of here. I got your co-bondits right here home boy
other way if you if you were here right now you'd be voluminous because
Go back to Maddie Bells decked out in Marlon's gear
Skippy has his own shirts evidently that say Skippy. Oh, no special for opening day talk about phony's man
What a bunch of freaking phony's the whole town
But I will say this and I said this to be for the show and I mean this the fact is gonna be probably close to
60,000 people there for this opening day today
And that's just a front-running phony aspect which I've told is famous for but this week when there's a lot of people out of town
I mean there's nobody around
Kids about a school in Broward right? I don't know about Dave, but Broward kids are out of school and
You got your Easter week and the Pesach week and all of these things and so there a lot of people have gone
So the fact that there are 60,000 people there now on the other hand the kids are out of school
Right right so what else are you gonna do keep them off the street?
I mean Zach don't have enough drugs to supply to all those kids so at any rate
But he will be at the game tomorrow and be a small sparser crowd you never know
Isn't that what Ferrell used to do with the crown
What's that I'm with the good stuff? I don't know. Don't start picking on poor Ferrell. Okay. He's having a tough time up in there in Atlanta
I hear a show is so terminally boring now because he can't do his thing, you know, what does he do then?
Talk about what happens when somebody opens up their car and thence your car door things like that
No, seriously, that's what ductal me here. She was monitoring
48 votes so far on a pull now
That's pretty weak for it's been up there a couple of minutes. We should have a hundred already based on all that's happened
What no look we got twenty one more dead the coalition troops over their last three days in Iraq
What's more important opening day or dead bodies right opening day? I mean dead bodies are a dime
It doesn't lately, you know bodies are kids and body bags. It's a small potatoes, but opening day baseball
We're talking heavy-duty especially on Q.A.M. We're all we know from his supports
In fact, I got some really cute. I think Clarence did a couple of these you're working nice his voice on some of these drop-ins here to book a branson
Yeah, that was guilty and for the real Gelly fans out there we got this one. I like a lot
These are great that book of Brian man put him away before it's too late
48 votes you're based on all that's happened what's your current take on a Warner rack
It was based on lies Bush would be in peets 39. That was my vote. I
Think it had to be dumb. It was poorly planned five. It was based on lies three over 600 American lives have been
Sacrified by the bush crowd one. I'm not sure yet zero and I supported 100% zero so far
That what you call your overwhelming support
So far in this crowd now the good news for this audience since they all of a sudden I have no idea where this concern for my health came from yesterday
Because generally die you know die retire something like that right yesterday
They took a sudden turn for my health you're drinking all that diet soda and so they convinced me
I don't know why cuz I'm easy. I guess I have no sales resistance to quick drinking all that diet coke that caffeine-free diet coke because it's got
As per tame in it. What okay? Oh, I'm sorry like I said
It's got pertain in it
Yeah, we can't say ass
So I've got my candid drug club soda here right now, which is a compromise
I can head that record bunch of that flat water you were talking about yesterday Nia or something like that bottle of water and it's
It has no no kick to it. I'm sure it's that being a fat cow. I mean a guy of good taste
Still I'm just saying what I'm saying you don't drink clean flat water do you I love shelter?
Sucks see there you go shelter in fact. It's a Jew thing
They're actually doing pays off nothing like going to the famous years ago and getting that we put a bottle of
Seltzer on every table did you know that but you didn't know that being the punks that you are
The famous I'm watching the avenue man. It was the greatest restaurant in the history of South Florida
They had the big jars of the big things of pickles and oh man the fried crepe was unbelievable
Let's go and on every hell. Let's go on every table over put a bottle of Seltzer water. I'm talking about like real like in a real deli
It was great
So at any rate I'm drinking water now that I'm not drinking anymore a diet soda
Okay, so he just relax all those people are recording yesterday all and the guy who was plugging his bottle of water there
That was shame the alkaline water. Yeah, it's alkaline
Something listen. I made it this far and case the Ross are out okay
All of a sudden they're gonna save my pathetic whole life. Let's see another for the pool get serious now and finish the war
No more than Americans as somebody redlands Jim
No more. Well, okay, I think we got enough there on a pool dish
Which I don't think Zach knows how to add stuff on the pool anyway, huh?
Do yeah
Well, Josh Cornish is out there trying he's taking the no-dos out to Dave Van Bore at the ballpark
It'd be a
Embracing to fall asleep during your broadcast on opening day. I mean any other day when people don't care
It's one thing but to fall asleep so Dave Van Bore has Josh Cornish
They're like slapping him on the back to keep him awake during the game
That's what I've been told his job is out there something like that. Yeah
Look at that now the votes are coming in now they're trickling
83 say it was based on lies and Bush would be impeached absolutely
Out of 115 at 72.1 percent we want to and by the way, let me give you that good website again for that crowd in case you haven't checked it out
If I have it, it's called impeach central calm all one word impeach central calm
It even has a thing for you to sign their petitions again
I apologize that stop at CC calm us sir
It wasn't really a big deal for a lot of effort to sign those petitions and hopefully Scott will get a couple hundred thousand
He'll send him off and get something done
But we just don't know who Scott is we don't have a last name
I'm not gonna raise any money for a cause that we don't know. Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
It just does make sense right because he could like get hit by a bus God forbid tomorrow in the middle man
Had in somewhere and we never see Scott again and what happened to those signatures
So you have to have a little more control over campaign if you're gonna be involved in addition to which I'm still waiting to see the big shots
Oh, it's bigger than that
Yeah, speaking of my second powers again
Infinity broadcasting is reportedly about to be hit with a fine of more than a hundred thousand dollars for a show by Howard Stern
This is a new one
Broadcasting and cable says the fine would be the first one involving Stern that'll hit the broadcaster with a separate fine for each
Indicent utterance during a program
Broadcasters were previously hit with a single fine no matter how many times the program
Crossed the line but the FCC with their obnoxious the psychotic behavior these days put broadcasters I noticed late last year
They would now face possible multiple fines on the same program maybe
Full bunch the current maximum fine 27,500 for each instance should to be obscene
But that fine is let it against each stationary Michelle
So they don't say exactly what the fine is gonna be but more than a hundred grand against infinity as the fines
Just keep rolling in and you know and what Mel Carmers and says oh, we're fine
It's really small potatoes to them
Here's the fact that says here's one way to think of Condi's testimony, which is coming up Thursday by the way
She's one of the actual terrorists going on a witness to my sense
She's gonna tell a bunch of lies that seems shocking and implicate bush to the point of making him seem incompetent and inexperienced
Then she's gonna take the fall
Oh, man
That's up to look forward to who wouldn't want to see Condi's a take the fall
It says in a hole in a world where somebody is always to blame it was all her fault
We she should have known we're all gonna think what a bunch of incompetent India. Well this goes on and on and on
They're gonna blame a black chick then we'll all forget it happened
It says no, we're not gonna forget here until you that nobody's gonna forget
Especially as the body count continues mounting and mounting and mounting and before you know that's gonna be 700 then
It's gonna be 900 then it's gonna be over a thousand
It's all worth it. He was on last night Larry King did a really poor job
So it didn't seem all that animated plus it was past his bedtime
But he was on with Larry last night talking about how this is a Vietnam all over again
It's George W's Vietnam and he's right we're in a quagmire
But anyway, we don't want to get too depressing and more but doing not on opening day. Yeah
Right, yeah, that would be un-American. I mean you got Maddie Bell in there writing around like some kind of a clown
Now who what's what's the story? I guess Miguel is probably squeezing my tickets pretty tight, huh?
I guess so with my Marlon tickets because it would seem to me
It would have been really nice if they would like have mailed them to my home or done something like that so that
They wouldn't be just laying around a building like that. But Ray Perry. He's got bigger fish to fry
I'm sure 26 past 10 at 560 Q.A.M.
Your sports radio 560 Q.A.
And now here's
Comic-Colale the former I Racky Minister of Information with today's health update
Good news. There is no such thing as SARS
You cowardly American intidels have nothing to fear
That's why leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing China and
Lick the door knobs of the restrooms at the local walking clinics
Also a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you
So smoke of me if you got America with today's health update
I'm Mohamed Saeed Al Sahaf may God roast your stomachs in hell
Stay tuned to this station for more updates from the Racky Minister of Information
I wonder if he lies as much as the bush mustard. You think on airs Ralph Nader look at that
Oh, he failed to make the Oregon ballot
Oh, that's good news. That's exciting news. I'm ecstatic here
Fail to make the ballot in Oregon. I mean he'll fail to make the ballot in a whole bunch of other states at least
I'm good man like Florida would be good. Keep him off of there when it down causes us out his crusty old ass
Man talk about an idiot
Anyway, 188 votes based on all that's happened. What's your current take on a war in Iraq?
It was based on lies and bush and being peaked to 140
74.4 percent
Look at that Clinton and the UN announced keep drug initiative. There's Bubba
50% or more and will you certain drugs who say see has been amazing how like presidents at when they leave office
Then they start doing wonderful things like Jimmy Carter and the Bubba right anyway. They went peace prizes
You can only imagine who Bubba is doing right now
Probably a whole bunch of good numbers. It was based on lies this war 14. I supported 100% of dozen the dirty dozen
I think it had to be done, but was poorly planned another dirty dozen over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd
10 and I'm not sure yet three they're waiting they're waiting till the death count gets up to at least two three thousand
And they'll say well, maybe this one's such a good idea. It's bigger than dead people Kurt Cobain
So you forgot to remind me to talk about that
It's probably ought to take a collar to even though we have only a two-hour show and I'm thinking to myself
This two-hour deal is is the way to go right two hours. It's the mandatory and the most three
I think I need to get Norma Kent to renegotiate my whole deal with his outfit
Four-hour show is ridiculous. I mean, you know once upon a time back in the day
That I guess was fine, but that's passe, right? Right
Who else does four hours on this station? No one well Eddie Kay that's about Eddie Kay only on certain days
But many days he does only a couple right? Well, if there's a late game if there's a late game
When you're on the west coast he's unlike for about a half an hour and whatever
Plus that's late at night late night people like my overnight guys
They work like from midnight to five sometime midnight to six overnight the graveyard shift, okay?
Right and Eddie Kay quite frankly is a nice guy, but that gambling stuff that's good for people in a graveyard
But at any rate I think three hours would be fine
It's not gonna be 10 to one mad dog one to four the Humper four to seven, right?
It's not a rainbow. It's just not gonna do three hours. I beg your pardon manage will not do three hours
How do you know that because you love the two-hour lunch break?
Does he really or how about let me suggest this to you?
No, I got no idea well
We'll work on that maybe tomorrow will take a poll on which QAM schedule do you like the most the one that leaves off?
Mo I think that's absolutely one that these two guys like the most well, and by the way
It's interesting to me since Zach is there today. I don't want to get him involved in this controversy
But Zach remember here was leaving Mo show as one of the producers in the Mo Howard David in Morning show because of his busy life and his schedule and so on
It's amazing to me that he's on a Joe Roe show, which is only eight to ten just a little bit later on in the morning, right?
Now, why is that?
what?
Okay, now anyway getting back to Kurt Cobain
I'll save that for tomorrow when you're sitting where the beast is I want to rip you an ass today because it's opening day
Maybe Marlon's host of Montreal exposed
They're gonna expose the weakness of Montreal. They're gonna kick some ass right there at P.P. Park
60,000 screaming phony fan. I mean fans are gonna be waving their banners, and we love the Marlons
It's this great, you know because we got nothing else going on
Happy to make the playoffs again the heat even though they're in the playoffs
I mean it's just it's such a crap deal
Come on the heater like the Marlon's last year, man
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, man, yeah, I mean that's such a crappy Lee you can be under 500 make the playoffs, which is pretty embarrassing if you ask me
And the dolphins of course what we know they still got Jay Feele and Feeley Goody guys
So it's gonna be really weak in fact Wayne High Zing is gonna be calling Mo again
They're not a bitches ass out not about anything specific just that in general, you know, just out of general principle
So here's a good website cobeincase.com
Okay, you got it. Okay, Cobain case one word.com Kurt Cobain left a drug rehab center in Marine Delray, California April 1 1994
No fooling you maybe this was just a April fool's dope you think no and was later reported missing as you probably know
He was found dead just seven days later. So the anniversary the 10th anniversary is coming up very very soon
Which is why this week everybody's talking about
Kurt Cobain
Anyway, this thing is by a guy a guy named Tom Grant who did this investigation
He's a California state licensed private investigator former detective with the LA County Sheriff Department April 3rd
1994 he was hired by Courtney Love
To look at her husband after he left the drug rehab center in Marina Delray, California
Miss love stayed in LA. Oh, she just admitted by the way to do an oxy cotton. She got the leftover from Willow that rush can't use this week
Miss love stayed in LA while the Tom Grant flew to Seattle to search for Cobain with his best friend Dylan Carlson
In fact Carlson and Tom had been in the Cobain residence the night before Kurt's body was discovered in the room of the garage
You're following this now. Yeah, he says the police immediately concludes suicide
I wasn't so sure neither was Rosemary Carol Courtney Love's own entertainment attorney
Miss Carol was also a close friend to both Courtney and Kurt something was wrong here terribly wrong
Says Tom Grant
After several months of intensive investigation including dozens of taped interviews with Cobain's closest friends and family members
I reached the conclusion that Courtney Love and Michael DeWitt the male nanny who lived at the Cobain residence were involved in a conspiracy
That resulted in the murder of Kurt Cobain
It appears this was not the first attempt on Cobain's life by Courtney Love. It was however the first two
succeed. I guess it only takes one that succeeds right right I can have several failures
But if one that's what Robert Blake said it only takes one
In December of 94 Tom began speaking publicly about these suspicious circumcises surrounded Cobain's death
Attempts to inform the public about this case have been met with physical threats as well as threats of legal action against anyone in the media
Who gives Tom Grant a platform? How do you like that? Don't that sounds suspicious?
Not
Motivated by profit rather than truth Courtney Love and her attorneys have taken drastic measures in an effort to keep the public from learning the true facts of this case in spite of all their hot air
This investigation has received coverage in hundreds of major magazines TV and radio talk shows around the world
How come we never talked about this before? I don't know
You are aware of this I've never heard of it before before like last week
As I predicted says Tom Grant when I first began speaking out no legal action has been taken against myself or anyone in the media has covered this story
The pathetic cowards of this world can only blow smoke once they've been exposed they run and hide
The events surrounding the death of Kurt Cobain are filled with lies contradictions in logic and countless inconsistencies
You miss exciting
Here's just some of what you were never told
Courtney Love was facing a divorce
Kurt was in a process of leaving Seattle and his wife Courtney when he was found dead
Courtney knew Kurt wanted out of the marriage as weeks prior to his death
He asked one of her attorneys to get the meanest most vicious divorce lawyers
She could find someone was using Kurt's credit card
What a Kurt's credit cards was missing when his body was discovered someone was attempting to use the missing credit card after Cobain died
But the attempt stop when his body was discovered Cobain was in fear of his life
The shotgun found at the scene was purchased before Cobain left for rehab in Los Angeles
Not after he fled the rehab is reported by misinformed media sources
The shotgun was fully loaded with three shells. It was purchased and loaded for protection not suicide
The police claimed there were no legible fingerprints on his shotgun
The truth is the shotgun wasn't even checked for fingerprints till May 6th nearly a month after Cobain's body was found
You're putting all these pieces of the puzzle together got it
You don't need to be Sherlock Holmes to figure this one out
There was no suicide note
The note found at the scene by the police was immediately enabled as a suicide note
But this note was not addressed to Kurt's wife and daughter as it says nothing about killing himself
The note was clearly written to Cobain's fans telling him he's quitting the music business
There was only a short footnote to Courtney and Francis and the handwriting contained in those lines has been questioned by several handwriting experts
Courtney had another note she kept in secret
Courtney was in possession of a second note after Kurt's body was found
She didn't tell anybody about the second note till several months later when information about it slipped out
During interview with Rolling Stone magazine
The second note the one that Courtney kept in secret clearly defines the first note
Which was found at the scene of Cobain's death the second note from Kurt plainly states
He was leaving Courtney leaving Seattle. He was not leaving the planet. You following all that?
And
Zach will get interested in this Cobain was injected with three times lethal dose of heroin
Oh perfect
Cobain's heroin more fiend blood level was 1.52 mg's per liter
This would require a minimum injection of 225 mg's of heroin three times lethal dose
Even for a hardcore heroin addict the drug diazza pan was also found at Cobain's blood system
The obvious questions number one if Cobain injected himself with a deliberate heroin overdose
While would he also shoot himself and I had with a shotgun leaving his baby daughter
Love of his life with horrific visual urinjas to remember him by why wouldn't he just go to sleep?
I the overdose and never wake up too if Cobain injected in three times lethal dose of heroin
Could he then pick up a shotgun and shoot himself when he had been immediately incapacitated
Based on the morphine blood levels found in Cobain's body preliminary research into Kate's Kurt Cobain
Would have been immediately incapacitated. He would have not have picked up that shotgun. It could not have pulled
He was not barricaded inside the room as reported by misinformed media sources and it goes on and on and on
It says the official version of suicide was simply a rushed adjugment
Which eventually painted the authorities into a corner as reports of a so-called copycat suicide began making the news
Nothing like a copycat suicide, right? Yeah
Pass that along to Josh Friedman just mentioned that team 1041 at 560 Q.A.M
We passed away among them Brian Keith Jimmy Stewart's Robert Mitchum and Jacques Cousteau
Listen now as they join Charles Corralts for the end of the road
Attention for all those passengers flying heaven and air they board
Hey Jimmy how is your funeral service?
Yeah, it was just a wonderful wake. How about you Brian?
Very small we kept it to a family affair just playing going from here to
Trinity hey, I'll come your own wet jack. That is not shocked. He's not jacked. Jack jerk. Whatever. Are we going from here to
Trinity?
I'll ask you a question. What's that little tramp sissy? Did you ever buffy her?
I don't want to know about this. I want to know that they missed a flash. I understand that he is a man's man
Say how long before we get to return it far away there yet
1047 at 560 W.Q.A.M
I just had a great idea for a poll which of these people do you supposedly dead people do you think is going to lie? Huh?
Jim Morrison Elvis Kurt Cobain Dave Ann Boring
That's who I'm going with this that's not right
285 votes are either one of you there you're both eating right now we're here you don't hear me
with the beast mate we like that you are just a weak weatel sister
285 based on all that's happened what's your current take on the war in Iraq
It was based on lies and Bush should be impeached 201 70 and a half percent over 70 percent
See and peach is asked now to which I say absolutely it was based on lies 24
I think it had to be done but was poorly planned 20 over 600 Americans lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd 19
I supported 100 percent
17 which is a mere 5.9 percent and I'm not sure yet for there's still waiting out there 1.4 percent
They're not sure yet. You know us every poll no matter what you ask there's always a 3 percent
I'm decided 4 percent on decided is today Tuesday
99 percent Priya said yes 1 percent they're not too sure
See what I'm saying right always people just to can't make up their mind in other words what they try to say is they're stupid
Is what I think they're trying to say
Surgey on highly is as the official or count is 615 dead
That's American soldiers on official count for wounded is 3719
But of course when you say wounded they don't tell us about those who are like very very seriously wounded
Which there's an awful lot unofficial dead from the coalition of the pressured into war meaning the brits and the other so-called coalition is
47 so we're talking very close to a thousand out total plus the thousands and thousands of Iraqis but then again
We don't care about them doing no even though we're liberating them and we're gonna have a wonderful democratic former government
But it's emancipation by decapitation so worth it die too freaking bad it was well worth it right
Don't forget now we got Joseph Gackey at the statement noon. Maybe we got Marlins on deck at 1245
Exposed to Marlins game time at 120 the Hebrew hammer on
I can't believe on paysock no less the Hebrew hammer follows the ballgame till seven
For big 7 o'clock edd. K. 10 and after that we go off the year till five in the morning and we start all over again
With Mo and Joe and a crow and all that kind of show let's Joe Castell coming back by the way. I don't know
So many people get nice in the back in that place, you know, of course you two guys with no nothing about that. No
What?
WQA and hello
Hello, yes, man. Neil. This is unbelievable the first call of the day is a lady collar. This is shocking
Neil I can't believe I got through this is great look the problem with a
I'm really in favor of impeaching
Bush but then where we left with chaney who's worse
Right? Yeah, you can't get rid of him either. Yeah, but chaney couldn't win a fixed election at this point
He couldn't know he couldn't know when or what a fixed election
Which is you want to come to one? Yeah, okay, well
This let's get George impeached all right. Let's work on it. Okay. See you. She wants to impeach his ass right now
5 6 7 0 5 6 you we're not gonna get a lot of calls these two hours because everybody's they're busy packing up all your goodies
They got the coolers now, you know, all right. You can't take the coolers in the ballpark
You're right. They're probably tailgating as we speak. No, just no
Not getting for baseball games. They're at the stadium today. They'll be tailgating. Are they tailgating? Yeah, opening day? Yes
As opposed to tomorrow when the big our big to do our big party out there
Our big get together starts at 11
Well, how come nobody told me about that. How come there's no promo? How come there's no information about that?
I don't even hear recorded promo maybe they're having another auction
Uh, maybe we have another silent auction online on qm.com and by the way, how many people visit wqm.com every month
I wouldn't worry about the reason too much your fraudulent money with that. Oh, but it's another revenue stream
The only you don't understand is another revenue stream said Clarence is it was streaming down his leg
That was really sad. That was so pathetic
Pulling the wool over the eyes of our loyal audience out there as if they don't have another other cons going on in the world
And the beesleys got a condom out of their hard-earned bucks. That's really pathetic if you ask me
WQM hello not there on four shame on you man
Well, they're in a hurry. They're on a way to that big party at 11 o'clock. It's 10.51 already WQM. Hello
Another one five six seven oh five sixty WQM. Hello
Hello, yes sir
I'd like to ask Neil about the noises that he has on the website
Noises that he isn't know we can't talk about those noises sir
Not now maybe back in the day before all of this stuff came down. We can't talk about noises
Not not that one either. Do you hear that one?
So that is my favorite you've got to admit okay. I like that one
Oh, there's something you can you know even Zach would admit in fact you'd both admit that the the
Moe and Gildi that book of Brian is invented his version of Moe and Gildi are so much more exciting entertaining and amusing than the real Moe and Gildi
Oh without a doubt. I mean definitely funny. Right. There's no see this like that just that sound a lot
In fact, I'm gonna just start playing that all day long. I think four hours of that might be yeah get about a 30 share
Yeah, all Gildi radio
I
Now I really suggested this with all you know with all difference to my good friend blockhead Joe Rose
There's a good guy, but what is he boring uh, but anyway, I'm thinking that a a Moe and Gildi
Bokeh Brian show for me to 10 would far surpass all that sports stuff
You know we got so much sports plus Joe's not on a payroll anyway. He's not getting paid
They never signed in that deal. I don't think so what do you think of that? I think it's a great idea
I think that would be funny and book a Brian of course probably have a hell of a time getting paid himself
But nevertheless, he'd have a good time doing it
Probably a lot cheaper. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir Jeff pizza loft. Oh, I remember him. Yes. Well, I always have trouble getting through
I don't have any of the numbers anymore
Well, you don't have numbers because we're changing the numbers. You're one of those people that we're changing the numbers on
I yeah, just fall out of the favor with us
Uh-huh rapidly since you've been feeding the rumors happy pass over to you happy paysock
Jeff and don't tell us about don't be looking for a free spot here now. Okay. We have plenty of avails on the log
I'm on you're on wind next week
Next week pace off over baby. Yeah, I know. Well, you know
Things happen. Yeah, I'm looking forward to getting together with you when you get to town. Oh, I bet you are
I bet you certainly are. Yes, I am
Uh-huh. So how you doing here a lot about your extracurricular
Activities is what I'm here. That's why you don't have time to run any spots
No, because I work so much be sure to go yeah, you're working it be sure to go to the pizza loft in Davie and get that
Mots of pizza from Jeff Cohen is looking for a free spot out free plug right now
I'm just calling to say hello. I didn't even bring up pizza loft in Davie on university drive between gripping in
595 I noticed you didn't say that behind a pair one imports right right? You didn't with all that feed parking good
Uh-huh
So I'm looking forward to seeing. I want to just say hello because there's no other way for me to read here
Be by the sea. Is he won't listen to a thing? I'm saying go ahead
That's it. That's it. It's all I got for you sir. See you next week Jeff. All right. See you then
Here's line nine my very favorite QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
I was waiting yesterday and calling you up about the Espertain country
As you buy I just want to tell you if you go to Google and put in
Clothed in a cell I don't like potato Google a lot. Hello Google Google Google and put in
Thundering the in a doll Espresain
And you'll get the words that he uses
All crap. It's crap
I'm not drinking it anymore. Well, no, it's good. It's all right. No wait a minute. No, no
Just a minute. What's all crap? In other words the information is crap? The information about Espertain being junk is crap
It's good
Dr. Dena Dell write a little article about it in order to read so in other words crap is good
Well, I'm not
So what should we talk about in the 11 to 12 hours? Should we talk about toothpaste or water? Huh? Of course
It's always good when you have to you brush to you know, rinse out your mouth with some real good
The seltzer water. You don't rinse with seltzer. Do you know? No, okay. It's a good idea though
Yeah, look here you're you're you're you just haven't tried it. You would like seltzer
I tried it. It's horrible seltzer's good. What are you talking about? No, I'm sitting here drinking club soda right now
Just got. Oh, I mean flat water is so plain and it always seems to have like a musty taste to it. It's water. It's supposed to be plain
But this is a Mahaya man. It's got like a little bit of pepper. Bessons. It's a little bubbly
Yeah, I think all that stuff about Espertains a bunch of crap
Although I will say this and maybe it's just a coincidence
You know in a one-day sense I quit drinking at all that diet soda. Yeah, I feel better
Well, there you go now it could be psychosomatic you could be like who the hell knows what it is maybe change of life
Maybe just the fact that we're getting off at noon today
That might have something to do with it
Oh
You
The later
Yeah, that's the whole election up
See you later
Yeah, that's the whole election up
Go buy yourself a new suit and
And drop the cake is who is
You got your name on the ballot
And you never had a chance
You put your name on the ballot
The way you ever had a chance
With Bill Nona you
And the band I'll link your hands
Thanks to you the right wingers
Stole the election there is where
And now the Nazi rights wingers
And the super-solo election fair is where
Nobody votes for a guy
Who tries to 65 for rare
See you later out later
Yeah, that's the whole election up
See you later out later
Yeah, that's the whole election up
Go buy yourself a new suit and
And drop the cake is who is smart
Yeah, see you later out later
Try to save the land you see
Bye bye bye
Go try your corner
Into a tree
All right
Oh
60 WQ AMS are 11 and noon hour and end of set then we're going home bye bye. Why am hope that's right so
Yes, you know who Zach had Passover dinner with last night the event boring no
Kurt Cobain no the conspiracy continues
The very own house one Mr. John Weiner
He's part of the guy. Yeah, two gods. Yeah, part of the family
Yeah
Concerning with the enemy. Yeah, no wonder Moe hates Zach
Hey
Just do spoil the family and did you give him like a list of all the names of all the guests that the Moe has on
No
Come on you can probably give him all the names and numbers
Clarence's running dry. I don't have any names and numbers
Clarence said he's got a few numbers anyway
It's the 367 votes on the pool based on all that's happened. What's your current take on the war in Iraq?
It was based on lies and Bush ought to be impeached
246 67 percent that's two thirds of the audience you turn
I was based on lies 38
I think it had to be dumbled with poorly planned 31 another word
Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd
650 to be exact up to the second that's 26 said that I
Supported 100% 20 and I'm not sure yet six. They're still hanging out
As the carnage continues it's getting really bloody and of course the bloodier can't
Then the Bush are a hunter. They tell us oh, that's a good sign. It means that we're getting the job done
Wow speaking of an idiot bush. Here's another idiot bush. His name is Jeb you heard of him. Yeah
This is this is so outrageous
Unbeatable
Saying rigorous screening standards would ensure recipients won't be terrorists
You talk about pandering governor Jeb Bush yesterday strongly endorsed issuing state drivers licenses to
Both illegal immigrants and foreign nationals who make Florida home for part of the year. Oh, illegal immigrants
So all the jokes about 57 chemis and all the other crap illegal immigrants people who are breaking the law
Let's give them a driver's license
Which certainly ought to improve the quality of driving when you think
In fact, he actually says that wait till you hear this hundreds of thousands of people could be affected by the proposal
Which is currently making its way through the Florida legislature
Senator Rudy Garcia Republican from high alie. Of course pushing the measure in the Senate says it would able to
Stuck an immigration limbo to drive with valid licenses and get insurance while they work to become citizens
Our roads and streets will be safer because of this
Garcia said adding that the sprawling nature of must-floor the cities makes owning a car in necessity
And at the state by not giving illegal immigrants licenses almost tell these folks to break the law because that's the only way they're going to be doing anything
Your legal immigrants wishing to obtain licenses would have to submit to be cleared
You know something this is really a great idea because you know all those little jinny buses in date county
Yeah, they're already being driven by those Haitians who would don't know up from down or east from west now
We can replace them with some even more illegal immigrants
Yeah as soon as they wash up on sure. Oh here you go
Here's the driver's license and a keystual mini bus. Why not spread the wolf sure
They would have to submit to be cleared by background checks both in Florida and their home countries
The state would rely on consular officials to sign off on background checks from abroad
Although it doesn't have the broads name
Foreign nationals who visit the state frequently to check up on home to businesses would have to provide proof of ownership
This is so unbelievable the good news is the driver's license question presents lawmakers with a potentially
Volatile election year issue one that could woo Hispanic voters
But is also quitted with helping defeat former governor
Gray Davis during last year's re-collection in California
Florida's proposal however calls for stricter screening requirements in the driver's license bill signed in law by Davis
Bush said his support for the idea would waver if security precautions were relaxed
Right, Bush also made a point to say he's not encouraging more illegal immigration in the US
No, he's just pandering to those who don't speak at English. That's all he's doing
What a disgrace and of course guess what paper this is in
Uh the Miami
Uh
El Harold
El Harold
El Haralo man, El Nuevo
pandering and pandering illegal aliens getting drivers licenses, huh
What a pretty good idea
All from the Pew Research Center
Public support for war in Iraq has been unaffected by the murders and decapitation of corpses of American citizens of lucha
However continued turmoil and violence in Iraq. Maybe taking a toll. Our president pushes approval rating
All right, that's a little bit of good news
Let's see first job approval in late March it was 47% now with 43
Disapprove 47 so it disapprove 47% right now and approve 43% and don't know
The movement 10 10% see what I mean?
Ernie pull it's like a but the most unbelievable news
Nearly six and 10 Americans 57%
Continuatively that the US made the right decision and using military force against Iraq which is unchanged from a mid-march
Pew survey
However public attitude toward most aspects of the US mission in the rack of Turt more negative since January in the aftermath of the capture of old
Sodom and as this death toll continues mounting and the body bags keep coming back one might just think that just maybe
Maybe they're going to start getting a little bit more negative like our various two-d audience which overwhelmingly says impeaches us right now
They did it in those two lives and Bush would be impeached look at that 67.3%
260 more than two-thirds it was based on lies another 40 there's another 10% how do you like that?
So even the ones who don't think you ought to be impeached still you got 77.7% believe it was based on lies
I think it had to be done was poorly planned 38
33
Uh over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 27. I supported 100% 22 5.5% 5.5%
Is all he gets and I'm not sure yet six
Six people are they want directions to the ballpark
56705 60 pound five 60 on the ATT but the bad news for carry though is in Florida
Always closing the gap he was like 23 points behind
And the latest pull by the Orlando Sutton Aligned WESH news channel two in Orlando state wide Florida poll shows
Bush 51% in Florida carry 43%
But that's better than 23% in a rear is yeah
I'm assuming that you go our both registered to vote yes
Yes, sir, and you're both voting for carry yes, yes, sir
I'm not telling you who to vote for but I'm just asking I'm just inquiring
So that's three fat Jews voting for carry right here to counterbalance Robert Creeper room sure is gonna be voting three
Oh, he has a lot of that kid he needs before he gets out of there before he retires in about seven or eight years
And moves on to his legal career. He needs a real pounding
WQM hello
Parents say you give it to him QAM not there online three WQM hello
close-up on ice
56705 60 pound five 60 on the ATT
And for rise the wireless line this is the crowd on the way to the ballgame
All right, let's come on. Let's hear a little enthusiasm for this crowd out here. Come on. Let's go
We love the Marlids
They're gonna win if we stay home today it will be us in come on. Let's go. It's a beautiful day
I'm sure sunny shining. I bet the building is empty now that the party is starting right there all at the ballpark
We're going to be through the ballpark right now. We got nobody listen to the catering you and hello
Yeah, yes, sir
Hey, you know, uh, come to eases on me and using her name is really too good for her and I was looking at that
Uh gap between her teeth. Okay good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audio ATT and
Horizon wireless line WQM hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'm myself the one of your favorite people are heading to the full player right now
Yeah
Elvis
I told the king was still alive, didn't I
Thought it was an effort to arrange you Morrison. They're all gonna show up
And I bet you Johnny can she's gonna be there too. I could be wrong, but I think Johnny might be there in the upper deck
Able to be a little shaky, but he'll be there WQA and hello
Hey, you that's me happy
Wow, without a setting or what?
These people have nothing to say, but I should just plug right ahead, you know
I should just proceed we only got till noon. I'm thinking that thing about the lineup by a three-hour show max. I got it
Yes, you do three hours. So you're doing 10 to one one
One to two the crow
Yeah
Right between you and mad at no no no no crow no no no like the crow and Joe show
Not he not approved for daytime. How about the crow and bow
The crow and bull like I said on a weekend sounds fantastic. Hey my red my red
Maddie remeres how about you and me?
Tromb the meb the bob okay, but the big old red blowers are now going to let locker room and pump pump pump
Rissuses
And then and then you top that off with a quick one of these man
Gently in the crow oh yeah, we got it man. Everybody else in the market look out. We're coming after you now
We're getting serious with this lineup
No more this boring sports crap. I think just making just making wild sounds. That's good to me
I don't know what it is about that, but the the boka Brian guilty just sends me an orbit
I get a chill in my spine. It's terrible 11 past 11 at 560 WQM if you're in a dead end job like anybody in a radio business
Especially the way things are going now if you're underpaid no more work and you're sick and tired of it
If you had it right up to your earlobes here's the answer for you
If you don't have four years to waste on college or the money to pay for it either
All you have to do is make one easy quality can really change your life
You can really get yourself some skills and some training for a real job by calling fast train at 1 8 6 6 fast train
Be sure and tell me the Todd Dreck the useless the anxious Todd Dreck told you to call and you can be trained and certified for a high paying computer network
Professional career and as little as four short months in other words before even the end of the summer
So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts go and know where if your life is like out of treadmill
If everybody you talk to says to you I have no life if you say that to them fast train might be the answer you're looking for
They have they evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule
They offer job placement assistance financially to people who qualify and with seven convenient floor locations
There's bound to be a fast train nearby you
So check them out of the web first if you like it fast train.com and then make that call that could change your life
And just for sure once you can be on your way to a great new high paying career
But you got to make that call do it today call 1 8 6 6 fast train
I'm a private local
This is 560
We're using yours
You
over
Oh
Oh
Really
again I got really bombed then married my friend
oh baby I was smashed when we wed
so I don't know if it was consummated
I might use half my money
cause I didn't sign a free now
I call my lawyer's suits
I got drunk again
I was half in the bed
thought he was just thin
oh baby baby
oops I said that I do
I had too much food
I can't hold my liquor
I got drunk again
last time I get that
I kissed Madonna
oh baby baby
oops I thought you were
then married some drug
I said and idiot
oh no no no no no
1117 at 560 WQM is where just this is the
uh done Marlon pregame shows all this is today right
do you think the intro and opening day
we're just a little foreplay for opening day
which is a major McGillababy
big timis
and of course the president tells us that
we're well on our way to it succeeding
and uh rack things are going to be really
peachy just wait it'll be great
British soldiers killed 15 militants in Iraq
as it descended into new levels of
anarchy today
don't you like that term that's from uh this is
London the evening standard newspaper
London as Iraq descended into new levels
of anarchy today
the Iraqis died in the strainer classes with UK
forces over the past 40 hours in Basra
and Amara as a shea uprising led by
fairbran cleric mokdada al-sadar
swept to the country
more than 20 Iraqis were injured in Amara
and Basra the main cities in the British
controlled sector of the country
24 coalition soldiers six of them British
were hurting unsuriously the ministerial
defense said and just goes on and not so
re-other 15 Iraqis died
and on and on all over the country
chaos it's worth it it's like that road map
in the middle east you know just a little
bit off track we'll get the compass we'll
get back on track
not
but the public's worried about big
things they got bigger fish to fry we
got opening day the marlins in the ex-boys
baby
no question about it they got to thumb on
the pulse of the world five six seven
oh five sixty let's get a thousand
calls in here now between the now and
new and what do you say huh
all these marlin fans are on a way to
the ballpark we got the big bag where's
a gate G
assume that's where it is
i bet you this gate G that's where the uh
we don't even know josea gate G
boy your boyfriend man clearance he really
a scoot of this time didn't give us any
information about anything you know he's
busy out there probably got a
couple of uh things lined up five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T lined up to q a hello hi Neil yes sir
i heard that the great motivational speaker
is going to be coming in for the marlin's
peptide and who's that that would be revenue
Jones oh god i hope they uh take
a care of them
see you see even got a boyfriend now
they're called for him to scan that's the
best part you know when they have the
chronic and then they got their playmate
that calls in for them
wqm hello from marlin's wqm wqm hello
hey how are you pretty good
are you gonna speak to me or is that it was
that was that was that it i guess that was it
how are you pretty good bye bye how you
right wqm hello not there qm ola
hello when is this yes sir when is this
uh is this Neil or sir this is Neil this is
Neil and esponial oh Neil and esponial
Neil two things i just show you a picture on
uh on electric uh the board on i95 yeah
you know what that i know you wear glasses
yeah yeah man and you're my type man get lost
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the 18 and ten Verizon wireless line we have three fat
ugly Jews on here today so don't call in
start sucking up okay have something important
to say like we love them marlin's come on let's go
wait i'm not ugly i'm gonna be a little bit
positive you're such a bunch of negative sour
people i'm gonna what it's supposed to be
negative i'm gonna best mood today i've been in
a long time you want to know why because it's
opening day because i'm off of that damn
diet soda i'm drinking my club soda here
which i like and spuddy your crappy attitude
and number two it's opening day we got a nice
short two hour show you see my whole attitude
on life would be so much different if i had
i mean two hours is unrealistic not for the kind of
money they're paying me but three hours not a
hopper he went from four hours to three
and allegedly the word is on the street he
didn't take any pay reduction right no paid
right so why not four hours to three for
this old fart huh paid my dues
seems logical sure and we might have
said the contract a little bit after that
you know like another week or two i mean
right other they are other one or two shows
maybe George can do the extra hour there you go
but you know something i think you just hit the jackpot
there you go and our with George it a
keeps the audience away or something like i mean
something like that wqm hello how you doing Neil
pretty good i'm currently under contract with Wayne
yeah Reverend Jones again uh wqm hello
hello yes sir
Neil god please the three hours has to be from 11
to two don't go from 10 to one you can
tell your story why is that why would that be i
would like that i could sleep in um
yeah i'm in a little war i love you Neil okay
thanks well what does that mean well why would
it have to be 11 to two you understand that
probably because he can't listen at 10 i see or
maybe he also sleeps in uh five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty here's line nine hello
yeah i thought you build for that in the highway
you're no stem major you know they're thank god
anyway listen uh if you can believe it uh
Greg you tell noodles are doing a free game show on the other stations
Paul Harvey Jr we haven't heard from him in a long time
no wonder i'm in such a good mood so good time for the great taste
yeah i just thought i'm interested have a good
day
Paul Harvey Jr folks great briefly too that's the
shortest call he's ever made i think and had no choice
five six seven oh five sixty all the events in the world that are going on
the important things that are happening uh
mankind is probably like uh in the very very twilight of
immediate resistance and here we are on the way to the ballpark for
opening day oh all right let's all get out there and get smashed right
all right
Zach is going to be a gate H the H stands for heroin of course
just a joke you know the beastness today was just making up all these stories
about you and drugs and this and i was just uh awful the stuff he was doing
i'm only gonna be there for 20 minutes until i run out
come to qm hello qam
i'll be asking they will have programs and we need this year right for
opening day they're not gonna run out right we hope so we hope i mean that
that would be embarrassing to find out tomorrow morning open up the paper
all gee they had like only uh ten thousand programs and they
they only had about two thousand weenies did they do free hotdogs last year though
did they really yeah but i don't think they'd have the free hotdogs this year
i and just in time for paysoft free weenies and free beanies
sounds good to me do they have uh weenies with umata
wdqam hello hey neo yes sir how you doing great
hey i just called it so high first time calling long long long long time
okay great well listen have a great time five six seven oh five sixty they got
nothing to say i just don't know they really don't i mean how are you run dry
what are you today hi how are you doing just uh no they're just trying to pacify me
i don't really care i'll put all my stuff here away i want to take a lot more of
these good calls between now and now but you notice you can probably hear
they tinkle and the twinkle in my voice now because uh you know
even if it was just a three hour show i'd be in so much better frame of mind but
when it's four hours and it's like you know ten after ten and you say oh my god
it's only ten at class i just started the area four hours to go that's too long you know that
right am i right yeah too long that slave labor man it's cruel and unusual punishment for me
and the audience because by about one thirty man you're still getting like really cranky and you've
talked to Reverend Jones about seventy five times just a oh and George starts hyperventilating
that's Reverend Joe's and then you just want to scream out like that
you know it's oh i love that to me if that's all i heard today that's just that sends me an
orbit he's the best i could hear next hour just that three hours and here and now something
that one in two hours all guilty all day one to two huh what do you think that's good i like it
and maybe a little mo
based on all that's happened here's our pull question you can see Natasha Hensbridge if you're
about eighteen or over and you have fifteen pieces of id behind the beaded curtain on the
erudges dot com which you'd be while you wouldn't be amazed because you know what a bunch of
perverts and disparate as we got out there i mean we get an enormous response on our website the
sad part of it is we got how many people read the story about third man and arrest them just
want to see the naked pictures that's okay we don't mind Natasha Hensbridge who turned how old is
she about third man this year Canadian a and she's a naked as a jay bird based on all that's
happened this year what's your current take on the war in Iraq as the body count unfortunately
continues 480 votes it was based on lies and bush should be impeached 325 67.7 percent
it was based on lies 47 in other words they're not ready for impeachment quite yet but they're
thinking about it they're getting close uh i think it had to be dumbled was poorly planned 37
over 600 american lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd 32 i supported 100 percent
look how many supported 6.2 percent pretty weak and i'm not sure yet nine nine who are still
trying to figure out what planet they're on earth or Uranus 26 past 11 at five 60 wqm if your
planets look like they're out of this world in the negative way in other words if your
carpets look really a disastrous did i say planets or carpets planets i think i said planets
well maybe if they belong on another planet here's the answer for you call my good friends
to dry concepts because nobody on this earth at any rate does the kind of job they do for it they
the only people that dry clean your carpets and it's an exclusive patented method same ideas
dry clean your clothing which sucks out if can i still say that oh i can say the deep down dirt
way down in the fibers of your carpet making them look just like brand new they're vibrant and color
soft to the touch they smell emity fresh when these people finish cleaning your carpet it looks
just like you had brand new laid on the floor that's why i've used them for over 20 years and wouldn't
really use anybody else no ripoffs no games no tackons at the end of the job saying oh sorry we
had to add this on because we had to do this in yada no no chance because they give you a written
guaranteed price upfront before they start doing that great job on your carpeting your area
rugs your draper your pulse read all of these things and when you call dry concepts be sure to ask
them how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning by being on their stand by list they'll do
it for you just to call this tool free number 1 800 2 4 8 5071 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5071 you really can
clean today and entertain tonight when you call our friends at dry concepts check them on the web if
you like it dry concepts calm nobody know where does it better what did i just do here
huh oh you know what i did and that's the Paul Harvey Jr's fault i had noodle stopped in the middle
we're supporting you five six eight you a m
stop
Are you as well?
It's the same as you are.
No.
Now we're making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are mounted as...
It was okay but wasn't as good as Mad Max.
Jesus Christ, movie star, Rex Rie and the Tocque.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Don't see the film till you read the book.
All right.
Jesus Christ, on the screen.
There was no heart she sees.
Jesus Christ, T.E.T.
Finally got her name in variety.
Jesus Christ, love is God.
Are you as well?
It's the same as you are.
Absolutely.
Love a 32 happy paysloth to all the Yiddloth out there.
Happy Easter to all the goyem.
And all the Muslims cut it out already.
Would you please?
513 votes on a pool.
Not too shabby.
We got the kind of a semblance of a show.
But this inspired me today.
I think the Beast had a good idea.
George wanted to.
The big one and two are with George Rodriguez.
He's getting paid the big bucks.
He can do an hour if he did.
It's good practice for the days when he has to like fillin'
like in July and August most days.
Yep.
When I'm doing those very difficult two day a week.
56670560.560 on the AT&T.
Boy, you're talking about red and dry.
But why not?
You know, they've expended all of their energy
getting all whipped up for the ball game today.
For opening day.
I think if 60,000 people are going to be there at P.P. Park today.
That's probably the entire town everybody's in town.
It's a skeleton crowd just like they're in the building.
Is there anybody in the building?
No one in the building.
Nobody in the building.
The carloas.
And the freaky carloas out front.
Oh god.
And like I said, no people out front.
And that's it.
Because everybody's over at the ballpark pretending to be big Marlins fans.
And I can understand it because it's in town where quite frankly is very, very boring.
I mean, you know, the sun is nice and the beach is in the water and the beach is in the water.
And the sun, but it's pretty boring.
And a whole lot of old people and a lot of people in real speaking English and a lot of illegal aliens just waiting for that driver's license.
So they get their 57 Chevy on the road.
And you know, what do you expect?
So here's it's opening day.
Wow. I don't really care about baseball.
I don't know what this team is.
But it's opening day. It's a happening.
It's something. Let's go.
Yeah. Let's get it in there.
Come in the QA and hello.
Legal aliens just waiting.
Yeah. Yes, sir.
It's 11.30 in the morning and I'm writing just a two mile backup on a turn bike for the for the Marlins game.
All right. How did it work?
I heard about phony, huh?
Yeah. Have a good time, Pally.
Two hour back, eight mile backup on a turn bike.
My suggestion is turn around and go home.
Well, that would be bad. Don't say that.
We want to get 80,000 people in there just like a dolphin game, right?
I think they open the upper deck.
They're opening up the upper deck. They're going to have people sitting up there with David Samson in a box in the sky box.
More Howard David is going to be there. He's going to kick what's his name.
I'd like to have mode to a ballgame. When you like him to a baseball game.
No. Why?
Oh, then I forgot that great hate.
I don't know. See, I don't think Zach hates Mo as much as you do.
Now, that would be an interesting conversation.
You know, huh? Which one of you hates him worse?
I do. I think Beast is up there.
Yeah.
Now, Zach, he's, Zach is more laid back. Zach is a little bit more, uh, although you know we haven't played today.
What? What's up?
And I'm not really sure. I haven't listened to any of the, uh, to see since we got the language police going.
I haven't checked out to see if you see all ratings for the last book.
Yeah, I know what's wrong with that is.
You could possibly be us.
Watch your back.
Zach, where you won't wait for no more.
Oh, brother, oh, that's love. I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while you're in both ears.
That big, that's much you made a rating school.
You just like clipped and it's all your fault.
And a straight dip pat ass out of it.
Oh, I think the food outta you now.
That's right.
Listen what we say.
Make your back, Zach, where you want.
Wait for more, no more, no more.
No more, no more.
Watch your back, Zach, where you want.
Wait for more, no more.
Yeah, lucky you got a strap here.
And I want more time in your room.
No!
I love that. And there's no bad words that we had a bleep out in there either.
Nice. That was fantastic.
But even though it's now, of course the fact that we got Zach there and the beast is gone.
I'm glad I got both of you because the beast can override any lies that you might tell.
Now, the clearances are not there.
Where do we see it?
So we got nobody to hold your hand, twist your arm, put words in your mouth.
Now, when you left the Mohawar Davided show, it was mainly by his want you off of the show.
It was mutual.
See, he won't tell it true. Now, when the beast will tell us the real story.
Yeah.
I think both parties want to go in a different direction but more so for Mohaw.
Yeah.
But this business about, well, you know, Zach had this other job and all of this other stuff in his life.
And the meantime is right there 8 to 10 with Joe Rose, so anybody can see through that lie.
No, but I do have another job.
Yeah, see, have another job.
But in the meantime, you could have still been on there with Mohaw if he would have wanted you to be there.
Absolutely.
You wanted you out. Absolutely.
You had to be the scapegoat for his failures.
For that bad piece.
Probably your life is much better being off of it.
That's right. I'm curious about, I'm really curious about that because I'm not there most of the time.
And I'm really curious about the 8 o'clock crossover when Joe Rose is standing there waiting to go in the crossover.
What crossover?
Huh? What crossover?
No, I don't mean crossover in terms of like we're used to where we'd be on each other's shows.
But I'm turning it in terms of the changing of the guard at 8 o'clock when Mohaw is going out and Joe is coming in and the beast also.
Usually it's, it's, it's Moh trying to talk to Joe and Joe ignoring Mohaw.
Really? Yeah.
So in other words, Mohaw again is extending the hand of friendship even after he bit it and chewed it and spat it out.
Like he tried with me.
Right.
See, this is a sad situation where you got a cranky, nasty, bitter old man who tries to get everybody can and just rips them and asks.
And then like, oh, well, you know, shake my hand.
It'll let's be friends now. Yeah, screw you, Moh.
Okay? You know what I mean? Absolutely.
Make me sick.
Anyway, see, that's one thing I'm not, all the way.
We'll come in early next week. I think what I'm going to do is take that muskrat hair piece that we have with our Lewis McGell's head and do like I always do.
I'll just sit there across from him from about 7.15 to 8 o'clock every morning when I'm there.
I'm staring at him, huh? Plus you'll get to meet our new producer, Shy.
Yeah. Is he Shy? Oh, he's still there?
Yeah, Shy from his friend.
He's coming in New York. Yeah.
Yeah, I can't believe he's still there.
The savior of the Messiah.
Here's where he'll have one bad trend. He'll be gone.
21 till noon at 5.60.
Boy, I've said it. The pressure is mounting now.
You can feel it. Can't you?
I have no life.
I mean, in Marlins and the X-Foes, what more could anybody want?
What's not to like opening day?
Oh, you can smell the hot dogs and the beer and the soda and you can smell all the other, the shoe leather and the other, the gloves and the...
Oh, God.
Plus cross straps.
I bet crows over there.
Goldie.
Isn't it time you call dial amateurs a 1-800-MATRUS?
Dial amateurs backs up everything they say in their advertising.
100% that their competitors still use lots of lies.
When you see a macro set making outrageous claims read the fine print.
There are lots of lies, lots of BS weight, not there.
Here's an example. In big print, the ad screen, no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months.
But the tiny print at the bottom reads like a encyclopedia disclaimers,
requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sell prices.
Many times not a single advertised item would qualify for even financing.
Interest penalties 21% or more.
Shoppers who need financing the most rarely qualify anyway.
Dial amateurs ads have no tiny print, no dislaimers, no lies, no BS.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS you discover there's never an after-charge for same-day delivery.
And dial amateurs take same-day delivery orders all day long from Kindle to Stewart, from Palm Beach to Fort Myers, even in Ojos.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS you pick the date and two-hour delivery window you want your mattress delivered.
So call now and see why 1-800-MATRUS is ranked the best in the universe in overall customer satisfaction.
And dial amateurs reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying,
even if you decide not to buy from them.
So do what I always do when all the smart shoppers do make the one easy call.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do.
Just sit there on your fat ass and call 1-800-MATRUS and log onto their website, macrus.com.
Dial amateurs 1-800-MATR-ES, the honest way to buy you a great new bed.
I'm a man more.
This is 420-0-560-2AM.
But buy one with one of them. Give me another beer.
Ooooo!
Take me out to the Marlins.
Let me go get the crowd.
Yeah, who's those pickers and drunk and slabs?
30,000 who wheels will circumcise those they all.
Root-root like a bunch of pigs while we all root for our teeth.
They'll drink 8-9, 10 carts of beer in their penalties day.
Hey, great.
They'll drink 8-9, 10 carts of beer in their penalties day.
Ooooo!
11-43-17 away from Joe Zagaki.
Joe Zee, man, he is the best.
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Okay.
He'll be out there at P.P. Park speaking of Pantaluni's P.P.
What are we going to get a name for that stadium?
I should ask.
I don't want him like starting trouble, but are we ever going to get a wheel off of the stadium?
Wayne refused to put it back to Joe Robbie.
He what?
Wayne is refusing to put it back to Joe Robbie.
He wouldn't want to do that because Joe Robbie paid for with his own money,
which is why his family is in hot to the rest of their lives.
But nevertheless, at least Joe said, he was a hard ass.
If you don't want to build it for me, I'll build it and then they will come, you know?
As opposed to Wayne who's like, oh, come on, either do it for me or I'm not going to play there.
That crap.
I'm going to play that bit again.
Wayne, you make us all sick, okay?
If you give these poor guys a better deal, these poor billionaire guys a better deal,
they wouldn't have to be begging for new stadium.
Just give them a little bit of the concession stuff and just cut the crap.
564 votes on the poll based on all that's happened.
What's your current take on the war?
The mess in Iraq, the atrocity, the psychotic crap.
It was based on lies and Bush had been impeached, 275,
2-3rd, 66.4% say that.
It was based on lies, period, 52, say that.
I think it had to be done, but was poorly planned about Fiddy say that.
Over 600 Americans have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd, 43.
What's that T on the end of over?
I just noticed they're Eric.
I don't want to start picking on Eric, but overt is that an overt act on your part Eric?
Oh, an overt mistake.
I supported 100% meaning the war, 36.3% very weak, and I'm not sure yet, still 10.
Still 10 around a way to the ballgame already fried.
But can you imagine how pickle they're going to be at that ballgame?
Man, they're going to be just...
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM, hello.
Not there.
WQM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning.
An honor of opening day and how baseball was before weighing ruined it for me personally.
Could you play that play by play on the radio?
Oh, I don't have a day.
There used to be good enough.
Oh, you don't have it.
I love that.
I always give me goosebumps.
All right, well, maybe when you get back to town, it's a little bit...
We'll try to find it.
Thank you, Neil.
Have a great day.
We love the Marlins.
I mean, you could find it back there.
It's on a wall back there, but I don't want to make you stand up.
Well, it's a waste of a lot of energy.
I might burn off a couple of calories by standing up.
Plus, I don't think you're tall enough to find the find at this back there in a wall.
You know the one she's talking about?
Is it above 3 feet?
Which one's above 2 feet off the ground?
I think it's going to be able to find it.
Now, don't worry about it.
It's almost the end of the show.
She's very nice, but when she starts getting pushy, you know, it gets to be the end of the show.
Oh, can you find it?
No, we don't have it.
I mean, we do have it, but somewhere.
Look at that.
Blue Jays, maybe.
Nice start yesterday.
Blue Jays against the Tigers against the pathetic Tigers.
Final score, Detroit 7.
Blue Jays.
Nothing.
The big O.
Wow.
I sure hope that isn't a premonition, a predecessor for the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Could happen.
Anything's possible.
Is anybody in South Florida?
Anybody?
Talking about Stanley Cup playoffs.
Huh?
Yeah.
Come on now.
Get one.
What is wrong with you people down there?
Is something wrong with that town?
Is something really, really wrong?
What do the Pethers play?
Let's do a hockey show.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And for Rise and Wireless Line, it's so sad.
Got some great series coming up.
Got somebody competitive.
Look at all the teams that had over 100 points in Eastern Conference alone, right?
Oh, sorry.
WQM, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Too slow for me, pal.
Have a nice day.
WQM, hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Good morning.
Pretty good.
Sponey that you're talking about.
I'm talking about hockey there.
I don't know if you heard about this.
If it was called in the last couple of days, but on Sunday, looks like
guilty, levable profanity fly in the period break there.
Oh, no.
During the intermission there of the second.
Well, I don't want to hear the word.
Well, I'm not going to say it.
During the second and third period, I get all the production staff there got them with silly string.
And after it does this sign off, right after that, when the camera is still on, it turns around and says,
you have some guys.
Really?
He said it.
He means on the big thing there on the jumbo tron.
On the jumbo tron.
Whatever the call I'd write.
I'm about 99.99% sure that I'm there.
Oh, my God.
That might be the end of his broadcast where we'd have panther organizations.
They get wind of that.
With any luck.
So thanks for bringing that to their attention.
Thank you.
No problem.
And go lead.
Have a great day.
Go lead school.
Maybe Lisa and Ottawa start Thursday right at the air Canada Center.
Final score in the first game Toronto 5 out of a one.
Eddie.
Eddie.
Eddie.
I can just feel now, man.
This place is going to, this town is going to be on fire.
They are going to be smoking.
See, that's a difference.
It's like that all the time.
It's not just this phony.
Well, it's opening day and we're all going to go out there.
Of course, you know, I'm, it's going to be, don't you think it's going to be real interesting to see tomorrow and Friday?
And Thursday, rather, how many people show up?
Yeah, obviously.
Because the expose are probably about the worst draw on the entire league.
I mean, nobody wants to see the expose even in Montreal.
They don't want to see him.
Even though they played pretty good most of the early part of the season last year.
But I mean, nobody wants to see them.
Right.
But there's no, there's no people from Montreal.
Thank goodness.
Right?
Still a few left over.
Few frogs.
Yeah.
They'll be their way of inner Montreal flags.
Drinkin' a lot of Pepsi's.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POM 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Well, that's something about Jeff Rimmer.
I mean, Jeff Cohen, Rossin Guy.
Jeff Cohen called in earlier.
Yeah.
So for free plug.
I was surprised he hasn't brought you guys any months of pizza today.
Well, yeah, what's the deal with George?
He's in here.
Because you're both polishing.
You're both probably going to fade away by a noon.
I would think he's going to bring any food too late now, Jeff.
Maybe tomorrow for Zach.
That would be nice.
Zach and Josh.
Because I don't think Zach's ever had that.
The beast, you don't need it.
We're trying to keep your ass alive.
I won't be here.
I know.
I'm saying we're trying to keep your ass alive.
That's why I'm saying not today.
WQM, hello.
Yes, man.
I took to Neil Pley.
Speaking, sir.
Oh, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Happy, uh...
Stuck us.
Pass over.
Happy issue, boys.
Neil, you remember I don't got you hot down there.
I don't know if you've got plans anymore about the baseball manager.
That's talking about the play years on the...
Oh, no, Jenny, I know that one.
We can't play that.
Yeah, because there was only one with a...
Every other word was a...
Yes, right.
Too bad, well.
It was a bad, too bad.
It was a bad, too bad.
I'm, uh...
I've written to, uh...
Just about everybody, uh...
I can get to about it.
I think, uh...
I'm going to get some answers back.
If not, then I think I'll get the vote for me.
Hold your breath, man.
Hold your breath.
Okay.
Well...
Good work, honey.
Good luck to us, man.
Thanks for trying.
I'll see you on a boat.
Is that guy a treadmill?
Freedom of speech is dead, baby.
Freedom of speech is finito.
Let's see.
Hey, it says this facts.
And so I watched Bremer and his thugs.
I have to laugh when he and Bushy describe what's going on in Iraq.
I don't laugh.
I want to cry.
It's not funny.
When they see things like these thugs and the dead enders,
every cliche and phrase this administration puts out
to describe who and what's happening.
Have they been watching the same thing we watch or read?
See, if you'd watched the BBC, in fact,
I could put the BBC on right now,
but they probably cut me off the ear.
I mean, then you'll see what the news is really all about.
What's really happening?
The speech is a lot of countries.
All democracy is a very, very long process.
Very, very long.
That's what he said.
He said it's very, very long.
We should probably should have bleep that.
Because we don't know what he's talking about.
We said it's very, very long.
See?
It says, if this turnover happens on a 30th,
Bremer should turn over 10 bodyguards he travels with
because everything will be just fine on that day, right?
Oh, we're fine.
And it says, take care, Pally.
I wonder who this is from, Pally.
Hi, Pally.
The worst news I have for the audience is that Jeff Hyfe,
aka Fatboy, was bouncing around there
with his 800 pounds in shorts.
Hi, Pally.
In honor of the Marlon opening day that the entire sales department's over there.
Everybody works in a building and so on.
What a phony, phony bunch of really...
Oh, God.
It's just a minute.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, because they're going to go over there and suck down the free booze, the free food.
Any chance that any of these people have to get out of this building they go?
Any excuse.
No, it's a matter of fact, just to show you what a dedicated employee I am.
What a real...
I'm going to stay here till two.
I'm going to...
You know what you won't be hearing me.
Well, you could hear me.
I'm going to stay until two.
Do you believe me?
No.
Oh.
Maybe on the internet.
No.
I tell you the day that Thorella and I did that hour on the internet when he was pointing the
trance hole and all.
Goodness.
That was great stuff, man.
Every other word was...
One of those.
That was classic.
That one only was a classic, but that's the kind of radio that the public really wants to hear.
A Michael Powell and Michael Cops and all you other lunatics, you fascist, you Nazi bastards, you...
That's what the public wants to hear.
It's funny, it's amusing, but the sense of humor is gone.
I see their owner.
It's done for Perrine and Tristan.
It appears to the Perrine and Tritia.
There might be a kid in the car.
See a flash of a booby for a half a second.
Oh my God.
We're going to go to Hell in a hand basket now.
A Tisca de Taskin.
He said something about a basket.
He's fired.
Yeah.
Wow.
Anyway, it's 11.53.
Marlon, man.
The pressure is...
I'm almost ready.
I'll just let a big one out now.
Why?
In local.
We're sports video fights in the US.
You AM.
On the whole investigation.
The children.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
More than that.
More than that.
The children.
The children.
The children.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
More than that.
The children.
The children.
More than that.
More than that.
More than that.
More than that.
The children.
More than that.
More than that.
More than that.
More than that.
More than that.
This is Queen.
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that.
And let me find him.
Let me find him.
Let me find him.
Let me show that.
He has a mind of a five year old man.
Five years old man.
Five years old man.
Six years old man.
He's a grand back of him in a long time.
Thanks to the job that he got from this debt.
We got him more in this debt CC.
We don't want the children to see a new debt team.
That's your own.
But the family team clean your home mess up the father knew it's best.
I don't want the baby shit your kid.
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that.
He didn't like what he thought when he said.
I'm afraid it was a felony fact man.
It was a mistake it's from a booby that's that.
I'm just gonna see that life too grand then.
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that.
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that.
Well, it's almost that time.
Aren't you excited?
I can't wait.
Aren't you guys going out there?
I'm not.
Me of it.
I think you're not going out there?
No.
Oh, come on.
I see all the free foods gone.
Put on your phone your best phone.
A Marlon fan go to meet and look on your plus.
650 votes on the poll.
Based on all that's happened.
What's your current take on a war in Iraq?
It was based on lives.
Bush had been in peace for oh nine.
Almost 66%.
It was based on lives 56.
I think it had to be done but was poorly planned 56.
Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 47.
I supported 100% 41 6.5% a Paul three few.
And I'm not sure yet 13.
This will try to finger that.
Joseph Gackey from P.P. Park coming up next to pregame.
The opening day maybe Marlon's on direct and deck 12.45.
The Marlon's hostie expose at the one 20 game front and the hopper the Hebrew hammer follows the baseball game about four dare votes.
Candy face off.
And it closing.
Ford.
