It's Monday.
Oh God Friday sits so far away.
Here I'm trapped in this office to stay.
I feel like crap, cause it's Monday.
I'm a huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff huff.
You still need that you love my eyes,
But I know that you keep on taking up my mind.
I'll play you cause I'm very good.
Check out my rest, they're poking on my butt, semi-eat.
You come onto me, I'm just putting things in my ears.
And it sounds so far,
But if you wanna take me, you're slow.
There's things about me, I don't think you know.
I'm underage.
All right.
Hey Grave,
You and your friend on me.
She's 25, but she's just a thief.
Perfectly, I've been my last three.
Daddy called the cops last night.
You're my best off perfect, you see.
Because I have surgery.
I'm a monster, which money?
My blood just ain't right now.
Rack them.
She's so very rich.
She'll face you.
That's 25, you should be scared of her.
Yeah, the matter of all things,
Don't spread later, look, die, no, die.
What is that?
She's 25, she's 25, but she's just a thief.
Instead of a day of mourning,
It's a day of celebration for every head of her sexual male
on the face of the earth, because Brittany got married,
But the good news is, she got it in no way.
Like almost immediately, she just had a little bit too much to drink.
Little drinky poo here, another little drinky poo there.
Again?
Again, she has a problem.
Maybe she's hanging out with a book girl.
Maybe she's hanging it out with them.
They ain't no problem.
Anyway, here's the New York Post for the great picture.
Did you check it out on the web?
No.
You should right now, go workpost.com.
Trust me, all of it is only black and white.
That's okay.
She looks pretty good right there.
Talk about quicky weddings.
It says only hours after exchanging vows
at a Vegas wedding chapel Saturday morning,
Brittany Spears had her new hubby, childhood pal Jason Allen Alexander,
arranged to have their marriage annulled,
one of Spears Reps confirmed yesterday.
It was the old inn and out.
The 22 year olds met with the Vegas lawyer Saturday afternoon
to begin hammering out their split.
Then George Maloof, Jr., Spears Close.
Spears close friend,
and the well connected owner of the Palm Scacino Hotel,
took over arranging for a buddy judge in town
to sign the papers that same evening,
a source told the post.
Did you see the picture yet?
I'm on it now.
She looks pretty good.
The whole ordeal was over by six o'clock Saturday night,
less than 13 hours after Spears decked in a baseball cap
and grungy jeans had walked down the aisle on the arm
of a Palm's limo driver to marry her handsome six foot
tube pal from Cantwood, Louisiana,
at the little white chapel, a wedding chapel at 5.30
in the morning with source set.
I know exactly where that is.
Don't you?
No.
Is that where you got married?
I got married at the Wee Kirk of the Heather Wedding Chapel in Vegas.
I see.
It wasn't clear if the couple had consummated their union.
Isn't that...
It wasn't clear if they had consummated the union.
Maybe they'd like to see the evidence.
Could we please see the evidence?
Yeah.
Still there were apparently no hard feelings
after the marriage's quick dissolution.
You notice all of that hard feelings solution?
All of the things.
Yeah.
Oh wait till the next program.
The peer reportedly dined with a few pounds of the Palm's steak
how shortly after signing the annulment.
The annulment means the marriage never legally happened
in bars, both parties.
I think you'll love this.
Bar is both parties from grabbing each other's assets.
Correct them.
I love it.
Leave it to the post baby.
They're hyperventilating their psychotic over Brittany's assets.
I got a color picture over here.
Do you?
Yeah.
Oh that's right.
I had a color picture too, but my own got a black and white printer.
Like I said, she looks pretty good.
I'll take you.
She looks glowing right there, especially with that crucifix on her around her.
In fact, I don't see any chain.
Do you?
Maybe it's just like glued on her thing.
It's stuck on you.
But while it ended, what has to be one of the shortest celebrity unions on record?
Speculation over what led Spirits to suddenly what has only just begun?
It says.
They said Spirits have been drinking a lot over the holidays.
Disponded over relatively poor sales of her in the zone album.
In the zone.
You know, even Dr. Ankins is singing that tune.
He's changed his tune.
Wait till we get into the spot, man.
I can't wait.
I might give them a free spot for balance for like just because of what it says about.
Even Dr. Ankins is changing his tune.
Yeah.
He's gone.
I love the note like that.
Wow.
Some posts the Spirits deny such claims insisting a related album is selling well
that the pop tart doesn't drink to excess.
But one I wouldn't have said Spirits was so smashed on champagne New Year's Eve allegations
a rep and Maloof deny that she had to be carried up from the rain nightclub to
were palm sweet by bodyguards.
Other sources said Spirits was also boozing it up at the Palm's club Ghost Bar in the
wee hours before she and Alexander laughing and giggling hopped into a lime green limo
and drove to two wedding chapels that were closed before they landed that little white wedding
got emerged license and said I do.
She said something like oh wouldn't it be funny if we got married.
Oh let's just go and do it a friend told a London son but then it turned into oh my God.
Oh my God.
What have I done?
Suddenly was a joke that went a wee bit too far.
Those close to Spirits are adamant the single was not drunk that night and said the wedding was a lar.
A spoke a spoke woman for Jive records Spirits labeled say yesterday miss Spirits and Mr.
Alexander a file for an element which will become official today.
Lick a recite some sources also believe that Spirits study of cabala.
What is that it's Jewish mysticism don't you.
Cabala cabala right right a Jewish mystical practice introduced to her by pal Madonna may have
something to do with her choice to ring in the new year with a new ring.
Cabala which places emphasis on marriage and family could have only been seen by Spirits
a chance to settle down and start a new source to said but if that was your dream it was short
to say.
Let's see Alexander recolors to the once become a pro football player returned to his hometown in a
kind of plate of mood is relative said his grandfather Robert said he picked the young man up from a New Orleans
airport he wasn't very chatty he's been through a lot and he didn't have much to say.
Meanwhile sure lot Richards in the owner of the chapel where the two were married has been offered a million
dollars by two tabloids for the wedding video tape according to an article today's Las Vegas son.
Million bucks for the tape I want to know if they consummated their their union 2 million for the honeymoon
video tape yeah what is this that you just sent to me or just something.
What is it oh no yes Robert creepers resume yes is he looking for a job yes all right all right good bye bye Robert.
Bye bye self hating orthodox whatever the hell you are this week maybe he's going into Carbala I never heard that in my life.
Oh yeah that's Carbala Carbala make make your own golem yeah all that's it.
Eat some Hala and study Carbala Carbala Carbala Carbala I don't know what it is.
More crap 1419 votes on a pool from a Friday I was here on Friday to arose what are you talking about from vacation.
He was so this is the first time he wasn't that's right but today look at that schedule baby we're back all right all right.
Got a lot of work to do to work a lot more in 2004 all right right not not actually literally like more days but just just like maybe do a few real shows would be good.
We got the mad dog is finally back Jesus how many days has he been on.
Right.
Christ almighty mad dog.
She managed it to the load.
Hank Olberg at Shulahsett for.
Perkuhatla we don't want the rest of the schedule it's pretty weak anyway we got the best in the old total 55,000 thanks to Miguel who rounded it off.
The 205 bucks nice going Miguel probably money from somebody else anyway 55 grand for best of a meal for this past year it's not that great not that bad right.
It's all good.
It's somewhere like in between for a band and pet rescue and now the best thing is only available online it's still right go to the
advantages dot com you can still get it and select a Jorge appearances and select the Georgia appearances too like when he plays the sandwich a guy right there's that 97 year old woman who was found alive in Iran.
Who said that a la God saved her so the other 30 or 40,000 people are died this is what always just kills me done to like these assholes man.
Always say it like there's a plane crash 300 people die and one asshole gets you know somehow survives get just to pure luck and says oh well the Lord looked over me answered my prayers.
What about the other 300 people he's like I see they were small potatoes right.
1425 votes on the pull from Friday.
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003 here's a clue.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
Uh, period of time goes by and then they think of something.
Right.
Sure took a long time before they thought that one up just like it took a long time before Michael Jackson set up oh they abused me.
They wounded me and they yeah rough me up and put me in that feces covered turlids.
Paul they should have stuck his ass in a bunch of feces you know that in addition to which judging from what the made road and that first that otherwise.
Vagra for him he should have been used to it anyway because he used to walk around with the poop in his pants.
was too lazy, you know, when he was in that magical bedroom in Neverland.
Why don't he have other fish to fry, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
1400 as in perch on this.
1429 perch, Rush Lombard, Ruggedition, 479.
Arnold, the Gropanator, elected governor of California.
392. I still can't believe you haven't seen that thing of G. Leno.
Introducing him.
No. Maybe I'm talking about how I like that.
I guess he was right after all.
It is pronounced Kali for you.
Here's the new governor.
It's just, it is so tacky and so unbelievable.
392 say Arnold is the biggest celebrity story of the year.
Michael Jackson arrested 219.
Kobe Bryant rape case 134.
Strom Thurman's love child moved up from Manoeward to 63.
Martha Stewart insider trading 46.
Don't forget January 22 starts the trial.
Puryselton sextade 29.
Madonna and Brittany's TV kiss 24.
Roy Horn, mall by Tiger.
Roy.
22.
And tied for last boy, they were sucking wind, the three of them all the way through.
Ben and J. Lo is wedding and Rosio Donal lawsuit only 10 for each one of those.
Nobody cares about them.
Nobody ever wants to hear from them.
No, Mo.
Here's today's poll.
Now we've done similar ones, but we've never done this one.
In spite of what you may think.
Right?
Right.
Of all time.
It's similar.
We've done different categories, things like that.
But we have never, and the reason I'm inspired to do this is because I haven't seen the James
Dean thing on with the king a few nights ago.
James King James King and Larry Dean, Jimmy Dean, who was selling at Jew food.
No, seriously, a whole hour devoted to James Dean who made all three movies and who smelled
real bad and was not doing just women and guys, but anything that moved.
And didn't look all that great to begin with.
I hate to break the news to you, but he was so, he was scummy looking.
Right.
But what if I do my face like this?
Right.
Exactly.
You know what he was?
He was a Marlon Brando wannabe.
Right.
That's what he was.
Right?
Right?
Right.
With none of the talent.
And you know who else is a Marlon Brando wannabe?
Christian Slater.
Matt Dillan.
Oh, yeah.
Very much so.
Matt Dillan.
Good person.
What is this thing you just sent me?
Just a thing.
Ross Laiton, said by hijacker sentence, a controversial former bomber pilot recently
sentenced to seven years in four months in prison for hijacking.
A small plane in Thailand has found at least one local sympathetic year.
US representative, Ilyana Rosanna Dana Laiton.
In a statement released last Tuesday, she expressed sadness and disappointment at the prison
sentence of Lee Tongue, whom she called a local.
Hey, nobody cares about that.
Why does what somebody faxes that crap?
Just another shot at poor Rosanna Dana.
Okay.
That bitch.
Here is today's poll question.
Who is the most over and by the way, today starts the arrest of our life.
I know that's a really tight cliche all out of crap.
Today we see if we got any audience left out there on QAM.
If there's any chance to like come up with some more in 2004, no mo in O4 is what we're
saying.
Absolutely.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time?
Now you notice major celebrity.
Don't be coming in with like a little marginal people at nobody ever heard of.
Major celebrity of all time.
We got a quick list of seven here.
James Dean, Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond, who's a legend in his own mind.
Barbara Streisand, Johnny Carson, St.
Yeah, Cruz.
And if you missed the show on Friday, which you probably because nobody was in town on
Friday, the local Cubans again, get all whipped up because George was ripping Cita Cruz
again.
I was trying to defender.
I was trying to defend that ugly drag queen, a gorilla push, but nevertheless, Cita Cruz
and Oprah.
That's still a so far the first seven.
The most overrated major celebrity of all time.
My, my, and local.
This is Fort Real, by City.
Way to Way M.
Are you drudge back in?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anytime they see that we're lagging in the home.
What they propose a headlong.
Hooray or chit-chat is a one
And now they.
One.
If they.
K to life, don't put me back to God, we got it, now we're all put together and say, we got it, we won't look happy, still know we got it, ladies must walk together
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do me, can't get any gum but a whole pony car to me
You believe what they say like they're called as they are nations, they're still a state to be called and true
We're the election, we got it, we got it, we got it, it's the one on your knees, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, it's the one on your knees, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got
it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it
We got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we
got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got
it, we got it, there, there, and there, and there, and then, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, right on the roof, we got it on the roof, we got it, we got it on the roof, we got it on the roof, we got it, we got it, we got it on the roof, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex.
sex, sex, sex, sex.
He's still like temporary, right?
Yeah.
Is that what he told you?
Why can't anybody, I asked these questions,
and nobody can give me a straight answer to anything.
Because I don't have a straight answer.
It's temporary for the time being.
Well, what did he tell you?
He said that you spoke to him, right?
He said, well, while supplies last,
void in the last gun, why?
He said they're trying it out for me.
Yeah?
Like, neither party is convinced, but so far so good.
So in other words, again, two contradictory statements.
So far so good.
No, no, that doesn't make any sense.
If it's so far so good, then why wouldn't anybody be convinced?
So in other words, it's still in there's still the size.
So far so good.
But both parties know that they're both, you know,
gigantic egos.
Yeah.
And probably it can work.
Something like that.
In addition to which we're all already looking for another job.
Like I said, Friday, this is the only person I've ever known
in a business much less worked with, who the minute he starts
to job, he's looking for another one.
Probably because I guess he knows, huh?
But anyway, that's the update on Farrell.
We need some new names for this pool today.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time?
Oprah is off to the races now.
She's got 16 that cross-eyed Jew bitch Barbara Streinshands got nine.
See, the reason Oprah, I wouldn't vote for her.
I voted for James Dean.
You want to know why?
I, uh, yeah.
Even though Oprah has absolutely no talent.
At least she's been on TV for what?
How many years now?
About third, man.
A long time.
She sustained that phony activist, whatever it is.
She's kept those mesmerized housewives out there,
buying the book she's peddling, and all the other crap
that she's doing under those pastel backgrounds, you know.
But James Dean made three movies in a year, got killed.
See what I'm saying?
Oh, I don't know.
Good point.
See the difference?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T now.
And what I see, line nine, ringing, that's not a good sign.
To start the official new year.
WDQA and line nine.
Hello.
I don't even hear like anything.
No, the pot on is the phone pot on.
Josh says yes.
I'll just program press.
There everything.
WQA.
Hello.
Okay.
There he is.
Like I said, there's a good start.
There it is.
I said again, siphoning up from South Florida all the way up here
where we got a little snow on the ground by the way.
In case cash can over is listed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I'd like to take a two by four and just beat that,
that asshole silly, you know what, wouldn't you?
There's a list.
Just beat the pulp the addout of his list.
Come in to QA and hello.
Here's how we knew you.
And happy new year to you, sir.
The Michael Jackson interview you were talking about.
That's got more drops in it for your show that you won't even need to go anywhere else for another drop.
There's so many good.
Did you hear the interview with him, Mike Wallace?
So that's a week ago yesterday.
Did you hear the lady said, when the guy said, are you going to share it with the bag?
He goes, of course.
You can play that, of course, over and over.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
There's another amateur program director wants to tell us what to do.
It's old, old, stale news, okay?
It's old stuff.
For the 60 minutes piece of week ago.
And it wasn't, it was head Bradley.
And while they look alike, a little bit.
Only the shade has been changed to protect the wrinkles.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Line one, I guess, is not working again.
The dots on?
No, but I got to press now.
It's not doing anything just like Friday.
Line one is not working again.
You know, I want to say it one more time.
I don't want to start getting all of that out of shape.
It's the 5th of January, okay?
Everybody, and I mean everybody, including me,
we had a nice long holiday, a chance to recharge our batteries,
a chance to like re-examine life.
It's all over.
All of that is over.
I thought it was over Friday and silly me come to find out.
It wasn't over Friday at all.
No.
But now there's been another weekend.
Now here we are.
It's so official.
Today is the beginning.
We look at the lineup.
We got most of the people in place.
This is the way it is.
And yet, at that place, all we have is a bunch of people
wandering around looking for a reason to be there.
Like Muff, for example, comes in this morning for about four seconds.
How about Clarence or Muff?
Get somebody, one of our vast engineering staff, online one.
So we get at least the phones working for the new year would be nice.
That could be your New Year's resolution, Clarence, is do something.
That would be nice.
Now speaking of doing something,
there had to be a whole different bunch of reasons why those British Air Flight 223s were cancelled.
The one that I find most fascinating is from the Mirror UK.
It says a British Airways flight to Washington was cancelled at the last minute yesterday.
And let's see, this was January the 3rd, which is 7th.
That's the one on Friday.
On Friday, after an intelligence tip off that a woman's suicide bomb
or plane to blow up the plane over the US Capitol,
have you heard anything about this prior to this story?
No, nothing.
He told me this morning.
Okay.
It was the 3rd day running that a major security scare
had hit the afternoon flight to 233 service from Heathrow to Washington.
They were also saying that the somebody British Air pilots were refusing to fly
with the armed sky marshals on the plane.
So there's a hundred different, I like this one the best though.
US security services told Scotland Yard the woman almost certainly linked to Al-Qaeda
intended to hide 8 to 12 ounces of plastic explosive in her vagina.
Like the vagina.
Nothing could be finer than to stick some in your vagina.
She would then go to the turret during the Boeing 747 flight,
remove the material and detonate a blast that would down the aircraft.
A senior Scotland Yard source told the Daily Mirror,
smuggling a bomb onto a plane by this method is one of our worst nightmares.
If you don't have specific information about the suspect,
it would be impossible to carry out an intimate body search of every female passenger.
How about just the broken ones?
Yeah.
In addition to which, like I said to you this morning,
that is only a part of the small part, so to speak of the problem.
Because how about the male passengers could hide it in their...
Right.
...in their some other orifice.
But that just doesn't make any sense to me,
because if they're just going to blow up the planes in mid-air,
I mean, you know, they would have a certain impact,
but that's evidently not what they want to do.
They want to take over the planes and use them as flying bombs again, so...
So there you go.
Believe whichever story assutes your fancy, okay?
Whichever one you find most exciting, like the one about the explosive vagina.
1027, in fact, if you put that one together with the Britney story and, you know,
huh?
Yeah, I think then you got something.
If you've got something wrong with your car,
here's the place to take it.
EF Taren Autor Repair, you'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway,
just a mile and a half north of Sanford Road in prestigious Pompeo Beach.
And EF Taren Autor Repair experienced the difference that experience makes.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, in other words, they know their stuff.
They're current with all the latest technology, and most of these guys have been with the EF team for almost 20 years.
The EF team is over 200 combined years of experience,
so to make a long story short, should they know their stuff?
What?
No job is too big or too small.
EF from a blown fuse to a blow engine, from a 73 to an a to an 0-04 Bentley EF Taren Autor Repair, do it all.
All their jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman.
EF Taren Autor Repair is cleaned upon completion of the work too.
EF honors most extended warranties, doctors, you evaluate service, and most repairs too.
EF Taren Autor Repair that address again is 5083 North Federal Highway in Papua,
which is called 954-4269926.
That's 954-4269926, when you call them, be sure to ask about their 90 days,
same as cash, no interest credit card.
EF Taren Autor Repair naturally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities
anywhere in the Italian USA.
In EF their motto is, nobody cares, more than nobody will work harder to earn your business.
That's it!
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company,
and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
EF Taren Autor Repair is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Hey, real fuck you.
Frank Sinatra 4, Johnny Carson 3, Neil Diamond 2, and Dick Clark just went up.
He just popped it up there.
How's keeper Denyze Limbaugh Blackmail charge?
I just still I'm just blown away by the fact that that was Chronic Joe.
Why?
Because I just can't believe that he would have the balls to become.
I guess he was just going to say something to you off the ear.
He certainly wasn't going to talk to me.
Maybe that's what he said.
He thought he was, huh?
That must be it.
WQAM Chronic Joe line.
He said something to you off the ear.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, he's the name?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
You need to give me some more of more.
Up to this more and more.
He said, um, nearly sandwiched between a big dog and a mad dog.
He called you dog piss.
Yeah.
Good one.
567.0560.
£560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm really pissed about that.
WQAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I got two for you.
OK, go right ahead.
Jerry Louis.
I only do one, but because the audience is so slow going.
And Jerry Louis and Jim Carrey.
They both suck.
Jim Carrey sucks?
Yeah, he's got my three good movies.
OK.
I'll put them on there.
Thanks a lot, Palli, you two.
Have a good new year.
Jerry Louis and Jim Carrey, I know I'm not going to make any comment.
We're asking you the question and whatever your opinion is fine, right?
Right.
I mean, Jim Carrey is so, who are we'd argue?
Right.
Even though we may think that you're full of crap.
They had some old Jerry Louis and he Martin movies on a few days ago here.
Yeah.
They look at the link.
And he was annoying.
Yeah.
There was one where he had the little animals who was playing a veterinarian or something.
Do you know what that movie was?
I don't know.
Be sure and miss it.
But anyway, he was very annoying then.
And then he came a lot more into it and then his face blew all up.
And he was doing those telephones and lady, yeah, with the flagol and the smigol.
I thought it was funny like when I was seven.
Yeah, right.
Housekeeper Deny's limbaugh blackmail charge.
She don't think it's funny.
This is in the inquirer so we know this has to be the emis.
Rush Limbaugh's long time drug supplier Wilma Klein has angrily denied his lawyers claim that she and her husband tried to blackmail the conservative talk show host.
And let me just interject again.
It sure is very, very peculiar how long it took before all of a sudden they came up with that cock-a-mainly deal.
In fact, it was long after his rehab that all of a sudden they decided to concoct this story about all that were trying to blackmail him for $4 million.
Well, the strategy team had to concoct all of these.
I see.
Just like the Michael Jackson thing about him getting beaten up.
And is it germane to the case?
We got more Michael Jackson stuff from the inquirer too.
Have no fear.
All right.
The inquirer is here.
Anyway, it goes on to say Wilma Rush's former housekeeper spoke out as a judge in West Palm Beach dealt Limbaugh 53 a major blow by ruling that his medical records could be of zimmed by prosecutors as part of an ongoing criminal investigation.
It was the second setback for Limbaugh and 24 hours earlier as spokesman for his radio network revealed that behind the scenes his attorneys were trying to work out a plea bargain on charges of
factor shopping for pain pills, a former prescription fraud.
As the embelled radio pundit fought to keep his medical records secret as nationally known attorney Roy Black made the stunning claim that Wilma 42 and her husband David demanded $4 million to keep his
Pulidiction secret.
Blackmail has never crossed our minds who went to the authorities because we finally decided it was the right thing to do a shocked Wilma told the inquirer.
And a attorney Ed Shohad told the inquirer the clients absolutely absolutely deny any allegation of blackmail they turned over hundreds of emails and phone recordings to the prosecutors in which Rush Limbaugh never once referred to being blackmail or even implied that there was any pressure being brought on him whatsoever rather he was only interested in getting his hands on more pills.
The inquirer revealed in a world-exclusive story in October that in 2002 after Rush Limbaugh talked for the second time he sent his attorney to Wilma's home to pay her the 80 grand the odor for supplies of illegal painkillers.
Four months later, Wilma told prosecutors she was called to the attorney's office, had another check for 100 grand and asked never to supply him with pills again.
On both occasions, the attorney demanded that she sign a promissory note to make the money look like a loan said attorney Shohad, he claims he's been blackmailed, and he forces the supposed blackmailers to sign a promissory note doesn't make sense.
Limbaugh is desperately trying to deflect attention from what he did onto the clients but his own paperwork is going to refute his allegation said Shohad.
Ready for that? Shohad? Shohad? Shohad.
Free it on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and C and Verizon wireless line.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time, Oprah 37, Barbara Streisand 18, James Dean 14, and Celia Cruz 11, Shaman Hughes for Picket on Celia Cruz.
In fact, Celia is going to make tomorrow's poll too. Two in a row. Line nine is always my favorite. Line nine, QAM.
Here, rush is a little overrated. WQAM. Hola.
Hey. Yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? I'm doing great. Good to talk to you, man. Hey, you know what? Don't change a damn thing. This is good like this. Right now. This is what we want. This is the old Neil Rogers show. More on calling the show. You deal with the morons and tell them to get the hell off. This is beautiful.
That's right. This is what we want, man. I make me laugh with it. This is what you're going to get a lot more in 2004 and any of these political professional talk show groupie listeners who think that we're going to do like political heavy duty light bulb radio here. They can blow it right out their ass. You know what? I don't want to hear it because you know what?
I don't agree with you in a lot of the political views. This is what I've got to listen for is the party. Why don't you hear what the agree or not? But basically it's preaching to the choir anyway. So that's the point. I totally agree with you 100%.
Amen. Go on the right track. Keep it going. Okay. And Bush is an asshole. Well, I mean, I had to get that in there. Well, huh? Just for him. Right. He's a mental defective. The president, but this guy don't agree. And that's his that's his prerogative. He can still do that as of now. Of course, in a few months, you may not be able to have a different opinion. Anyway, what do we got on here so far? We got 97 votes and about what? And about 20. That's not bad. We're starting to get there. We want to see if we have any audience back there after the November trend was just suicidal for us.
You people with the diaries, man, you really stuck it right in our. You're not fooling me because I know how the game works. Okay. I know how it's played.
Must have had maybe more got some of his boyfriend, including maybe maybe chronic Joe that called before maybe he got a couple of diaries. And didn't he show us two colors or what? Right. What did he say? He said a few you. He said few you when he found out it was me. So he's still listening right now. Well, in this thing with Pete Rose, I am so sick. It's hard to hear about. Freakin Pete Rose who admits finally that he gambled on baseball.
The man is a scumbag. He's a scumbag. DeGenerate gambler asked anybody who works at any of the subfloat attracts and they'll tell you what a scumbag he is.
Not just a chronic gambler, but a scumbag. So now that he finally admits after a lion for 14 years, he finally admits, oh, yeah, in his autobiography, he gambled on baseball. Now that's good reason to let him in a hall of fame.
Before I was ready to let him in a hall of fame. If we're going to come to me and ask me, should we do when I was going to say, oh, yes, sure. He was a great player.
How to put him in a hall of shame. He's right in there with somebody else. We know if he keeps my drift.
We're sports radio 5cp.
You a. M.
Carolina's we go to calls for Oprah. Hello.
I was wondering where you sexually active in college. Yeah, and I thought whoopi was amazing. Nothing like it. Yeah, nothing like it. Chicago. Hello.
I love the show. Thank you. Listen, I'm going to tell me it's illegal to run into a crowded buffet in yellow Oprah. Is that true? Yeah, who knew?
Boonsboro, Maryland. Hello. Hi Larry. My question for you. How much do you weigh? 64 63 yet out. Houston, Texas for Oprah. Hello.
Oprah, I'm trying to earn money for college. Do you have any suggestions? Uh, prostitute yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Seriously. Yeah. On the streets. Okay. Okay.
Oprah.
Oh, baby.
1046. What a cow, man. She's got 40 votes. The most overrated major celebrity wall time. Oprah 40.
Barmer Streisand 22 James Dean 16 senior cruise 12. Everybody else single digits. Although Dick Clark is a moving up. A lot of people pick it on dick. He's got eight out of 112 votes.
You'll see, man. We're going to make a comeback this year in spite of it all. Spidey Greg Reed.
The radio killer. Now let's see. This one says he must be a mega major celebrity because every single break last weekend that had Darcy Hortachuk.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Hornet Chuck. Trade out commercial with little Brady kid. This one goes on and on. I haven't even heard that. Have you heard it? No, I don't know what he's talking about. I have no idea. The Palm Beach troublemaker talking about poor Darcy Hortachuk. Nobody knows who Darcy Hortachuk is. By the way, simple for all and for else in Chicago. He's got man cow disease. He's gone.
Lionel Tade's going to be out. He's going to be free next month for poor little Lionel Tade. He sure lost a lot of weight Lionel Tade. Guess he did.
Ain't that something? Don't get so about it Lionel. After cooling his heels in there for three years. He's got to be out next month. He's side a plea deal, which they should assign to the first place. But what an idiot for a mother and an attorney. You know what?
Unbelievable. Had a chance to get the same deal three years ago. Oh no. Now anyway, he's going to be out. I don't want to even talk about him. You're talking about everybody's talking about him and his mother. Your mama. It's all the news, but nobody's talking about it.
Oh, well, something that is because there ain't nothing else going on. I'll bring the fact that everybody's peeing in their pants. And how come it is now? I'm going to say the same thing I said on Friday. Although I don't want to get that last guy. I'll bend out of shape.
But if we're supposedly so safe now, because we captured Sodom. And if the Iraq attack was to make the world safer from terrorists, which they changed their tune on that, just like Dr. Rackens has changed in his tune.
Then how come everybody's crappin' in their pants now about flying? I flew back from Amsterdam last week. I wasn't crappin' in my pants or even in the crapper. I just held it very nicely for the whole eight hours. I don't get it.
And then the British are saying, oh, well, this is only the beginning. Air traffic is going to be like this for years now. Based on what? Based on the orange alert?
Based on nothing could be finer than a bomb in your vagina. I mean, I don't get it. Right? It's the bomb, baby.
Rackdom. Yeah. I've dropped a few bombs in my time. I'll pay that. But bombs. But I'm sure it's all I can tell them that at the airport. Never see my ass again.
No, just not a good thing to say. You know, like if this you go up to the store to say, oh, can you tell me where the restroom is on this plane? I need to drop a couple of bombs.
You know, not a good idea. I mean, put it in those terms. Okay? I feel like I'm going to explode. No, not a good thing this day. So be very careful. Kind of linguistically with the flight attendants on your next flight.
Okay? Because otherwise they might have to drop your ass out of the plane. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time should be an endless list. I would think. But again, it is the Monday after finally after the holidays. So you can be sure this usual Monday is bad.
So today they got a lot of a lot of catching up to do. Trust me. W2 way in. Neil. Yes, sir.
Can you please put it on the top of that list? I hate him. That cracker. Okay. I like I like by Elvis crackers though. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's get Elvis on there. I almost put him on myself. But I figured somebody called in who hates him like poison. And there he was. And there he is. He said he's a cracker. WQ AM. Hello.
QAM. Yes, it sounds like you. Yes. I. Pally. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. How's it going, buddy? Pretty good, Pally? Good. Good. Listen. Did you get a chance to speak to your bio doesn't yet? No. Man, you got to check it out. I'm well. Awesome. Okay. Put it back in your pants. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Talk to the old. Please speaking. Neil got somebody with you with Jerry Lewis. He just went on there. He's already got a couple of votes.
Thanks. I'm sorry. Okay. No problem. In fact, he's got three votes. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You know, the guy to call before his right. Lots Mo in O4. That's our model. No more to try to save the world. No, I mean, I got some stuff to read like for example, because you might actually learn something you might care about. For example, I'm putting lime on the taste of the bottom of my pile. Yeah, nobody cares. Well, I mean, even if they did care, it's old news already. You know, I mean, it could be wrestling with any of my kids. Maybe he's wrestling with his conscience. If he had one, he's just.
A few break short is the best way to put about him. Yeah, a whole brick house. Well, I'm just telling you. I blame the mama. The mama. Another one of these religious freaks. Oh, this religion thing. I don't want to get started on that either because it just it just makes me so angry. It makes me furious. We like the angry Neil. No, you don't. The other guy doesn't want the angry Neil. He wants the yuck, yuck, Neil. That's what he wants. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. Just like that. Anyway, Dean to make surprise visit to Iowa.
See now the headline. This is in the Boston Globe. This is unbelievable. That's the headline. Dean to make surprise visit to Iowa. Now listen to the first paragraph. Okay. How are because he's in Iowa? They had the debate yesterday, which I'm so tired of those. Oh, enough already. And enough of this Jew Lieberman attack an Howard Dean. Hey, Lieberman, you don't want to put pushing in the first place. You asshole. You Orthodox. Nebysh. Anyway, did you hear what I just said? Dean to make surprise visit. I want to. I want to know what you're doing.
I was the headline on the Boston Globe story. Howard Dean, whose presidential campaign is already won the back in a former vice president. Al Gore is planning a surprise visit to New Hampshire tomorrow. Well, maybe I was in New Hampshire. An expectation of receiving the endorsement of the other leading Democratic contender from the 2000 race. Former US Senator Bill Bradley. He could sure dribble it, man. He's still dribbling a little bit right down his chin. Democrats in New Hampshire. Other parts of the wind would have been invited to a previously unscheduled appearance by Dr. Dean and Manchester for what's being
grilled as a very special breakfast, which a surprise endorsement is in store. Dean Hadman skidds order to attend a pancake breakfast in Muscatine, Iowa, about the same time before participating in a candidate form in Des Moines in the early afternoon. How do you like that? So they have it a big surprise breakfast surprise. Bill Bradley's going to endorse Howard Dean for president tomorrow. Is it a surprise? Sure. What? Let's see. Sergio says picked up this cartoon from the
Spanish newspaper ABC. I'll be say it's very indicative of what's happening to Bush in Iraq and it shows a rat with a bush push on it caught in a trap. And it shows the bait says Iraq on it and it shows the any so old in the American flag. Why don't you have to see it? I guess kind of cute. But I'm like it started on that bush bashing at least not to the new hour because we don't want to get that other guy all upset. Because like I told you before, the white males in America, they love Bush man, especially when they see that picture of Brittany on the front pages of New York.
Post who got married and then knelt right away. I bet she ain't got none and they can't touch these others ass asses. Like I'm sure he's got major asses, right? He didn't look too bad. I just saw him from a distance and I want picture there. How come we to see him from a distance. But Justin Tinkerbell, we get the pleasure of seeing over and over and over again up close and personal must be a new diet. 148 votes Elvis just went on there. He don't have any. That cracker Elvis from Tupola.
Mississippi. The most overrated major celebrity of all time. Oprah's got 53 Barbara Streis and 25 James Dean 19. I'm so pleased to see that James Dean is doing well because he was the inspiration for this poll today. Made three movies. And you think that he was like Jesus. Jesus in a sports car. WWJD. What would Jesus drive? Huh? Seriously. What would Jesus drive?
Maybe he drive that brand new Corvette is that the fifth or sixth generation. I think fifth. He probably driving E car.
Let's see James D19 Cilla crew 16 Frank Sinatra 10 and Dick Clark has got 10 single digits after that. We need a lot more names on it list. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Did the fix it stick his head in the door yet to fix that line one. No. Well, let's get with it, man. Let's get with it. Duff and Clarex. It's about time somebody needs to kick your ass. It's a damn good thing. I'm going to be there next week.
And just kick some real ass in that joint again. You got a bunch of people faking their way through life. Faking their way. Just sliding along. Grab on a check.
Moaning and groaning. Woe is me. I'm so overworked doing what? Doing what? Making up a bunch of schedules and you guys can't be between the two of them. They can't even get that right.
What else are they doing? They don't have to sit and babysit. Nobody has to sit in there and hover over the dump buttons when Joe Rose is on. That's for God. They I'm sure.
Right? They don't have to come in and monitor anybody. Show no more. And they're certainly not going to monitor that early morning show because nothing's going to help that.
Absolutely. Right. So they got like nothing to do but sit around and complain at all this other crap. WQA. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. Okay. This Reverend Jones.
Oh, Reverend Jones. That was him. WQA. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Reverend Jones in a barrel. Yes, sir. I'd love to put blue eyes on that list. I don't think I could think for Schmid ever.
He's already on there. I just got through reading the result. He's got 10 votes. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80.
I got one. Yeah. Brace and Ultra. Yeah. I got a good one too. How about Oprah? Huh?
Oh, because we even got a drop in where Larry says Oprah. Yeah. See. So how about Oprah? Let's put the Oprah on the pool.
The guy is right. That guy to call before is absolutely correct. That's what the audience wants to hear. They want fun and games. They don't want that nasty.
I kept thinking about her and listen to her just a very few calls that I'll never forget as long as I live and she's one of them.
Give me a bunch of condescending crap. Well, you've decided to talk down to the lowest common denominator as opposed to like you can be really such wonderful things.
Blow out your ass honey. Okay. And don't let her on the plane. I guarantee you she's got a pile in there. 10 56 at 5 60 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from the financial group. The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
A 100,000 dollar loan means your payments are only $334 a month. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan your payments are a low low 668 a month. Incredible.
Don't forget once you be financial gets you a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today tool free until the Todd Dreck to a new call 1 800 940 land get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost of expense.
Zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero closing cost even when you move to another property.
So get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from financial group call 1 800 940 land for details.
That's 1 800 940 land and never ever never pay closing costs again. Financial group it's 1 800 940 LED.
They were an equal housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
As you see.
Oh Canada a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers and now these legendary conucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Ann Marie's version of this rush classic.
A modern day warrior means try today's time for you.
Me mean.
And rushes take on this Ann Marie standard.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Zedu a white Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number.
Oh man look at my life. You're a lot like my husband.
Neil young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit.
I know that my heart of gold will go.
But it's not all there's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams crash test dummies doing the lattice more set.
Snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this bear naked ladies smash hit.
It's been one week since you look at me.
But you're head to the side of Zed.
I am a real.
Keep up your copy of the best Canadian singing other Canadians.
The great white North has never been so great over that matter so white.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W come and speak in a rush.
Yeah.
About that little contract times over New Year's I in Naples no less.
What's that?
What's needed in Naples?
I never heard of it.
What kind of planet are you living on Naples?
Floor I'm just right out right now that's why I was stolen a little bit.
It's an old story. It's from days ago.
The lead guitarist for the rock band rush skirmish with Sheriff's deputies spat blood on one and was arrested New Year's Eve after a send refuse to leave the stage at a fancy hotel authorities.
Be saying never heard of it.
Deputy said they had to use a stun gun on 50 year old Alex Zivo Jinnovitch known on stage as Alex Lyson for what they described as a drunken violent behavior at the Naples Ritz Carlton hotel.
Fancy Schwansi.
Zivo Jinnovitch was released from Cogger County jail Friday afternoon also arrested were a son Justin 33 and a son's wife Michelle 30.
How old is she?
30 man.
Jerry Barry and attorney representing these Zinnovitzes they just want to keep put that in here a million times because they know I'm going to try to read it.
The client comment and referred all calls to S.I.R.O. management in Toronto a telephone message left with S.I.R.O. was not returned on Friday.
Justin said deputies broke his father's nose.
But yeah they had a picture of him with a blood all over his shirt and crap. He's all pissed off and fired up.
So there you go.
What is this other crap?
Howard Dean is my overwhelming choice for presidents as this fact.
Somehow I don't feel warm and fuzzy when he or the media refers to him as Dr. Dean. I agree I said that Friday.
I think it's time to abandon the title as he plans on practicing while in the office.
I don't think he uses the title himself.
I think it's just the assholes in the media and these moderate moderate.
No actually the moderator in the debate is they called him governor Dean which is correct.
Good.
Five time governor of Vermont.
Anyway Jason said oh here's an excellent one.
Really?
If we keep pushing this long enough Jerry Seinfeld.
Oh yeah he just makes my skin crawl.
He makes coolies leave my body.
Okay they just if I see the picture they just go flying away.
He still is famous based on a mediocre show that's been in syndication for years.
Although not major celebrities the Hilton sisters have been famous for absolutely nothing.
They're ugly, bony, skanky and townless. Go away already says J.
Good point J. Excellent.
Yeah.
And I don't know what's so erotic about a skinny nasty, skanky bitch.
What was the lot of what could possibly be so that makes it an erotic tape because he's got money for women it does.
I see if a guy's got a lot of money.
182 votes on the poll today.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time from the bottom up.
Elvis Neildyme and Johnny Carson three of peace Jim Carries got seven.
I find that to be sacrilegious.
Yeah.
No don't you find that the little odd I mean he might be wearing a little thin.
Right.
He's a little bit some pretty crappy movies but he's most overrated.
Right.
He's got talent.
He least he's done some good stuff.
Yes.
Jerry Lewis seven.
Hey ladies got some votes.
Dick Clark twelve.
Frank Sinatra old blue eyes has got twelve.
Let's put Frank Sinatra on the poll.
He's got twelve votes.
See their cruises got 20.
All right.
Vante.
Oh.
Our team's team 26.
Barbara Streisand cross eyed bitch 29.
And Oprah is got 60.
She's leading the Pac-Man.
She's gone.
She has gone down the close the barn door the cow is out.
Maybe the votes will equal her weight by the time the paper is the mad cow.
567.0560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Is she a black angus then?
Back to him.
Ainess.
Don't you remember that the chin there's nothing on business are they?
Black angus.
The steak restaurant are they still around?
Nothing I know.
No the black amus.
WQA.
I'm not a black am.
Hello.
Yeah that wasn't me on the radio or I was.
I was.
I was Steve Nichol said that was his favorite was the old black amus.
Remember that?
Yes I do.
WQA.
Hello.
Hey what's up?
How you doing sir?
Good good I want to put one of the list.
Go right ahead.
How about Dr. Phil?
Dr. Phil's a good choice.
I don't think he's going to catch.
Listen I bet say that cruise wasn't turning in a gray right about now.
You mean like turning into a real woman?
She's singing a tune like Dr. Bob.
She's singing a new tune like Dr. Bob Ackon.
That's Bob's coming up in a couple of minutes by the way call all your friends.
I've really had a piece of copy that inspired me as much as the new copy for balance for life where it talks about Dr. Rack.
Even Dr. Ackon's is changing his tune.
I'll try and ever promoted a commercial before with a dead man.
In fact his tune for a few months there was like mmm and I was like mmm.
And he's changing his tune in the box.
It's all Dr. Bob in the box.
He was I don't want to say.
You know he has helped a lot of people.
He finally once he croaked and they said oh you know what his diet really works.
In fact that's all you hear everywhere in the world in Europe.
The same thing that's all they're talking about is the Ackon's that.
Now that he's in the box.
Now they had that little slip and fall.
Oops.
Well whatever you do is speaking of a slip and fall.
Don't be going on a plane after you eat those uh one of those Ackons what energy not energy.
What's the name of those bars?
Uh advantage.
Advantage bars.
No that's not it.
No that's the other ones.
Wow wow wow wow because you'll keep running to the uh tourlet man after about the 40th or 50th time they're going to start suspecting something's going on.
Like you're pulling something out of your ass beside that.
I'm telling you.
Oh my god those things are got so much of that multitall and sorbitall and crap at all.
It's just unbelievable.
And like you said the people that survived Dr. Bob they've turned the whole enterprise strictly and like money making like Ron Popeel.
And speaking of Ron Popeel.
We got to get him on again someday for a couple of minutes on the phone.
Okay.
Maybe he'll extend each one of us one of those.
The new they they'll begin to improve the rotisserie whatever they call it.
I'm still waiting for my pocket fishery man.
Oh no no I'm serious those things are good.
This is the first good invention.
He is milking it.
They've been doing it for three years.
He said they've sold five million of those.
Now do the math.
Okay.
No I can't do math.
No.
If he if he made just individually.
If he made like five bucks a piece or even two bucks.
That's 10 million just off that one and they're right.
And you know it's got to be more than that.
Can you stop at that point and go spend some of it?
I'm sure he's have well you know they tape the infomercial and then you don't say he probably isn't working in for six months.
That's good point.
And if it's not the best machine you ever bought for your kitchen.
The a secret weapon against Michael Jackson.
This is also in the inquire.
See I don't read like a lot of a crap like anything from the hero to the Sun Sentinel.
Because most of it is crap who who could ever believe it.
But if it's in the inquire I do believe it.
In fact that's about the only thing I gotta say.
I will hand it to Mr. Ego who's a total waste of space.
Piece of crap.
But years ago I used to make fun of him because he'd read from the inquire on the year and he'd say that was the only publication you could really trust.
And I'd say what a moron you are Steve.
And I have to tip my little fedora to him now you know it.
Even though he's a real scumbag.
How many kids has he got this way?
And he's got like mixing match.
He's got some white kids and black kids and Chinese kids and purple kids and Indian kids.
They have a subscription.
Yeah.
Like Columbia House.
He has a prescription.
In fact, Russia's getting them some new ones.
New kids.
The a secret weapon against Michael Jackson prosecutors have a secret weapon in their case charging Michael Jackson with molesting a boy.
Two other alleged victims who could help put the king of pop behind bars.
What's more, a secret police file containing photographs.
Video tapes.
Another item.
Seed from Jackson and connection with earlier molestation claims could now come back to hot him.
In this trial, the DA will want to show a pattern of abuse and a pattern similar behavior by Jackson.
The police are fully inquired.
That's where the earlier evidence will come into play.
In 93 the Santa Barbara County DA's office launched a 13 month pro bon convened a grand jury looking to sexual abuse.
Actuations brought against Jackson by a 13 year old boy.
Jackson wasn't charged in the criminal case because he paid the boy in his family $15 million to drop their civil lawsuit brought at the same time by the accuser.
And of course that was back in those days when his family wasn't quite so tight when it weren't so desperate to stay on a gravy tank.
But he were saying things like that damn bag and I can't stand it.
You go girl.
Authorities say that we're dropping criminal charges because the boy wouldn't agree to testify against Jackson in court.
But since then California laws have changed now Santa Barbara DA Thomas Stedden who tried to prosecute Jackson a decade ago can force the 93 accused to testify against Jackson in the new case.
You ready for that?
No.
In addition, a second boy who said he was sexually molested by Jackson then left the country as we churned and he could testify too.
He's singing that parliament song.
I want to testify.
Boy sure love that song, don't you?
That's okay.
You don't like it?
I like it part.
I love it.
Pron and California criminal defense attorney Steve Cron who was not involved in the Jackson case but is following it closely told the inquirer, assuming that Stedden knows where the first alleged victim is and he believes that kid now in adult, he can definitely call him as a witness and make him testify against Jackson where they want to or not.
The fact that Michael may have paid the kid off and they both say non disclosure agreements does not mean for a minute the boy can ever talk about it.
It's true we can't give interviews to the president about it.
He can't talk in a civil suit about it but it cannot shield him now from testifying in a criminal action when subpoenaed.
Stedden and any judge will tell the boy if he's ordered to testify that the gag order does not hold.
Months before the 93 scandal broke the inquirer first reported the story of Jackson's bizarre relationship with the young boy and it goes on and on about that in the Audi Audi and his world has turned upside down since the new charges against Michael arose.
He had been trying to live out a quiet life out of the spotlight moved to New York City from California and remained single.
Because of the multi-million dollar settlement he hasn't had to work and never Andy lives comfortably.
He thought he'd never have to testify but now that the lawsuits are different and the new accusers involved he's fearfully brought back into court but he's not a liar and if fast he'll tell the same story he told back then that he was molested.
And then somewhere in here goes on about the second kid.
So there you go they're going to like nail his ass to the wall in spite of that slime ball mark.
Ergo's man I just he just makes me ill and yeah little later on I don't want to like over you know bury the audience with Michael Jackson stuff but please.
Oh seriously this is from the examiner which I think is slightly less credible but nevertheless DNA and this this ties in with the story had a couple weeks ago DNA tests for Jacko's kids.
If it's discovered that Michael's been lying about being the kids real father prosecutors will dig even deeper to find out what else he's been hiding.
Yeah it's the old deal about if you lie about one thing just like how stupid it was to make up the story about being brutalized by the police.
Yeah because when it's obvious to anybody with a half a brain who isn't one of your sicker fans that you're lying to your teeth about that then it's probably your lying about everything else.
It's like if Greg retails you one day the week it is you probably figure he's making it enough because he lies so much so I'm saying.
I say called no credibility is what it's called by the way Greg thanks for screwing up our lives.
How many votes we got I'm going to be watching this pull 211 you know we need today what we need 700 by two o'clock or George is doing to show the rest of the week.
What hey why you on vacation Josh can attestify to this we had that didn't we go over 801 day to while we're on here.
Win of a nine. Did we yeah one day we went over 800 and one day we over 900 and the reason we have such a tremendous responses because the audience knew you weren't there.
That's right.
Well but I find works even better is if we threaten to put you on here then huh then they then they steal all the people's computers so they can vote again.
Me too.
211 votes we need 700 by two o'clock on here it's a tall order I admit that we even do it.
Here's a great piece of copy.
Are you ready for your new year's resolution while balance for life is got it for you it's the convenient affordable weight loss and eat healthy gourmet meals delivery service that we've been talking about for a long time now.
Katrina's lost 15 pounds on a by the way she's doing great nice going girl to visit eat right to tear to cook tonight no time for shopping.
Hate doing the dishes tear that afternoon drowsiness no time for the gym balance for life is your answer.
They combine the knowledge of zone based nutrition with special emphasis on the glycemic values of your carbohydrates and deliver right to your door three hormonally balanced gourmet meals two delicious snacks even a 60 ounce bottle water right to your door step by six o'clock every morning in your little black sack and now it seems the famous dr.
Wackens maybe changing his tone.
These changing is still.
Listen can you hear him?
It is new book age defined die revolution he speaks exclusively about zone based principle such as the glycemic index being a useful tool for selecting foods eating at least three full meals a day essential for keeping your blood sugar steady and if I read this whole thing it'll be a ten minutes spot and the list goes on.
So get with the real control improvement weight loss and eat healthy lifestyle evenly choose between two alternatives for each meal if you did it's run a program no shopping no cooking nothing else to choose but filling out that menu once a week and the on staffed
I just will consult with you weekly to guarantee your success so if you're tired of being fat if you made that news resolution to lose weight here's the way to do it called balance for life two day and start losing weight on that scale right away called nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web at balance for life dot com.
I'm not a spy in local. We're sports radio five six you a few a.m.
Oh even though the ex wife of record producer Phil Spector said nothing but me hateful things for the past twenty nine years the former run that has apparently changed her to.
Oh child I mean to tell you this is a good man even though feel kept me like jumping the basement and fed me nothing but rice and sour skills if a good man even though he beat me when it
can in my life when it's Chuck Taylor canvas hot top converse. That's a good. I don't believe he killed anybody least I wait on purpose but
wait I'll be a parent of the late towel Red move in on New Year's Day in a lobby from three to five I'll be singing be my baby be my little baby.
I still got the pipes it's a charity show to benefit me and of course this was for the children there's a pretty good chance my friend any money may swing by the L. T. R. I.
To take me home tonight. I scared myself with my marvelous voice anyways these charges against my ex husband is fully.
I'm calling for sure he tried to kill me once but not by his own self he had a kill man that's totally different we had a disengagement about me one to eat
pixie six instead of sour skittles down in the basement and he flew off the hammer and hired a kill man I was bruised but not died in
the contract. Let me say there's fair spectral from innocent my aunt until not proving innocent by a jury of 12 people who don't
like his two pay. I blame Palmer cotton is for this incident for putting out the naked album and taking all the hard work by my ex
fail leaving it off the record down on the floor that's kaka that's poo poo and it drove them to the killing that he didn't do. I must go back to my
home. Rally specters opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person medication during the interview provided by Bristol Meyer
Squibb. 1120 I five sixty W. D. Kim the mad dog is back from vacation to two. All right and you got the Humper they are low at four from
Schuylistake two four to seven hercune hotline at seven from Tony Rome was the big eight to ten tonight.
Any K ten to two in June Mark overnight two to five an a.m. So we're back to like a regular schedule it would appear to me.
So it seems so I guess we're going to have to like lower that bar a little bit first day back.
Six hundred four. We did four get out of here we did five hundred five hundred.
Five hundred five hundred. Yeah four votes. Five hundred if we don't get five hundred by two o'clock votes on this pool.
George no it's what I say six hundred so you can't be able to six hundred.
The George is working the rest of the week and I'm taking like another week vacation. I got a whole bunch left.
Here's the fact that says if you tried the Z carb chocolate bars no I'm not.
You ever hear that you want me to send you the five pages of propaganda that followed that facts no.
It says I've had only the dark chocolate but they're freaking awesome no sugar and vegetable another
Crapidol no maltitol sorbetol no Crapidol they're made with Splenda well that sounds splendid fabulous.
I think that you prefer milk chocolate and I actually I like it dark my guys I like light my chocolate I like dark.
And I haven't tried that yet it says but if the quality is anything like the dark chocolate I think you really enjoy them.
I bet I could go online and find Z carb chocolate bars. Yeah easy says here's the weird thing mentioned in the time magazine article.
You can find them at least a couple of flavors at seventy eleven of all places we got seven eleven here.
No no no no seven eleven. I got the dark chocolate with macadamia not loving I'm ordering a case today.
I'm putting this over here in my take a puke at it later pile. Thanks Mark.
It's part of the fact that you rip into my ass.
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time not just one category of all time 232 votes.
So I'm the weak side if you ask me will never make 600.
You better start getting some pool ideas for the rest of your week.
No nothing I'll play bits.
Oprah Winfrey 75, Barbara Streisand 35, James Dean 32, Celia Cruz 27, Dick Clark 15, Frank Sinatra 13, Jim Carrey 11,
Jerry Lewis is stuck on seven. Dr. Phil five Johnny Carson four Elvis four Neil Diamond three and Jerry Seinfelds got only one.
I don't think Seinfelds going to give her any because these it's another one of those state of mind things.
You're supposed to like Seinfeld just like you were supposed to love mash.
Right happy days. Oh no. Yes. Who said that? I know what Tom Bosley said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T we had one lady on there today with a suggestion for our poll.
No, not a one. We didn't have chronic Joe on there that was good.
And we had Reverend Jones twice already just getting started WQM. Hello.
Hi. Yes sir.
I got a suggestion for the poll for what ahead? I got Jesus Christ.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. Hey Zeus.
See. WQM. Hello. Yeah, that's something new speaking. Yeah, how you doing today, buddy? All right, Pally.
Not if not George. No, it's not George. George don't say Pally. Okay.
Speak. Oh, say Pally. Pally. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it got for us. Sir, speak to me. Speak to me. Yes. Yeah. No. Hey.
If you don't get enough vote, what we're going to do will call Joe Cororio back and we get some damn votes from my.
All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it. How many we got now?
We got to get 600 George. We got over 500 Friday when it didn't look like it was any chance.
We only got 240 now. So you know, just do the math. We got to get over 300 by noon because then it starts slacking off a little bit when they go to lunch and they start turning over to rush.
240. What? I'm just I don't want to play butch boss, but I'm just telling you the chances of 600 look pretty slim to me.
I'm putting a heavy load on the audience and shoulders today. They 600. They'll be like half the people we got left listening.
Thanks a lot. Great cyber cafe. Thanks a lot Greg.
WQM. Hello.
Yes, sir speaking. Hey, Woody Allen. Woody Allen's a fine choice.
And Gloria is up on an even better choice. All right. Have a great new year, man.
Gloria, Stephon. Can she sing? No. Can she add? No. Does she make any sense? No.
Is she just a grandstanding bitch? Here. There you go. Should you go? No, I'm just I'm just saying what what? Where's the talent lies?
Is there any talent inside that body at all? No. She's she's a hell of a vote operator. I'll tell you that. Her and her husband the vote of them.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. What's his name? Emilia. Who did they say before that? Cause we got distracted by Gloria. Woody Allen. Yes.
And Gloria as Stephon. See Woody Allen to me is just like he's just neurotic. You know.
I like some of his older movies like any hall didn't see it. But there is didn't see it. You want to know why?
Cause you don't like him. Cause if he's in it, I won't see it because I can't stand Woody Allen. He's neurotic. He's like a nebush.
She just I don't know. I just don't like looking at him. Sleepers was funny. Never seen it.
WDQ. Am hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal speaking. I got one for you. Go ahead.
Slice the loan. Slice the loan is magnificent choice. Have a great new year, Pellie.
Slice the loan. See now they're now they're getting it. Now they're starting to understand it.
Absolutely. Right. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely.
26 past 11 at 5 60. You know, Dr. Rackens is singing a different tune. Did you hear that? In fact, wasn't that other thing about that bit that we're playing about.
Rodney Spector singing a different tune. Everybody is singing a different tune. And you know what?
Greg's better be singing a different tune to come January 16 when he takes a look at the damage he's done to WQ.
Am nice. Go on Greg. Just keeps building it up and then ripping it apart. Building it up and then tearing it apart.
Lundentic. A crazy person on the loose.
26 past 11 at 5 60 W. Come speaking of meal replacements. Speaking of stuff that tastes good as opposed to that of the crap.
How about interest diabetic? A truly delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to me made for people living with diabetes.
But anybody wants to cut their sugarmetake down can drink it too and enjoy it.
Interest diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar.
So there's no aftertaste like a year with aspartame and saccharine recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they happen to be in a big hurry.
Interest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants.
Yet it's low and saturated fat and low in cholesterol too. In fact, interest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free too.
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition. Try it once you'll never go back to whatever else you would drink and before.
In fact, the makers are so sure you're going to love interest diabetic. They're given away free full-size samples and vanilla and chocolate flavors to anybody who calls this tool free number.
1, 866, 368, 3739. 1, 866, 3739. What is it? 368, 3739 or faster yet? Order yourself samples at interestdiabetic.com. Just click on free samples.
Tell me, Neil sent you by for the delicious one and get an additional special gift. And you can buy it all over town now at Publix, Walgreens, Echards, Navarro, Sadanos, CVS and other local pharmacies too.
Here's that tool free number to call again for your free sample. 1, 866, 368, 3739.
My, and local, this is Sports Radio 560. You way, you way.
Hey, who are you looking at?
Who?
Yeah, slide is the not case. You can't look directly at me. You cannot look in his eyes.
If you do your job close by by, he'd say, when I come in a room, you leave it you leave without turning around.
It's no wonder they'd be last that long.
Just slide the love, first best one of them, the job. Close these thought guys, they're job.
Another soon you, when you're white. Just slide the love and get your speak to him. He's mine.
Stack your back, close your guard. This kind of treatment just ain't right. He's sliced the love.
Can't complain about his tell, he don't have any. And you were the one tell me about how much you liked Rocky, which just struck the crap out of me.
I didn't go on, nothing I said it was okay. You went on a great length. You said it was one of the greatest movies of all time.
Okay, yeah, sure.
I'm sure, how can you say you enjoy that movie? I enjoyed that movie and I also enjoyed first blood.
Oh, no, like that. Holy crap, but not the other ones, but not Magnolia.
I like Magnolia a lot.
1132 and 560. I just can't hear you anymore. Dan Rather of CBS, somebody says they put Dan Rather on air.
The most overrated, okay. Would we say Dan Rather is a celebrity?
Rather not, but we'll do it anyway. Is he a celebrity? He's celebrated. He's a celebrity.
Okay, I'm just asking just double checking. Let's get him on here.
Now, let's see, we're going for 600 votes by two o'clock or Georgia's all the rest of the shows Tuesday through Friday this week.
We got 274. I think we got a shot.
Now on Friday, I thought we had no chance at all for 500 and we kind of like chicken away. We backed away from that.
And then all of a sudden they're toward the end. The phenomenal response.
Just because they were terrified you were going to be back on again.
The most overrated major celebrity of all time, Oprah Winfrey 81, nobody can touch Oprah and quite frankly who the hell would want to?
Barbara Streisand 42, that'd be a good pull question. How much would it, how much would she have to pay you for you to bone her?
Ooh, I don't put the bone in her nose, by the way. Make it into a racial thing.
I don't know if it's possible, see? To put the bone in her nose.
I guess there's Viagra.
Oprah's got 83. Barbara Streisand 42, about a two to one margin there out of 278 votes.
James Dean 35 doing very well. Jimmy Dean.
Celia Cruz 31. Dick Clark 19. Frank Sinatra 14. Dr. Phyllis was the late editions. About 13. He's zoomed up the list.
Maybe he can be there with his gal pal. Jim Carrey 12. Carrie Lewis 9.
Johnny Carson 7. Elvis Presley 6. Jerry Seinfeld 4. Neil Diamond 3. Neil Diamond ought to be doing better than that.
He blows. All you like Neil Diamond? His old stuff. Like sweet, care, relying on Saturday.
Cracklin Rose. Cracklin Rosey is a whole, whatever that is. He's a terrible.
I think you're right. I said like, don't like what?
What bothers me the most about him is he really believes that every song he makes is like an epic classic. He's like Holly. Holy.
He just. No, seriously, you know what I'm saying? He thinks he's a hot stuff like jazz singer crap. That was really nauseating.
Yeah, he ain't no else. I'll tell you that. Yeah. Anyway, Sean and Hollywood says he nominates the most unfunny.
First of all time. Andy Kaufman. He said he's about as funny as the later stages of Ebola and his minions throw around the word genius.
Like he's the Stephen Hawking of comedy. He said there's never been a movie made about Leonardo da Vinci, but they spend millions to deify this.
Third. How do you like that? You turn Andy Kaufman. Get him on there.
Oh, there. Okay. I'll tell you. He was a real turd. Not not for our list because he's not famous. All the way is now.
He sure got a lot of publicity out of it. That Steve Irwin got the out of crocodile guy. Yeah. What an asshole.
I see there's another thing where you and I disagree. Oh, by the way, I found out something fascinating over the weekend.
I can't reveal my source. Okay. You know, I was talking on Friday about the fact that Miss Fudge is yanking it while he's listening to the show.
Uh-huh. Guess what he wears. I can. He's got. He's got pink silk panties that he puts out.
He's got about a quarter to ten every morning to get ready for this show. He puts it on right on his head.
Can't you just see it now? I'm trying not to picture it. Mm-hmm. My, my, my. Nice going, Matt. Miss Fudge. By the way, I hope his nursemaids take good care of him.
Changing his diapers and changing that the sweet empty out the bag every little couple of hours anyway.
Crocodile hunter, Steve Irwin snapped back at critics who have accused him of endadering his month old son's life by holding him while hand feeding a crocodile saying today he would even do it again.
What I would do differently is how to make sure there were no cameras around. He told network 9's TV nationally broadcast current affair program when I was a very small boy.
I did the same for me for me, not to me, but for me. In fact, when I was nine years old, he let me jump. Restrain and capture my first crocodile.
Oops. Oops. What a shame. He didn't have like a little incident. You know what?
Child welfare advocates have said the TV hero when danger to son Robert and the incident Friday drunk comparisons. And I, I thought of exactly the same thing.
Comparisons with pop star Michael Jackson, the dangled is an infinitable hotel into in Berlin in November of last year.
Michael Jackson has done a qualified child dangler. He's not. No. I hear he's held a lot of children real close to tight.
Good point. And he hangs out in real tight is what I'm hearing. In fact, that's how he likes him is real tight.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I don't care what anybody says this guy's an asshole.
Oh, he was an asshole, but he would have stumbled and fallen just like you said before the show when you were singing different tune like Dr. Rackens.
No. People exploit little kids all the time. Right. It's show business. Right. Carnival.
Circus circus families. The the the willand is an old. He fell down. He's dead, but wasn't he brave? You know stuff like that? That's their family. Right.
I kind of like that your home was witness is same thing. Somebody Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah, I got a call for Neil. Yes, sir.
I got a name for Paul. Go ahead. When you can. Wayne Newton is a fabulous choice. Or Donkey Shane. Donkey Shane.
In fact, I think that's the winner. Don't you? I wish I could change my vote. I do too. I think he'd go past Oprah like he was laying out still.
Like she was in the prone position. Wayne Newton get him on there right away. Thank you Eric. By the way from putting up with us.
295 votes. We're going to have 300 well before noon. So we got a shot. We got a shot, which I don't know what I'm celebrating about. I should be saying, hey, don't vote.
But I don't want to fix it. Make no work. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T. And the rise and wireless line. My dog is back today is to after missing many, many days.
And an extended vacation after we just screwing off. And I guess the pressure with that dolphin season. How does that dolphin play off a picture? Look. Sorry. What?
Oh, that's bad. See, there he goes. Rub it in. That's why they hate you here. Neil. That's why everybody itself. I hate you because you're a patriot fan and a papyrus one. Their last 12 and a row. They finished 14 and two. And because they are kicking serious ass.
I tell you one thing. They better really further. Cool. So all of a sudden. You see that to Denver game. Josh. I did. 46 to 10 or something like that. I mean, they just they just wipe the. They're asked with a man. Yeah, it was embarrassing.
It was unbelievable. All Denver's not all that good. Anyway, course, keep in mind who used to be their quarterback. Brian don't keep falling down, baby. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Now what game did Bob Greacy do over the weekend?
He didn't do the orange ball game. That he what came to do? Did you do the orange ball? I don't know. I was present. I think he done it. And man, he sure looked very.
He didn't go here to me. I don't want to you know, I want him anybody to misunderstand what I'm saying. He looked a little lost. Maybe after that tough season that is on Brian.
Have with the dolphins, man. Maybe that's why Bob is like doing the old. Bob and we've WQ a hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I had a couple for your list. I don't know. Go right ahead. Take more than one. But how about John Wayne?
John Wayne is sensational. See again, the question is of all time. Yeah, see he's dead, but he's still pretty annoying. Right. And I got a couple that I don't like. Mick Jagger can't stand them. Ben Stiller suck Ray Romano.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I can't write that bad. Mick Jagger Ben Stiller. Ray Romano. Yeah. Will Smith.
And one that I can't stand is so many people love it. Jamie Lee Curtis. Oh, Jamie Lee. They don't come more butchered and Jamie Lee. No, they don't. And it's like the never had sex with a female male. Amen. See a meal. Okay. And the sky looks blue to me. Jamie Lee Curtis.
The daughter of Tony Curtis, aka Bernie Swartz. And remember, he, uh, he sure had some really interesting taste Bernie Schwartz. Right. And mother.
People knew that rich. He Simmons told me that. Right. Mm hmm. He said he was a Schmidt expert, something like that. My time is a stupid question. But since, uh, how does she stop Lee in Jamie Lee? Like Ellie, E or like her mom, like Pinky Lee, Brenda Lee. Okay.
Got it. Brandon Lee, Brandon Lee, Lee Jeans.
I'm sorry, Dan. Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil Doano Comm로ter Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil Doano Delicar's Best
Dr. Pangem Name of trump.
And every human should
Not to feel pleased just make it down
Your freaking self is clown
Try to handle things like your friend don't grow old
That's crazy!
Not to feel stop
The retired go away
Not to feel stop
Just leave and take your son Jay
I think I'd like the crocodile guys
Steve Irwin better he was holding on to say Gary Coleman
Okay, huh? Sure
Maybe McColley Culkin seven years ago
Although Michael would have got upset about that
Guess who's listening George?
I'm listening!
A wrong Howard. Howard from New Jersey who faithfully listens on the internet
I'm listening! Thanks Howard!
Absolutely!
It's just got back from four lot of day
Look for you in Windixian publics on knob Hilbert's no avail
Well guess what I wasn't there
Number one and number two I don't shop in either of those places anyway
I shop in publics at the sawgrass baby
That's where the good people are
I'm not knocking the other publics
Windixie I don't know
What?
Anyway, it's a good choice Howard in New Jersey
It's just one person I've never understood who should be on your list
Bill Cosby! Absolutely!
Others who would get votes
Harrison Ford?
What is he?
I think that's anti-Semitic if you ask me
Harrison Ford is great!
Yeah, right?
Absolutely! I can't I just Larry King
Now how about Larry King, huh?
Uh-huh! That's reset the poll so I can re-vote
How could we have forgotten Larry King who's known all over the world
Do you know what I'm an Amsterdam and I'm sitting there watching the cable in my room which is really pressing
Because when I had the apartment I used to have two satellite dishes and actually I could watch some really interesting stuff
But when you only got the cable you got CNN, BVC
You got a few Dutch channels that have old English shows with the Dutch subtitles but the English audio
And then you got National Geographic comes on there so if you want to watch animals eating other animals
You can watch that for a while but then you kind of like start losing your appetite
Which is good enough to them because the food sucks
Don't go there
Larry King and Sherr I think Sherr certainly observes a little shy man
Don't you? Yeah, why not? Let's share the uh...
Faint
Share the love with Sherr
Oh and I'm so glad that I just caught out of the corner of my eye and see it in moments of go-to or in a break
A story that I had buried in my pile, guess what it's about
I give up
Fan! You know what the Fattest City is? You probably already saw it
No Fattest City in the US
Okay, let me take a couple of calls then we'll let you guess
It's not you and even New York
Okay, come into QAM
Yeah, sir
How about that acting culture?
He's pretty talented
Ashden Coochered
Yeah, I'm pretty glad to come
What do you say?
Have a good one
Bob, okay, Baba, Ashden Coochered
Coochie Coochie Cooch
I'm not really sure about him
You know what I mean? You follow what I'm saying?
No, what do you mean? I'm not really sure about him
567-0560, let's get him on there though, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Let's build a big list because the more names we got on there, George, I mean the more votes we're gonna get
Right, see? And if we can get to 600 by uh... 2 o'clock
327 right now
We'll probably have about 350 by noon, I think you got a shot at 600
And then of course tomorrow it will be a 700
We'll just keep up, opening anti every day, you know?
You'll bust out
Anti-neil, anti this, anti-Christ
That's me, W-D-Q-I-N
Hey Neil, I got a couple for your poll
Okay, in fact maybe the number tomorrow the threshold will be 666, yes sir
Actually there's three of them, I don't know, I had 680, I don't think they mentioned yet
Yes?
Sandra Bullock
The girl, you know Sandra Bullock, Sandra Bullock
Who are the women? Who was the second one, oh canna Reeves right?
Patrick Sway, Sandra Bullock, those are the three that I have
2 out of 3 in bed, thanks a lot, Tyler, go ahead, don't go ahead, don't go ahead, don't go ahead
You can hang up on me so quick, one thing
I'm not hanging up on you, my finger is in a different place
The thing is, you know I've been listening for years and years and years and years
And the one thing I cannot stand is that what people call up, the first thing they ask you is how you're doing
People would just stop asking you how you're doing
Not only that, what will happen is they'll say how you're doing and I'll say okay and they'll say is this Neil?
I'll say oh how you doing, you know like, and I'll say the distance well as I was doing 2 seconds ago when you asked me the first time you asked so
Exactly and it's wasted about, it's wasted at least 2600 hours of my listening time for their stupidity
But one other thing I just want to say, my pet went in at MVP and came out of those days of pet
That's it
Okay, and how are you doing?
What did he say?
I had all this hope and you could say his pet went in at MVP and came out of those valuable pet
Okay, he was doing so good until then too, you know
Good list to all of Sandra Bullock I take exception of that, I like her
I like her too
She can be a little bit too cutesy at times, I do understand that but I think that guy would probably, he grabbed her in a second if he could
I could beat him to her
Right, now she's cute
But sometimes she's a little bit too cutesy depending on the role she's got
She was very good in that movie with Ben Affleck, she was good in that, what was that movie?
Forces of Nature
No, that wasn't it
Forces of Nature was at the end of it really?
I was going with Ben and I never saw it
With Ben Affleck?
Anyway, she's cute
Canna Reeves and Patrick Swaisy, I would have agreed, especially Patrick Swaisy
Was it dirty dancing or footloose?
Dirty dancing
Footloose was Kevin Bacon
Who was in that little field?
She always gets those cute confused, I like Kevin Bacon, he's good
Yes he is
And he used to be on batting light
By the way, speaking of batting light, I'm sorry I can't follow that anymore, it's getting a little bit too esoteric for me
And passions man, passions isn't going anywhere
It isn't going anywhere between Eve and Julian and Julian and Eve and nothing's happening
Aren't you getting a little bit burned out on it?
Oh yeah
Although Sheridan still looks pretty good, you still have to see Sheridan
I saw her
And she thought I'll take her
Okay, well you ought to be a little more excited about her than that, she's extra hot
She's, she makes grit, look, she makes grit, it looks like Oprah, okay, now I'm serious
Sheridan to me, whatever the, I don't know what her name is, the actress, the place around passions
But she's just, I mean, if you like, built a woman
Yeah
You know what I'm saying?
I keep trying
All of the parts, now I'm not talking about dressing up
You're a good friend PR Ralph says, oh yeah, when's the draft party?
It's in April Ralph
He says, I hope you have an excellent year in supplies with great entertainment like always
Well guess what Ralph, the price is right
He says, here's one for your list, Howard Davis Morning Host
Well first of all, he's not a major celebrity number one
And secondly, that's a cute name, Howard Davis
It says, don't mention that all offense definitely under any circumstances, big blue, Michigan
Or Rose Bowl in the same sense because Mad Dog will be upset
Yeah, Michigan got their clock clean too, pretty bad, who beat them up Josh?
USC
That's right, it was USC, it was the Rose Bowl, oh man, I watched a lot of that game
Because I sure liked that USC quarterback
But man, oh man, did they get their asses kicked or what?
I loved it
I'd be pretty embarrassed, mad dog, having my team get their asses kicked like that
Although Michigan State got beaten some of me in this game
But we don't get all bent out of shape about it like Michigan
But Michigan's like a religion
And as far as the offense is going, how's their playoff season?
What are their playoff pictures shaping up ass?
Anyway, fantasy in America, guess what?
Chicago
I'll keep going, what is it?
Chicago
No, they don't live long enough to get fans Chicago, they keep getting murdered
Oh, here?
Oh, by the way, I had the official total we discussed it on Friday
Chicago had the highest number of murders last year in the US, 599
Toronto had 65
I got the, it was in the yesterday's newspapers here, 65
And again, the one guy's trying to say Chicago was twice the population, the metro area
Not quite like 9 million to 5 million, but almost twice
Okay, so you double 65, you got 130 compared to 599
Got it?
Got it
So Chicago's got the most murders but not the most fat people
Okay, guess again
West Pole Beach
Come on, get serious
Good city, Miami
No
Okay, we'll continue
No, we'll just keep going on it until you guess it
And don't be looking it up
Don't be checking it out, don't be cheating on it
The most overrated major celebrity of all time is Oprah so far, she's got 99 that big tub of crap
Got a billion dollars and never, and she's got the, oh man, I'm jealous
Not just the money part, sure I'd like to have the money
But the influence, the power that she has over those simple and women
She makes, she puts rush to shame, you know what?
Oh yeah
I mean, he's got the ditto heads and now listen, oh whatever you say rush, love that don't, you know
But she, if she says fart, they bend over, man
You can smell it all over the country
Oh there's that asshole with the kid
Well here from the pocket, I'll go
Yeah, drop the little oops, there it goes
Maybe he's just trying to get rid of it
Maybe it wasn't unwanted baby George, everything of that?
Mmm, yeah, we have a good one
A little, little, little, little, little, little, little brackets though, no crocs and that, no alligators
Oprah Winfrey 99, Barbara Streisand, Cross-eyed Bitch, with a big mouth, 52
James Dean, 36, I like that a lot
I'm ecstatic, I never thought you'd do that well
Seeing that cruise 34, she's right on James Dean's ass, and he's probably like an ad
Dr. Filmer, because she's got a big strap on
Dr. Filmer, 25, Dick Clark, 19
How do you like that? They've turned on Dick
Frank Sinatra, 16, Jim Curie, 12, Jerry Lewis, his type with Elvis Presley, 10
Johnny Carson, 8, Jerry Seinfeld, 7
Neil Diamond, 3, Wayne Newton, 3? Oh, oh, see there are probably a lot of people like us
Wish we could change our vote
John Wayne, 3, Andy Kaufman, 2, Woody Allen, 2
Larry King has got a pair
Dan Radher, 1, Bill Cosby, 1, Gloria Stephons, got 1, Ashton Kuchers, got 1
and no votes yet for Mick Jagger, Ben Stiller, Ray Romano, Will Smith,
Jamie Lee Curtis, Cher, Slice the Loan, Patrick Slesey,
Cano Reeves or Sandra Bullock, got a 349
It's just about noon and we got 349 votes, what's your retake?
We'll do it, we'll do the 600? Yes
Hey, here's a great idea for
Instead of standing in the kitchen, getting all worked up over a hot stove
One out of their friends at the Emerald Coast, the world's number one Asian buffet restaurant
Do all the cooking for you, start out your mouth watering eating experience with any one or two or three or all six different kind of great soups
And then sample dozens of succulent on phrase like New York strip made of order in the sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood saying Jacques
Enjoy oysters on a half shell every night
And if that's not enough, try the Alaskan Stone crab, middle-led clams, jumbo shrimp scampi
And now for the first time, steamed main lobster on the weekends at the Emerald Coast
If you still have room for the hand-carred prime rib in the new Thai specialties
The Emerald Coast, don't forget, will never give you a headache because they don't use any crap in their cooking
They cook only with cholesterol free oils, no MSG, no cornstarch, only the best ingredients go in anywhere
The buffet features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar, fresh room cocktail, and because they figure if you've got a big, big
Puprik like a lot of people that come in there, you might have room for dessert left over too
So they feature a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit
By the way, speaking of ice cream, I'm hooked on it at the Ben and Jerry's coffee topic crunch
You're gonna die
Remember that the Schwarzer guy that called me in that one day a couple months ago?
He was right, you were right pal, it's a disease man, coffee, coffee, crunch, Ben and Jerry's
Anyway, three Emerald Coast locations for you, they're in sunrise, pine island or 44th street
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of prestigious 163rd street in North Miami Beach
And you'll find them at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads in Pemberg Pines
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now and let our friends at the Emerald Coast do all the cooking for you
Take out an delivery available to call 954-572-3822
954-572-3822 for the original, the best in the university, Emerald Coast, Chinese buffet
Five at the local, this is five cities, three years old yours, two in
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Undershuttered the fish of my, come on in, I'm the afraid of it, I'm the afraid of it
If you don't like the way you look and change it, change it
If you don't like where your stuff is, where you range it
We range it
We'll fix your scars, we'll tie your tubes, we'll give you Pam and this in boops
And find a change we can't do to make a friend you, you not your boop your boop
Hey, I've been holiday's early there, I'm Dr. Longing, look a boop
And I am a pretty good, not real bad, plastic surgeon
There's nothing I can't do for you, I can stay full, I can do
I can dump, I can pour, I'm the best guy you'll ever see
Plus, I'm running an holiday special, don't come in and let me know where you're at
Orbiting, does not change the schedule to take a friend you see you, that's your boop
Come on and save me, Dr. Longing, look a boop
Let me introduce you to one of my happy clients, say hello, Bobby
Say hello, Bobby
Oh, that's right, we did a little job reconstruction on Bobby, how's it going?
You look a little thin, can you open it all?
Can you open it all? Not at all, that's perfect!
You look great, oh no, there's no problem, you're a fool
You're welcome, happy holidays
Yes, you're painful and it hurts like hell when you come to your gun
Screaming yell, but whatever you do, don't try to do Dr. Boop
Good news, next year I'm getting a license
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
here. Here. Here. Try. The Word, the Word, theotte, the Word, the Word, the Word, the Word, the Word, the Word scheme, he's got great. he's got great
like me you don't remember like uh... who's somebody like ancient
root off Valentino
i know something that's exactly what was thinking of
oh my god we've been working together to long
that's exactly what was thinking of that queen uh... who married all those
bulldogs pull a neck of it all was a
what a coincidence every day a woman he married was a guy that was just a
coincidence yeah
but anyway Valentino although did you ever see any of his movies sure the other
one the machine one yeah that's not right
i saw that the uh... what the hell's the place of the eastern house and
rickerson really happy a movie thing huh the beach you max
no no no well whatever the hell it is
uh... so that is it is going of course it's hard to tell if somebody's a great
actor would like some movies that's no right that's not speaking right
but nobody would know from him now anyway so we're not going to put them on
but it's got to be somebody ancient like who is very highly overrated like um...
but the problem is that most of the actors and actresses from those days
uh... were great right most
like bell on a go see
that's right
has martin land out doing he still under the literally talking about
car chainy freaking
launch any was great launch any junior was great little on the harry side but he
was good nevertheless
uh... shy lock homes
with those his name
was it night or something no nice a Bruce played doctor watch over that
razzle bathboon i used to calm
that's a wrathful was a great actor is not a good movie but they were all great
actors and actresses now you got so much crap
yeah personally the TV people like opera
the most overrated major celebrity of all time opus kick an ass man that big fat
disgusting bitch is got one oh six
barber strison fifty seven a solid second james dean thirty seven c to cruises
crawl up on jimmy's ass with thirty six
dr. Phil twenty nine to clerk twenty
synopsis sixteen jim carry twelve elvis eleven elvis is clever to do it
Lewis is got ten
everybody else in single digits
okay next guess is on the fantasy in america
Seattle
now
keep going
lost biggest
i'll give you a clue of dark people there
detroit
alright
now that must just be a coincidence huh
what do they call it low-town
because more was once there absolutely a ball game
the back to ball game
a lot of dark folks played in that game too
uh... this city
judge the nation's fatties for the past three years is starting to look
thinner he was in texas
but only when it's measured against the truth in second
uh... men's fitness magazine in February issue uh... do out this month
there's got the twenty five and i see they don't have the whole list that's what
this is me off and i tried to find out i couldn't find the whole i guess i
could buy the stupid magazine
and of course if you buy men's fitness magazine you know what that means don't
should
your gay
uh...
the skills to be twice way because of a jump in tv viewing a worsening commute
time and a scarcity of gyms the magazine said i guess they're leaving out the
fried chicken factor
Houston officials were pleased although the six annual survey made it clear
they could still lose to stand more than just a few pounds
we were ecstatic not to be the fastest to sit a fantasy against the leela brada
a former mister universe was named Houston's fitness czar
their first ever in two thousand two
told me the threats designation mere kawami killed Patrick venture explanation
r city is the automotive capital of the world he told tv station w x y z
the culture here is you walk out of your house
you get in your car you think of us and you go where you're going now how
different is that from south florida not again right you walk out of your house
you get in your car and you take a bus or go where you're going the difference
being a course in south florida is that you've got the beaches
and you've got people who actually play golf a little bit maybe a little bit
tennis you got the people swim things like that
even though we do have enormous numbers of tubby fat pieces of crap like me
and the beast and many others kill Patrick a former colleague a college offensive
lineman with about three hundred pounds on a six four frames that he lead by
example to encourage the trade residents to lose weight he plans to run a
marathon in a coming year let's see here the other at top ten
Dallas San Antonio Fort Worth Arlington Chicago
Philadelphia Cleveland and Columbus Texas has like five of them yeah fat
they're fat there let's see one Houston Dallas three four yeah five
five at a top ten or a Texas nice grouping
mm-hmm or maybe they're eating too much of that Texas meat you know the
Texan fair Tex Max yeah on a separate let's of course keep in mind now who's in
the Texas Boaters the Bush family and the Bush family and the
Beans anything with the B one of the actually anymore
Yahoo's now separate list ranking the fittest cities get it only has number
one guess was number you'll never guess
New York let me give you a clue a lot huh oh really Honolulu who won Honolulu
number one in fitness oh yeah I guess they weren't counting those big what
do they call the um the Japanese like the samurai guys the the sumo
wrestlers yeah because there's a lot of people like that in Hawaii too
but they're I mean they're the small exception but there are many of those kind of
like really what are they the Polynesian people right
all up exactly but the other people they're boy the beaches in Hawaii are just
oh that beaches there the beaches that are most beautiful
I guess they didn't count seeded crews when they were taking the effect Miami
five six seven oh five sixty because she not only couldn't sing she not only had
a guerrilla face but boy was she a cow huh she wasn't always from those
pictures I used to get beat with yeah she wasn't always a fat cow right
she was slim in term in fact maybe she wasn't fat at all maybe it was just that
dress she was wearing
okay we'll take your word for it sweetheart
pat Robertson says God tells me it's bush and a blowout oh yeah
pat Robertson said Friday that God told him President Bush will be
reelected in a landslide Jesus Christ
in fact there's no what somebody we love said praise Bush like Jesus right I
think George Bush is gonna win in a walk the religious broadcaster said on
the 700 Club Program on the Virginia Beach Base Christian Broadcasting Network
which he founded I really believe I'm hearing from the Lord it's gonna be like a
blowout election in 2004 it's shaping up that way he would
the Lord has just blessed him Robertson said of Bush I mean he could make
terrible mistakes and come out of it it doesn't make any difference what he
does good or bad God picks him up because he's a man of prayer and God's
blessing him that's right as a matter of fact since God's going to elect him
none of the Republicans need to show up to vote this time that's right and all
you white males out there do our Bush people out there guess what we're
gonna keep you home on in fact why don't we get everybody laid on election day
huh that's all right huh okay sounds like a good idea we'll find a bunch of
sluts we get a bunch of cheerleaders and we'll send them around all over the
place because Florida's supposedly gonna be a pivotal state again we got
that on our website today by the way speaking of our website for those of you
who are like looking your wounds because I'm not sitting here
weeding just pontificating hour after hour and I'm not gonna do that anymore
I mean you know some stuff I'll read but just not like it was before too much
but all the good stories continue to be on our website as we work
feverishly along with Eric to keep you you know those people are
caring off the center very best to take a look at what's going on right
which is the unfortunately the tiny minority of the people
let me give an example on an average day if we have let's say let's pick a
number 20 bedtime stories on our website okay and we have 10,000
requests for pages assuming I understand how that works and I'm still
on so sure I do that means that they're assuming that all those people
would go there would read all 20 stories which I'm sure they might
that means that 500 people are looking at it see what I'm saying I say in
other words on the same day we might have 160 200,000 hits but those people aren't
interested in that and and then those things
follow I follow so does it make sense for me to do the show
gearing it to those 500 people are interested in like no at light bulb radio
of course not and I'm not not going to those people because I appreciate the
fact that they look at what I mean it takes a lot of time to put that stuff
together right right how many seconds
about good man it takes a while that does scour all of those different
wetter try to find and pick and choose the stuff that you think really
thinking people ought to be taking a puke at and stay awake while you're doing it
right 405 votes George 405
they can do it I think you got a shot you got two hours for another 195 vote
the most overrated major celebrity of all time nobody's gonna touch
Oprah she's got a hundred and ten
we're supporting you 560
QAM
missile
toward a place we know
and aim are mad at fella
who's first name begins with oh there's one thing we all understand
alkae don't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
absolutely we could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops
but special forces are so tired of jumping through them blues
you probably need another plane
so let's cut out all the nonsense and blow blow up Pakistan
and
alkae don't need to nuclear
tank
why don't we stop pussy food and blow up Pakistan
amen too much pussy foot man
how the reason i play that you were aware because i thought of the story before the show
i don't want to read too much of it it's on our website today from rogue nuclear programs web
of trails leads to Pakistan the Pakistani leaders who denied for this new york times
who denied for years that scientists at the country's secret a Q-con research laboratories
were peddling advanced nuclear technology must have been averting their eyes from a most
conspicuous piece of evidence the laboratories own sales brochure quietly circulated to aspiring
nuclear weapons states and a network of nuclear middlemen around the world
the cover bears an official looking seal that says government of Pakistan and a photo of the
father of the Pakistani bomb Abdul Qadir Khan it promotes components that were spinoff from
Pakistan three decade long project to build a nuclear stockpile of emergency uranium
sit in a drawing that bears a striking resemblance to a mushroom cloud
oh in other nations such sales would be strictly controlled but Pakistan is always played by its
own rules as investigators unraveled the mysteries of north korean Iranian and other
libyan nuclear projects Pakistan and those that empowered with knowledge and technology they're
now selling on their own has emerged as the intellectual and trading hub of a loose network
of hidden nuclear proliferators how do you like that you read the whole story on our website
new rogers dot com we know all along yeah so like i said let's blow up Pakistan let's get
them before they get us quick ticking around with like uh you know horse and buggy countries like
Iraq yeah but they're in our pocket like they were firing off them RPGs from donkey carts
they were i know man no wait a minute are you looking at the CNN no that yeah oh there is it
it's a mark that no no that's not a picture though isn't that just a uh that's just a uh yes a
simulation a back that painting right because i thought for just a second here that um
oh from Mars like Kermit the frog that's just my myles obrian was sitting there on Mars which
would be a good place for any minute we're going to be seeing the first pictures from Mars and man
Ray Wallston and Bill Bixby are going to be sitting up there in lawn chair son of themselves
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
wqam hello hello yes sir i i had a question is this or it's no it's Neil
Neil but you can speak to George if you want to no actually i had a question about the website
i read a couple of articles that were really interesting and this was on
Saturday and then i went back to get the read him again so i could send him to a relative
right you guys put all new articles up there you know you can go to the archives
features i look for a link for that is that on the website where it says features
right just click on where it says features and you can scroll back and go to um you pick the date
excellent okay thank you very much okay thank you bye bye see you see there's a guy like i just said
there are people who read the stuff that we got on a website there's some pretty interesting
guy damn stuff on here with people uh you got an IQ larger than their thumbnail who don't have time
like hours and hours all day to sit and scour all over the internet you know to see what
else going on especially people who happen to agree with our point of view if you catch my drip
see what i'm saying oh yeah with our kame pico all for a leftist point of view that we don't like
fascism too much and we don't like this cry to nazis that we got run in the USA today oh don't say
that okay i didn't say it i was just thinking it hundred and thirteen man that opera is off she's
done she's she's gone the most overrated major celebrity of all time barmer stri-sand 59 cedar
crews has passed James Dean like he was lying down i bet you he'll be singing a different tune
pretty soon too uh over again it's 241 James Dean 38 dr. Phil 31 he's zoomin up that list
Dick Clarks got 20 so not for 16 i'll just give you the double digits Jim kary 12 jerry Lewis 11
hey lady uh and uh lyric kings got 10 oh Elvis just popped in there two with a dozen the
dirty doesn't how can they be picking on poor Elvis it's easy you don't like him
no I mean I understand his talent he was a performer and he innovated all of
this but right I didn't like any of his songs not one not one not how
dog no not heartbreak hotel not jailhouse rock not I want you I need you I hate
you not even in the ghetto oh I hated that and his mama cry you you're gonna
start where's my Elvis and during the break I'm gonna eat my
Elvis I am you're gonna dig him up I'm gonna dig I if I could get dug up don't
we have that in here yeah we do yeah all shook up that was a crappy song
I will bless my soul in fact now that you mentioned it I don't think I like to
end this I bought them all as a kid yeah because when I was a kid you had
about all the Elvis songs but I really can't say that I liked any of them
that's bad kind of corner there must oh you know I'll tell you one all right
I'll tell you an Elvis song that I actually liked if I can find the damn thing
here it is you know what that turned to send it not that it all right right
yeah return to sender that's a good karaoke song yeah it was pretty good and
fact duck probably singing it in his office right now he's got to do something
560 560 is line 150 yet no come on duck get off your duck god damn it get
whether you and clearance a million here I do and each other is all they're
doing I obviously we're joking about this stuff get off your duck yeah and do
it WQM hello yes sir that's it okay Scott good luck in Chicago man 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line so the Humper is out sick
today it's not a good way to start the new year Hank he's got a scratchy throat
he's going to the doctor again I sure hope he doesn't stop for lunch before the
doctor you know no seriously I'm gonna get it's in your hands you're you're
gonna have to be strained him for yeah well somebody's got to handle him
somebody's got to put somebody has to put a leash on the Humper man on the
load before he explodes you don't stand let me tell you about my mother and
what a pain in the ass you know I don't want to get into I'm in too bit of a
move that he called me not once but twice yesterday about Norma Kent and her
will okay every day she's living on borrowed time and she has to have that
copy of what's by the way Norma I know you're in confident and smoking a lot of
bad weed but don't be sending stuff to her in Halendale she lives in Hollywood
would you want to know because you were there you jackass this is my agent
everybody in this business is syndicated there are people that can't even speak
they're on 200 radio stations here I am on QAM with Greg Reed and a bunch of
losers man I'm not talking about the people on the year by the way see he's
picking on her only one absolutely but I'm just saying generally speaking the
management the crew you have to say anything five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQA and hello pretty good
I have two for you list um British spirits and Dennis Miller Dennis Miller is a
magnificent choice and Britney Spears that couldn't sing a word of a paper
sack all right I'm thank you we'll put Britney on air even or it'll piss off
some people right well let's see the question is the most overrated major
celebrity right well I guess you have to look at the whole package you know what
I'm saying I would love to her saying is overrated her saying she can't sing
for Schmidt the rest of it is a good game keep it keep in mind that most of her
acted it's like Enrique you could put Enrique Glacier on here but that
wouldn't be fair because he looks good you know he emotes he shows a lot of
flesh he squeezes it he swings it even on it much he pokes them all right he
posted a little bit five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
in Verizon wireless line are we gonna make six hundred or not that's the
pressure on George today we got look at what we got we got four four four we
tripped turned the thirds in a way home four four four boy we tend to get
triple numbers like that it sends a chill up to back of my neck man either
that or maybe I'm thinking about lunch and I better not be thinking about it's
one ninety five how could I gain four pounds over the weekend you think it
was the Ben and Jerry's a binging because you came back from Amsterdam and there
was no good food over there I want I want but I wasn't binging all the way did
have my Sunday brunch yesterday morning I did have a pint of Ben and Jerry's
coffee coffee crunch have you ever had that I've had toffee no no but have you
ever had that flavor I speak French I don't know don't oh you put it in a
microwave for like seventy seven seconds and it just it just I'm writing this
down and it just melts down to consistency that is so creamy and so smooth and
it's got big chunks of toffee all the way through it and it is so goddamn good
I'm gonna sew Ben and Jerry's I'm suing their ass WQA am hello speaking yes
I'm great let's go and I'd like to add Howard stir okay I'm sure you're
overrated I want to change my vote I was gonna say Georgia's squeezing himself here
and you say that thanks thanks a lot pal I have it right here five six seven what
we haven't said so far we had a couple of other people said since it is two
thousand and four and we need to say a lot more I haven't said that yet but
now I guess we did that's that's his ex-nabre that calls every day yeah crazy
person day-freedman even though he denies that it's him we know it's you Dave just
like I think that guy that with a George tapes I think that's your buddy Teddy
but swana no he would never are you know him no he's come to an appearance he's
a normal oh I bet that he has he's normal as far as that goes you know one
normal that is in those taxes and says that he wants to do you and he wants to
crawl inside your body and check out your inner is it while I doesn't have an eye
in the middle of his head bathed hair combed normal person you know then how
come he comes to our appearance I brought dandruff you know yeah I do know I
had eyebrow dandruff myself I do occasionally you never had eyebrow dandruff
uh nope but for one strange reason it's only on my right eyebrow but I do I get
rid of it before I go out in public oh good I do I get a special comb for that I
shmur a little bit yeah comb my eyebrow I gotta have something to comb 27 past
noon at 560 wqm hey listen I want to tell you right now big night at
Pompooh Park tonight baby write it down on your arm like in memento and don't
miss it tonight Monday January the five it's free spaghetti dinner night at
Pompooh Park let me say again free spaghetti go in here and manja manja no
better deal on all of South Florida all you have to do is buy a Pompooh Park
program for tonight and you'll get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at
the fourth floor players room didn't include rolls and butter salad a heaping
plate of pasta and Mirana Mara sauce that you can't be with this day don't
stay all the silverware by the way they don't mind if you show up from win more
and all this other place what's the other place in the Pompooh
cemetery village no no there's no win more and one other one and they don't
mind if you show up for your free food but just don't steal the silverware or
the tray just a half mile from both on 95 in the Florida turn tight Pompooh Park
is easy to get to invest of all Pompooh Park features free admission and free
general parking every single day live harness racing in the poker room now
open five nights a week every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday poker
starts at noon and of course that goes on the midnight and live racing gets
underway nightly include tonight at 7.05 in the p.m. every Monday night like
tonight there's a two for twenty five dollar dinner special in the top of
the park restaurant on the sixth floor every Wednesday at the track is
dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more and every Thursday is
ladies night for two two for one drink special just for the ladies also every
night at the fourth floor players room there's a 7.95 pleated dinner special
Pompooh Park also opened for simul casting every day seven days and nights
a week starting at noon with harness throwbred high-light action from all
across North America don't forget the free spaghetti dinner is waiting for us
a high-to-dick fineberg and steve all tonight at pompo park a block south of
Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the current racing schedule call 9.5.4.972.2000 or check them on the
worldwide web at pompopark.com
all
These are a couple of funny facts that you sent me now.
1233 at 560, W.C.
We got the mad dog back at two.
Bow, Kim Bo-Kamper for Hank at Chula's at 4 to 7
because the Humper is up source.
He's got a scratchy throat, he's at the doctor again.
Pratt loses an answer to.
Come on, Hank, you can do it.
Here's the first fact.
This is, and of course you notice it's university pharmacy.
Who always are sending us these same malcontent,
always bitching and moaning and just turn it off already, okay?
And this go away.
Fake facts, of course.
Of course, because it's just sincerely a listener
that has stopped listening.
Right.
Now, if you look at the word, if you look at the word listener,
misspelled by the way, but if you look at the word listener,
you see the writing is that this is just a chronic
facts from university pharmacy, by the way,
wherever that light is, listener.
I'm pleased to see you are not bush-passing.
If you've nothing good to say about bush-better,
you not say anything at all.
I would think of Corvette lover as yourself
would know the new Corvette is sixth generation,
not five.
Did not say fifth or sixth, who the hell know
is what they're doing to make.
And James Dean was great and he drove porches.
Well, that's one of the reasons he wasn't great.
And he died while racing his Porsche.
Get your facts straight and quit ruining our country.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
A list there that has stopped listening.
But he's surged, glad to see,
well, don't get your hopes up.
Remember they tried that a couple of years ago?
Oh, well, Neil, there's so many people
disagree with you politically.
If you just have a good time and just screw around,
we'd like you so much better than what they're trying to do
is they can't do it the other way by intimidation.
So they can't get me fired even though they tried
their damnedest with the condolizant, all that crap.
But no, so the next deal is, oh, we'd like you so much better
and everybody will listen to you and mark it down
in their diaries as long as you stop bashing our present
and is banned of Mary Nazis in Washington.
Then it never gonna happen on a show.
Ever.
Bill, not gonna happen on this show.
Not for next three years anyway.
I mean, when you get your show.
Yeah, then you can come up and get fired and bash bush.
Bad and talking about bush.
Here's another one that says, hello, unhappy new year.
I'm writing a response to what you said
about the men's health magazines saying that Texas has five
cities that are rated the fattest in the nation.
Being a native Texan, I can vouch for this.
However, you said that Texans are a bunch of Yahoo's
and that's why we're so fat.
You go on to say just look at our president.
I don't think that's what I said, is it?
In terms of being fat, he's not fat.
He's just a fat head.
As for Texans being a bunch of Yahoo's,
that's not so for all Texans.
Some Texans are actually aware of the world.
I imagine probably some to say all Texans are Yahoo's.
Might as well say that all people in South Florida
are South Florida Yahoo's as well.
And I would say, except for maybe a few.
So handful.
As for our president being from Texas,
that's not so. He's from Maine.
Well, because he was born from Maine
and he was a bunking it up in there for a while,
that's not the point.
He's been in Texas for a long, long time,
about 30 men, including governor twice.
And former owner of the Texas Rangers
who traded away, what's his name?
Who did trade away?
Draskin, me?
Lewa, Sandy Sosa.
Unfortunately, claims Texas as his home in Cincinnati does,
please don't blame all Texans for that.
Love your show, we'll continue to listen
with a little happy face.
Well, thank you so much.
I guess five, six, seven, oh five,
six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T
in Verizon wireless line.
How are we doing on that total, man?
How's those peaches totals?
We got 476.
We need 600 votes by two o'clock
or George does all the rest of the week shows.
In fact, if we don't get 600 votes by two o'clock,
George is doing January and just played bits.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five,
six, the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WDQA, hello.
Yes, I have a couple for you, Liz, although it's probably too late.
Because I'm too late, I'm Joe.
Never too late.
Arnold.
Okay.
Ellen DeGeneres.
Right.
And Ellen Fun.
Ellen Fun from Candid Camel?
That's my, that's my opinion, I feel like that.
Okay.
I didn't think he was rated much less over rated.
Now, Ellen Fun, he's been dead for a hundred years,
but not on pretty much.
The other two are good.
Arnold and Ellen DeGeneres.
But that's his opinion, Goddamn it.
Who'd Ellen Mine to be dicking around with his opinion, right?
Right.
Just like somebody we know and can't stand since.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Yeah, well good for you, Disney.
Have another drink.
Piece of crap.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, Marla's line.
Keep cranking out those hits, Mike.
Keep cranking them off, baby.
Keep jamming it.
Man, just to have one of those FM stations,
that Cox and Cheap Channel are butchering in that town,
just to have one of them for a year.
Can you imagine, forget about even being syndicated,
just be it on an FM station
where there are living and breathing people listening?
Oh, you missed it while you were on vacation.
What was that?
We're broadcasting an HD digital now.
Yeah.
And how many HD digital radios are there in you?
In the world.
3rd man.
We have one.
Who has one?
The station.
And who's got it?
I think in the engineering day, they share it.
Well, good, maybe back there listening to me
in digital HD, whatever it is, they pass it around.
As opposed to working on a fixing line,
one on the phone and getting the place working again.
What a bunch of WQAM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, yes it is speaking.
Neil?
Yes.
Hi.
I am a lady from North Miami Beach.
Excellent.
I wanted to know, first can I add to your list,
Billy Bob Dorton.
Billy Bob Dorton.
Please.
OK.
And the other thing, I don't know if you saw the article
about the woman here who is in court
because she bit her child and then shook the baby to death.
Yeah, I did see that.
Yeah, I did see her.
And it was a bitch.
I mean, these people shouldn't be having children.
They should have been fixed a long time ago.
I mean, I have two children and they get on my nerves,
but I would pull my hair out first before I would harm them.
Well, that goes back to what I've been preaching for years,
fourth sterilization.
Yeah.
And you and I can pick who the victims are going to be.
I have a great year.
Thanks, you too.
Bye.
Thanks, bye-bye.
You know those, in the hardware store,
they got those machines that shake the paint for you.
And I got one of those.
That's what I use on my kid.
You mean the kid that you didn't want?
That's right.
You didn't work those machines.
No, she's still a good friend of mine.
Well, maybe you should have put something else in that machine, OK?
I might not have had the kid.
20-till-one at 560 WQM at this time of the year
if you have company in your house now, why would you
still have company in your house?
See, this is another bonus piece of copy.
Oh, seriously, that's what it says here.
I know.
Or if you're just in South Florida for the winter,
you need a new mattress.
That's more likely.
Pick up the phone right now and call the delivery experts
at 1-800-Matrus and tell them that Jeff
Highs an asshole when you call by the way.
They'll know that, but reaffirm it.
That's the number for dollar mattress.
They know that nothing can improve your daily health,
well-being and productivity better than a great night's sleep.
In other words, it makes you feel great.
Kick off the new year, right?
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2004
by calling dollar mattress toll-free 1-800-Matrus.
Celebrate the new year in comfort
with a new mattress and dollar mattress.
Pick up the phone and call them right now.
Dollar mattress is proud of added
Stearns and Foster Hewitt to their already strong
championship lineup.
Stearns and Foster is the finest mattress made in America.
And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight
by making that one easy call to 1-800-Matrus.
And of course, dollar mattress also
carries the complete line of Celi,
Certa, Simmons, King Corlan, Tempor, Petic 2.
Choose from dozens of models
at low, unbeatable, everyday discount prices.
And keep in mind only dollar mattress
lets you choose that too hard to live every window
that meets your schedule any day,
seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM.
You pick the time like noon to 2-1-3
and they show up with low prices.
Same day delivery, free set up and mobile.
It's easy to see our dollar mattress
is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
So do what I've been doing for years
and everybody else at QM's doing now.
Call 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-MATTRES
or online findabandmacrus.com.
Dollar mattress, the easy to smart way
to get you a great night's sleep.
Ride in local,
here sports radio 560-UAM.
For the talking.
American girls.
And American guys who only listen
to the message from the Uber ride
will have their table talks lined
as the troops from home did.
They find the comfort of the night
riding under the bed.
I never served in armate.
I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the TV
far from liberal thighs.
Under the covers you'll discover
I'm a big fishy.
Who would prefer to have some mother
do the fighting for me?
Now this country I love is occupying
Iraq and all the suckers like me
whose necks are red in the back
have our tongues all pleased firmly.
In bush's pink brown eye
the pigmouth towers of the world
who gladly follow fly.
Hey, Uncle Sam, I feel afraid
to fight or enlist,
but you can count on me to watch TV
and shake my fist and my flag will fly
from the back of my truck.
I can idiotic pseudo patriotic
dumb **** in my view of the bull ride world
is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior
who knows better than you.
I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots
anything they say.
Don't have to read or research.
It's so much easier this way.
If you watch TV or look at pictures
you wish it today
with my finger up my ass.
As I tickle my brain
and Uncle Sam, I'm too afraid
to fight or enlist,
but you can count on me to watch TV
and shake my fist as I lower my flag
so I can pull on my hood
to proudly show the swathe good
and cute on my nuts
the soddies are our best friends in the world
like those Iraqis or Jews.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior
who knows better than you.
I'm an armchair warrior
who knows better than you.
1246 at 560 WQM
I can just imagine the rattling of the spirit
all in any of Rogers he's going to lay off a bush
this year we're going to like just steal Florida
is if I'm going to have an impact.
Then it's going to happen.
Yeah, they're yanking it.
Same old crap, you know,
it's just one more way to try to silence anybody
who doesn't agree.
You know, this doesn't want to go step along.
It's bullcrab.
They wouldn't pay anybody off with that.
How about the people at Arbitron
starting to be suspicious of them?
What kind of a sample do they find in November, huh?
Are they a company?
What do you mean by that?
Like a big company, a company that stands to gain something
from something?
Yes.
Or speaking of assholes,
Pete Rose admits he bit on baseball
and the team he managed.
Now listen, this is the beginning of the show.
I'm so sick and tired of Pete Rose
if I never hear his name again,
it'll be because of Rose by any other name
that would stink the same.
Great player.
Great.
Stick them in there.
Get it over with already, you know?
Talk about fun for the people, mind it.
Something that people have.
Nothing else.
People who have nothing else going on in their lives.
This is the kind of crap they talk about.
So I'm, I'm carrying the story up.
It's on our website.
We had it on all weekend long.
Road is autobiography.
And after 14 years of lying about betting on baseball,
oh, I guess what I did.
But I always bet on my own team.
I never bet against the reds.
Well, great.
Congratulations and get lost.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that night.
He came to Pompato Park.
And of course, the stories I've heard from my friends about him coming to the
Thurabred tracks and putting on a similar display and making these wild $10,000 exact
amounts and never cashing one of them.
Never.
And his routine is he comes to the track always with some fallups.
He was a young babe.
And he he stacks up a bunch of hundred dollar bills on the table in front of him.
Nice.
Isn't that lovely?
Clathy.
Yeah, really, really classy.
Really, I'm so impressed, you know.
It's like saying, hey, look at me here.
I'm looking all this money.
Of course, it'll be gone by the end of the night.
But look at all this cash.
Man, just enough to make you puke.
And I never spoken of this man before in my life.
He's sitting right across from our table.
Fat Rich goes to make a bet for us.
And Pete Rose looks me in the eye.
And he says, you like anything in this race?
He's got the TV on looking at the cymbal casting from Mohawk or Woodbine here in Toronto.
And I said to him, I said, well, I said the four horse.
I said, whatever the hell was with Randy Wapel.
I said, he's my favorite driver in Toronto, man.
He's great.
And a horse wins and pays 22 bucks to be betted.
No.
Because then he would have cash.
See, I think there's something in his mind.
He doesn't really want to cash.
He wants to lose.
There are those.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
He wants to be a martyr.
It's the martyr complex.
And I'm not saying he's the only guy in the world that's got a gambling problem.
But he, the way he does it, just so ostentatious and grotesque and just, oh,
enough to make your skin crawl.
And so now, after all these years that he's been banned from baseball and banned from
being inducted into Hall of Fame, now let's reward him for lying about gambling on
baseball, now that we know the truth.
And now let's put him in there.
What do you say?
In fact, the Sun Sentinel took a poll on it.
And like, this morning, I think, I think like 63% said, yeah, he belongs in the Hall of Fame now.
Now that we know he's a liar, kind of like the president, the same thing.
Oh, speaking of the president, US starts fingerprint program.
They started that this morning.
You see the thing on CNN?
Yeah, pictures and prints.
Many, and I don't know why they don't do it for everybody.
That's what the guy was saying.
Why can't they do it for everybody so that those of us who are frequent travelers,
whether we have our US passport or Canadian passport, whatever you got,
so that you don't have to go through all the hassle all the time.
And then the regular, the frequent flyers, whatever the hell you, they want to call you,
you have a little, in fact, they're doing that in some places where they have the I ID.
Yeah, the evil eye.
No, no, seriously, where they, they, instead of fingerprinting, they, I print you.
I print you.
I print you.
Yeah, they stick it in your eye.
I'm serious, I'm a scant.
Yeah.
And they say that it's a foolproof.
Yeah, can't be beaten.
Because I mean, you can always, you know, file down your prints, I guess, or do something.
Even with identical twins, because your capillary pattern is unique.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, excuse me.
5 6 7 0 5 6 6.
So anyway, they started that this morning, the new government program demanding fingerprints
and photographs from people from 28 countries, mostly in Europe, who aren't required to carry a V,
but no, from the other countries beside those 28.
Mm-hmm.
See?
Oh, I, I get it.
Now, it says here, outside of Europe, the exempt countries include Japan, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, and Brunei,
citizens of Canada generally don't need a visa to enter the US.
And of course, if you're a US citizen coming in from out of the country, and you have your passport, though, then you don't need to go through that either.
I, I just just don't go through it once.
And then just whip on through there.
And they can tattoo your forehead.
Kind of just like an Amsterdam at Skippel Airport, just whip on through there, not paying any attention.
You can't complain about the security there, because there isn't any.
It's a pollen.
It's amazing, which it goes right in line with what I said about the Netherlands last week.
It's a good idea gone way too far.
It's one thing to give people freedoms.
It's another thing to carry it to, to an extreme.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lone.
QA&N, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just surfing the tube this weekend, I've seen a couple things that were caught my eye.
They're talking about replacing, chaining with condolesea for the ticket for 2000.
Oh, you got to be kidding condolesea?
Yeah, that's what they're saying.
They're saying that she's going to be, they're pulling them off the ticket, because of how it's burnt,
and they're putting condolese on there.
Oh, please, I would love that.
And the, the two bush daughters, the two bush daughters were on this celebrity baggrove.
They said that they, they drink you under the table, and then they leave you with the secret service, guys.
Good job, man.
Now, I got two for the poll.
I got a carrot top and Carson daily.
Carrot top.
How can we forget old carrot top, and the anxious, obnoxious Carson daily?
Good choices, pal.
All right, you have a good one.
You two, thank you.
Carrot top and Carson daily.
Got it.
In fact, I bet you'd Carson daily.
Boy, if that's true, what he just said.
Yeah.
About condolesea.
Wouldn't that be great?
Oh, man.
I think we got a shot.
I think we got a legitimate honest of goodness.
In fact, you remember you were saying you tired of them or somebody said to call on Howard Dean, Dr. Dean?
Somebody.
How about President Dean?
There's a much better ring to it, huh?
Sounds good to me.
Look, President Dean.
There's a little preview of, in fact, we're playing the original one at one o'clock.
Hey.
After the long-dishy-m chain?
Well, dust out the lunch.
We could play it over and over again.
I think so. That's a good idea.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and for rise in line, we need 600 votes by two o'clock.
Or George is going to have a really heavy duty week that he's not prepared for.
520 votes, you think we'll make 600?
Yes.
I think we ought to stick with my original 700.
No.
Come on!
Be a good sport.
Get on with you.
No.
600.
Okay. Don't want to change it in the mystery.
Not a Marlowe go for 700.
You bet.
Or no, a Marlowe go for 666.
Oh, there you go.
Right?
And whoever is the 666 vote on a Marlowe's pool, get the million dollars in cash from Greg Reed.
Not.
Huh?
Not.
It sounds good.
I can't see the beesling.
Now, isn't that interesting how on hot 105, not hot 105?
Whatever our same thing, power 96.
Yeah.
That they buy the audience with cash.
Sure. We're doing that now with the ticket Thursday.
We are?
Yeah.
Take it up your ass on Thursday.
Or something like that.
It's an initial promotion that's got its own promos and everything.
Oh, no.
Can we find one of those promos?
We've been playing them all day.
No, no, no.
I heard something like that.
I'm going to try to ignore it.
So in other words, on the sports shows every Thursday.
And the reason they do a Thursday is because Thursday is the first day of each rating week.
Oh, you're going to tell me that came from someone.
Oh, sure.
What?
And what have to?
From one of the consultants, maybe him or her or it or whatever.
Yeah, but that's where we come from.
Hey, don't forget you better watch yourself, Mr.
You're in the Tanner building.
Oh, yeah.
That's what muffal we says.
You're in the Tanner building.
So you better watch it.
Keep an eye on it.
Yeah, better watch it.
Right.
So is that only on the sports shows?
How can we get left out?
See, we're taking it up the old shoot, man.
Is what we're taking here lately.
There's something really strange going on.
It's like, and maybe it's my fault.
Maybe it's because I say the sports nerds make me a nauseous.
And I'm still going to say that.
I'm not changing my mind.
If I hate its sports like you do, it would be like a lot more
negative for me to say that.
But I love my football and hockey.
And that's fine.
I watch plenty of it.
Probably more than most of the assholes we got on the air.
Probably the fact of the matter is people who live within this whole
web of my new show who want to talk about the same crap day after day after day.
I'm never going to change my opinion about that.
It's pathetic.
I feel sorry that those people are waltzing around taking up the goddamn space
and breathing the fresh air that somebody useful could be doing.
Makes me sick.
WQA and Hello.
Nobody there.
QA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Happy Deleted.
Happy Circus.
Yeah, you know, those same people that talk about my new show,
the second Adolfins one next law that last game,
how they're going to come back next year.
No.
You know what?
It's pathetic.
Narada, Narada Crepetician, and it's the same crap every single year too.
No.
As opposed to just saying hey, they suck or wants that stuff,
and just telling it like it is, they've always got some kind of a looted excuse.
These guys haven't even hit the shower yet, and they're already talking about this and that.
Listen, I understand that you think that that fingerprinting in the eye scan is a good idea.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do too.
I mean, why didn't they do this like 10 years ago?
Do they realize how, you know, the people that are against this,
how many people that are criminals and wanted felons that they would touch
after borders as a result of doing this?
Let me give you an example of that.
When our flight got to Toronto from Amsterdam,
they opened up the door on KLN, they opened the door up,
and we're getting ready to de-play in.
And all of a sudden, we see three or four cops out there.
They got the armed bands, police and all of a sudden,
and they buzz about talking with the flight attendants,
and they tell everybody, go back, please sit down, have your passport ready,
and there was some guy that they dragged off of there.
I will say this, he did come forward voluntarily,
some dark, complex guy, but they said,
it's so and so on a plane, they came forward,
they slept him off, and they let us off the plane.
And it worked.
Great.
And it worked, exactly.
Listen, I'm sure you didn't watch the Democrats...
I did, I taped it and I watched it last night.
You know what the real shame is, and I know you've spoken about this,
it's at Great Length, and I'm with you.
You know, the whole Democratic Party is self-destructing.
And for these candidates to come out,
instead of talking about the issues,
to turn around and to shoot down the frontliner,
I mean, what is that doing?
Especially, especially Lieberman,
I thought his performance yesterday was so grotesque.
Of course, he's grotesque anyway, but his performance was so over the top.
He's an asshole, man.
And listen, one last thing is that I had to help me eat trache,
if he cheeseburgers for lunch.
Two last things, one, I rented Requiem,
but I haven't seen it yet.
Please.
And another thing is, there was a poll in the Washington Post
that said that I believe it's 62 or 65 percent of all Americans.
Now it does not matter if weapons of mass destruction are ever found in Iraq.
In other words, that means that those people don't care if we were lied to.
And you know what, I read that, and I was like, you know,
this is why we went to war in the first place.
And now all of a sudden, all those soldiers, all of those injuries, everything now,
it doesn't, it's all for naught.
It doesn't matter.
It feels easy to be fast and loose with somebody else's life.
And if you look at what this president is doing, okay,
the legislation that he's proposing now,
because in all of this money that he's spending on the war
and everything else, this is all borrowed money people.
People that are bushwickers, this is all borrowed money.
Take a look at the deficit.
If you look at all the legislation that he's thinking about,
it's only good for one year, which means that once he gets reelected,
he will not renew what he plans on doing.
And people need to really understand that.
They don't, they don't, and they won't, man.
No, I like you.
See it to border, thanks.
1259-560 WQM, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group, the benefits are incredible.
Zero closing, cause zero application, fee zero, credit zero, fee zero,
discounted points, gets yourself the new low interest rate at just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000, you pay only $334 a month,
a $200,000, your payments are only $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you be financial getting a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never pay closing costs again.
So call and check this out today.
1-800-940-Lend, get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property
without further cost or expense.
Zero underwriting, fee zero, dock fees, zero closing costs,
even when you move to another property.
Get the new low rate financing at just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details, call 1-800-940-Lend, that's 1-800-940-Lend,
and never pay closing costs ever again.
Financial group, 1-800-940-Lend,
the Renekville Housing Lender Restrictions Apply,
raise subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
9 and local, this is 4305-16,
and we're waiting waiting.
I'm Judge Roy Moore,
in the next best thing to watch an end,
call to her, spake mad drug,
is the nail rudder's fair and balanced one to two hour.
All right.
If you look onto the evening,
you can bid on my tune.
What you shouldn't be buying,
I'll blame it don't belong to you,
and so I'll say, return my mother,
I want it back,
and that's my golden hand,
but that's my black one on the dammit,
and that's my dog,
for that much money can buy a lot of times,
so buy a flaws,
and you're the hero who buys it,
and you need there a beat,
because the only wonder that
is afraid to fit me,
and so I'll sing it,
and return my mother,
and come on be a path,
and why would the option,
and my group,
and now,
return my mother,
you've got no right,
to sell my teeth,
of that brilliant fight,
return my mother,
what a five at five sixty,
if you did buy Elvis's mower
on the eBay on the internet,
what are you going to do with it?
Yeah, seriously, what are you going to do with a tooth?
Oh, make a necklace out of it.
That's a great idea,
you can have a tooth,
you can make a necklace made out of teeth
from all different celebrities,
right, right,
and if you were gay,
you could be the tooth fairy.
Anyway, speaking of fairy,
some asshole sends me this facts,
in small letters it says,
oh, you know who this is?
Yeah, I do.
Dave Friedman.
Am I wrong?
No, you're not.
And the reason I know that is,
because of the teeny tiny print,
he's the only one that ever does that.
And then,
there's a different header,
which is actually on the bottom,
which shows that it's not him,
it's from another one.
And who's this?
From the Guardian?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway,
and you already forgot to mention,
free spaghetti night at Pompato Park,
then did I forget to mention that?
No.
Did I mention it in the spot?
Did I mention it twice?
Did I talk about cemetery village
and win more in those people?
Don't steal the silverware at all.
Get lost, okay?
Few you, man.
You know, there is something I do want to read,
and I read it on Friday,
but nobody was in town,
and so nobody was listening Friday,
and I'm going to read it again.
Very short.
Okay.
It's from the great Mike Walker
at the National Inquirer.
Jackson Brothers claim
a police brutality bogus writes, Mike.
It says,
do you mean Jackson?
Shut up.
Despite your bizarre claim
that Santa Barbara cops
you label racist rednecks,
roughed up brother Michael,
nobody laid a glove on the glove one,
my inside sources insist.
Remember on the only journalist
who's reported details
of the booking procedure,
Michael describing his eye-colorist
chocolate, for example,
and my sources sneer at your charge
that he was very much mistreated physically.
In fact, they say,
Michael was so grateful
for respectful treatment
that he had an assistant
to deliver autograph photos of himself,
complete with holiday greetings
to the booking officers,
which annoyed his lawyers,
no endow here.
My sources also say,
Michael can't stand you, German,
and really speaks to you,
you distant years ago
with your notorious song,
word to the bed,
snapping at Rose,
plastic surgery and weirdness,
you warbled,
once you were made,
you changed your shade,
was your color wrong,
could not turn back,
it's an own fact
you were too far gone.
At the time, German,
you called it an attempt
to heal our relationship,
our today's outrageous lies,
your latest pathetic stab,
at healing,
Mike Walker with the Inquirer,
wants to know.
Hi, Skawn Mike,
you go, boy.
I love the Inquirer.
See, there's a classical example,
you don't like it at the end of the debate,
but it's the case that
yesterday one of the last things
is they asked each of the candidates
to admit a mistake that he made,
or she,
his account was the wrong,
and they did,
although, the Lieberman,
of course, very, very wishy washy,
and some silly as, you know,
pathetic.
But here's a mistake I made.
I used to diss the Inquirer.
I used to think it was like
the star and the Tatler
and the weekly world news,
all these other Tatloids.
And the fact that it matter is
that 99% of the time,
if it's any Inquirer,
like the Robert Blake story,
they broke it,
right?
They evolved.
See, they got sued
one too many times
and decided to, you know,
vet all their stories,
henceforth.
Right.
And they do a great job of it, too.
The Worshland Ball story,
that's where I found it.
I remember somebody
dissed me for a,
oh, it's only in the National Enquirer,
remember that?
Right.
And look what happened to him, huh?
It'll teach you for a while.
By the way,
wouldn't he come in back?
Any minute now.
Don't say that.
Five hundred and fifty votes
on a poll,
the most overrated
major celebrity of all time.
And there's no oldies on here,
you know, like Humphrey Bogart,
not that he was overrated.
This is an example.
The only oldie on here,
I think is John Wayne, right?
Yeah, as far as, like,
real oldie yet.
Although Bill Cosby.
Oh, he's not in the same category
with John, with Mary and Wayne,
whatever the hell his name was.
Oprah Winfrey,
136.
Nobody can touch her fat ass.
I'll tell you that right now.
Barbara Streisand, 64.
Senior Cruz is in a death,
and she's in a good battle for third there.
You know what?
In a, in a death clench.
She's got 47, Dr. Phil 44,
and James Dean 43.
The three of men separated by a hair.
And Dr. Phil wishes he had it.
Dick Clark, 22, Frank Sinatra, 21.
Jerry Lewis, 14.
A lady, the flag of the Schmigel.
Woody Allen, 13.
Jim Carrey, 13.
Elvis Presley, 13.
Larry King, 11.
Jerry Seinfeld, 11.
Andy Copp and 10.
Everybody else single digits.
So you have to ask yourself the question,
would Jerry Lewis?
And what point did we start to really hate him?
Because I like Martin and Lewis.
I mean, of course, I'm an old fart.
They were on television.
And you generally speak like almost everything that was on TV,
because it was on, you know?
It's not like he had a lot of choices.
I'd say color.
Color changes color.
No one.
When he made a color movie.
When those, those black and white movies were kind of funny.
Yeah.
Color ruined him.
I don't understand.
No, this is going to be missing.
I'm going to be missing the crap up.
You said at what point?
I just had to choose a point.
You're missing, uh, very well.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I think when his head, I'm not talking about when he got sick
and his head started getting fat.
Just when his head started getting fat or in general.
At that point, we started turning on him.
WQA-N, not there.
WQA-N, hello.
Uh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
I'm OK, sir.
Happy New Year.
And the same to you.
Uh, I have two for you.
How about Rosie O'Kall and Rosie Anno Bigger?
OK.
You know, Rosie and Vah?
Yeah, I got a vote.
OK, thank you for your boring.
I mean, your great call.
Well, was that a put on or was that for real?
That's not a put on.
It was like real, yeah.
Ted.
No.
It's not like Ted on Doggie Downers.
Are we, do we want to put them on there?
Rosie O'Kall, I guess so.
They're on all these kind of polls, you know.
Rosie, have already on there.
She is?
That's not your ethics.
Roseanne Barr is already on there?
Yeah, that was my pick.
Oh, I see Dennis Miller's got one.
Well, where the hell is Roseanne Barr?
I don't see her.
How many she got?
Oh, she's already got five.
Excellent choice.
She's tied with Ashton Eshton the Coocher and Britney Spears and Bill Cosby and John Wayne.
What a group.
Why would you like to have a party with John Wayne, Bill Cosby, Ashton Coocher, Roseanne Barr and Britney Spears?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'll bring the dip.
Wait, the phone's already there.
By the way, the good news is Britney got a quick enalman.
O'Kall, she was just a little bit in a party in a festive kind of a mood and said, let's tie it up.
You know, Miguel brought up a good point during a break.
He popped.
Really?
Said if he was the guy, he'd be going to divorce court.
Maybe she'll be on with Judge Judy next week with the two men.
Settlement.
And Miguel cut the crap, okay?
I'm surprised he wasn't in her screaming about Celia Cruz.
Seriously, he was what just got into it.
He said his family was psychotic with me because what we both said about Celia Cruz.
He was like that.
He was like that.
But they wouldn't tell me.
I'm Celia Cruz and I am dead now.
I got a re-number when I was alive.
I will need to do the live-loin with it.
I will do it.
I will do it.
Twelve minutes after one at five, sixty W. Cooom.
Here's another great spot for you for balance for life.
In fact, they're going to be getting more attention now.
I can't do that.
Dr. Atkins maybe changing his tune.
Oh my God.
What kind of a spot is this, Troy?
Are you out of your mind or what?
Oh Jesus.
I think too much comedy when I'm young girls at that Christmas party.
That's what put Troy a stratford over the edge.
That's what I'm hearing.
But the good news is that this stratford is back with us.
How is Doreen doing?
Is Doreen seeing her?
Anyway, if a lot of people out there have made losing weight
as their New Year's resolution, which we do every year,
it's the same old stuff and then you still stay fat,
maybe you can pack out a few more pounds, you're packing it.
Balance for life could be the answer that you're looking for.
Quit tittering.
It's the convenient affordable weight loss
and you need healthy gourmet meal service delivery.
You've heard so much about it.
Too busy to eat right, too tired to cook tonight.
No time for shopping.
Hate doing the dishes.
Tired of that afternoon drowsiness.
You feel they're about to crawl up like a ball on the corner
and sleep for hours.
No time for the gym.
Is he still making noise, Josh?
Yes.
Why?
I don't know.
Balance for life is the answer you're looking for.
And don't forget, and now the famous dr. Rackens is changing his tune.
In his new book, The Age Defined Diet Revolutiony Talks
exclusively about zone-based principles.
And of course, Balance for Life is based on the zone diet.
Dr. Barry Sears, no kind of gene series or Brian Sears or even J Sears.
Here's the deal.
They bring you a little black sack by six o'clock in the morning
right here at Door at Homer work.
And in there's all the food you need for the whole day.
Three gourmet meals, hormonally balanced, two delicious snacks,
and even a 60 ounce bottle of water.
It's there by six o'clock.
All the food you need for the week, the only choice you have to make
is between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program.
You fill out the menu.
They bring you to food and the weight just pours off your body.
I think maybe you need a hormonal balance.
And then their on-stab dietitian will consult with you weekly to guarantee you lose the weight
and continue to succeed.
So get started for real on the New Year's resolution right now.
Did I mention Katrina Lusk 15 pounds? She's doing great.
She's a sweetheart.
Call Balance for Life at 954-568-229.
That's 954-568-229.
Check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
And believe me, you'll be singing a different tune.
And my, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't who I am.
N-N-N-G-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
The 80s are back.
They are?
Uh-huh.
And 50s Funny Man Jerry Lewis is too.
Are you sure?
Well, kind of.
And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a supergroup for the new millennium.
Introducing Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey lady, the heart of rock and roll.
Heart of rock and roll is still beating.
With the Benz or Coles and the AR then Cleveland.
Already with Shipwagon and the flagl and all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop.
It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey lady, please I like a new drug.
No need those plays.
It is a nice man who promises typewriter.
And the white goat plays.
Hey, it's hip to be square.
And it's even hipper to buy something round.
Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Available.
You can find it wherever find records.
It's all with the nice man behind the cow.
They have you find it with the nice lady.
Parsam okay.
Okay.
Okay.
118.
You know, Chris must be psychic because the bit that it says here that well,
he wants to hear which I'll play in the next break.
I had that cute up.
How do you like that?
And then I thought well, I did our Jerry Lewis have it or play some Jerry Lewis thing
because we're just bitching about him.
So that was actually cute up.
There you go.
Shocking man.
Those psychic who says I'm not in touch.
I touched this.
Anyway, speaking of Ms. Fudge.
What the hell day was this?
Oh, Friday.
Well, Friday ain't that long.
Go it's only three days.
Ask the vote for a Democratic presidential nominee if the election were held today.
Twice as many registered Democrats would choose Vermont Governor Howard Dean over John Kirich.
Twenty two to ten percent.
Lieberman nine.
Wesley Clark eight.
Got it.
Got it.
Let's see.
Dick Gibhard, ten percent for Dick.
I see if Dean didn't run.
Fourteen percent for Kirich, thirteen for Clark, twelve percent for Lieberman and ten percent for Dick.
Now in direct matchups against W. Wait till you're this.
Voters would vote this way.
This is a poll taken by time CNN December 30th in January 1st.
Bush 51 percent, Dean 46 percent.
Pretty close.
Bush over Lieberman, I don't believe this one, 52 to 46.
That's the live factor.
Right.
There's a lot of that going around.
Bush over Carrie 54 to 43 percent.
Bush over Gibhard 53 to 44.
Bush over Clark 53 to 43.
And Bush over John Edwards 53 to 43.
I think John Edwards out across over or across dress.
Just go away.
Right.
He's just a not a real Juleing Yahoo, but like a somewhat Juleing Yahoo.
You know what I mean?
It's a little bit of a drill.
One strand.
Don't like it.
And there's also a story.
I don't want to read no bedtime stories, but there's a story on our website you must read today from the Scotland Sunday, Harold Sodom's capture was a deal, broken behind the scenes.
Can I read just a couple of it'll make you puke?
Okay.
Well, the reason I say puke is that the patriotic union of Kurdistan, P.U.K.
Yeah, I call it puke.
Rumors that the crucial Kurdish role in the capture of Saddam have persisted, even though it now seems they're previously euphoric spokesmen have now been afflicted by an inexplicable bout of reticence.
In some of the words they're not talking like the Americans as well.
It was the two weeks ago that the Sunday hero revealed how a Kurdish special forces unit belonging to the patriotic union of Kurdistan, P.U.K.
had spearheaded and tracked down Saddam, seething off the Aldoar farmhouse long before the arrival of the U.S. forces.
P.U.K. leader, Jalal Talabani, it's chosen to leak the news in details of the operations commander, Kusrut Rasul Ali, the Iranian media.
Long before Saddam's capture was reported by the mainstream western press or confirmed by the U.S. military.
By the time western press agencies are running the same story, the entire emphasis had changed that were in the Ausged Iraqi president, then had been captured in a raid by U.S. forces back by Kurdish.
Does something you might want to read on our website? Believe it or not, I believe it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, how we come up with those 600 votes, huh?
5, 100 and 84. See how that's your off the oak too easy.
Like sliding off a log. Yeah.
Mandog is back at 2 today and it's about time. Jesus Christ, he's been on vacation for months.
3 months and months and months, a lot of stress, a lot of pressure. At least you don't have any pressure, no mo.
Michigan got their ass kicked. Dolphins didn't make the playoffs, so we ought to be really mellow today.
The Boehmister, Kim Boe camper for the Humper at 4 from Shulis Day 2, because the Humper is like a little scratchy.
Maybe Hank, if he's got the scratchy throat, maybe he can start doing a feral thing.
Good point. Hey stupid. Hey stupid. Hey stupid. I can hear it.
Give it a shot, Humper. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I got someone for your list. How about Wayne Newton?
He's on there. He's not doing too well though. I can't believe it. Oh really unbelievable.
He ought to be giving over. He ought to be giving that bitch your run for her money.
Okay buddy. Thanks a lot pal. Have a great year. How is he doing Wayne Newton?
Nine. Oh and speaking of nine. That the Robert Grieper resume that you've faxed me before.
Yeah. Where did that come from? The fax machine.
Oh somebody faxed it to us? Yes. So Robert Grieper is shopping his resume around.
He's looking at the monster com. I guess I shouldn't have said that.
Why not? Okay. Why would you not want to say that?
The lawyers might want to check out Robert Grieper's resume. Right. And?
Well you just try. If you put it on there, then you're just giving him some help.
You're giving him some help like right out the door.
Oh right. It's time for him to go. We don't like his attitude.
He's a little overqualified for this kind of a slumber job.
Just like the person you told me emailed and said wanted to come in.
Do what? Like the assistant producer or what was that? Yeah.
Responding to some postings that we had about a producer and a part time.
I mean I was thinking about that. That somebody I knew in Kalamazoo Michigan.
Let's see 35 years ago. That person would be like in their 50s now.
Perfect for entry level.
Wow. I was glad Paris the thought.
Go and you can go. Hello. Hey George. Yes, sir. Happy New Year.
And the same to you. So you want to talk to Neil? Yes, please.
Where you're calling from? Call spring. Here's a call from Carl spring. Hello.
You know, I fall for that. I know. I love it. Yeah. I got two two for your fall.
Go ahead. Bob Hope. Elizabeth Taylor.
Bob hopes somebody on there. Not good. He's moving up. He's starting to move up.
I love that. Yeah. She is such a drunken slob man.
You all time. Exactly. She makes me sick. Thanks a lot, pal.
I have a good day. Then you two. Good day.
Liz Taylor, man. Now I don't know. I mean, she was attractive once upon a time.
Was she really a great actress? And no. Like who's afraid of Virginia?
Well, that wasn't really acting. That was her.
Or they just being drunk and fighting. Right. Like I said, that was just her.
Her dick. Right. That was like a whole movie. She's one of those people.
There's so many of those people. They just were all look at that.
596 votes, dammit. Like I said, if we don't get to a thousand by 130.
But they really, when it gets to the light, see,
used to be the other way around on our polls. Always the, you know, the response would peter off as we go along.
We're adding a few more names on here. But now it's kind of like they want to like ensure.
They want to make so damn sure that you're not on the rest of the week.
I think there's a message there, not in the chain emails I'm sending out.
Right. Oh, is that what it is? Good. Good choice.
Look at that. The Dow is up 94 in the NASDAQ. Up 29.
The economy is making a great comeback. There aren't too many people dying every day in Iraq.
And things are just beautiful. What's not to like? You know,
the deficit is only like trillions and billions.
And once we get up our, our military up there on Mars, how can we never got those pictures?
I've been watching for that. Did you ever see him?
I know. They sit around noon today. We were going to get the first color pictures from Mars.
Didn't see him.
We'll keep our eyes peeled.
We're going to have a car and truck of the year. I bet you that new six generation of vet.
I bet you that's going to be the car of the year. That's not it though. What is that?
Engine. Now it could probably fit inside the bed of a massive F-154 pickup truck and for it said.
That's that's what it is. What is that? I don't know.
I don't know. The D is the key to its economic future.
The previous F-150 model is the best selling vehicle in America.
With dynamic Chrysler sales down 4% last year, the company hopes to spark sales with a number of new vehicles,
including a new Grand Sport touring vehicle from Mercedes.
CNN's Jeff Flock at the Detroit Auto Show with Warren.
5607.0560.
On the AT&T of Verizon Wireless. What a great set way into our spot.
Is it? Yeah. For a hell of a Pontiac GMC.
Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Why not? You better go get you a log.
Be right back. Expect the same great deal of deals at Auto City Pontiac.
The same customer satisfaction. You're accustomed to for the last 5,000 years at Halibut.
Right now, at Auto City of Pinecrest, it's a gigantic, big 2003 blowout sale
on all remaining Pontiacs and GMCs in stock. Get absolutely the best prices.
And Auto City is loaded with 2004's, so take advantage of 0% financing on all models in stock.
Credit problems? No problem. Auto City's got an excellent selection of premium cars for you to choose from.
It's the brand new and thrilling Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
134.01. South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 across from the falls.
Open every day like always seven days a week.
If you want more info call the Neil Deal Hotline tool for you at 1-888-534-4220.
That's 1-888-534-4220. Keep in mind, all offers subject to credit.
Approval see the folks at Auto City Pontiac for details.
Lombardo Perez, your creator and the staff at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Wish you and yours a very happy new year.
The brand new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest where you'll find low prices without the high pressure.
5-6 Locals. This is 5-6.
The radio's on yours.
2-8-9.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
the
The
I thought I could get a decent farmer
But dinner on my boner is a bummer
And now my lap is full of crap
Cause my monster take off your tonsils, fill your guts
Puking on my nuts
I was hoping for a decent BJ
But now I am wearing Chinese buffet
All my moans were getting louder
Now my lap looks like cranchotter nasty slut
Puking on my nuts
I should have held back my thrust
You lost your lunch
Now my luck has turned to disgust
Puking on my nuts
Puking on my nuts
Puking on my nuts
132.560 WQM
I whistle a tune for like 10 seconds while I pipe in a routine a little bit
Okay
The reason I did that is because this story from the nation will affront you dig chaining
Yes, you just fangs me
I read this story a couple of days ago
I don't know whether you had this on our website or if I put it on there over a week ago
I don't know if I did a lot of drugs
So I just emailed it to Eric
It'll be on the website either today or tomorrow whenever he decides to put it on
It's pretty fascinating stuff
About your vice
Maybe that's why they call them the vice president
He's a crook
I don't start that again Neil, you're having such a good day. Don't start the bush-bashing and chaining-bashing and the Nazi-bashing
Okay, please add lies and vanilla to this somebody says and that's an excellent choice
Especially right on the ass-hand of Liz Taylor
What a what a good Cornell of that is, huh?
Narotic drunk
Wash down
Man, just wish they would both go to hell away
Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time?
They can't touch you Oprah
You're in the leak of your own baby. 141 say Oprah
Farmer stress and 72
Sydney accrues his type with Dr. Phil 48
Boy, I sure like to see the two of them in the same box
James Dean 43
Frank Sinatra 25, Dick Clark 22, Elvis 17
Jerry Lillis 15, Andy Coppin 14
Aren't you surprised at that? No
Larry King 14, Woody Allen 14
Jim Carrey 13, I find that offensive
Howard Stern 11, Jerry Seinfield 11, sliced alone 11
Wayne Newton 10, Gloria Stephon 10
Johnny Carson Bob Hope 8-piece
Bob Hossone got 6
That's amazing. That's the sympathy factor
He just croaked, although Sid he don't get the same sympathy factor
Because they really hate her
Britney's got 6, John Wayne's 6, Sherry and Axton Kutcher each have 6
Carson daily, Rosio Donald Rosanne Bar will cause the 5-piece
Neil Diamond with 4, Ray Romano, Kiano Reeves have 3-piece
Sandra Bullock, I like her a lot
She's got 2, Jamie D Curtis 2, Ellen DeGenerer 2
I can't stand her, Mick Jagger 2, Dennis Miller 2, Cara Top 1
Patrick Swayze 1, same person I think
Arnold Schwarzenegger 1, Dan Radher 1, Billy Bob Tornum 1
And no votes yet, the big O
Which I can never figure that out
No votes for Will Smith or Liz Taylor
Huh, although I get some votes
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
The MagDawd makes a Trumpet a losing maturity to this afternoon
After taking it right up the old shoot in 2 games
The evil game that was the turning point that was the kiss of death for Mimey
And then of course the Rose Bowl, man, what a blowout
WQA of Hello
QA of Hello
And then for Mimey, Dennis
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, I'll call this other news
Speaking
How you doing? I got a couple votes for you
Okay
I got a one for Carson Daly
And the other one for Almond, if you have it, you have Joan Rivers
Joan Rivers is good
I can't stand it
Okay, thanks a lot, Pally, have a great day
Thank you, you're welcome
Joan Rivers is good especially if you happen to a channel serving Kermakross
That the shopping channel
She's always on their pedaling something, man, she just, I don't know
And again, she's somebody I used to like a little bit but then she did just too much
She took
Go away Joan, take your money, take your jewelry, take your dad husband
And go away, go away Joan
Used to be really, you know, she was funny in her time
But her father killed himself
Really? Oh, there's Wesley Clark, what's he saying?
What's up? The $50,000 or less and two children or more
Then you should put away your checkbook
You won't owe the government a diamond income tax
Okay, it sounds good to me
Now, how come he wasn't there yesterday in Iowa?
Even Jewelieberman who's not participating in the Iowa caucuses
Even he was there because he just won't show up
He's the, he's the hatchet man
He's the guy that they've sent out there to like go after and get Dean
The attack man
The attack dog
The kill man
Right, that's a Jewelieberman, makes me sick
WQAM, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
How you doing buddy?
Great, Pellie
Hey, how about uh, river feeding?
How about him, he's still dead
I know, that's what you're talking about already
Hey, and go bush
Oh excellent, what a good quenella
567-0560, by the way, CEDA will be over a couple of hours for some of Gwakomoli
CEDA Cruz is really Cuban
Right, yeah
Now, what about Carmen Miranda?
I don't know
Is that embarrassing?
With all the LLLFruit on her head?
You'd think, right?
But she might have been some kind of a South American
I think she was like Brazilian, Carmen Miranda
Somebody will know, I have some stick out there, though
So I don't think Brazilian, but uh, why Brazilian speak Portuguese?
See, really?
Yes
I'll be damned
She sure knew her fruit
Kind of like Lynn Samuel, sure knew her fruit
WQAM
Yes sir, right here
Thank you
Yes sir
How about Tom Arnold?
Tom Arnold's a good choice, I think he got a lot of hoards, but he's got no talent
Exactly, thank you
Thank you so much, and have a good day
567-0560, pound 56, how about Wayne Arnold?
No, we like Wayne, Wayne's a good guy
He's had a problem or two here along the way
He's had a bumpy rocky road, but he's a good man
In fact, maybe he'll bring in some food
Don't forget what I'm there, no food, man
Don't worry
No food
No problem
Really?
Really?
Well, that's good
Then keep Joe Castello out of there, too, because even if he just makes a cameo appearance
He always demands free food
I like you, I used to like Joe a lot better
567, especially after that, fast you sent him about him
That was sad, I didn't know that
I don't even remember what that was about, it was something that turned into a warm-ongering
Oh yeah, warm-ongering, Joe Castello, that we thought was a pretty head-on screwed-on straight
Well, maybe it's all of them drugs that you keep peddling to him
Hey, now
Oh, that's right, you're giving them
WQAM, hello
Not really, and after the buddy's a drug addict, flush wind bump
Yeah, I'll come be doing a liberty
How come we don't have him on the list?
Hi
Thank you, sir, I guess we're all the time we're just kicking, how could we forget?
Thank you
Well, how could we forget, Rush?
What is wrong with us?
Because he's on all these lists
Yeah, but this is all encompassing
That's why I like this list today, because we've never done...
You know, we could have like the broadcast or TV person
We've never done one the most over-rated media celebrity of all time, which covers everybody
Everybody who's like somebody, like a big somebody, like a contender
Rush Limbaugh, I think it's beautiful that we waited to like almost be in any call to remind us
Because you'll see him Rush right up that list, believe me
Trust me when I tell you, if anybody can give that bitch a battle for her money
What does Pete Rose again, the interest in...
...cogography that he did that on the...
Hey Pete, you're a scumbag, baby
We're sports radio 560, ju-a-m
Yeah, yeah
Did I get something? It's a charge of fault
Okay, well, there's a...
There you are, I'm back
Like I said, let's just dispense with it
You bitch, you slut, you whore
An Amos Rosio Goddo, I know what I stand for, I own the name
I created it, I will always own the name
Better than I do think that as a good name, a bad name, or what it kind of takes to you is your own conclusion
His rules again, it feels good
It is not a crime to have a latitude
But all sweet Jesus, what a mouth she's got in
Trash in her place, and not giving a squat
The Rose is dreaming else, she cannot deny the fact
She's silent, the contract
There's no bail, it is now right up the end
But why the hell did Rose be need, a goofy fantasy
Well, a TV show was hot and it was, can't get out
She even had movie stunts, I'm cruise-cut in her grasp
Oh, but it all went away, and now it's the horror of mine
Rose is a bitch, ill-moded, and an even bigger one at night
144.560, this is a great fact, since it's a great Nobel laureate in economic Joseph Stiglitz
The Bush administration is borrowing a billion dollars a day plus interest just to keep this country afloat
All I can say is that it's a damn shame we can't borrow the money from rooms to go
At least then the interest wouldn't start till June of 2006
And Paul suggested Madonna, they say
How come we don't have a Donna on there?
We do, do we now?
We'll see a lot of these that are like you said on all the polls eventually
And as soon as we got around them, I'm surprised Rush hasn't got any votes yet
Out of 658, wait till I get home
Here's one that says I can't believe that Ugly Jennifer Lopez's name hasn't made the list yet
She's so disgusting and her dumb boyfriend Ben off-locked, the real-a-duck
Did we put him on there?
I did, I spelled it right too
And her?
Her?
Alright, excellent
Now this other page, this bothers me
Jay Leno, I'll go along with that, no problem, no talent, just a big chin
But Steve Allen?
Yeah, I hope we didn't put Steve Allen on there
Sure, I said all of them
Why?
Steve Allen was the most overrated major celebrity of all time
Some of us young actors don't remember anything
And Addy, he was one of the great innovators of television with a tonight show and with his Sunday night show
I'll take a look for it
Just because he became seen Allen obnoxious and the goody Tushus there before his death
Please see that's all I remember
Well, guess what, you're wrong
Bad move
Get him off of there Eric, no Steve Allen, okay if he got one vote it would be like Sacra Ligis
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WDQA and hello
Hey, hey, what's up?
Yes sir
Hey listen, I'm looking for maybe you know a number of some of your deals with 55 and older retirement
Continental Association
Maybe a lawyer?
No
Call up my mother
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T, what was that?
I don't know
What was it?
He's looking for a lawyer
I think he thought he was reaching Bruce Williams
I see
Oh, what's doing?
What's doing?
Call a lawyer
Is he still on the air somewhere?
No idea
Oh, I sure hope not
WQA and the famous line 9, not there, that's good news
That's a good move
Excellent
WQA and hello
Neil God
Yes sir
Hey Neil, I haven't had a chance to check the website
Did you have a story about the FBI demanding the the room list from Las Vegas last weekend?
I didn't
I don't even think I put it on there, I saw it, I read the story
All right, so you know you know the basic facts about that, I said that you could see that
Okay, and also the other thing that you talked about in the airport in Europe to do the retina scandal and whatnot
The program is called Privium
Right
And you have to be a citizen of one of the EU countries of course
I think there's about like the 12 or 13 countries on the list
And obviously the US citizens don't qualify
But it does do what you said
It involves both a written scan and they take those biometric measurements of your hand
You know those kinds of things
And the combination of those two is like is literally foolproof
There's no way
Like Dr. Collar said before we should have been doing this for years
I mean anybody can get a fake passport, it's easy as hell
In fact you can't wait to get a certificate
I'm starting you know
A US citizen already can do that you know with the INS pass
You can do that with just the biometric measurement of your hand
You saw it down your passport with you but you're able to bypass the line
But this actually does the retina as well which is much more secure
That's the way to go
All right, thank you
Thank you, have a great day
5670560, pound 560
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Mad Dog coming up at 2
The volmeister for a handkit for it
That's not a good way to start the new year you know what?
No
Whatever
But now what does that mean whatever that's not good
Don't be a sander like that whatever
Well the man's got to do what he's got to do
He's got to do what he's got to do he's got to stop eating man
He's got to become like a half a load
Does that what they always say a half a load is better than none?
The toad and the half a load sounds like it sounds like a winning combination to me
The nematode
If you're oh he's on before
Absolutely
Either one of us
If you're planning on replacing your carpets because they don't look new anymore
Thinking about having your carpet area rugs at rapry professionally cleaned
There's only one place to call call my good friends and dry concepts first
Because they're simply the best in the business and bringing your carpets back to life
They've been doing it for me for over 20 years now in my house
Sanitize your home today using dry concept certified trained technicians
Who know their stuff they'll dry clean your carpets
Same idea is dry clean your clothing
Leaving a vibrant in color soft of the touch
Dry concepts the best in the business at the standards for all others to follow
And don't forget your rugs would be dry within one or two hours so you can clean today
And literally entertain tonight so call today and see how you can say 15% on your next carpet
Cleaning with dry concepts column tool free at 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 like I always said it to the best in the universe
White press your carpets to anybody else and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job
Or you can find out more info on their website at dryconcepts.com
This is sports radio fights at 2 a.m.
Now the networks let their actors curse
There's no wedding sites with this in set of key
All the dialogue can take for granted
Swearin like a sailor on a pre-day pass
Words a whole lot worse than ass
F bomb F bomb how will it be
Before they drop the F bomb on that word TV
F bomb F bomb there's no telling when they're dropped one on the U.T.M.
All right I can't wait myself 152 at 560 WQM
We never got to this DNA test thing no way to not that's because you didn't remind me
Hey don't forget that Michael Jackson DNA testing in the examiner
It says DNA test to prove once and for all if Michael Jackson is the real father of his three children
Maybe demanded as a result of child molestation charges against him say sources
You know those sources they say it
The explosive development in the child molestation case
With n speculation that is swirled around the pop king for years
That his two sons and one daughter were conceived by sperm donors
Squirt squirt if Michael is found killed in sentence to jail
He may have to give up custody of the kids the source post to the investigation tells the examiner
If that happens whether or not he's the biological father will be an important factor in deciding where they will go
And investigators have another compelling reason to test the kids DNA
If it's discovered that Michael's been lying about being their father
Prosecutors will dig even deeper to find out what else the singer has been hiding
Michael's pals are concerned that the DNA test will prove there is no blood link between Jackson and his three kids
Says a Jackson family insider
I think he's claimed the kids are his because it makes him look in the eyes of his fans
But when you see Michael's kids it seems obvious that he's not the father
That's why he makes them wear veils
It's clear to me that these kids are white not biracial
Maybe they got like a early die job a bleached job
Or they got that illness that he's supposed to have had
Oh yeah right
Michael insists his two older children son Prince Michael one six and daughter Paris five
Were conceived naturally with second wife Debbie Roe formerly in the system the medical office of Michael's plastic surgeon
But mysteriously Debbie handed them over to Michael right after their births and doesn't have anything to do with the children
She brought another world I had them because I wanted Michael to be a father that he said I didn't do it to be a mother
The circumstances surrounding the child's third they star third child 21 a month old Prince Michael the tooth
The son Michael calls blanket or even more mind-boggling
And Michael's behavior with the babies already sparked an outcry among professionals who fear he's an unfit father no kidding
First he said the boy was conceived during a relationship with his anonymous mother then he changed the story saying he'd never met the child's mother
And then he donated sperm to make her a surrogate mom
They conflicting accounts cast suspicion on Michael experts said it could be used against him if he stands trial from
All of a station meanwhile
Social workers are desperately trying to talk to the two older kids to evaluate their well-being and the aftermath of the charge against Michael 45
Ready for that and it goes on and on and on and assholes continue buying his records and watching them on
He watched the special on Friday Friday and on CBS you talking to me yeah
I thought it was a joke it's just a joke
Anybody watch the Michael Jackson special on CBS because if you did we got something for you. It's got your name on it
I mean there's no shame anymore in other words if they can draw up some ratings for just like the interview 160 minutes
Here is a show that is always weekend and week out for the last hundred years always in the top five or ten in viewing 60 minutes legendary
Right right and they don't care
What do they pay them the million dollars and that is almost insignificant the fact that they would put them on their dispute
A bunch of crap and make up that story about being abused by the cops and just just again to spew propaganda and put a spin on it is the pathetic
Here's the pool as it is now we got amateur we got close to 700 votes on there
682 you see I think they're doing it just in case if we get 700 did I get credit for tomorrow
What do you mean by that because you said tomorrow we renew 700?
So tomorrow is already done now I see tomorrow 666. Oh that's right
So well listen we have to ease but you don't think the whole audience is back here do they do it?
Just let people come back from vacation the first day is line 150 yet?
Please take a look around you is the entire staff there today are they all present accounted for?
You seen Greg yet not today no see him on Friday I have been here yeah actually you seen him on Friday I'm not sure the Greg readmeister I think it's a
dream between now and then too many of us rooms here's that poll question who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time
Oprah Winfrey 147
Marmar Streisand 72 Dr. Phil time with Celia Cruz 50 a piece
Jimmy Dean 43
James Dean 43
Frank Sinatra 27 Elvis Presley 23 Dick Clark 22 people can't stand dick Andy Kaufman 16 and it just changed again I hated
And it's changing very slowly too Woody Allen 16 Larry King 16 Jerry Lewis 16 Jim Kerry 13 way Newton started to make a move
Look out for Wayne he's moving it he's got 12 Gloria step on 12 Jerry Seinfeld 11 slides the lone 11 Howard Stern 11 and Britney Spears 10 everybody else small potatoes and single digits WQ AM hello
Yeah looking for Neil speaking good afternoon sir how's everything everything is great sensational
I want to pull Kirk Douglas to that qualify Kirk Douglas you thought he couldn't act as well as a paper set
No okay I was one other quick thing I was pulling out of my neighborhood the other day and you will not believe it's just the huge largest billboard of good old hypocritical rush and it states rushes right I can't believe that
Farway farway you look at far out okay thanks a lot pali
I have a good anchor you too let's see Ray faxes and says applying my meager law knowledge to Michael Jackson the new law that California passed probably will not apply to him
The new law can't be passed to convict on a past deed that was not a crime was committed also past crimes and I always love
In evidence for a new trial unless of course it's on Fox News your terror is alert fair and balance station says do you
Understand Mike Mike crowd friend PS you're right about the Godfather gripping have to watch it always the first choice
Morse the race not less it keeps me up today with the world says Ray George isn't as best when he talks about religion and politics talk about religion and politics George no when you run the rest of the religion anyway are you going to start with that religion
Crap again you heathen bastard dude good that was wrong with you you better you better start mending your fences with the Lord man I'm in lockstep with the Lord
You better better watch your men your evil ways I just spoke to him I'm doing everything right and what are you saying he said good job boy
He said good job boy anyway we got the mad dog coming up next you know this was like a trial today you know it was like a like a dry run kind of yeah dry
Hump yeah and maybe tomorrow when we come back we'll do like a real show or maybe not maybe we'll just keep a
Try it for a few days that we could do dry hump day that sounds good to me we got the bull my straight chulas for the
Humper 4 to 7 this afternoon get better soon Humper get that load going bye bye bye
I'm the one who show uncliced to the QA my name for learning
Honolingus and Sykai it three brought us to this
