We're all going to be.
Now the F word, we've tried everything under the sun.
I don't know. Is there anything creative we can come up with for that?
Lots of things we could have in our long discussion about what to replace that with.
Yeah. Well maybe we will.
The P word, how about just plain P?
Well because that means something else.
No.
It can mean something else.
What? Don't think you're in.
Well you can say pissed off.
Can you?
Are you sure?
Of course.
You can't use it as a verb.
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
See it doesn't hurt.
It's a little bit of a shock.
It's a good thing we're having this discussion today.
Right.
Because you haven't got a clue.
That was a verb that you were wrong.
What?
Pist off is a verb.
No it's not.
It's an adjective.
It's a describe, describes a state of mind.
He's dead.
William B. Williams.
You got it?
Yeah, I got it.
Why do you say nobody knows who these people are?
You're wrong.
Okay.
Where do you think most of you have been a little tough for it or from besides Cuba?
Where else do you think is the second most?
New York.
And where do you see on this list so far you got Dan Ingram.
You have Gene Shepard, Babelouz, Godmione, Herboscaradison, Cousin Brucie.
And it lets you're from New York.
What?
You don't care.
That's not true.
Because back in the day,
you can't play that stuff.
He will give it his record and give it what his...
What's up?
Boy, heaven help us.
WQA Am Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Over for you.
Speaking.
Yep.
Hey, I'm at Jake Kimacar say.
I just got through saying him.
Did you invite me?
I bet you didn't put him on there.
And I know Josh Maldit, J.P. McCarthy, what happened to J.P.
beside the fact that he died and you still got Berg spelled B-U-R-G?
Come on, let's go.
Let's get what...
Slight him up on the side of the head a couple of times.
Let's go.
This isn't the rocket science.
I mean it's not like the votes are pouring in here like I'm taking 8 million calls.
Let's see.
Alan Fried Wolfman Jack.
Gene says big Wilson was in South Florida, see.
J.
In our lifetime.
But Wolfman Jack, he belongs on there.
Don't we have a Wolfman Jack bit?
I thought we did something.
Well does he, um, because there no Dick Clark on in Casey Kasey month out all of them hosted a national show at some point where they played some music?
That's a much national broadcast but like a service you play the disc.
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about people.
I mean if you listen to Dick Clark in Philly, which I don't even know where he was on.
I don't know if he had his own radio show.
I'm assuming he did.
And Casey Kasey.
I guess we out.
I think I left the...
Can we play that one?
That's got all the bleeps in it, right?
Now we're up to our long distance dedication.
Yeah, it's got all the bleeps.
So we put them on there.
Who?
Dick Clark Casey.
If you like, we'll make that.
We'll put Dick on here.
Now after watching Pullman for Columbine last night, we're going to bat.
What a bastard he is.
Close it up.
Yeah, close it up.
Not close it up.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Close it up.
And then of course Charlton Heston.
Wow.
That was just...
The shocking would be an understanding.
He was son of a thing.
Yeah.
Racist, miserable, obnoxious piece of turd.
Just a...
Oh, disgusting.
And of course the best part of it is it shows there might be actually a guy.
Yeah, good.
In fact that he's got Alzheimer's now.
He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was much less the interview.
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Yeah, speaking.
Speaking.
Yeah?
How about John Colony Anderson and the rocket you're showing right away?
And of course the best part of it is it shows there might be actually a guy.
Yeah, good.
Who else?
Now he's got an Alzheimer's now.
He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was much less the interview.
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Yeah, speaking.
Speaking.
Bill?
Yes.
How about John Colony Anderson and the rocket you're right.
I feel it's the alphabet.
Who?
John Colony Anderson.
John Colony.
Who's the one that got out?
Thank you, Robert, with MCC when he worked on that Jerry Lee Lewis hit a great ball of the fire.
Uh-huh. And he was eight. He was at that hard time, but you're just 60, right? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I am too. He was, uh, Jack O' Henderson? Yeah, Jack O' Henderson. Okay, you got him,
man. Thanks. Put him on there. I have Jack O' Henderson. Jack O' Henderson.
He was the one that got me out. That's your cover with the FCC when he brought on that Jerry Lee
and you hit, uh, uh, uh, they brought up a fire. Uh-huh. And uh, he was eight. He was at that hard time,
but you're just 60, right? Yes, sir. Yeah, I am too. And he was, uh, Jack O' Henderson? Yeah,
Jack O' Henderson. Okay, you got him, man. Thanks. Put him on there. I have no idea who that is.
But again, why should I know who these people are? Did I ever get him Philadelphia? No. No. That's the point. Don't
talk about this flight that the flight to Japan to Tokyo yesterday in San Angelo, Texas speaking. Please,
please try this on precise. What if religion was a valid survival mechanism that the priest be
based? Yeah, right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18th. Try it on precise,
yours. I think it's an extra load. Yeah, it's a little on the loose side. WQA, I'm hello.
Get beyond me. Take beyond me. Okay, good one. That was guilty. Take beyond me.
B.I. O.N. D.I. Can you handle that? B.I. I mean, why don't I have to spell all these? Guys, we don't know who they are.
You don't know who Dick B.I.D. is or was? No. You used to be a WWE, WWE Buffalo. I went to Chicago. I hear you say these
names like the hardest drivers, you know, the oldies. No, no, no, not like hardest drivers. That's obscure. These are well-known
radio personalities. You're saying, well, I was going to say you're in a radio business, but of course,
that would be a real stretch. I apologize. Okay, you've never been in a radio business. At least not in Miami.
Loky business. Yeah. I mean, is QA in a radio business? No. Not even close. Not even close. But we do have our
own lineup of all local shows, at least until whenever, at least during the week, right? D. Digital. We don't have
any piped in garbage or except me piped in from Toronto, but nonetheless, I'm talking about out of town
invaders. People that are syndicated in the 80 million stations, you have no idea where to
hell to find you people. I know where to find you. And I know I'm a other than South Florida, who's your
all-time favorite radio personality, Cousin, Brucey, 21, Wolfman, Jack's going to pass him like he's
standing still, baby. 21. Just what honor has got 21. Dick Burton, 10 people like Dick, Gene
Shepard, 9, Gulliel, Marconi, his show is fantastic, 9, big in Italy, big in the Vatican. Larry
Collins, 4 William B. Williams, 4, Morita K. 4, Daningham, 3. You see this thing starting to take a little
shape now, man. 111 votes. You see that? Yes, it. KCK-3 Bill Bailey, 2. Alan Berg, we finally got this
spelling correct. I don't know. He probably don't care. He's still dead. 2. Dick Clark, 2. Two people
like Dick. Oh, God. Do I hate him now like poison? Anybody who watches, voting for Columbine,
just hate the Clarkler. Harry Harrison, 1, Bob Lewis, 1, Bob Ballou, Arne Ginsburg, 1, Charles,
like Adera, 1, and Brother Weez, the Brother Weez, W-E-I-S-Z, how about WEEZ, WEEZ, OK, WEEZ, WEEZ, WEEZ, WEEZ, not, not
Weiss, Brother Weiss, man, like I said, smack him on the side of the head with a gigantic baseball
band. We're making with a giant instrument that was left behind. I think Black was the one that
Russia's got there on our website. That's the geyser. No votes yet for Brother Weiss, we
see if he McCarthy, Martin, Black Bruce Bradley, Jack O'Henerson also misspelled Alan Fried, Joel
Sebastian, Lee Allen, Farney Pip, or Dick Beyondy. I spelled it for you right here on
the air. B-I-O-N-D-I, Beyondy, B-I-O-N-D-I, I-I-I-I-I, got it? We got it. B-I-O-N-D, got it. God.
Spelling is not a great American virtue, and I got these two guys here to prove it. What, I'm not
spelling these. Oh, Josh is doing these. Like I said, Josh is a little...
I think typed directly onto the website if I copy it and then he copies it and then it goes to
the... No, that's three of them. That's what kind of mistake they have in there. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. This is the radio. This is the radio station. Yes, WQ-A-M.
Oh, the NEO. How are you doing? Pretty good. A-M, just wanted to comment.
Yeah. I think while I'm playing it, I'll join the presidential race as good, and I'll tell you why.
Yeah. I think once the Democratic nominee settled... Yeah.
Is this a radio? Sounds like you to me. This is a radio WQ-A-M.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm really... Once it's settled, I think they're just going to start talking more
moderately, either carry your Edwards, and moderately. Yeah, you know, they're just going to tone it down.
And... Okay, well, tone it down pal. Good idea. We're going to tone it down and...
Can I ask you a question? All right. Is this the radio? No, we're talking about that. We're talking about it.
We're talking about it. But it's what all we got left. Hey, listen, we got our own local lineup.
We got the Mad Dog at 2. We got the Humper at Chulas at 4. That's Hebrew Hang Hammer and the Hebrew Hammer
to you. 4 to 6. I heard Hank and Clarence yucking it up together on Friday afternoon. I was sitting here and
doing a little work, and I potted it up, and they were like doing little... Yeah. I remember really on a
hang-jive. That was... Yeah, I think that's what they were doing. 6.30, Panther, preview, 7 o'clock,
to Panthers at the Boston Bruins, man. Please beat those Bruins. Eddie K. Atten and Jo and Mark overnight.
By the way, Eddie Balfour has not planned on it against Carolina. He's just got a little back problem,
and it's just they lie so much, you know? Did I mention that Trevor Kid sucks? If your carpets look
like garbage right now, they even maybe smell not too sanitary. It's time to do something devoted.
That's right. Call my good friends and dry concepts. You know, a twice-dry effort is doing into a
real typical QM sales hole. For a little while, he actually had a little bit of promise, you know what?
And now he's just a do-nothing kind of guy. Kind of like Todd Dreck. Just refuses to do anything.
You better talk to somebody else about getting Josh hooked up with an internet connection,
because I'll never try and ever do it. Just like you'll never get me any copy. We'll never find
out about Katrina. We'll never get any answers to anything because Troy's too busy, you know,
chasing after a tale. Anyway, dry concepts is the best of the business and bringing your carpets back
to life looking brand new. I've been using them in my houses. Houses? For over the whole year. And you
ought to be doing the same. What? You said hoses. Houses, I said. I said it would get back to an accident.
Hoses, I was about going to the house. Anyway, they use only certified print technicians who will
dry clean your carpets. Just like the same idea is, dry cleaning your clothing. Nobody else in a world
does it, which is exactly the reason that nobody else can give you such great results. They give you a
written guaranteed price before they start the job. Know what scams, none of that per-room baloney,
no games, no rip offs, just a fantastic unbeatable job every time. Your carpets are drying a couple
of hours. They smell like a fresh and look brand new. You'll be amazed. You'd never dream of
calling anybody else again. And when you call dry concepts, be sure to ask them and put you
understand by list, which can save you an extra 15% off the already low price on that next
carpets cleaning. Call them today. You'll thank me for returning down to these folks. They're the best in the
world. Call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or if you want more info,
check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
They told the Santa like to throw it down and say,
they tried to wait for thousands of hours in the field. If you want quick take it and
show them it on the end.
K-O-N-I-T-N-4-3.
We're champions of baby-o-star. We're champions of baby-o-star. We're champions of baby-o-star.
We're champions of baby-o-star. We're champions of baby-o-star. You don't care.
Love a pretty 2-560. Where did you find this QMDJ thing? This is from a hundred years ago.
Oh well, the Boca Bride sent that to me.
Our figures. But this is cute. Look at this 10-client Leescher wood. Charlie Murdoch, Jim Dunlap.
Remember Jim Dunlap? I do.
He's a tiger.
Heal winners and of course our very favorite dear friend.
It's a lie. I am not, but not see.
Rick Shaw. See. Wow. From what year I wonder is this. We don't know.
I'm sure it's the mid-60s, mid-late 60s. Well, look at the songs that are on. This is the QMDJs
on the hit list. Wouldn't trade by the backslaves. I never heard that.
Feel fine. The Beatles. Why feel like the old days? What? The Kinks are on here all day all night.
All day all night. Yes, select 64, 65. As tears go by, Mary and faithful, Mr. Lonely Bobby Vinten.
Oh, the Polish Prince. Roses are red. Oh, it says right there. 65. You're right.
Where does this thing up a right hand corner? Oh yeah.
January 2, 65. Beginning January 2, 1965. 35, 39 years ago. And Rick Shaw still going strong.
It's a lie. I am not. I'm not.
How do you like that? Nice going to Rick. Hang in there, baby. By the way, magic sucks.
But in Rick knows that. Rick knows that. He knows that Hamilton guy. What's it got Bob Hamilton?
They ought to send his ass out of bust to Hamilton. I go down to take care of him.
Ford Hamilton. The fourth.
A rose in a baby roof. Jean Pitney. Gotta be strong. Barsher like Jean Pitney.
A lot. Supremes come see about me. Love potion number nine by the searchers.
Jan and Dean sidewalk surfing. Little off key, of course. Happy by my good friend, Steve
Elamo from Rochester, a Buffalo word. Hell, he was from Dan Stan Stan to Beach Boys. How
much does play that? I got it. Look at this Dan Stan Stan by the Beach Boys and down after
that run run run by the gestures. I never heard of the gesture. Do you? No. The kinks you got me.
The kinks. I'll be there. Jerry into pacemakers. Chad and Jeremy willow weep for me.
I'm capital records no less. Come come come by the Evelabrothers. Oh, we can't say that anymore.
We just take gone gone. No, it's not what is gone gone gone. Well, this is a bad copy,
perfect. I didn't do it on purpose all the way. We'll again come come by the wedding.
And hold on. What? Girl forgives by Bernadette Castro.
Not the sofa girl. So for what? The sofa queen. Queen?
I guess that's going to be the new bed. So far queen. Right. Speaking of queens,
San Francisco to reserve gay marriages. They'll keep handing them out to gay couples.
The city's nearest set as he defiantly pressed out of the controversial policy that is
dividing Americans. Nearly 3,300 same sex marriages have been performed already and they're
still performing it. In fact, state attorney general Bill Lockier of California said it would
be buff guard a governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's demand that he force an end to San Francisco same-sex
marriages calling the directive political rhetoric. The governor can direct a highway patrol,
it can direct the next terminator formal vehicle he chooses, but he can't direct the attorney general
in the way he's attempting to do Lockier said adding that Schwarzenegger's written directive was a
statement designed for consumption at the Republican convention. In a fast-fried night to the
home of Lockier a the governor wrote, I hereby direct you to take immediate steps to obtain a
definitive judicial resolution in this controversy. The message also said that San Francisco's actions
to wed gay couples present an imminent risk to civil order. Right. Lockier called that statement
preposterous and said it's the kind of exaggerated hot rhetoric that risked throwing people up to
commit hate crimes. Arnold was on there yesterday, of course, like I said before on Nader and was equally
ludicrous. And when he brought up that thing about Orange Snatch's bill make 20-year residents
I love to have a run for president. Always Tim if you will support me of course I would run,
Tim if you would subordinate, oh come on are we really that stupid in America? Are we really
that dumb already? Scary man it's a scary. That's why we're taking this one last gas today,
this throwback to radio back when your radio was worth something worth more than a dime. I'm
going to tell you Wolfman Jack would pass cousin Brucey like his hair piece flew off. Other than
South Florida people who is your all-time favorite radio personality, Wolfman Jack 34 he even had a
song done about him by the you guess who? We knew that would happen somebody's heard of him.
Cousin Brucey 24, Gene Shepherd 12, Gulyelvo Marconi's doing well, he's got 11, he'll be out tonight
to 8. You go Google. Dick Pertin 10, Scott Mewney 10, little Pumy Scott Mewney. We're going to be
cousin Brucey obviously. Yes from you. Yeah. Dick Pertin you know he's been on the show.
Right we got his Disney William. Larry Lujac you know we play Larry Lujac this. Those are the bits
that those are the names that I know. Casey Kason? Of course Casey he's not Maria DeKae,
have you ever heard of Marie Kaufman Maria DeKae? Alan Fried from history yes from history. Yes.
Okay these are national names. Alan Berg in fact you would have one I mentioned him to one
of guys shot and killed in Denver. Right but I didn't know his name. I just knew this guy in
Denver. The guy. Well Arnie Wilkinsburg you know just from you. Babaloo JPM McCarthy you heard of him.
The steel monitor the 161 votes. See I'm going to guarantee you by the time we get to two o'clock
today we'll have a won't have our usual phenomenal 800 a thousand votes at two o'clock but we'll
have enough on there that you would be you would we like to have by two o'clock when you finish
the show. Mr. Okay when you do your sensational polls on eating ass which we can't say
that lower can we yes we can. Dolce. Right kosher sure no five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty what are we doing the next half couples contest we do already have an entry and you
can you I guess they can sense the entries right we're going on oh sure I know we're going to do it
still we can just hang under the pictures until we do want to email your pictures we got a
night a very good one for our next contest contest at neorodgers.com now we back on the online or not
I don't know Aaron what do you mean you don't know well because I'm not listening on the internet
well that might as well be for all the input you're given one of these great names come on come
up with somebody come up with one I did I came over the guy in Denver that got shot and
Mark pony who's doing Gene Healy W.I.L.S. in Lansing I love Gene Healy nobody's gonna and how about Eric
oh yeah that was his name Eric oh when I used to listen to great radio I lived here so you
named all those names here's one that says from Mark I missed the first 45 minutes of your show
did you mention the announcement that jigs McDonald be retiring after the season
does this mean Jody would get the game finally get away from Moe well first of all after the
season there ain't going to be no season next season and after that if there's going to be any
Panthers I think is Harley dubious so I wouldn't get too carried away I didn't know that Jugs
Meister's retiring did you who are we just found out God James is you know he is what he is he's
okay I've been I've been a little harsh on the jigs Meister since he came to town but compared
to some of the other compared to a day van boring on his Marlin games oh man jigs is great
you got to booted out of this town very uncertainly in two years they wanted Joe Bowen back big
time we want Joe Bowen back baby I got news for a jigs you ain't no Joe Bowen believe you me when
I tell you that let's do some hockey talk let's get a rumor on there what do you say okay I'll
call it your makes the save probably skates by the fuck underneath them single he said puck by the
way that's my good friend Dick Riven Jr. too now the Islanders leading the Chicago Bosse again
and Denny pot that in the third very no no not to these pot fans spectrum the Rangers still ahead
of the flyers Danny to the ones leaves into the center ice area Maloney we're going it all to the
lot I know who that is of course the late and not so great Danny Gallivan highly overrated much
you all announcer center ice area always something like he was constipated let's see AC DC the
Dana Mime says don't forget one of the all-time greats dog tracked the grease man right well let's
put the grease man not gonna know dog tracked with me a second right right you know grease Manelli
the grease man he only got five what about ten million dollars he's had his run-ins he's had
his run-ins with the word police in Washington see so they were able to rip a studding John on
Howard sperm this morning all morning well that you know that'll get him by one day what are they
gonna do tomorrow see what I'm saying rip it again well maybe they're just gonna take the easy
way out and not talk about it they're gonna pretend to be that maybe that's the dictum for a
mill come on we could take the easy way out and not talk just they just won't talk about it but
what I will because I think the audience deserves especially our audience are right to know the kind
of chilling that's going on chilling it is chilling there is no such thing as free speech anymore
and so those of you who want to go out and vote for Bush again or real happy giving up all your
freedoms and giving up all your choices and having like four or five companies pop up every damn thing
in life I'll go right ahead or vote for our coordinator and be an idiot again you people to go out
there and vote for a native man trust me what I tell you you have to be you have been putting
in this silence somewhere let's get the straight jack a condition for that crowd that would be like
people a bit on Michelle Brainer on sorry Michelle she's a sweetheart I'm I'm sure she is I'm talking
about pomp at O'Park now right right hey let's talk about let's talk about the old drivers my good
friend Dick McCumber senior man he could drive one and Ted Taylor and Philly Puffinger and Tommy Wilburn
those radio that Alex Alex Winger drove fat rich sent to me and I told her this the night
a couple weeks ago the 40th anniversary program from pop at O'Park and they showed they showed the
leading drivers and trainers from back when they opened in 1964 pompino and boy did that bring back
some names it was scary it was shocking Frank out Frank Taylor Alex Winger nice going to Dick
Feinberg did a good job if you're looking for some excitement this is a place to get out to
pop at O'Park racing in poker fat Rachel said you who warmed up real big in the third race
cheer for your horse from the rail or enjoy fine dining in the top of the park restaurant on the
sixth floor as you watch the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida if poker is
your game then match your skills at pop at O'Park's fabulous card room you have to be over the age of
a hundred to get in though live racing in poker takes place five days a week including two day
Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday live racing begins nightly at 7.05 pm the poker room is
open noon till midnight every live racing day including two day coming up this Friday I don't
think so Troy I think this is the copy from last week I do believe yeah see Steve Wolf and Troy
both screwed up last Friday I missed the second one out of the hundred and twenty five thousand dollar
maclubelle trotting series and this past Saturday I missed the second one of the two hundred and
fifty thousand dollar alacopie pacing series and free prize drawings that were going along with
the two so two bad you weren't there last weekend but I'm sure there'll be some real good stuff going
on this weekend and I'm sure Troy Stratford that I was just talking about only moments ago you know Troy
I'm sure he'll get us a new copy before the end of the week because this is old and outdated really
still and embarrassing Troy it's kind of like you are sweetheart embarrassing man time to get
back to the dolphins do something that maybe you have a little bit of talent in doing because sales
work that ain't it easy to get the pop at O'Park it's just a half mile from both i95 and the turn
pack and it's like I said featuring free admission and free general parking for every day too for more
information and racing schedule if you want to find out by tourist dreadford still has this gimme
account call pompe to park at nine seven two two thousand or check them out of the web at pompe
to park dot com don't forget the poker room opens in noon in just a few minutes and continues to
midnight live racing two night seven oh five at prestigious pompe to park five at the local
big six five city
give a sh** anymore
no a day in the life of three baptists
hey fellas let's do something like this like how's about we go shopping like the camear
that's a good idea
we can't oh no because camearts doing a promotion on that there hercules movie put out by
Disney
I think I got it what let's go save the lost world that's a rassic dinosaur movie
oh that's a crime i mean
we can't because Jeff Goldblum's in that and he used to date Laura Duh
what there's always a baseball game i like baseball
we can't because the only game on is the Yankee game yeah so the snobranger didn't do nothing
yeah but they're playing the angels
well hey let's watch some tv and mbc's got third rock from the sun mbc's are out of watch
that we can watch it we can't
because third rock star John Liffke who was in that butthloose movie with Kevin Bacon who was in
that maral street movie the river wild and maral was in silkwood with share and Kurt Russell
and Kurt was in the computer war tennis shoes
Disney we can't
hey hey looking here in the paper
blue parry sign and autographs down at the record store
i'm not a little parry
we can't even think of the number no
wait a minute
we can't
no
because Luke was in the fifth element with Bruce Willis who was in diehard too with John
AIMO's from good time so he used to live next door to calvin
clank
oh
yep
oh looks like it's delivering again
oh black
probably it's still unknown mcgel won't be in this week because he's busy practicing for going
Wednesday to see the uh passion of christ he's passed on to jesus huh passionate about it
is he really no figures
anyway speaking of the fcc business and the excuse that michael paul and all these other
right wing nazis are making out that they're a crackin down most americans think the exposure
of jennidt jaxons right breast booby during the super bowl halftime show was crass but if you
believe it's a federal case this according to the a and p an associate a press pull on 54%
of those surveys and they thought that the actin would sing it just in tinkerbell snatched off
part of jaxons boost the interview her breast the millions of tv viewers was in bad taste
fifty four percent thought it was in bad paced which means the other forty six thought it was a
in good taste don't say it well only eighteen percent thought it was an illegal act which means
eighty two percent of america thought it was not an illegal act and it was no big timmis okay
the fcc is investigating whether the broadcast violated federal indecency laws
according to the pool conducted by the a p for the a p by ipso's public affairs the fcc ought to
spend its time on other things nearly eighty percent of respondents said it's a waste of money to
investigate i can see how parents would want their children to see it's a dianna forster a fifty
year old resident of nicklaus county no relation to but foster in the central part of Kentucky but
investigation is a waste of money sure it wasn't very nice but they're using our tax money for this
holy cow recent polling found a solid majority about three fourths who say they would support
strict rules on nudity and sexual content on regular tv channels regular tv channels
fcc not cable i guess i should probably be that thing again every day should not every day it's scary
almost half of the young adults between the ages of eighteen and twenty nine said the jackson
center was neither illegal or in bad taste they thought it tastes pretty good they like the tasty
right tata although it is pretty uh frightening to think that a little more than half eighteen
to twenty years must have said the opposite like well that was terrible don't do that again
because we can see it on the ill-sweb side anyway along with the uh very new to list them a lot
right right i mean forget about that thing we got more more that going on on your ruj's dot com
then you can shake your limit right we got the w ripping uh hillaries thing off
any russian surging again a enormous uh
suppositories oh god only knows where he's sticking out that's them it's therapeutic
it's uh and then don't forget that last supper thing that's a beautiful thing to man our website
is so good right now and you have eric to thank for it ice go in eric it's by the moving and all
the other important things that you have to do he is the best this week tamarack movie theater
super not having security to control on really retirees the signs on the box office window of the
tamarack cinema five import customers not to bang on the glass or make crude comments to employees
about ticket prices well what's the deli in sunrise where they have uh security guards because
the old june's go there every every sunday pumper nicks no no if it's not a restaurant it's a deli
oh what the hell's the name of that place it was a sponsor one upon once upon a time oh my goodness
i can't believe i forgot the name of that joint and if you could see they got like 15 ankle
paramedics that work in there because the old people are pushing them push cards and not
can each other down and just go and crazy in there oh wow it's a jujame in there on the weekend
it's it's unbelievable anyway you don't remember that place no the discount movie theater and tamarack
the manager described as patrons as the worst she's ever dealt with saying they're filthy
remarks leave employees and tears and you wonder why wolfies went out of business
the offending movie goers aren't the teenagers typically found milling outside theaters across
the country their senior citizens from the retirement communities surrounding the theater i
mcnav wrote that volatile combination of retirees and unruly behavior recently thrust the theater
in the middle of a nationally televised manslaughter case now the movie theaters owner and property manager
find themselves locked in a lawsuit over whether they should be held responsible for possibly
millions of dollars for retiree erving Rosenberg's death Rosenberg 74 lapsed into a coma shortly
after seamer seamer shot 69 hit him causing him to collapse and slime his hay then to ground
a la bobby actins authorities led to the seven-inch skull fracture Rosenberg suffered killed him
16 days later november 24 2002 the Rosenberg families attorney maintains the theater chose
profit over safety by fitting to have a guard or other security in place that night despite some
elderly patrons previous poor behavior and other assorted problems around the theater the theater's
negligence was so egregious that punitive damages are awarded side michael sobel the families
attorney the fact is clear the fact is that elderly patrons do not equate to crime no violence so
well said that's a totally false premise there have been many other incidents involving only
people in the movie line in the theater and in the plaza this particular act of violence was
foreseeable and could have been prevented through the most minimal efforts of the property owners
an attorney for the theater's owners and property manager called the claims against his clients
a joke kind of a sick joke if you ask me the whole thing yeah because we have a bunch of barbaric
old parts we have senior citizens in south Florida who behave like a bunch of animals man like a
bunch of crazy people just as George he went to the movie this week oh man crazy people yeah in the
wrong theater no way the wrong theater this ain't the movie we want to see let's go over next
door of course that war it's a big discussion the aka argument out loud while the movie is on by
the way of course and if they do stay in the theater then they're busy talking what did you just
say I can understand the sound it's clear that's a lot of idea speak more clearly I love the one
don't you love it when they're talking at the screen speak more clearly I can't
it kind of reminds me of my mother that day in her apartment I don't know when the last time
you've been to the movies is hard yeah but uh it ain't like it's soft ain't like the volume is
hard to hear you know what I mean as in it's deafening most of the time yeah and still they can't
hear it what is it girl's girl I love this well it's good a few more names on the
poll okay because I want to show you a finger to on his poll well don't show me that
wolf band jack 46 he's running away now cousin brucey 25 marconi's got 15 Scott
Mewley 13 Jean Shepherd 12 Casey case of 11 Dick Burton 11 Larry Doge a Lujak 10 Dick Clark
9 Marie the K 9 William Williams 9 Danny Rums 6 Bob Collins 6 Alan Berg 5 Alan freed 5
her boss Granderson 3 JP McCarthy 2 Bill Bailey 2 brother wee's 2 Greece man Greece man was
on wap and Jacksonville for about a hundred years don't remember the Greece man I remember the
story is about him wqm hello Alan Berg 5 Qam hey how are you doing pretty good how about
our Rick D's not Rick D's okay Rick D's DES can you have a DES
can't got it the ES yes Rick D's mm-hmm good good work wqm hello Neil yes sir how you doing pretty good
got a suggestion for your poll go ahead I wish it was somebody in South Florida because I would
nominate you but since I'm not really up to date I'm a lot of other people that are out there
I'd have to say Scott Ferell but he was just in South Florida like only a matter of months ago
yeah but he's not here now no that's that's not the question no we don't we just don't want
people at work in South Florida I mean he's not in South Florida and all he was in South
Florida 100 years ago but where I mean he's in South Florida radio personality say so you think
someone in South Florida not at all never worked here right that's a hard one I know I'll think
about it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 to you may an exception with cousin Bruce because nobody
knew him from South Florida the only place these people know of a Scott while they know him from ESPN
but primarily recently from QAM and like I said on Friday if you wondered why he got smith canna QAM
and now you're starting to see all the stuff with Michael Powell and you can't say this and you can't
say that and we're having to delete like over a hundred bits already and that's just for starters
from our DCS here so you won't hear a whole bunch of this though you won't hear tastes like a penny
no more I tell you that don't be hearing that baby or the old sofa king got it yeah or that or
for them or these or those because Michael Powell he don't like it
we're supporting you 5 6 1 2 row sectors from our
self
You are finally the true American version of the values that you do not confess to making the super supreme maker.
We have a deal with the fate of Jesus.
You will live between today and not as we do.
The last of these that won the best in my life.
The last of these that might not work for my state.
The last of these that will be.
You are finally the true American version of the values that you do not confess to making the super supreme maker.
We have a deal with the fate of Jesus.
You will live between today and not as we do.
The last of these that won the best in my life.
The last of these that might not work for my state.
The last of these that might not work for my state.
The last of these that might not work for my state.
The conversation going.
There you go.
Everybody else out there by extra girls scout cookies.
I'm going to.
If you don't like him, give him a way or throw him in the old dumpster.
But go out and buy extra.
Instead of being annoyed when he goes to publics and those pain in the ass people are...
See what bothers me is they get you coming and going.
If I can say that.
You go into the super market.
It's like, well, we have all the time as we can remember.
There are so many people going in and out.
We're sorry, but we harassed you going in and we're going to harass you again coming out.
See what I'm saying?
I don't like that.
But in this case, if I were there, I'd buy a whole bunch load.
I would just give much of something like homeless people in sunrise.
Or some cheap, old Yiddes.
In five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Other than South Florida, who is your all-time favorite, we're not doing making any interview.
I think you and I and Josh and just the three of us.
I'm not going to let me anybody.
We'll have to figure out the Alexa con.
Right, maybe both of Brian and maybe Eric.
Well, we can change it every five minutes just like the brothers do.
Keep it fresh and interesting.
The bit sofa king will be sofa queen.
Right.
I don't think it would even notice.
Let's say Gene Shepherd.
Now we already got Gene Shepherd.
Now they just got through reading.
Gene Shepherd's got 14 votes.
Oh.
I just got through reading that.
What about Gene Shepherd?
Who?
Dick Clark's got 10 William's 10, where the K9.
Dan Ingram's 7, Kimisabi.
The grease man's 7.
Bob Collins's 7.
Alan Berg 5.
Alan's little dead.
In Denver.
Herboscharanderson.
Hello again.
He's awful.
Three.
Dick Biodi, three GP and after that small potatoes.
Only two for Bill Bailey.
That's shocking to me.
I guess we don't have too many people from Louisville.
Huh?
Where'd they not?
Louisville.
Don't ever go to a race-way park until leader, by the way.
Not likely.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
I've got another name for the list.
Go ahead.
Tom Donnet used from San Francisco, from KSAN.
Okay.
And KMPX is pretty much the bad father of all the underground FM radius.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Tom Donnet, you got it?
Do I need to spell it for you?
Donnet.
Yeah.
Whatever.
How about Tom Clay?
Tom Clay from Detroit.
And Paul Winter.
Okay.
You know how to spell Winter?
As in some of you all spring.
Why?
This is the summer fall winter spring.
And Paul Winter and Tom Clay, two more great Detroit.
I'm out there in Detroit.
You're pretty much the bad father of all the underground FM radius.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Tom Donnet, you got it?
Do I need to spell it for you?
Donnet.
Yeah.
What about Tom Clay?
Tom Clay from Detroit.
And Paul Winter.
Okay.
You know how to spell Winter?
As in some of you all spring.
Why?
This is the summer fall winter spring.
And Paul Winter and Tom Clay, two more great Detroit.
And Detroit used to be the, um, used to be the epicenter of radio.
Yeah.
Back in the Motown Base.
And then what happened?
Uh, the riots of 67.
See, I do agree with Michael Moore on many, many things.
But I don't want to, I don't want to go there.
You know what I'm saying?
And how come he made us so scared of dark people?
You know, those, those little punks, you know, you're a little Cuban friends.
I would take a very serious baseball back to all of them.
Yeah.
Problem at all.
I'd like to turn your heads into like, uh, grapefruit.
Just squash them.
Make room for me.
Okay.
WDQM.
Hello.
Dup-pigeon.
M-O-T-H.
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, £5.
We'll have like a thousand names on this list by the end of the day.
Josh, wait a minute.
Let's do a little something.
I have to answer the phone.
Is there any free food there today?
No.
Josh brought McDonald's for us this morning.
Really?
Yes.
Well, I'll be damned.
Wasn't that nice.
Mighty white of it.
Probably trying to kill you.
Problem at us past noon at 5, 60, hey, listen, forget about McDonald's unless you're going to leave the bun off.
Now, when you go to McDonald's and Burger King, I don't know what you're going to do to the light spot here.
What?
I don't mean you go there, but I mean, just generally speaking.
I'm wondering if they have like, they call it an Ackins or a low carb or because they offer like,
Wendy's has been doing that for a long time, but you have to ask for it.
You don't see it on the menu.
The, um, Burgers atkins style would know bun and they'd like wrap it up and would like to let us around it.
And they put in a tinfoil thing and that's it.
And then of course, Subway's got those little, uh, the rats.
I know we don't go to Subway either, but it would just be nice if more people would do that.
Wouldn't it?
Or, or not.
Get fat and die.
Who cares?
I already am there.
All right.
Anyway, if you liked that piece of fan here on one of those low carb sugar-free diets,
here's a story that you're going to fall in love with because they're going to give you the variety to stick with it.
The lights of West Boker, the number one low carb store in America,
more and more South-Law-Bedding's are flocking there every day because they realize that what's going to keep them on at the
die of the various, the low carb deal is something with some taste because all of the low carb diets generally speak-
The kids I'm telling you arrive in Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom 40.
Want to you buy the Oxy-5 Company's newest acne medication, Oxy-Law-5 for simple free teenagers.
It's so true.
There must be a little quicker on a tape, boys.
That's a good show.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down.
Record stories are showing up.
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the charts.
At number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitarist, flash and his chord works.
Stay the hell away.
At number two, you will who assist.
There eat no living in a perfect world and especially not for you.
You reason't you don't speak proper English.
And at number one, George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razer.
I won and lose that.
And at number one, George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razer.
I won and lose that silly ass theory.
Under song, John the Judge, the bad.
Low-carb gas.
Oh, I thought that's what you got from the low-carb diet.
A lot of gas.
Oh, I got some bad news.
Ready?
I'm ready.
Patrick MacSurley, an oak Hindu, a hockey player, Marty MacSurley, who lacked Donald Brashear on the side of the head.
Patrick MacSurley, one of the most outspoken victims in the clergy's sex abuse scandal, was found dead early Monday and Boston, as lawyers said.
MacSurley, 29, a victim of defrocked priest John Gagan, had been one of the most vocal critics of the Boston Arts High.
He since the sex abuse scandal first broke two years ago.
He often appeared at news conferences called by his attorney, Mitchell-Gerabedian, and criticized the Arts High.
She's for shuffling abuse of priests, including Gagan, between parishes, rather than removing them from positions where they would have contact with children.
The Arabian city received a call from Boston Police early this morning, informing him that MacSurley had died.
The Arabian wouldn't come and would cause the death, saying not all members of his family had yet been notified.
Patrick MacSurley was the loving son of a caring father.
He wrote a victim as a third-year sex abuse hero, and said, MacSurley had a troubled life.
He was arrested on drug charges in July, less than a month after he nearly drowned, after falling into a nepotent river.
Boston Police wouldn't immediately confirm her story.
He's death, but a spokesman said they responded to a call of a body found in an apartment in Boston's north end early Monday morning.
So there you go.
Nice going, Father Gagan.
The only problem is, he already paid for it.
Father Gagan, he's still dead.
That's the good news.
And the public sits back and they're all going to run out there to see the passion of Christ, which will be a nice job of deflecting.
Talk about the one who would taught a dog, ragging a tail again or however that goes.
Take the attention to the spotlight off all this crap that's flaring up again.
Oh no, we don't care about that. We want to go see all about Jesus.
All the good Catholics go there and rub your rosary beads and take all your smotters and your miters and your wafers and your wine.
Have a good time.
Right.
All these ridiculous fairy tales that the world is just obsessed with.
Here we got a country that's been taken over by a venture born again in lunatics, right winged fanatics who want to take away every kind of freedom.
Who I'll impose on you, all of their narrow, myopic view of life.
We want to take us back into the dark ages and are doing a very damn good job of it already by the way.
And anybody in the inner right mind wants to give them four more years?
Oh.
Like I said, the operator part of that sentence being in the right mind.
No.
Shame on you Ralph.
Later you scumbag.
You know, even his friends at the nation had an article in there imploring him don't 27 and Wolfman Jack like I told you 66 as in 660 WNBC.
And we're WNBC?
I've heard of it.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
How did you just just the course of my life?
I don't want to sound like an old funny dirty even though I am but nevertheless watching what's happened to this business.
Watching what's happened to your radio man that instrument that used to be so enjoyable so much fun so much a companion so much a part of everybody's life.
And if these Nazis now have their way, whatever shows you enjoy forget about over the air on television for on a cable.
That's where they want to get at next.
That's where they want to get their claws into next.
I got a muscle heavily.
Hello, this is Michael Powell, son of Colin Powell who helped us send me to this lofty position through certain political favors.
I'd like to take this moment to talk about the feel that we hear on the radio airways and some day I might even terminate the whole hunt and hear it myself.
So I announced from this moment on all radio broadcasters other than clear-tattle corporations not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty, lawards and givers of life.
Fuck me sonny.
We'll be stripped naked and medically sewn together by Dr. Laura Mangalok to a Jewish child.
I urge you to stop this center field, this basic paid for by other wary publicans and the Nazi mal movement.
I was speaking of Phil Thalusimalano, a stark naked on our website today.
She's our featured nude celebrity.
She looks about nine years old.
Oh, she's about nine, like I said.
But she's got big boobies for nine years old.
Yeah.
Oh, and here's something that probably most people will care about.
I just mentioned this in passing.
Now the WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a little pissed off at this neater guy man.
Yeah.
Why is he sticking his nose again in there and just messing it up for all of the Democrats?
Because he's got a big fat ego is what he's got.
I feel like putting my hands on his tube and just grabbing them by the head.
Yeah, okay good go ahead.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Online one, which always responds, doesn't it?
No.
Like I said, the hell with him.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I got five for you, Liz.
Okay good.
Ha ha ha ha.
