I'm going to get George's perfect for you.
He did.
For free.
Close it up.
Why the... you bastard.
Hey, dance, everybody.
All right, Tom.
Everybody get around.
The Gandhi man's here.
What kind of process do you want?
Sitting, loving, anything you want is wrong.
Because it's non-violent.
You come for the right man.
They pass.
I'm the Gandhi man.
Boop the organize of boycott.
For the other chicks.
For the other chicks.
For the other chicks.
You come for the prey.
For the other women.
The Gandhi man.
For the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
For the next is it.
We love and next is the love of man.
Boop the spot.
You're done.
Just fall.
We're given what the trees.
Boop the spot trees.
Boop can make his own clothes.
Not afraid to pause the scene.
The Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
Oh, the Gandhi man.
Oh, the Gandhi man.
Oh, the Gandhi man.
And for the next is it.
We love and next is the love of man.
The Gandhi man.
Consent.
That's irrefrizen.
Marble them to six and Asians.
All the other religious persuasions.
But a very few more Asians.
Absolutely.
Boop can really save the beauty.
We can really take a punch.
We can take a punch.
We can fast without the dinner or the breakfast or lunch.
The Gandhi man.
Oh, the Gandhi man.
Boop the Gandhi man.
Oh, the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
And for the mix is it.
We love and next is the love of man.
Next is the love of man.
Yes, the Gandhi man.
And for the mix is it.
We love and next is the love of man.
Boop the Gandhi man.
Oh, and the orcending of SF resistance.
You're the best of the world I say.
All right, I will
Can't keep a good gandy down. I'll clear that right now 10. Oh three at five sixty WQM. Happy Friday May 14
Man, oh man. You missed the QM ratings party last night from what I hear was a real
Last yeah, there's a hoot. Harry Sarner was there smoking and drinking drinking and smoking not eating that tray food
I'm sure I don't know we all have witnesses about that the bad news is that he got back safely from New York
That is plain didn't crash well. We wouldn't want to play the crash because a lot of innocent people would have died
Probably not a good people right, so we'll find some other way for Gary. I'm sure
So if you're answered all your questions that you were asking during the open there does he really he does and
And wait he's got a water over to the microphone. That's a long trip for him. Come on. Let's go a Q ball
Joe's out here because Goldie has his charity golf event today Joe is hanging out with Goldie. Yes
Maybe he read the hero this morning. Maybe Goldie was there last night. Those two are pretty damn tight
I'll tell you that they are Joe Rose and Kelly man. They're joined at the
Yes me okay number two and Hank is at the preckness. No, I know that
I know that
No, I wasn't asking you a question. I was just a babbling okay, sorry, but why do we have time jick on here because Eddie K
Is gonna be doing a hang slot?
By the way, Dave Johnson will be called at 11. We'll give you the winners in the preckness again. Just like I did in the Derby
But
But why do we have time jick on here? Is that the best we can do and why did we have the big oh
On this morning. Oh my goodness with Moe and the big O that is painful. What's the answer for that beast?
Look he doesn't have one the Olo show
Isn't one Omo enough
I'm a home man anyway, let's cut the crap
Sunset will has a nice error under sports section today at least on their website
I don't know about it in the newspapers says sharks and flyers when playoff series game three. Yeah
I'd actually went to bed. I didn't watch the rest of very boring sharks
Calgary flames game last night sharks won't bring nothing but
The flyers did not win game three they got beat by Tampa Bay very soundly four to one they got walloped nicely nice go on lightning baby
So here's the Sunsettle once again showing their ass to the world we'll have time jick on tonight at
10 o'clock right after the marlins game at St. Louis
It'll be filling for Eddie Kaye who's filling for Hank who is not gonna be on because Joe Rose was a gildys golf tournament
So gildy wasn't gonna be on so we had the big instead what a mishmash man
That's one of the problems with this radio station is that nobody ever knows who hell's gonna be on
What's your number one complaint? It was our poll question yesterday probably should have put that in there too
What the hell is the lineup of QA?
It's the only station in America that's got you can pencil in the lineup
1971 votes. What's that all about pretty heavy duty total wouldn't you so?
Especially for this time of year when there's nobody in town as we discovered yesterday
Number one complaint bushes destroying America 984 votes on that I'm not getting enough sex to 121
I'm getting older and it sucks 131. I'm as fat as a cow and can't lose weight
99 tell me all about it. Nobody's spitting glaze in Miami 93 loss of heart sounds on the O'Rodger show
69
My wife isn't bisexual 68
South Florida driver 65 the American media sucks 55 and we know that's
Correct
I live in Florida 47 pretty bummed out about that mohawar David had still on the year 46
My boss is a pull 33 how about my bosses an emotional cripple
That's the case here at Q.I.M. Our bosses an emotional cripple who needs his we teaming out to calm him down this morning
Muff is in their spoon feed into him right now. Come on Greg have another come on
Come on. Here you go. This will calm me down
Give me some doggy downers, okay
Man what an emotional cripple. What a lunatic I have no life get a life Greg
dog me the homeless voice 18 OJ Simpson is still free 15
It's too humid spelled with one oh one oh I don't know why
10 the child support system eight the mommy herald five and giant mosquitoes biggest bowling balls only four are worried about that
So it is a little bit you scratch you make it bleed all that other stuff and then of course you wind up with West now virus and you have all sorts of horrible things happen
Speaking of things happening very jackass writes in a heraldous morning
He says WQM is considering appearing Steve Gellie Geldstein with Joe Rose a to ten a.m. Weekday speaking of joint of the
Mass
Currently team with Howard David at five to 8 a.m. Goldstein said he's speaking with Panther officials about the team's vacant radio play by play job
All right, let me just can I interject one thing about jugs McDonald?
There's another one with no like get a life jugs, okay?
Quick email into Rimmer all kinds of rumors are Neil is ripping you and how come you're going to lunch with him because I'm buying
That's why which I did all of the goodness is rumor only had a bowl of basketball soup because they didn't have his kishki
Yeah, so I lucked out and he actually reached for where his wallet was supposed to be
Oh, I don't think it was really in there. You really thought you saw his own move so grow up jugs
Okay, and quit being a dotting old fool like like Mo Howard David
All right, you already retired just sit back enjoy life go out and play some golf bottle around
Anyways, as meanwhile WQM is considering rehiring Joe Costello to work on Howard David's morning show wow poor Joe
The Mojo show
The station fired him in co-host Mark Eisenberg from their late night gig earlier this year when internet picture surface of them fully
Closed with naked women WQM studio writes very jackass
Indianapolis sportscaster Dave Benz
Formally of whammy 69 and Miami remains suspended indefinitely by the station yesterday after helping the heat marketing department
Can access to the cult locker room at the at the Indianapolis motor speedway
Of course he wants work once upon a time works for whammy do you have any idea who that is?
Whammy no got it sucks. So that's the yeah, huh beast does
Who's the day Benz?
He was on their sports desk show I heard he does the deep knee Benz
This is what I heard nobody cares about him. Okay, nobody cares about whammy no speaking English
They're anymore either another one of those stick stations
So that's the latest on that that was our pull result. That's the very jackass column
Which much you do about nothing we like Joe Costello a lot. That's all I'll say about that
We'd like to have him back on here. That's all I'll say about that as far as him working with more well
You know, I wouldn't wish that on Hitler, but
It's a paycheck. No, right to pay
As far as guilty being out with Joe Rose
I'm a little bit skeptical about that because even though I know they just love each other like crazy
Joe did just great that last book he had a 5.3-year-in-8 o'clock hour a 5.3-year-man in the 9 o'clock hour in other words
No matter how you figure it he did a 5.3 had a big book nice going Joe little dog blockhead
So why would you again? Why would you tinker around when you got a guy that's doing so great?
How about just signing the contract with a guy and putting him on a payroll? That would be good Greg and other
Necess leave the hell alone quit quit dittling and dittling and dittling man
He just never leaves that enough alone. Then we just have a great book. What the hell's the problem?
Just leave it alone already put Joe on there with Mo and then leave a gildey go do the Panther games
Let's gildey go hang out at Jugs house
Which I think that's a good idea by the way
I'm here in rumors about how much money gildey is making you what I don't dare tell you even off the year
I don't you would you'd never be the same again whatever
No, no
You would not say well. I'm used to it now trust me all right
We got behind the media curtain today Lisa Bonay see she's not one of my favorite looking people. I'll say that
Never less what she think she was born November 16
1967 if you got 75 pieces of ID you can take a look at it right there behind the media curtain on the Arrangers dot com
Which I'm sure many of you have already because you're really desperate. I have no like Greg you're saying I have no right
She was born in San Francisco. Did you know that now you do?
She's also sometimes credit is Lisa Bonay
Remember Bonay Moroni no and sure fat Fanny
No Lisa Bonay. I don't think we can even say that Lila Koi moon. We certainly can't say that and Lila Koi with a Q.O. I. S. like Eric. Koi moon
Did you know that no
Yeah, and every now and then once in a while she's credited as talk alone. Yeah, that too
Some of her movies some of her great work Viker boys
Latham a heaven
High fidelity enemy of the state dead connection. Oh, yeah dead connection. We know about that new Eden
Bank robber a different world Walt Disney celebrity circus on TV angel art the Cosby show
Oh, yeah, I remember she was on a Cosby show and I didn't even watch the Cosby show
And then not not that big of a deal anyway, so there she is she's on our website if you're really desperate
Just keep your hands under the above. I mean above the table under your knees
Now we gotta do the break
Got a lot of heavy duty stuff here today here's today's pull question
I don't there was something I inspired me to do this. I don't know what it was. I don't think we ever did this one exactly this way
I don't know. No, we just recently did the one about the worst non
the worst
Chain non fast food remember that that was the last food thing we did I think years ago
We did something along these lines. Well, let's do it again now. Why not they all forgot because it's a list. Oh, no
God, oh, yeah, Jason's not there and poor is it Sean?
It's Sean poor Sean and is the beast gonna be hanging in there or what?
He's a hovering he's hovering as long as there's food gonna be coming around the beast will remain
Rumor I'm hearing is that he sucked up lots of food at that party last night. That's what I'm hearing
We all day. He's a serner told me my good close personal friend Gary serner who's a schmuck
Here's today's pull. What's the best sit down no fast food restaurant and software today?
We're not talking about restaurants from a hundred years ago the famous. We've done those a million times open today open for business
The best sit down no fast food. I put down roots Chris
That's what I started with and then when it can be any category
We're not gonna like while steak houses on Monday and Italian on Tuesday. That would be ridiculous. Although something to think about
1013 at 560 WQM, you know, Vulm is TV
But it's not just pedestrian ordinary regular TV. It's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver
The picture is so clear
It's like reaching in there and you can almost touch these people that quantities like comparing the latest DVD to a scratchy old Thomas Edison flick
Viac what is it? Vulm say Viacom Vulm is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver
And of course the remote and whom's got over 30 channels
Absolutely of HD programming here watch ESPN and high definition that three times more than you get from cable
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV even your local channels to and again
We apologize for those whom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment
They've even got exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company
So with Vulm you get everything you've got now plus all these awesome high definition channels
They're awesome call Vulm today for a limited time offer 1 866 848
8666 the special offer includes free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment operands May 31st
They better get with it call toll free 1 866 848
8666 or check them on the web at Vulm.com
My life and local
This is 420560
The Roger Scott
All right
Let's abuse the more prisoners
Only then scream nice loud
Get me some wires and a factory pack I don't care if they from my rack to be used used to the torture
Cause they're just playing their game in the past
It had to be worse with Saddam who say
1017 at 560 W.A.M. now somebody's lying
We'd want to suggest that your government would lie to you because that would make you very cynical and we don't want you to do that
That would be bad you got to believe everything your government tells you they would never lie they're good people
They're there because they want to take care of us they want to work for us take care of our business why would you doubt that?
But somebody's lying because diplomats emails show that Nick Berg it was in custody
A U.S. diplomatic official in Iraq told a family of slain American Nicholas Berg that he was being detained by the U.S. military when they lost contact with him for several days in early April according to emails provided by the family yesterday they got the emails there they are right there
U.S. government officials though have said Berg who was found dead last weekend and bagged that was detained by a Iraqi police and was never the custody of American forces
Oh, look at lie to me
How do you like that?
So who do you believe you believe your government? No only if you're a moron only if you're a total moron
He has believed them and kidnapped within days of his release by either a Iraqi police or coalition forces and later be headed by militants who videoteye this line as we all well to know bad
To back its claims that Berg was in U.S. custody the family showed the associated press an April 1st email from Beth A. Payne the U.S. consular officer in Iraq who said
I have confirmed that your son Nick is being detained by the U.S. military in Mosul he is safe he was picked up approximately one week ago
We will try to obtain additional information regarding his detention in a contact person you can communicate with directly the email said
And two emails later that day Payne wrote that she was still trying to find local contact for the family
Berg's brother David Berg called on the government to come clean about its contacts with the slain American before he died
The family has blamed the government for keeping an custody for too long while anti-American violence escalated in Iraq
In other words he could have gotten out when it was good but they didn't let him because they were holding him and now they say we didn't have him
Well if they never had him how could they have offered him that free ride home
That was their story a couple of days ago now they're saying they never had him in custody
Right right are you doubted again yes because your government lies to you Democrats lie Republicans lie in the pendants lie
Ralph Nader lies the green people of the lie the purple people that lie
All the lies all the time am I right absolutely you lie yeah you bet
Just like if I were to tell you that I work for like a real radio station oh man that wouldn't be that would be like a sick joke not a lie
Now speaking of sickness New York Post today there's all kinds of stories the new inquiries out to you please know that
We got the MS on the John Bonet killer who committed suicide the real killer now that what's his name what is his name
Daddy he's running for Congress of Michigan. Oh I better. Did you know that Don Boney I have no idea
No, uh, Patsy and John Ramsey and that is me I guess I don't know is I'll decide out of mind I haven't even talked about them a long time
We want to apologize in fact you ought to apologize because you've been playing at nasty
My dad like the old girl he may take when he's time the other day
See now come to find out that the real killer is committed sausages says the inquire and the inquire don't make mistakes very often
But we'll get to that eventually
Iraq's feared Abu Ghraib jail was one big sex romp sometimes by candlelight with an audience watching US troops said yesterday
Your girlfriend she was real busy
Sex and booze were commonplace and soldiers frequently set up candlelight rooms for voyeuristic sex shows
And a soldier who served at the no to set a soldier served the notorious prison there were lots of affairs
There was all kinds of adultery and alcoholism in all kinds of crack going on
Said Dave Bachelet National Guardsman with the 870th Military Police Unit who returned home from Abu Ghraib last month
There was a bed found in one of the abandoned buildings
There was a mattress on the ground they had chairs all circled around it and candles all over the place said Bacheletting
The chairs were obviously for an audience
Maybe Alex Bennett was there they had a live studio audience
The soldiers said the ex-rated liaisons that the prison were made easier by its maze-like layout
And that other troops frequently turned a blind eye to what their pals were up to
One of the female soldiers supposedly had sex in a gangbang said Terry Stowe and MP from California
From time to time things like this would happen a gangbang
The what's Virginia they did it all turn
News of the shocking sex campaigns in the controversial lockup come as a friend of disgraced reservist Lindy England
Lashed out in her defense yesterday saying tapes of her having sex in the prison were personal to her and her boyfriend with whom she is in love
Right
Congress members have viewed shocking new pictures of you some Iraqi jails that England appeared in a sicko video
Having sex in front of prisoners at Abu Ghraib and that she was stabbed in graphic sex acts with other US soldiers
But one family friend insisted the race of your service had sex only with their boyfriends
Specialist Charles Grader one of six others from the 370 second military police company facing charges for the abuse and that the pair are madly in love
He said the ex-rated tapes have been taken from their foot lockers
We were all amazed by this you only had sex with him said Kenny Flanagan was known England since childhood
The pregnant England who's now stationed at Fort Bragg North Carolina made greener 35 of divorce father of two
Shortly before the Paris Merlin based unit was posted to a rack
Now this particular article my own thing
Grader is charged because there's more I've already smirked it but I'm gonna dig it out of the trash
The one about the inquirer story because it says that she is pregnant but very likely not by him
You follow that?
Yeah well I have a gangbang
Maybe they were having like a little Sodom e and they could have a more a povichou just telling her
What's wrong with a little Sodom e you know Osama wouldn't but Sodom light
A
Grader is charged with overseeing numerous abuses of Iraqi prisoners in appears in several photos of the on-private living at humiliated Iraqi captives
Another soldier involved in the scandal
Specialist Jerry Jeremy civets told army investigators Grader would mock the detainees and brutalize them
The LA Times reported last night in one incident he allegedly punched the detainees so hard he knocked them unconscious
His eyes were clothed he wasn't moving civets was quoted as saying afterward Grader shook his fist and said
Damn that hurt the report said
Civets who the paper said is expected to plead guilty at a court martial proceeding next week
Also disputed England's claim that she was ordered to post for the snapshot that shocked the world
One picture showed her holding a naked arachement on a dog leash and in the others she shown making thumbs up signs in front of a pyramid of naked arachement
And pointing at the genitals of a naked prisoner civets said England was laughing at the different stuff that they were having the detainees do
He also shocked down her claim that the soldiers were ordered to abuse the prisoners and said Grader warned him not to tell a higher ups about how they were being treated
Our command would have slammed us of it said
New photos and videos revealed by the Pentagon to lawmakers in private viewing Wednesday showed attacked off sterling at
Counting prisoners Iraqi women forced to expose their breasts and naked prisoners forced to have sex with each other
I better get the other one out of the trash
Because you I'm sure one here a lot more about Linda England and all the people she was allegedly banging
But
MSNBC reports photo may show intelligence officers in charge
So in other words somebody again may be lying here I realize that's very hard for you to stomach because most of you folks aren't used to having people in charge people in authority people with uniforms aren't lighty like police and military government official things like that
Right
Abusive treatment of the supervision of military intelligence officers may have been intentionally used as part of the interrogation of Iraqi captives at the Abu Ghraib prison according to a previously unpublished photograph of US soldiers and other personnel obtained by NBC news have you seen this one it's on our website
No go there
The photograph was taken during the interrogation of several Iraqi prisoners who are depicted naked in a heap on the floor
According to a military police officer who faces a court marshal in connection with the alleged abuses at the notorious facility on the outskirts of Baghdad the officer again it's Charles Granger of Green County, Pennsylvania is leaning against the wall in the photograph which is provided by his attorney Gus Walmac
Granger identified four other soldiers in the photo labeled number is four five seven and eight in the copy of the provided NBC news as military intelligence officers when we said we're in charge of interrogation at the prison a civilian translators level number two and Granger is number one
The involvement of military intelligence officers encouraging abuse of detainees is emerged as a central question of the burgeoning scandal
Representative John Murth the Democrat of Pennsylvania said last week that Granger had his photo taken with prisoners as proof that military intelligence officers force him to take part in the abusive behavior
And it goes on and on you can read the entire it's a very long story like nine pages okay long story
But there's the picture okay which I'm sure that most people are much more interested looking at the picture right where is it and it's nothing and not really a big deal because you just see these guys all hovered around they got numbers on their backs
Oh yes that's it look it's there
Twenty six we'll get this a name so to pull here we'll get that thing going in a while when we're good and ready okay we get around it like line nine is first here QAM
Hello I like to talk to Neil speaking I ain't you know what's up I won for your poll for my graduation dinner last year we went to a cast of the Angelo it was marvelous
We sat right at the camp next to us was a Valerie Burr and Victor Cosloff wow so what do you got I pooh right in my pants
And so today that's why we got him off the team
Okay, okay, okay, okay 27 after 10 at 560 WQM buying a mattress can be so confusing so many brands different model names that are restored almost impossible to compare plus all those
Fony sales false promises strings intense in other words lies again everybody's lying you really have to read the fine print
Which is why dial amateurs is so amazing because it's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress when you call one 800 mattress you get the best prices on the best brands
With your delivery on your schedule when it's convenient for you and the best customer service in the business why would you want to shop any play sales
dial amateurs won the 2004 better business bureau local for its award for excellence because they were harder than anybody else who earn your business before during an act of the sale
When you call one 800 mattress and talk with one of their expert vetting consultants you can rest assured you can bet Greg's life on it
That you're getting the best possible mattress and deal all the way around choose from a complete line of silly sort of Simmons King Coil
temper pitting even stirons and foster you it
The auto mattress takes same day orders all day long from kettle to steward from Ojas to wish for me from Palm Beach to Ford Myers
So call one 800 mattress right now and you pick the date into our living window you want that mattress delivered and guess what they'll be there
They're on time 99.7% of the time believe you me I've been buying my mattresses from these folks for years and once you do it the first time
You'd never slept to those betting and departments doors again give them a call one 800 mattress or log on to mattress.com
Dial amateurs 1 800 MATTR ES the only smart way to get you a great night sleep for years to come
I'm a local this is 560 the radio's on your
Q&A
I have no life
I'm not running
You replace the
For
Grab
To
Revenge or
I
Rack
Or something that we know they did not do
Push a
Mara Nazi
Occupation
Here
Like
You only thought
A quarter
Look what we see
Oh my God
I'm in a
So many
See
I like that
We'll die
I've been heard like
Rubber on
A matter they got
I
I
Pept 32
560
Okay let's get some names for this pool because I did dig the start of the trash you're going to want to read about this national disgrace and the national
Enquirer about your girlfriend Lindy England you want to hear this all right twice okay?
Okay, what's the best sit down no fast food restaurant software today?
Now I will say this you can put just about anything on here. You're like but don't be putting on like red lobster for example
If somebody calls in and says that are we putting that on it? No because that would be an insult
That he heard everybody's taste well, you know you know I'm talking about yeah got some smart asses out there
5 6 7 0 5 60
On a 18 t and 10 Verizon line line nine again Q a.m. Hello. Yeah good morning. Meal. Are you sure?
Okay, I want for you pole it's the sage cafe on federal highway in Fort Lauderdale. It's consistently good the French restaurant
But it's not too French and the food always comes out hot and everything is well prepared and delicious excellent
Thank you. I believe there. Thank you so much. Okay. That's it. I guess we're not going to get any calls on this
I'll just go to my stuff but we can just have two or three names on a pool
That'll be fine with me. I really don't care. Then Ruth Christian get all the votes
In fact, they have all of us right now. There's only two names on error three. Oh
Joe now how did the word Joe Stone crabs come from how that's naked on there? Basin?
What an idiot
What a what an absolute
Butlerker why you got to eat a free meal or something?
Now I love it there. I waited four hours to eat there. I love it there
What is this the Josh Darrow just what what is this?
What in God's name is this free cancer screening day really free
I
Don't understand this is this man lost is and here's a whole release on this a whole plus a pro plus release
Plant parent of the South Palm Beach and Broward counties will offer one day of free reproductive cancer screening
Two they may 18 for unentered men and women in Broward residing in Broward County
Residents can go to any of the three plant parent at health centers and four lottery Alpembera Pines and Tamarack for testing the fourth health center
And Boko also operated by the local plant parent of the affiliate will not be included in the software
So I even mentioned it the three and four lottery Alpembera Pines and Tamarack what is with this Josh Darrow man
This kid is just just a lunatic an accident away into happen. What do you been doing to him beast that we can still say on the air?
WQ I am hello
Pretty good
I want to talk about the restaurants. Yes, sir. What do you got?
Canyon over on sunrise of federal over by the beach not too far from sage
Canyon one other
Hello, get out of here. See with one other. I'm gonna have one. What is the best? How can there be one other?
I'm not no I'm not playing that game today. I mean maybe sometime in the future like met Monday and not today
What is the best if you were gonna have like one meal and take like somebody very important like a hot date or like a
prospective boss or just somebody you know good friend
Life
Well, I'm sorry good friend. I said
What's the best sit down no fast food restaurant software today? Not just name a bunch of restaurants, okay?
We play that game way too many times on this show
Absolutely WQ a. Hello
Q a.m. Thank you WQ a.m. Hello
Ruben's cafe. Where's that?
It's on commercial and
Federal highway a rubber cafe
I'm federal and I mean commercial and a one. I'm sorry a rubber cafe a rubber. Yes
It's right on the water. It's excellent and your buddy eats there who's that?
You know oh this idiot. Oh forget about that. That's Ruben Jones
5 6 7 0 5 60 I thought it was him and I thought I was actually seeing the name of a place
Don't even put it on there. Okay. Don't even dignify him with a response
WQ a.m. Hello. Yes, I have an entry for the poll. Yes sir. Go ahead
My suggestion would be to use
Mamba Jamba with the Latin American cafe
That one in western and one in coal springs in there if fabulous the presentation is good
Not just the lump of beans and rice. They're really good. I hate a lump of beans and rice
Well, it certainly beats that
Is it mom? Mamba Jamba M.A. M. at B. O. J. A. M. B. O. Right got it. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a week in
Mamba Jamba Shane soldier and prison love child scandal
Is one of the prisoners the father of the child she's carrying? This is in the inquire
No
The female
The female US soldiers become a symbol of the church already racks oboe grade prison is also the center of a shocking love child scandal
Oh my god
PFC Linda England 21 show-and-potograph smiling and pointing at naked Iraqi prisoners worked at the prison to be a close to
Or lover specialist Charles Granger who's thought to be the father of the child she's expecting but
There's a big button there, okay?
Welcome don't say it but sources of told the inquire exclusively that there's speculation among guard serving at the
Prisoner she may have had sex with an Iraqi prisoner and he could be the father of her child
On May 7 England who is more than four months pregnant was charged by the military with
Assaulting the detainees conspiring to mistreat them
Meanwhile Granger was said to have run a supervising the brutal treatment of Iraqis as well as posing himself in a
Dominating attitude over prisoners forced into humiliating positions
When England was present they delighted and sexually humiliating Iraqis while carrying on hot love of her themselves a military source told the inquire
Other guards say they often sneaked off that section
It seemed to fuel their delight in pushing naked Muslims to tears desperation and near insanity
They talked about being engaged but no one was sure that that was true after sex in the prison barracks
They'd returned to humiliate naked prisoners. He sneered at their distress
She took her cues from him. They were both amused at her treating a prisoner like a dog leading him around on a leash
There was a strong tinge of aronuses and underlying their cruelty they were getting off on this stuff
But they were shocked when the scandal broke back home and just when they thought things couldn't get any worse
She told him she was pregnant and being sent back to the U.S. of A
They many of the prison guards were breaking the law and convinced they were getting away with it
One of them was known to be having sex with a female Iraqi prisoner who wanted special favors
There were also questions of whether England was having sex with an Iraqi prisoner who could be the father of the child
She's caring she definitely had an eye for some of the better-looking guys being let around naked
She had an eye for the good-looking Iraqi guy
Satan so Lindy England who was married in divorce before she was 21 real trailer trans
Worked at a chicken processing plant in West Virginia
He wanted to attend college to become a meteorologist. It's the weather lady
Grinas friend and union town PA neighbor Tom Zavada told the inquired Charlie spoke to my daughter about two months ago
And told her that he and Lindy were planning on getting married
Charles and Lindy decided to wait and see when they'd be returning home before making any wedding plans
The military source added England and Granger have brought dishonor and disgrace to our finding men and
Who are being killed gets pregnant and nobody seems to know quite for sure by whom nobody knows quite for sure by whom
This love child scandal is just part of an ongoing mess that's bringing undeserved dishonor to our hard press troops
Another military insider told the inquired there's absolute fear at the highest levels
That this love child could be the product of England and their Iraqi prisoner of war only future DNA test
Will absolutely prove that the child is Grinas or not as the case may be
We're sports radio 5c
QAM
My god your breath's a beautiful
I know that's the episode of the shield
Building young steam stars as big mackey. I got none of those say to you madapult
You're a bad man
A very bad man
I'm gonna point your face on the stove
Tension nuns when guilty faces off with captain moe
I don't think this I saw of you doing the guy. Yeah, that's right. I don't want to keep it on the rat. See
Okay, I don't want nobody know what went on there to be my career
You're sacred is safe with me good
Hey everybody
Important people you can have your joes. Okay, you can have your crabs
They got that blue liquid by the way. So you're good for that stuff. Well, Shampoo
Keep up the good work says this back sir and keep I love this expression is is keep speaking the truth with Kander
Well, I may speak the truth, but certainly not with Kander who's better. I'm gonna start lying a lot seems to be the deal
Let's lie like crazy. Oh look at Catherine Harris look. We're just happening
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon world
Catherine Harris just had a really messy bad B.M
Somebody Q and hello
Hi, Dr. Neal, please speaking
Neil good morning. How are you pretty good? How you doing? Good. Thank you
Isn't it interesting that will do you agree that the current administration is in a bind with respect to this
prison?
Fiasco do I agree? I mean is it debatable?
Well given that
Do you not also agree that they need to divert the attention? Well, wait a minute. Why do you keep saying you not do agree?
Also, I mean I mean you can say whatever you want, but does do I have to agree? No, you know, okay
Interesting that these guys is supposed to build Nick Berg. We're all hooded when
The Muslims take credit for and are supposed to be hailed in heaven or wherever the hell it is
Right, they do something like that. Yeah, when they go to the pearly gates there for all those virgins waiting for them up
They're how they're gonna recognize them
Well, then why is it that two days later?
The administration claims that they know who it is that
Well, was the hooded man who killed me? Oh sir. Howie and of course
We also have reports that he was already killed months ago. So you know, just like chemical Ali some of these guys
He coming back more over and over again like Jesus
You know what I think that it was the administration who did it
Somehow could somebody have to do it to divert the attention because all the time there's an article on our website
There's an article on the website that I read yesterday that about the whole deal that pretty much does the same thing
Oh, I didn't realize it. I'll look it up. Okay. Thanks. Thank you sir
I mean, we don't want to get too carried away, but the timing sir is awfully strange and the fact that they lied about
Whether or not they had him in custody
Something really stinks there
And then of course they leak out this stuff about well, you know, he he was on the same bus in Oklahoma with
Zacharias Masawi and he let him use this password to get into his computer there to check out the email and
His password was found in Zakaui's ass
And all of these things see so right away. Let's start turning around
Let's start ripenic burg and let's start to ripen the bird family and let's it's always the same crap
But the timing of the whole thing certainly was very very bizarre and peculiar wasn't it although it doesn't seem to be working does it
And then of course you've got these clowns out there saying well, you know if the media would spend as much time exposing these barbarians who are
Decapitating our fine young American and don't you start talking about that?
The hanky panky there with those prisoners in oboe grade
Then we'd have a little bit of parody there, you know, you see how important it is for us to be there
See what kind of people they are and why we need to be there right exactly why we shouldn't be there exactly
Exactly the reason why we should not be there as a matter of fact since you mentioned that I'll use this story right now
Outrage has kiss player mouths off on the Muslims
Gene Simmons who spent last night of a holiday and expressed
Yes, that nice Jewish boy. I don't believe you born in Israel as a matter of fact
Had you know that? No, I did not gene clowns now real name
What is it gene client is this real name right are you start with your auntie
Sanctus is a megan proud remember the kiss army. Thank you very much kiss bass player gene Simmons is caused an upper among australia's Muslim community by launching an attack on Islamic culture while in Melbourne
The lizard-ton rock god who is touring Australia with the world's most enduring glam rock band launched an attack on Muslim extremist during an interview on
Melbourne's three a w radio including comments which were labeled inaccurate
Extremism believes that it's okay to strap bombs under your children and send them to paradise
Paradise and whatever else and to be head people they said yesterday
Absolutely the Israeli-born US musician went on to say Islam was a vile culture that treated women worse than dogs
Muslim women had to walk behind their men and were not allowed to be educated at her own houses
He said your dog however can walk side-by-side your dog is allowed to have its own doghouse
You can send your dog to school to learn trick sit bag to all of that stuff
But none of the women have that advantage he went on to say the west was under threat
Well, what's wrong with having your wild wife being taught to do tricks and sit and beg and do all those things
Yeah, totally
This is a vile culture
He said if you think for a second that it's gonna just live in the sands of God's armpit
You've got another thing coming. He said they want to come and live right where you live and they think that you're evil evil
Seven said that you and approach did not work and at the west that is speaks softly and carry a big stick
The radio station fielded calls for Muslims upset at the comments including Australian Muslim of the year
Susan Carlandus that Australian Muslims rejected extremism and did not fit seven stereotype
Miss Carland said she had two degrees was doing her honors and certainly did not walk behind her husband
Behind her husband's behind
chairman of the Islamic Council of Victoria Yasser Solomon
Said Simmons comments were very unfortunate. I wonder if he's akin to a Abraham Solomon
His very famous obviously in populous result influential
He said mixing the entertainment world with political and religious world as a mine field
He said Simmons had begun by talking about extremist but it going on to vilify the entire Muslim culture
A member a number of his claims regarding women and what they're allowed to do are not
Are not correct is lump teaches the opposite he said
I thought women were doing really well in the rank
You should have been in there. Yeah
Simmons had a right to free speech
But this had to be bounced against the damage done to innocent people
He said I think it would be good for overseas speakers and commentators to be given some sort of advice regarding to our
vilification laws here
He said they leave and go back to where they arrived from but they leave behind a big mess that we have to live with
They leave their entrails behind I think is what he was trying to say and we have to like sweep it all up and sniff it
I guess I got to burn my kiss records again
There you go
Well, it is more crap coming in here on this fax machine and it's not good news either most of it is from clearance
And he's really getting them my nerves big time now man. Just wait till I'm there
Oh brother. I'm going to give him a
Piece of my mind
Join the QM QE tonight from six the way to gaspies and Davy located off five 95 in university drives stop by for specials on
Bass beer
Plus a chance to win Marlon tickets other prizes. That's our usual low budget stuff six o'clock with bass beer and get at gaspies and Davy and
Join George tomorrow. Here's the important stuff because he needs the money badly especially since he got charged so much to fix his car at
The Kim Bo campers place. That's all good now. No, that's not what I heard
Should have been a freebie come on Kim straighten that out. This guy's working for peanuts
Anyway, let's say I just throw a little thing in there. Maybe he'll you know knock off a couple hundred
So I George tomorrow 11 to one at four to pomp and oh located at one thousand or federal highway stop
I just spend the wheel for prizes enjoy free food from the land of city subs
That's with George at 11 o'clock tomorrow morning at four to pomp and oh and George will tell you about that great
Ford that he was driving while his car was being fixed oh
There's a reason they call it a focus
So yeah, at that point when I got through saying that that's when you should have done one thing that was dummy up
Here you go the blue moon fish company says billin four lot of day. Oh, you got to build a blue moon
I've heard of that although I'm not a person so likewise. I've heard of that. It's very good
Well, give me a good list of restaurants in fact you can not only vote on a pool
But then when you get through reading the whole thing this weekend go out and eat a one of them, you know or two of them or three of them
WQ a hello
You want to go to the podium? Yes, sir. I like to add your phone. I have a comment. Go ahead
Archie Rose and book and book a return. Okay, and high five
Like I said
560 560 pound 560 what is it this week?
This has been the week that these people all of a sudden just like a mushroom climbed up inside their ass or something and just started expanding
These people are just gone wild just gone insane gone way way beyond the usual call of duty if I can still say that in the air
Hi, how are you? You know what I mean? What do you mean? I don't know man
WQM hello
Yes, Neil yes, sir
The good restaurant mocha because hebo
Because it was been at 22 years. They're exactly the same for 22 years. Same management everything is perfect
Okay, great. Thanks a lot pal make sure that modal get to eat there. I'm sure that what's that steakhouse in the earth that he ripped because they didn't kiss his ass
The one that he likes a lot, huh?
New York prime New York prime. That's the one New York prime in bokeh
And he went there and I guess they didn't like immediately sit him down and
Paddai his musk red on the top and give him all kinds of special treatment and didn't pick up the check and so as a result he goes on the
Rips them an ass and
Hank I think I think if there was any chance not that there ever was but if there was any chance of the Hebrew hammer and moe like bonding a little bit
That was really the the point at which they just took different paths that came to that folk in the road
And Hank of course was working his fork and I very heavy duty which is why he maintains that tremendous growth
And moe in the meantime was too busy, you know trying to rearrange his musk red that kept crawling down the side of his head
They hate you moe. Let me tell you that right now. They despise you
Can you imagine poor joke? How's that? I have it to put up with that guy's crap
And what did I tell you about Geldie getting off of that show, huh?
Right? We know that I've been predicting that he wants off of there bad desperate
He did the two of them don't even barely talk anymore was what I was told last time I was there anymore
Don't talk no mo
I said to Geldie I said how you and the old man get along. He's there said we don't talk. Yeah
No
Can't imagine why I know the beast is gotten back into good graces
In fact, maybe it'll be Mojo and the beast it might be you think it could be wouldn't that be something wow
Wow, wow, just kiss and make up all is forgiven and where does that leave Moishi? Whatever his name is that they slept out from New York
What is he doing shy?
Shy right he would see the producer holding Robert reaper's hand, huh? Right to live Jews
Okay, what is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida today?
Not fast food
Ruth Chris 40
Joe Stone Crab's 10
Casa de Angelo 4
Canyon's three sage cafes got appear emerald coast two foxes share with into
Mambo Jamba one and no you know you're not yet for a blue moon fish company. We better get with it
Did we put our two rose on there? I thought we were not because that was a uh
Ah come on put our two rose on there. I heard it's pretty good just because it's Jeff High's boyfriend. What do you want for me?
WDQM line nine hello
Yes, sir
I've been questioning that the Nick Burnt thing and I saw the whole video and if you see why because you know what real I'm tired of vanilla
I have to feel something
I mean I'm tired of the media
Gloughing over the sheer brutality of what's going on over there
That's why I had to see it okay, and when I did see it I noticed there wasn't a lot of blood
Like you would expect coming out of a major artery when you put it. So what does that mean?
I mean it it's probably he was probably already dead before they did anything
But I mean, how can he've already been dead you see him sitting there?
I didn't see the whole thing but I saw right up until the slice in the neck off
How could he've been dead? I mean something was going on because there wasn't as much blood
I mean there wasn't I mean you would think if you cut a major artery yeah
It's kind of listen George has got a list of good snuff films for it. I got a lot more blood
And you'll enjoy them much more. No, I don't know. I don't know. It's just a joke. Google just a joke
A sick joke at that, but I mean why are we arguing he was dead already?
He's sitting there and moving around for quite a lot of you
How do you think he was alive once upon a time and they found his body so the timing is really mood
Don't you think yeah really whether or not there's a lot of blood a little bit of blood or blood
A lot of blood actually right
Here's one that says please add the big cheese to your list
It's located on us one in 67th Avenue Miami great food casual atmosphere and the beast still sucks
Well, if we're good the fax elmer. Thank you
Elmer says he's still suck beast. How do you like that?
Hey Daniel stop factoring the same facts over and over again. Wow. What does Daniel got he's they he up
We already got his and he he wanted both of them on there. Well, what does he got just give me a
Lentz and so okay. Don't start playing hardass with these poor people. It's the one you already got what it's a Jo Lion
Emerald coast and Joe lion and he keeps facts and things you forgot Joe lion you forgot Joe lion
What what is Joe lion
It's Joe Lion Joe Dio
1057 maybe it's Joe mama. I have no idea what he's talking about just once is enough. Okay, Daniel
You got the Emerald coast which we love and that's fine. It's on there. Otherwise just get lost. Okay. What's your problem Daniel? I have no life
I
Is this sports when you fight?
You weigh in
For you talk about punctual main Dave Johnson you could set your life by him and your watch. How you doing?
I knew you. Well, no, I just I just looked over because I thought to myself it's 11 o'clock
Dave's gonna be calling any second. I'm sure if they're the line is flashing man
You like I said you could set the atomic clock on your head. It's post time and not only that
But you're talking to the guy that gave you the triple in the Derby you are the king you are
The king and the queen no, I did not oh
Listen when you're making the big bucks, you don't have to like be betting on silly things like course races
But you you were very negative on imperialism you said that horse ain't fast enough
I'm sorry and you let you pick that one but but we were both on the winner that's the that's the main thing
This is this now see for how many years?
We've been begging for a real great story and of course with all the grotesque things happening in the world right now
This would be so great to have a real nothing that's gonna change anything
But you know a nice story smarty Jones. It's a great there the whole thing is bizarre the story about the owners getting shot and the
everything it's
When Joe Hersh the wonderful turf writer he used to be come to the Derby we always used to say Joe
Who do you like and he'd say the best story well boy?
He didn't come this year is the first year and 50 that he's in New York
Not feeling that great, but this is the best story in the game
Speaking and not feeling that great when the owner is breathing oxygen man
I thought to myself this this is you couldn't have written a script like this
You know he's breathing oxygen from a tank. Yeah, I thought that when the horse crossed the you know
Wonder race I thought he was gonna like loser right there. He just about did I think they're very nice people and
You know the money doesn't mean much to them. It doesn't mean I don't think it means anything to them well
Then you and I can split it I take some okay smarty Jones
I mean obviously we're gonna pick him again because we want a triple crown winner
We want a champion for years and years we thought it was gonna be funny side. We thought it was gonna be
No, no, I never thought it was gonna be fine. I never liked funny side really no, I didn't like him at all
I said Empire maker in the first and I think I forget maybe peace rules in the second. No, I didn't like him
Well, but that's water under the bridge now speaking of water the track of course in the Derby was like a mud
You know it was really a off track
And it was splashing through the track now. What's it gonna be in Baltimore? You're there right now?
It is it's dry and hot
They they we might get a couple showers, but it appears that it's gonna be a fast track
And they'll have to put water on it just to have it a little bounce to it. Yeah
Yeah, it's gonna be a fast track a little bit of a sour thing that steward Elliott was fine
The jockey who of course like you said he came from obscurity and to be like a big shot went in the Derby
He neglected to mention what was it that he was convicted of some kind of I don't think I think he just pled guilty to
Assaulting of and I and it was a must have been some booze involved
I think I was a pretty good drinker when he was when he was younger, but
I know when you have to ride it suffix downs. Why not?
I understand he's on the wagon for a couple years. So I'll give him the benefit of it out. Absolutely
Yeah, it just adds to the ambiance of the whole thing
But even good jockey let me ask you. Yeah, I know he is
I actually saw him ride in suffix downs. I'm one of the 10 people still living that went to suffix down
Really even when they had harness racing 100 years ago with Eddie Cobb and Alex Winger, but that's another story
Now is the Chris edge in or out
As of right now he's still he's still in but the
The way I saw him walking around the shed row yesterday he looked out she so I don't know
I know Nick Zeta won't run him unless he's right
Plus he's got another horse in the race or shackled him. Yeah
But they all got to beat smarty. Yeah. Now now how much of a difference do you think that the off track made in the Derby?
You think that was part of the a factor or not? Probably not in smarties factor
But a lot of the other horses didn't fire but the smarty Jones is one five races on her on a fast track
So he probably you know love this fast track tomorrow
Well, I'm not I'm what I'm gonna do is the same thing
I mean why go off when you got a winner why go off?
I'm gonna do the same thing I did for the Derby
I'm picking smarty Jones to win imperialism to be third and then just use the all in the middle
So it's seven all eight what about the lionheart? Do you think he'll finish that again? Could be
You know now you've been going to the track for about a hundred years like I have and so many times when you see
Similar horses the same horses and a race together
You see them finish one two and you just are looking you're trying too hard to find something to beat that combination
And it happens very often that that's what what comes out?
He's either maybe these are the best two horses in the race
But history is on the side of smarty Jones
I think this will be a lot easier for him to win the preekness than the bellmond. Why do you say that?
Well in the last seven years
The Derby winner has won the preekness five times
That's pretty good
So when they get to the bellmond they get on first of all on that track
Which is totally different than of course the mile or on a half then it's a different ballgame
Yeah, that the mile and a half is the killer. I'm not I'm if I hope he wins the preekness because I'll hope that he wins the triple crown
But I think of the three races. Don't you think the preekness is the easiest of the three to win?
It seems to be even Ronnie Franklin couldn't get beat in the preekness
Ronnie Franklin and Howard Coastbell two of our
Oh, man
That's a shot at poor Ronnie for you to put him in the same category with Howard and go sell and we'll throw in more Howard
David it's absolutely right at what a trifect of that is
Holy cow
So Ronnie as young as he has no hair. He's he's completely bald
Well, it was probably that that riding the bellmond is what he did
Somebody should have told him was a mile and a half and out of six four long sprint
He just forgot about that and then of course buddy Delp came to his rescue make out that story about the safety pin in the foot
That's too bad because I really liked spectacular, but he was one of my favorite all-time horses, but
Just wanted to have the trainer. I mean buddy Delp he was honored yesterday here at the track and
He's still training in a very very nice man. Yeah
Like I said he you know he covered up for him real well
So anyway, what's your pick? I gave you mine seven all eight smarty Jones imperialism on the uh for third
I'll take smarty Jones on top with Lionheart second and the all a button for the third spot
That isn't gonna pay too much tape. We're looking for some cash hey the the favorites finished one two in the
Derby and in the superfactor paid 41,000
41,000 that's what the superfactor paid in the Derby wow
I didn't realize that with the favorites finishing first and second because I saw the triple with my imperialism in there for third
Pay 940 some odd bucks. I do believe that's that's a signer, isn't it? Yeah, it is last time I checked
That's what fat rich tells me are you in Canada or the United States? I'm in Toronto right now
I'll be in Florida next week briefly because you know
I don't know. It's just one of them things I keep coming back. I don't know why do you ever go to any of these race?
You ever go to the Belmont why don't you come to Belmont if if the smarty wins? Oh, no
I don't want to start that gambling thing
You know then you become a degenerate and your whole life changes and then you wind up with GA and all of that
I just you know, I just like talking about it. It's like I have the racing channel here
And I watch the races from all over the country especially my harness racing
And you can't lose a dime on it and the sad part of it is as you know
You pick all the winners when you're watching when you have no bet going. Oh, Gene
No, probably you've had a program and you still picking winners left and right just like smarty Jones
Yeah, I picked him off a newspaper article here in Toronto based on the the story behind it
Is that right? Well, listen get a little Hank. I'm sure Hank is around it not too far
I saw him at the draw on Wednesday night. What a great guy he is
You sure is he is a he is a super person
He's a giant in the broadcasting and in the thoroughbred industry make no mistake about it
When you guys get back on TV on ABC if that ever happens then we'll see you guys together on TV again
If that happens that would be great, but why are you chuckling when I say that?
Because I don't think it'll happen, but if it does that'd be great. I'd love to work with Hank
There you go. Well listen give him a big kiss for us and keep him away from that buffet
Please we want to keep him around a long time. I'll be I'll be in front of it. Don't worry
Have a great race, Dave and we'll see you in the bell mom. What talking three weeks take care
Dave Johnson, he'll be calling it on the radio the pre-NIST tomorrow
Smarty Jones and imperialism gave me I didn't realize the super paid 41 grand
Jesus if he'd just played it right nobody sent him me any money saying hey here's uh
Here's a portion of the money you want me in the uh Derby
If you'd have just listened to me
Okay, let's see the best sit down restaurant the rascal house. Oh my god holy moly
I don't know if you also it says in this facet if you don't put the pizza loft in plantation and Davey pony tail will have a fit and break a nail
We're not putting the pizza loft on there. I mean pizza loft is excellent, but it's the best sit down restaurant in South Florida
It's just like this other one here smoky bones barbecue in the fountains shopping center
I mean, I don't even like barbecue, but if I did what I you can put that on there
You can put pizza loft on there too. It makes you feel happy. I don't know
Especially with all the meals that he can't keep buying the rumors is what I'm here, right?
That's what I heard yesterday when I was buying
Smoky bones barbecues see there you go again jugs McDonald
But you get a life insurance off the radio. I have no life go hook up with mo and go out and place him golf
Get some exercise you fat little tub man
Actually if we didn't have the hair he'd look just like the beast jugs McDonald
He's the beast with bad glasses on or no, he don't have the glasses anymore. He's got those contacts
Although you notice it didn't help much if you listen to the games
Police revised rules after 97-year-old was say I I
One thing I can't deal with is sensitive people. It just bothers me
It bothers me. It's just a radio show. Okay. Could you say your sense of about it?
He's a nice guy. I don't have any problem with jigs McDonald personally
He's a nice guy and he certainly was a humongous improvement over Chris moron
My god who used to do those Panther games. I mean, that's like the difference between day and night
Just hearing jugs McDonald's voice to say hey, there's a hockey announcer. There's real broadcaster as opposed to Christina
Moron yeah, so I don't have any problem with your jugs
Don't be so sensitive don't be so uptight. Rimmer and I are good friends. It's cost me a lot of money believe me
But he's okay. It's a good guy means well, you know, it's always a disaster, but he means well
But the jugs and moe and some of these old farts. It's always the old funny duties of old year
If you hear what he said about me you remember that and we're from the very beginning right you say the things that they're saying about me and
The plot checkered pants and they awake, you know, oh my goodness the bag. Don't forget the bag
What
May have been the greatest call of all time. I got to find it now. Oh here it is. This may have been the all-time best in the doctor that performed the surgery on
J. Fiedler's thumb didn't need the same doctor that perform the procedure on your coup
Um
Um
The doctor who performed the surgery, let's think about that
What's his name? Climb
You feel his doctor?
I don't know who you use George Colwell. I'm gonna come back. I'm not sure where he went. I'm not sure where he went
Did you go to Holy Cross?
Not sure. Well bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long J. is gonna be out. No, you're not sure
Somewhere at least the month could be up to eight weeks
Somewhere in there while he on the wall with your IQM
See the whole deal with that is that he had the robberter whoever was in there dumped the call because he didn't want to go on a year
And that hadn't been very early on in his QA experience. He didn't have any idea how to hold the laything work
Right, so he thought that if he just paused and stalled a lot around long enough
Somehow that that would be the way it wouldn't it wouldn't get on the years. I don't know
To it at all if they dumped it. Right. He just could have come back. He didn't realize that. He never understand that so he was like
What was the name of the then of course Gellie
Like you know boards a little bit there which is what makes that whole bit. He was going Gellie
We're not talking these days now not very much. They just sit in there. It's kind of like an iceberg
In that studio in Mo under the Gellie myster in there, so that's probably why these deals are going on because Gellie badly
Once off of that deal he wants badly to work with his good buddy Joe Rose who was real easy going really easy to get along with their good
They're close close
tight
Chums yeah, they're real tight anyway. What's the best fast?
I'm sorry best sit down not fast to the restaurant in South Florida today
I don't think I'm getting my email again today. I think I'm having some it's not me. I'm sure maybe it's the
The email people
Ruth Chris 50 Joe Stone Crab's 14 m.l.co 7 blue moon fish company five already just went on there canions five
Casa de Angelo four
Sage cafe three mombo jumbo three foxes show it in three the big cheese is got three the big cheese
Our two rose one pizza lost got one. I bet you Jeff's boat now ready
Graskelhouse none and smoky bones barbecue it got none of the first 99 boats
See we're not getting tons of votes yet, which is why it's good that this is a weekend pull
Because their favorite day not there yet
And if I would ever take some more calls
Well, we had to do the pre-knist thing with our good buddy Dave Johnson
That's good but good and give you a healthy cash some tickets again
Right
Right, how many years we've been doing that boy. Dave's been calling on his show every year for a long long time
In fact once upon a time he had Chelsea candy calling with him
She was also on the phone of course. You don't know Chelsea. Who do you know your horse racing?
Chelsea canner she was her husband as a trainer or was there something?
I don't know at least 10 years he's been calling you. Oh, I think more than that at least because we're talking like this is the 70
Ronis station and I would say maybe like
12 or 15 something like that long time
1113 at 560 WQM you know
Vum is TV which you already know I would think but it's high definition TV delivered you via
Satellite Dishon HD receiver the picture is so superior to regular TV
It's unbelievable the qualities like comparing the latest DVD to like early kinescope
Vum is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
Vum has got the most HD TV anywhere and provide all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate
HD TV experience including satellite dish HD receiver and the remote and Vum's got over 30 channels
HD programming can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable
And they've got all your other favorite channels to like hb
MTV even your local channels to Vum's got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting on you
Vum even has exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company at all
So with Vum you get everything you have now plus all these new awesome high definition channels
Call today for a limited time offered which includes free installation
No upfront cost and no long-term commitment
Call Vum at 1 866 84866 you check them on a web at VUM.com
The offer ends May 31 so you better get with this now because it's already the 14th
Call toll free 1 866 848 8666 or online is VUM.com
My line in local here sports radio 560s you a.m
Yeah, I hate you so I always will
I look at you and wish I could blow you away
Yeah, I sure wish you hadn't read my wedding day
I was on my back and then you shot me
But now I will not check bill because you never got
I will fill you until I kill you
I hate you so I always will
And the revenge rules my heart. I will shoot straight
I will shoot straight as you better be prepared to meet your fate
Meet your fate
Oh, truck dead bill
Truck dead bill
Oh, please I feel
Please I feel
My line I kill you feel
I got the killer's moves
Please draw your bill
1115 is 560 WQM we got the mad dog that's what the schedule says he's on it too
But I don't know the way this schedule is working out today. It's like nobody's around
We had Mo with the big oh then we had the Kimba who's I just heard that Kim is gonna let do while I repair on your car for free
Is that I heard personally I heard yeah, he's gonna work on it and the car too mad dog is scheduled to
But you never know any Kay and Vegas this afternoon 4 to 7 for the Humper who's up there with Dave Johnson and Baltimore at the pretense
You got to mark all the crow don't leave him up for crying out loud. He's got a 35-minute show
That's a little bit too long. He's on it 7 7 35. It's Marlon's on deck Marlon's at the Cardinals
Marlon's pulled out last night. I do believe then they win 3 to 2. I think
Yeah, they won't 3 to 2
810 is game time Marlon's at St. Louis and then Tom jicca. Oh my god because Eddie K's on the staff noon. So Tom jicca
Is gonna be doing at the Eddie K show
Stop it right so and of course keep in mind Joe Castello maybe coming back to QM
We got our fingers and legs crossed. We love you a lot. Joe. Okay. We're hoping for you
Just think about it long and hard though before you hop into the frying pan now speaking of that remember that story
I had on a few days ago about the 97-year woman that got the handcuffed
Yes
Highland Park, Texas
Police guidelines calling for anyone wanted on a warrant to be arrested have been revamped following the public outcry
The Gushry over an officer's arrest of a 97-year-old woman
The woman was handcuffed and taken to jail for an outstanding traffic warrant officers in the Dallas
Suburban Highland Park can now use discretion in arrest in case in the rest cases if they have a supervisor's approval
Oh, she looks dangerous
Yeah, several factors will be weighed when making that decision including physical disabilities or old age
The same criteria will be used in determining if the person needs to be handcuffed the department was inundated with emails
Angry calls from around the country after the April 22nd arrest of Dali Kelton
The revisions clarify the options officers have an arresting offender said detective Randy Milliken
Public information officer for the Highland Park Department of Public Safety
I think it's appropriate to say we define some discretionary areas without placing our officers at risk
She's dangerous man. Look out
She might have some sweet and low-in-ed bag
Very sad. That's America for you much a Nazis
Well, let's see now here's another another one that's got two why do they keep doing this?
Why do they do this? I think going away lists all day long. Oh, I see the vaccine in phonebook page
I'm gonna explain it one more time. Okay. Just a second
Well, I am I mean I keep trying and they just did they can't penetrate their skull Caleb and Delray beats is my favorite sit down
Restorant after 18 years is a transplanned as a man a transplant man had ideas and wardo they say an angel in for Lauderdale
Well, that's funny because somebody else mentioned that the best Mexican in your life says Caleb and wardo they sent angels sent on hell
You got it. Wait. We got it good
Looks here's another one says 1909 cafe in South Miami
On bird road near 57th Avenue incredible soups and sandwiches. No pretence. Just great food incredible soup
That I already said that well, you know whoever fact does knows I'm a big soup lover. I love soup
Not good for it's mostly fattening but I do love soup in fact
I can rarely eat a meal without soup. I don't know about you. No
Don't have soup a lot. I like soup, but just don't have to eat it. I don't mean at home. I don't make soup at home very rarely
But uh, but I'm talking about any restaurant very seldom do I go to restaurant. I have soup
But anyway
Number two on this facts alkytta solution broadcast the rich sansia show day and night they'll crawl out from under their rocks and surrender
Some will likely take their own lives as well or maybe just Rick could drive around the neighborhood
Would be good
Here's one that says sion I love the way this is spelled
sion cuisine
spelled c-u-s-s-s-i-n which is kind of asanine
sion cuisine ty food and wild manor says somebody thank you so much. Okay now
Let me just say this again for the how many million time
30 million time when we take these polls on the show and the audience does love the ones where we just you know
movies
uh restaurants uh kinds of food tv shows and or his actresses huh one hit wonders
One hit wonders ten hit wonders
We always ask always
We have never taken a poll yet where I said name a bunch of good restaurants
I mean maybe we'll get to that someday, but we haven't done that yet
Can I get in there lately, but uh, you know maybe we'll get to that
But the poll reads very clearly to me and since I'm the one who wrote it out
I guess it makes sense because I always make sense to me
What's the best sit down no fast food restaurant suffer today the reason I put no fast food is because some smartass would say uh
I caught a tropical or somewhere there
We're a Wendy's
And it's pretty interesting that Ruth Chris, which is my choice is you just not anybody close which shows you the magnificent taste that I've got
But when we say what is the best and we even underlined at least yeah, we did even Eric underlined it the best
restaurant
That means one no one now not not a bunch of really good ones the best if he had a pick one how many restaurants can you name no
It's not that typical. It's like if we ask you what's your favorite tv news anchor
We don't want to hear Tom Broca then rather and uh water cronkite
We don't want a list of names of tv anchors. Who do you like the best which one of these people? Do you see
Get a stand? I didn't think so but I tried for you. Huh? I got five for you
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I got a few for your list
Then I don't even understand that I can't relate to that. I can't uh, you know, what's your favorite chef boy already uh product
Oh, well, I like to be for onion a big atoni and a ravioli and the uh spadey meatballs myself
Yeah
WQA and hello hey Neil. Yes, sir. Got a restaurant for you. Okay. It's the black orchid
The black orchid which is located
It's uh, it oakwin and a one a right behind shooters awesome food great service. Okay. Great place. Thanks a lot pal
I know I turned it off immediately. I saw it. I did too
Thanks a lot. It's good thing I saved that bag from the plane coming back from Europe
Save the pewp bag just in case they turn Larry on again
And he had one of those really anxious people who he likes to lick their cheeks. Oh man
Larry King and Dr. Phil a match made in purgatory
26 past 11 at 560 Q.A.M.
And low
If there's a butt I smell it
game
what
you
Replaced
Marinos
we
honor
I hear by all
MONTH
And they say what my civil rights did.
The world for me.
The world for me.
Sack.
1130 at 560 W.C.M.
Happy Friday to you.
Somebody says the palm and cruel gables better than Ruth
Chris and Smith and Walensky.
Well, we did like that.
Cutlery though they brought us from Smith and Walensky.
It was really special.
I almost felt bad about that.
If it hadn't been for the fact that the food was so awfully bad,
I mean just grotesque.
I remember it like it was just yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
But they brought us in a whole bunch of steak knives here.
Good stuff.
So thanks a lot to the cutlery and the food sucked.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to suggest the palm restaurant in Merrick Park
and Carl Dabald.
OK.
And thank you so much.
Well, that's amazing.
How do you like that?
Must've been a psychic car because I just got through reading the facts.
It's the palm and cruel gables.
How do you like that?
Amazing.
Well, the palm and Chicago I know is great.
I thought the palm was on Kibiskein.
I've no idea.
But then again, I don't hang out and keep a skin or in a gable.
So I'm going to go.
Who does the beast?
What's the story?
Palms and the gables.
Thanks very much.
Beast is the palm is in the gables.
I've been there.
And guess what?
Joe still sucks.
I never ate there, but I still say it sucks.
5, 6, 7.
Now the Rascal House we put on her doesn't have any votes yet.
That's good.
You want to know why?
Because all those old Yiddlock, they're not listening to this show.
And if they are, they have no computer anyway.
149 votes on there.
And Ruth Chris is kicking serious ass.
I'm amazed.
69 if I can say that.
Joe's has got 21.
Emerald Coast does in big G7.
Casa de Angelo 6.
Blue Moon Fish Company's got 6.
Also, Pizza Loft got 6.
How do you like that?
Well, with all the respect, the ponytail, because we love the pizza loft and the food is very, very excellent.
But if the pizza loft is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida,
there's a problem there.
Do you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
If that barbecue place is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida,
there is uno problema grande.
You know, this restaurant is hot because I really hungry.
No, not me.
I can't, I got a stuffy, now weigh about 500 pounds.
I'm just as fat as a cow.
I sure am hungry.
WM Hello.
Hello, nice to meet you.
You too, it's them up.
WM Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling the news, Michelle.
Speaking.
Hi, news.
I just want to recommend another restaurant.
Texas, the Brazil.
Texas, the Brazil?
Yes.
Where's that?
That's the dolphin mall.
The dolphin mall.
Yeah, I'm sorry about the location, but it's a great place.
OK, thanks.
You have to apologize.
He sounded like really embarrassed to have to say that.
Well, I mean, we don't hang out in, at least I don't, in that part of town, but never less.
Texas, the Brazil.
I should have asked him what it was like, but once he told me where it was,
I kind of like, soured on it.
John Bonay killer commits suicide, says the inquire,
but this authorities have ignored suspect for years.
According to them, the man who killed 60-year-old John Bonay Ramsey's committed suicide,
the inquires learned exclusively, and what's more, may have even left a deathbed confession.
That's the stunning evidence the inquires uncovered.
Oh, my God.
In a new investigation of the little beauty queens, Christmas 1996 murder in Boulder, Colorado.
During our probe, we obtained police photos taken at the scene of the suicide.
They reveal clues that linked the victim, 26-year-old auto junkyard worker Michael Helgoth,
the Japanese brutal slang.
Clearly, visible are a pair of high-tech boots and a stun gun, items at the center of the
Jambanay case, and other item also stands out, a mini cassette recorder,
close by Helgoth's limp hand.
The recorder vanished, and authorities looking forward to say there could be a confession on it.
The inquire also learned that home videos found hidden in Helgoth's house show random shots of young girls,
and a news clip on the still-on-solved 1993 kidnapping and murder of another Colorado girl.
And we discovered that Helgoth told a friend he was involved in Jambanay's murder.
Helgoth, his body festooned with tattoos of the grim reaper of Robert Grieper bearing the word next,
and a skeleton-dripping blood shot himself dead in his Boulder home on Valentine's Day 97.
The 84 then-Boulder District Attorney Alex Hunter redisheed a warning to the killer he was hunting during a televised
news conference.
We will see that justice is served in this case, and then you pay for what you did, Hunter,
said as he steered cold item to cameras.
Of course, he wasn't talking to him, he was just talking in general.
Helgoth came to the attention of a 30-shrugly after his suicide, and this goes on and on and on forever.
Boulder, and it goes on about the police, were not really all that interested in him.
They focused on the parents.
But John Kennedy, a friend and co-worker of Helgoth grappled with his conscience.
Kennedy 50 told the inquiry that before Helgoth's suicide, his friend told me he knew something about John Bones' death,
and he was involved that it was a kidnapping god-bad.
Mike had a little bit of a moral conscience.
It seemed to me he wanted to confess.
Three weeks after Helgoth's suicide, Kennedy said he sat down with Boulder Detective Jane Harmer,
a relationship with Tommy Harmer, one of the cops investigating John Bones' murder.
She took my information and never contacted me again.
He said, how you like that?
So many bad police investigations, you know what?
But, toward the ass end of the story, it says, relatives of Helgoth vehemently deny he had anything to do with John Bones' murder.
To anyone trying to link Mike to the death of John Bones' Ramsey, I would say it doesn't appear that way to me.
Helgoth's uncle Dick Helgoth told the inquiry.
I don't believe he was a killer.
I know Mike had a pair of high-tech boots, but so does just about every outdoorsman in Colorado.
Because the stun gun and high-tech boots were found near his body.
And of course they were like, huh?
I have the stun gun and high-tech boots.
Oh, George done it.
Because we have never before seen crime-seeing photo here.
And, wow, it's just got a bunch of crap.
So there you go, believe it or not.
And of course, John Ramsey, who was running for the Michigan House, he's going to be a politician now,
and other he and his nasty wife.
Of course, he's got, she's been dying of cancer for a very long time, hasn't she?
Yes, she has.
For a very long time.
Too long if he asked me.
I mean, even if she had nothing to do with it, I still just don't like her, isn't that bad?
She knows she was a pageant mom.
She inflicted that on her little kid, which is tantamount to child abuse, and that's what everybody might say, so to her.
That was a raspberry, by the way.
That's the way for anybody that's sitting out there.
Don't get all panicking now.
That was a raspberry Danish.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The very best sit-down restaurant in South Florida.
I've got to be honest with you.
I mean, seriously, when I compare Ruth Krista, some of the other names that are getting mentioned on this list,
I think to myself, man, what a bunch of either too many sluppers out there or too many goyem are both.
Although I don't see any Jews eating it with Krista, to be honest with you.
Why the hell do I?
I don't know.
It's just Donda.
I mean, all the times that I've eaten there, probably me and the rumors and Siddler Vin are the only Jews I can...
Mostly like old white-haired goyem eating it with Krista.
Probably because of where it is in Fort Lauderdale, you know?
See what I'm saying.
It's not really like a...
It isn't what you could like Jesse would call a Heiny Town.
That part of town.
It's a gate.
WQ8 notes not.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a restaurant down here.
Go ahead.
Krista is in the Gables.
Krista is supposed to be sensational.
Absolutely, absolutely unbelievable.
They never have not a bad meal in 12 years there.
Good choice.
Thanks a lot, pal.
The Palm Stinks.
Oh, okay.
He said his Palm Stinks.
Well, of course, we know where it's been.
Now, he said the Palm Stinks.
Okay, I've never been to one of the Gables.
I know the one in Chicago was great.
Where they have the sawdust on the floor, you know?
Great, of course.
In fact, you know who waited the...
Because you weren't there, you weren't around to enjoy it.
No, that's the Palm Stinks.
At the Palm Stinks.
Chicago, back during those Cubs in Rigley Field days.
No, it wasn't allowed to leave it.
Cheryl Wienriffkin, and also Mitch Wien, I believe, with us in there.
Everyone what?
Did they, but you weren't there.
No more, because Disney brought you back.
You should be off right after the broadcast.
Why you just didn't count?
I guess who's getting married, by the way, speaking of that.
I don't know whether it's for Anir or not, but speaking of Cheryl, she's getting married.
Again?
Again, to some wealthy Jewish guy.
How big is this one?
Again.
I don't want to get into that.
All right.
Let's see.
Look at this.
What is this?
Facts.
It says a few nights ago this week, our own new squad of Rich Sanchez was filling in for Martha
Sagalsky on W.B.39 News at 10, and then Willard Shepard, who discovered they horrific Nick
Berks to a comment that Rick had talked to him off the air about independent contractors,
thinking twice about working in Iraq.
Rich said, yeah, do you think it'll cut into that?
Oh, no.
So, someday when Rich Sanchez runs over himself with his own car and dies, I'd like to
urinate on his caskets as this faxer just thought you'd like to know, a Suscronic Todd
and Hollywood.
And they said four P.A.
G's of crap.
Did he really?
Yeah, he didn't.
P.S. my 10 favorite restaurants are.
Oh, Donald Rumsfeld and Asper team.
What is this?
What is that all about?
I canceled it.
And so he refacts it.
Now, what is that all about?
Donald Rumsfeld and?
Antrax.
Antrax.
And?
It says in reality, it's a drug, not an additive.
Oh, this is some of that hook is focused from the internet again.
If I'm going to tell you, if Asper team is going to kid you out of a dead a long time
ago, I remember that one day we had those people calling in all those conspiratorialists
who believe all the crap that's on the internet.
I just don't believe that.
I drink gallons, gallons of dyesone every day.
Like, I gave it up for about two days.
And I said, I must be nuts for years.
Right.
For years and years and years.
I don't, I'm not in great shape.
I'm certainly not dying over here yet.
If anything's going to kill you, it's the pain.
I'm keeping me some very painful defecation.
So, says, don't.
Huh?
I said life is a pain in the ass.
Twenty-two known at QAM.
My, my, and local.
This is Forth Radio Phi City.
QAM.
Who am I?
Still?
God?
Come and take the oath, baby, let your condom know she can still walk any longer.
Feel the pressure of Congress getting stronger.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
Come and take the oath, baby, let your condom know she can still walk any longer.
Feel the pressure of Congress getting stronger.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
Everybody, gather around now.
Let the lady feel her heat.
Don't you write, can't, on the Bible.
Time to stop dragging your piece.
It's the witch hunt of a dead day.
And they need a big state go.
Do it quickly.
Get it over before the people go to vote.
Come and take the oath, baby, let your condom know she can still walk any longer.
Feel the pressure of Congress getting stronger.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
Feel the pressure of Congress getting stronger.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
Don't you fight, testify, condom, these are lies.
One forty-five at QAM.
Let's see, Jim in somewhere, Lord Delix, says,
What a pleasure to hear you discuss April Glassby and the fake Kuwaiti Nurses today.
Please get from the Netwood Glassby Center reporters.
Who to thought he'd take all of Kuwait and tell how they kept Glassby in Communicato for months?
That is absolutely correct.
She gave the wink wink nod nod to Sodom.
Oh yeah, we don't interfere in error versus error of affairs.
And go have a good time.
So, please, I beg your pardon.
Psych.
Please be my guest if you're in town at my Play Desert Storm,
which opens at Edge Theater in the Miami Design District on 8 p.m. June 4th for a month.
Tells the real story of the first Persian Gulf War from the point of view of the oral office.
It includes the events you mentioned on your wonderful program.
Yes, it is, Jim.
It also tells how we could have captured Tangsion Artiloran, demoralized the Republican Guard.
If we'd have kept that word going for only a few more hours,
Bush canceled the war because the hundred hours war had a nice ring to it.
Hundred hours since the start of the attack.
The early ending let Hussein Kling victory be coming here to the Arab masses
as patrons leave the theater.
I'll give them a copy of the interview with Sodom Hussein, where Glassby groveled to him.
Very good, Jim.
Excellent. See, there are some people, even in spite of the fact that they tried desperately to keep this stuff under wraps,
are some people like leaking out the truth.
Oh, but he was an evil man and he used gas on it.
Yeah, he used chemical weapons on his own people because we sold them to him.
He was against the Iranians so that we could keep that war going.
We could keep the stalemate between Iraq and Iran so that we could keep the ayatollan on his heels.
That's what it was all about. He was our evil doer.
And anybody that tells the other is a freaking liar, especially that crummy, rummy man,
who goes over there yesterday with a dog and pony show to try to resurrect his image
and try to save his fat old wrinkled up ass.
Who's he couldn't ever say a lot of people because about 60% of America says,
oh, yeah, rumsfeld's great. We got to keep him in there.
We don't want to change your ships in the middle of whatever.
He was so brave.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, they hustled him and his ass in and out of their real fast, you know,
and even even have a turkey with him.
Anthony's runway 84 and now we're talking some real food.
Now we're talking a really great restaurant. Do you never ate there yet?
No. Why not?
How's that going to happen?
I can fix you up there to eat for free.
You can take care of the wife and the kids, huh?
Excellent.
Talk to my good friend, Derek.
He's really tight with those people at Anthony's.
Now you have to wear a pinstrived suit in the head.
I got one.
Do you?
Yeah.
It's in the closet.
Yeah.
And one thing, don't be concerned about it.
I don't get how many day go get any what grease balls come out of the woodware.
Right. Don't worry about that.
Well, seriously, it's a great place.
Been there a long time, man.
That's one of the oldest that's still around.
And they give you, I mean, just the enormous amounts of food.
I'm not talking about for me, especially, I don't know who I am in there,
but I'm telling you, they just give you enormous amounts of food like muscles
and all kinds of appetizers.
And by the time you get to the main course, you're like, oh my God,
are you kidding me?
I'm going to eat more.
Anthony's runway 84.
Get that on there.
It's one of the very best.
It is outstanding.
And don't let me forget when I'm back there.
I'll get the direct to fix you all up.
Okay.
Right.
And hopefully, in fact, maybe if you don't want the whole family to come out of there
alive, we can probably fix that up to.
Here's a fact that says from Bob, just a few things.
This is great because now there's a big, you know, I have to apologize to that.
I've got to get the dark complex of the eye to call before about the head and the blood.
Because I didn't watch it.
It says, I didn't watch the video, but I saw still pictures from none other than Fudgey
Druggie's site.
There is no blood.
And the picture of them holding up his head, there is no blood.
How is that possible if he was alive when decapitated?
Why was he wearing an orange jumpsuit, the same as the US uses on its prisoners?
His body was reported to be found Saturday, May 8th, but he was killed Tuesday, May 11th.
How is that possible?
How do you like that?
And that's got some links for us to check out.
For what it worth?
Yes, we have the video.
If you want it.
I don't want to see it.
I don't want to see it.
Did you watch it?
No, but I have it.
And?
And I don't want to see it, but we have it.
Did the beast watch it?
Beast watched it.
And?
I saw it and to me when they beheaded and when they chopped his head off,
they looked like there was pools of blood.
But when he did the factions right, when they held up his head, there was no blood.
But who knows what the time difference was.
Right.
It would seem to me that they're probably after the head.
I mean, I don't want to get to the graphic here, especially almost at lunch time.
But after the head is severed from the body,
there really isn't that voluminous amount of blood in the head.
Once it all spurts on it and maybe who knows like you said, how long they waited
before they cleaned it up a little bit so they'd be recognizable and they held it up.
I don't know.
And anyway, there's a bunch of big bloggers dot burglack execution video,
mystery shouts, hostages, Iraq trip, FBI told police to hold burgl,
fishy circumstances and flawed time-lown surrounding America's Americans be hitting from info wars dot com.
So these are just a few that raise very interesting questions.
Lies, what lies?
I guess Bush, Rummy and the rest of Neocons, including pill popping rush.
Don't consider them lies until they actually get caught and even then we didn't hear what we really heard.
We didn't see what we really saw.
Lies to them involve only stupid crap like BJ's in the over-office and such,
not war crimes, WMD, 911, etc.
And also for the poll, I vote for Alexander's implantation says Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Put that over there, keep it all the website.
Oh.
So I guess we better maybe we better not play that severed head thing.
Today.
Here's a story.
Miami, a Nicaraguan immigrant filed a lawsuit against the Archdiocese of Miami accusing a former priest of sexual abuse 20 years ago.
Another one of these isolated incidents to have lines as lawsuit legislated,
we water priest rape teenage refugee in 1984, a refugee in New Orleans.
Well, that who cares?
The suit filed by the now 33 year old victim was identified as John Doe, Wandoe,
is the fifth implicating Ernesto Garcia Rubio.
In the suit, the plaintiff alleges Garcia Rubio, appreased at our Lady of Divine Providence in Sweetwater,
raped him in 1984 when he was a 13 year old refugee, seeking asylum.
Garcia Rubio was removed as pastor of that parish in 1988,
amid claims he had sexually abused several Latin American refugee boys,
the Vatican removed him from the priesthood in 1994.
The suit filed in date circuit court yesterday alleges that the Archdiocese of Miami knew he had a history of sexual misconduct when he was hired,
a statement released by the Archdiocese yesterday said,
Garcia Rubio has not been associated with local Catholic Church for 15 years,
but declined to comment on the latest lawsuit of course.
The suit includes confidential church documents showing the late Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll had been told,
serious difficulties of a moral nature force Garcia Rubio to leave Cuba,
but the documents did not suggest his problems related to pedophilia,
and in Archdiocese's background check found no evidence of wrongdoing of course.
Garcia Rubio became the spiritual director of immaculate Los Angeles High School in Coca de Groven 70,
it was moved to the sweet water parish five years later.
And once they start moving them around, the general configurator is pretty good reason.
Two of the lawsuits against Garcia Rubio were said a lot of court for 75 grand each.
He belongs in jail, said attorney Jeffrey Herman, who was filed all but one of the lawsuits against the Archdiocese involving Garcia Rubio.
Just another isolated incident.
How many million of these uh...
About 30 men?
Slime balls, yeah.
Here's the fact that says the best rights restaurant in South Florida is
Michael's Kitchen, Daniel Beach, they even have their own website.
Their motto is cure, the cure for boring food and lives up to it.
Got it? Michael's Kitchen? We got it.
Here's what it says, hey fat ass, put crammy jacks on your list, three-broward locations, it's great.
Put it on!
Okay, I'm gonna put it on, I'm gonna retire.
I like that.
Here's what it says, LaFuranda Italian cuisine in Pompato Beach, on Atlantic near federal.
See now we're starting to get some like...
A restaurant that conjures to me up in my mind, a certain kind of...
I don't know, ambiance and uh... price tag.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, no.
Which is the best.
Oh, I see this Eric also in Belichter.
One out of a whole bunch.
Sit down, not fat food, fast food restaurant in South Florida today.
Today's still open.
Do I'm business right now?
Ruth Chris, 82.
How do you like that?
82.
That's almost 41% of all the votes we got so far,
which the votes are coming in very slowly, because we only have a limited number of restaurants,
201 votes, and they got 82, almost half.
Joe Stone grabbed 26 feet, pretty weak.
Emrocoast 15, the big cheese 11.
See when I put the big cheese on her, I know it's...
I shouldn't say this, but it makes me think of like, chucky cheese.
Right.
And that's probably very bad, but that's what I think of.
That's that.
It's bad.
Blue Moon Fish Company 9, pizza loft has got 8.
Holy moly, Jeff must be going nuts.
Canyon 7, Casa da Angelo 6, Mambo Jombo 5, Christie's 5, Sage Cafe 4,
Eduardo de San Angel 4, Senon Hill, the Palm 4, Foxes Sharon Inn 4,
Smoky Bones Barbecue's got 3.
Smoky Bones Barbecue is the best...
Sit down, restaurant in town.
It must be great.
You don't even have to take the metro rail to get there either.
Unlike shorties.
It's the only restaurant in the history of mankind that had a public metro rail system built to bring the customers right to their dough.
Silent cuisines got a pair of black orchids got 2, 1 for our touros, 1 for Cafe 1909, 1 for the Rascal House.
Oi!
Texas David, Azil has got 1 and none yet.
Well, they just went on to these other ones. Anthony's runway 84, Alexander's, Michael's Kitchen, Crabby, Jack's and La Veranda out of over 200 votes.
Lots of time, I'll have a list of maybe 1000 of these by the end.
All we can do is prove them and then go try them out.
And then I'm Monday and say, man, we tried that one there and it really sucked.
Or the other way around.
But knowing South Florida, they'll say, oh, it was just awful.
And then we had a pay for it too.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
I got one for your poll there.
Okay.
It's a casual place, but it's often called Cafe Tex Maxing Kendall.
And it's a sit-down place.
They've got some new owners and they're not even there for years.
And it's just great for families and the place is awesome.
Where is it?
It's gone 117th Avenue and stopped with 120th Street.
Okay.
And Kendall.
And for fancy shmancy, it would be the capital grill.
Okay.
See how he did that?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sneaky thing.
See, let me do it.
Maybe it's me.
Okay.
Maybe it's me.
Let me read the question again.
What is the best sit-down, no fast food, restaurant, and South Florida today?
I don't have a problem with this question.
To me, it's as simple as just peeing in the bowl.
What's the best sit-down restaurant in South Florida today?
Nothing complicated there, right?
How many can I name?
About third, man.
But he meant well.
So Cafe Tex Max will take the first one and that's it.
Can we ever put Christie's on there?
I don't think we did.
Did we?
That's the beastfall.
Let's blame him because he's an evil's guy.
Well, his UM Craig.
He's our data entry guy today.
Yeah.
So like I said, oh, Christie's got five.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
I'm sorry.
I glossed over it because Christie's is great.
There's another one in the gables which I don't know if it's in business anymore.
And I can't think of it.
Man, I used to eat there all the time back in the day.
God, it was a great place.
I mean, really?
Maybe it was Christie's.
I don't know.
It was really, I think it was Luke Christie's.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60.
That's our poll today.
What are they?
85 best restaurants who've eaten at this week.
5, 6, 6, 5, 60.
There are news on yours.
2 a.m.
Mr. Kenney, I'd like to relax my heavy bear mackerel and massage my balls while listening
to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Yeah.
It's a little while I've been evaded.
But a Hebrew home, the agent of the Inrividale.
Now, you hide me and stole the atroptinotune of Flado being the paradise.
That is.
But not for everybody.
That's why while my parents retired the Florida, I sent them back to the Bronx to live
at the Hebrew home of the agent in the back in 61.
Not only was it cheaper, but they got some food.
I remember my mom was saying, who needs fly?
We got some food right here.
It's within three months out of the year.
Why should they get lots of activities there like that?
Right in my john then.
I'll invent the races.
Not to mention the food.
Oh, the food.
Let me tell you, nowhere, what the Hebrew home for the agent in Rivenday.
We are fine, soft and jello.
That the guy that turns the rubber bump up.
Why is it almost like it was prepared by Don Wilson himself?
And they got them mobile turlits on wheels too.
The Hebrew home for the agent in Rivenday.
The nice place to send your folks.
And forget about it.
Prove a 1-560 by the way, Mo.
In case you're listening, I'm sure you are.
Geltie hates you like poison and he's just dancing in the streets over the prospect
of getting off of that fine a deal.
Best restaurant with a great view.
Yesterday's.
Yeah, yesterday's is good.
Now, you don't want to go there during the early bird because it's a sea of just,
not just blue here, but of white here.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Unbelievable is what it is.
You ever been in here today?
No.
No?
No.
Well, why not?
Today's the worst.
That's not anywhere near you.
Anyway, we'll put yesterday's on there.
Amendment proposing slot machines at South Florida Tracks and Frontons gets court not.
All right.
That's only that's going to pass.
But anyway, we've got to start somewhere.
Maybe bring Florida into the 15th century at least.
A proposal that South Florida voters decide if they want slot machines at Dog and Horse Tracks
and highlight frontons.
Clear to key hurdle for getting on the November ballot yesterday.
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the ballot measure proposed by the group called
Floridians for a level playing field meets the legal requirements to get on the ballot,
namely that it sticks primarily to one subject, and that it's clear enough for voters to understand
what they're being asked to approve.
So better be very clear because in Florida, it's like.
Like that.
Kind of like our poll questions every day.
Gotta make them very simple.
They still don't get it.
It's back.
You're still need to get nearly half a million signatures to get the measure before the voters.
Advocates for the proposal are about halfway there with elections officials having verified
just under a quarter of a million signatures.
The measure would ask voters, they want to change the state constitution to allow
Dayton-Broward counties to hold referendums and whether to authorize slot machines
and existing parametrile facilities in some cases,
would also give the education programs any revenue to state gets from taxing the slot machines.
Let's get with it.
Okay. It's long overdue, baby.
Florida voters have rejected similar gambling measures three times in last 25 years.
But track owners say they need to expand their options to be able to compete with gambling at Indian casinos.
See, they weren't similar measures.
That's not what the measures were.
That's not what it said.
The other casino gambling.
But this is the Sun Sentinel again where they published a lot of crap.
Maybe one time, Jake is on for ready-camp at a ballgame day.
You want to call him, ask him, how come his newspaper puts so much crap in there every day?
Like the Flyers won their game three last night against Tampa Bay?
The first thing that came along was the lottery.
And that was devastating.
Fredrick Havanaugh, chief executive of Flagler Greyhound Track in Miami.
Then we got the Indians and the votes to know where they're totally unregulated and totally untaxed.
What we're saying is tax us and regulate us and put us on level playing field is absolutely...
Absolutely correct sir.
Measurebackers also argue they can help boost education spending at a time when the state is led by officials
who are adamantly opposed to most tax increases.
And it goes on about the opponents say this and they say that and then we'll have casinos and then we'll have this.
Governor Jam Bush said gambling is not a panacea for tight budgets and said he believes increased gambling increases crime.
I'm going to vote against it Bush said, what a slime hole, you know what?
Careful, what a class hole.
I'm going to vote against it.
Of course he is because he's a goody-touch who's phony baloney.
He's too busy trying to keep that stiff alive.
That's what he's worried about.
What's Harry's law?
He's going to go all the way to the Supreme Court if he has to.
To put on his grandstand act.
Let me say it again, W is bad, Jeb is ten times more dangerous, keep your eye on his ass.
And believe you me that's plenty of territory.
Line 9 QAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how's it hanging?
All right.
How about Jackson's steakhouse in Waterdale?
I've heard that's great, where is that?
It's downtown Waterdale, kind of like by the Las Olas here, but the place got awesome steaks.
Okay, thank you.
Another thing, Jeb at that radio bullcrap this way, we're rolling over on?
No.
Going a big 106.
Oh, yeah, we had that on yesterday.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
We're on it.
Going to come to the radio, man.
We're on it.
Yeah, the radio, yeah.
It's too bad it could have been on 109.5.
Or maybe 11.5 would be good.
Anyway.
Have a great weekend, Palli.
Thanks.
Paul and Old Ron are going to Big 106, replace the Howard Stern show, which is a joke.
Just a travesty.
Clear channel.
Just shift and shift in the losers around.
And then they're bringing in, who is it?
Schmendrick and Yendrick from Jacksonville.
Yeah, Mitch and her from some syndicated morning show.
Which, yeah, whatever, on Zeta.
How they going to put on Bob and Tom?
No.
Anything worth listening to?
No.
Just amazing.
Oh, I got a great article here from Common Dreams.
This is so good, it's long though.
No, it's not that long.
No, I'll put in a couple more names for the list.
But this is so good, it's by Mike Furner, who's on Common Dreams.org.
It's on our website.
My email is screwed up again.
And do you ever have that happen?
It's twice in one week for me.
I email you did?
Yeah, we have an email screw up.
It doesn't happen often with Yahoo.
Well, this is twice in one week.
I don't use Yahoo.
I know.
But at any rate, this never happened to me before.
Twice in one week, I sent Eric an email, said, send me something for a test.
And I haven't gotten nothing out.
Now, maybe I did now.
Let me just take a look.
Not that I've gone from one extreme to the other.
I used to be a very anti-email guy.
I remember at Paxton, they wanted an email.
Oh, and the ratings from all will email them.
They're just faxing them.
They don't email them.
There's a penalty.
They're going to move on.
I'll work it up.
No, I don't have any messages on there.
I don't have any, nothing.
Try an email.
You try emailing me something while I read the speech.
All right, I'll send you a picture of York.
Of who?
York.
Oh no.
Anyway, Mike Furner writes, shocked.
I'm simply shocked that abuse is going on here.
George, that's not the way Americans do things bush is outraged.
General, those troops let us down.
Kim it is outraged.
Senators in congressmen are outraged.
Everyone is shocked.
Simply shocked here that abuse is going on in Abu Ghraib prison.
Of course, it's an outrage that American soldiers and mercenaries are torturing Iraqi prisoners.
But ask anyone who's gone through military basic training, they might well ask you,
well, what do you think was going on in Iraq?
What could be more naked abuse than cluster bombing children in terrorizing whole cities?
What could be more obscene in sending armless and legless GI's home by the plane load?
Our leaders are outraged that what's happening inside Abu Ghraib,
when they know full well that next year in Halujah, our troops were killing so many people,
including women and children, that the soccer stadium was turned into a cemetery.
There have been pictures of all of this, too, not on 19th century Fox or other corporate news outlets,
but there were pictures of plenty.
In 1984, Orwell describes how big brother keeps the citizens of Oshyana in life.
The country is in line with a daily televised, two minutes hate directed at the nation's public enemy number one.
He was the primal traitor, all treacheries, acts of sabotage, heresies, deviation spring directly out of his teaching.
He seemed like some sinister enchantor capable by the mere power of his voice of wrecking the structure of civilization.
Once the good people of Oshyana work up a good hate, they're ready to let big brother do whatever he wants to protect them from their supposed enemies,
bomb them, kill them, young and old, put them in places like Abu Ghraib.
We, of course, don't do this personally. We'll prepare a vulnerable segment, a vulnerable segment of our own population to do it for us.
It's called basic training.
We take kids hoping for college, looking for direction, heads full of myths about how Oshyana always stands for freedom and democracy.
We systematically dehumanize them in basic training and teach them how to dehumanize others over there until those others become the enemy.
Surely whatever happens to the enemy is fair game. They are after all the enemy.
Consider this from Hal Muscat, who went through basic training at Fort Dix New Jersey,
describing a frightening scene during bayonet practice for a thousand young men.
In between the call responsive, what's the spirit of bayonet? Kill, kill, kill, drill, unstructured d.i.s,
would pick up megaphone and scream, see those 130s landing? They're bringing in bodies of dead Americans killed by gooks.
The gooks murdered our soldiers. Do you want to be a body on that plane? I can't hear you. What's the spirit of the bayonet?
Every once in a while a d.i. would pull several of us aside and give us lessons on the properties of bayonet and performing a field abortion.
Stick the bayonet in the gooks, I can't say the word, and pull it up toward her throat.
But then gook in the womb saves American lives.
Or this from Roger Dama-Galski, the scrammowate, was told as a recruteness duties after basic training.
From the first moment we arrived, we offered our words, girls, ladies, sissies and worse when insulting us.
And there's another one we can't say.
Thus women as a whole become a derogatory concept, very sexist and very dehumanizing.
I've been dehumanized to such an extent that I completely liked all empathy for these frightened new trainees.
Instead of treating them indecently, I mistreated them as I've been mistreated.
Once a dehumanized person you need to maintain control, because such a person is liable to do anything from a relatively mild hazing I engage to,
to the Nazi-like tactics used by the guards against their Iraqi prisoners, yes, basic training works all too well sometimes.
Should we be shocked that good American kids are filling fallujah's soccer fields with corpses,
torturing prisoners in Abu Ghraib, raping their own female comrades?
While in Baghdad recently more than one Iraqi asked me this tough question, how can your soldiers do these things for America?
Don't you live in a democracy?
Perhaps someday we will live in a democracy, no longer train soldiers to do these things in our name,
but until then we continue to live much closer to the condition Eugene Dems described in the closing months of World War I's butchery in his famous Canton Ohio speech.
When the feudalords concluded to enlarge their domains, they declared war upon one another.
But they themselves did not go to war anymore than the modern feudalords, the Burns of Wall Street go to war.
The serfs have been taught to believe that when their masters declared war upon one another, it was their patriotic duty to cut one another's throats.
The working class who fight the battles and furnish the corpses have never yet had a voice neither declaring war or making peace.
George Bush can be outraged as the news from Abu Ghraib, but he is the one who unleashed the dogs of war at the behest of our modern feudalords.
The result is never pretty. Are we shocked?
Mike for an revisited Iraq for two months earlier this year, he served as Navy Cormin during Vietnam, member of the veterans for peace and a former member of the Toledo Ohio City Council.
Good on out. It's on our website.
Sounds like a comic.
Panko, bygit.
There you go. Just like you.
Well, two out of three.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon.
Lied off, forget you on the QM QT six day, TAYA tonight.
At Gatsby's and Davy located on 595 in the University, Rage Stoppile for specials on Bass Beer plus when Marlon tickets and other crappy QM prizes.
That six o'clock at Gatsby's in Davy with Bass Beer.
And then join George tomorrow from 111 at Fort O'Pompo located at 1000 North Federal Highway stop by to spin that wheel for some really laughable prizes.
And enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs, which is serious stuff where I remix the difference.
That's George 111 at Fort O'Pompo tomorrow.
Oh, I got an email. Is this the one you sent?
I sent you it.
Maybe now maybe it's working on maybe Eric.
Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric.
No, this is the one from Eric.
This is the one, Ray, my email. Just a moment.
Well, moment, please.
He says, oh, I see. So in other words, it's not just me. It's my email service that's having a big problem.
But I got this one.
So maybe the problem is a finito.
It's not a big deal. It's just at least a little bit unsettled because like maybe Ed McMahon don't have my phone number.
He's like, oh, you're checking for $10 million. I got to wait for you here.
Neil, just give me a call.
You know, are those specials on Viagra? You don't want to miss those?
Oh, God. I guess the people that run all of this crap that all this spam and junk mail, all this other crap.
I guess they assume that every mail in America is like a limp and is impotent and is frustrated and hung like a bee.
You know, I just, and of course, I guess they have a point.
Right.
Dave says best restaurant is full videos in downtown Hollywood full videos 1900.
They move from TV. Oh, yeah, they used to be there on TV road extension.
I remember full videos. Remember where that was? Nope.
What's the other restaurant that used to be there are our friends that are now in pizza loft the plaza there?
Die.
Oh, come on. They have a great crme brulee, the Armadillo Cafe.
Oh, okay.
They also used to be writing that same area on the Davey Road extension.
And they said, oh, man, every time our customers come by, their horses keep running away.
So they move from there to a 19 to downtown Hollywood full videos.
We'll get that on there.
Also the blue door from David and the design district at the Delano Hotel on South Beach.
What's happening to South Beach? I'm hearing some nasty things.
I don't know.
You don't know. You don't know. You worry about that.
That's what I wasn't you tell me. Somebody else was telling me this.
Even a three in the afternoon. It's really dark on South Beach.
And a lot of people are like bailing out. What do you know how that goes?
La Ville, Maison, in Boca.
Now, I'm sure that he's not spilling a right now. I'm not pronouncing you right.
But you'll figure it out. La Ville, Maison, in Boca.
Let's see. You're getting Lexington Tery down there. It says.
Ha ha. Says Liz. That's what all the yasu, the yahu's listen up here before they turn on rush.
Where is this from? I wonder.
They also think Uncle Neil is Neil Boerts.
Wow. Lexington Tery are like Ross and Ron and Moron,
but with the even more trailer trash.
By the way, you're dream with all the dump buttons. Classic stress dream.
Had to listen to Dr. J Brown for two years before finally getting empty.
Thank you, Liz. For the good news.
Okay, we're getting another crappy show on Cheap Channel. Let's what you're getting.
We're yesterdays. We got a fitness.
As you weigh in.
Absolutely.
So like all the Harper.
Don't go for every time I see.
That free part if you wish.
Don't go for my TV.
He's president of the.
Republican muscle and in our table and idiot.
I don't know why they want to have a night here.
First for the next four years.
With president dumps.
Republican.
Or what I get to.
Got both ones more.
And get to we all voted for.
I'm not.
We've got a great leader.
With president dumps.
About my 15 to 560.
And bad news yesterday just closed.
They're out of business.
Well, what a sand.
Maybe other customers died.
You think that's possible today.
They had a pretty old crowd there.
But the pool was magnificent.
Nice view.
Really very good food.
I ate there only once I believe.
But it was outstanding.
It was pretty.
On.
Daily.
And out throughout a business.
That would be from Monday's pool.
And the best out of business restaurant.
How many times have we done that this month?
About 30.
Man.
Can't live in a past man.
So we got to remove yesterdays.
I apologize for that.
That's my bad.
Did we even put it on there?
Yeah.
No, it's off.
Oh, it's already off.
What? Eric. He's on top of it.
And be.
And thanks for the email, Eric.
I got the one.
But that I never got yours.
All right.
So evidently, certain email services are having some real serious problems today.
That's bad.
Cliffs as the old Heidelberg of St. Rodi IV is good winner.
Schnitzel.
Is that still around?
Yeah.
See, we get into this every time.
What's the German restaurant in Hollywood?
I have no idea.
Oh, yes, you do.
The old Heidelberg.
I've eaten there many, many times.
Not in a very long time.
But that used to be great on St. Rodi IV.
I guess there's still lots on the sunrise, right?
OK.
And then the one on on Federal Highway in.
Howlanddale.
German restaurant.
And there used to be Mr. Dunderdecks in the Assyria's Mall, which courses long since.
Close down, right?
In fact, that's probably would have been convenient for you not too far from where you are.
But it's a long way.
Now, that was a good placement through Dunderdecks.
And the guy that used to run it, he was a real full-fledged card-carrying host effort.
Giannis of Atlantic.
See what Mohawk it says here.
This must be from somebody we know.
Maybe my good friend, Irv Poskovnyak.
What's the guy's name?
That owns all the Jewish race horses here?
There?
I've got his number somewhere.
I'll get to it.
Giannis of Atlantic.
OK.
Thank you so much.
Go Leaf.
Go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18th team for Rise and Marlos Line.
We're looking for the best sit-down restaurant.
Not just for the pool.
But for a lot of hungry people out there.
In fact, maybe if they know Mohawk, we can get them a free meal.
Absolutely.
How come we didn't put that steakhouse in Bokon here?
What is it again?
What is it?
The one at the Beast knows.
The one at Mokon, I'll bend out a shape about it.
New York Prime.
New York Prime in Bokon, man.
What is the Beast gone?
No, he's right there.
What is he doing?
Laying on a floor roll around the table.
We're not sitting on each other's lap.
I got a stomach ache.
I don't expect that.
I'm sure it's how he eats it and on anybody's lap.
If you can meet, holy moly, man.
Every time that he needs to go on Mikey has to move.
Well, and that's good.
I'm doing a public service, probably keeping alive through the weekend anyway.
So close to the exercises, that tub of crap is ever going to get.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
QAM, hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir, Mr. Collar.
Good morning, sir.
Good afternoon, excuse me.
Hey, one for your poll.
La brochette.
La brochette?
See, it's in Cooper City floor.
The best kept secret in South Florida.
I'll be there in Cooper City where, like by Hyades there, maybe?
Yeah, Hyades in Tett Hyades and Shoda.
Oh, I know exactly where that is.
What is it?
La brochette.
La brochette.
I'll check it out.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great week.
You got it, YouTube.
Got it.
La brochette.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
You know how much I can eat the fresh meat right here
in the front of your hips.
Good job.
I need to say something.
I love when I could go inside the room.
You can sit down and eat what you want.
You can sit down with your feet.
You can sit down and eat what you want.
I  Supports and The Business Talies and You Rice.
I am so glad to do that.
You can sit down and It's an organic clinical Thank you!
The bark, we have you and today we're going to eat that.
Today we're going to eat that.
We're going to eat that.
Today we're going to eat acrhino.
Then you might have a estgioia whether you want to eat that.
Christie's has seven, Anthony's runway 84's got six.
Trust me when I tell you, love it.
Runway 84.
Just make sure you have the right outfit
on when you go in there.
What are you laughing about?
Didn't need it, that's great.
In fact, as a guy looks just like Mo Green,
that's the May to D.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Get some new glasses, Mo.
Anyway, runway 84's got six,
Mamba Jamba's got six.
And what are they set on hell, six?
Smokey bones, Garbacus got five.
The Sage Cafe's got five.
Four for Fox's Sharon Inn in La Pyrranda.
Capital Grills got three.
Sime cuisine, three.
Alexander's three.
Armadillo Cafe's appear.
Cafe 1909's got two.
Rast allows two.
Black Orchid two.
Crabby Jack's two.
And then for one of peace for Michael's kitchen,
Arturos Cafe Month,
which I'm sure that's not spelled right.
They're month,
ronos, a third month, an arrow, whatever.
Cafe something, brothers got one.
Texas State Broughtfield has got one.
And none yet for Cafe Tex Max, full videos,
the Blutor, La Ville Maison,
Giannis, New York Prime, or La Ville Rochette
out of 279 votes.
I think you're full of La Ville Rochette, myself.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Verizon line.
QA Mellow.
Yill.
Yes, sir.
Barton G.
Fourteenth in West Africa.
What is it, Barton One?
Barton G.
The catering guy from New York,
to restaurant on Miami Beach.
It's expensive, but it's one of the bit is,
the best restaurant in South Florida, by far.
Spell it for me.
B-A-R-T-O-N-N-N-G.
Oh, Barton G.
Barton G, yeah.
Okay.
The best.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
No, Barton.
See ya.
Barton G, you got it?
We got it.
All right.
26th page, New York, you and Mad Dog
will be along at the, to this afternoon,
got that big heat game.
What is that game?
Is that game five tonight?
It's tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
Series all tied up to a piece of heat, Indiana.
Anybody care about basketball?
No.
I sure is held down, but it's just, yeah,
it's something for these people
to sneak their teeth into.
Oh, it's the heat.
Let's go, heat.
Now, just a couple of months ago,
they were saying that heat should only croak stuff like that,
which is a very bad thing to say.
But now that the heater and the playoffs,
and actually came back and tied up that series,
and of course, just not too many months ago
before the World Series and the playoffs,
they were saying, bye bye, Marlon's, you know,
and I love the Sunday, Marlon's one,
the World Series and their first place again,
and they want to get last night.
And everybody's a big Marlon fan.
One thing about South Florida, man,
when it comes to front running phonies,
there ain't nowhere on a planet
can come touch us with a stick, not even close.
You know, buying a mattress can really just fry your brain.
So many brands to choose from,
different model names that are restored,
it's almost impossible to compare.
And then there are all those phonies sales,
but phonies promises and strings attached.
You really do have to redefine print on those.
That's why a dynamatric is such a great alternative.
It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress
and be guaranteed you're gonna get a hell
of a deal all the way around.
When you call 1-800-MATRIC,
you get the best prices on the best brands
with delivery on your schedule,
when it's convenient for you,
and the best customer service in the business.
Why would you want to shop any place else
unless you're nuts?
Now, the mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau
Local Torch Award for excellence
because they were harder than anybody else
to earn your business before doing an act of the sale.
When you call 1-800-MATRIC,
and talk to one of their expert betting consultants,
you'll be sure that you're getting the best possible
mattress and the best deal too.
Choose from a complete line.
They got them all served as Sealey Simmons,
King Coral, Tempor Pete,
Experts and Banana's Foster.
Dynamatric takes same day orders all day long
from Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
So call 1-800-MATRIC right now,
and then you pick the date into our winter delivery,
you want your mattress delivered,
and guess what they show up on time.
In fact, 99.7% of the time.
I've been doing business with these folks for years
and I recommend them enthusiastically.
All you have to do is make that one call the first time.
You never dream of Dynamatric any other way.
Call 1-800-MATRIC or log onto their website,
mattress.com.
Dynamatric 1-800-MATRIC,
the easiest possible way to buy you
a great new name brand mattress.
The line and the wall versus 4-20-MATRIC.
You weigh in.
Gentlemen, let's get down to business.
When survival all scars is over,
what will happen to Boston Rob?
Embo, you and I should get married.
You're a pig.
I never liked you.
I love you too, Embo.
I'm wearing your buff.
You scared me.
Will Boston Rob and Embo fall in love?
You scared me.
Or will things go bad, Embo?
I buy a kiss because you make me want to be a bet of me.
I'd like to take your eye out with a salad fork.
I love you too, Embo, but I don't need salad.
Will Rob and Embo survive life?
After reality TV, Embo, I need that, you son.
You can't keep showing up at my job.
I have a restraining order.
I love you, Embo.
And what planet does someone who looks like me
wants someone who looks like you?
Rob and Embo, Embo and Rob.
One of the world's great love affairs.
You smell like feet.
I love you, Embo.
Yeah.
From 32 at 5.60 W.A.M.C.,
this is the idea of honor pool today.
Think of it this way.
If somebody else, like Rimmer, for example,
was going to buy you dinner, obviously, it's just a joke.
If somebody else was someone who didn't,
and one restaurant in Sanford, and you could pick
where it was going to be, what would that restaurant be?
So that's a good way to do it.
I'm going to put it in a name.
I know what my favorite restaurant is right now.
Yeah.
Wait, Arnold's Royal Castle, thank you very much.
Oh, thanks very much, Wayne, and Hudson,
and everybody else.
What do they bring you?
The Lot.
Neely Burgers.
Neely Burgers.
Triple Poynats.
White Hot, says chicken.
Oh, get Gary Sarner up there for some of the White Hot's.
Just don't tell him it's Treyf, OK?
You're going to burn in Hell, Gary.
I'll guarantee you that.
Man, do I hate him.
W.D.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can I talk to Diel?
Speaking.
Diel.
Yes.
I can't believe you haven't heard of Villa Maiton.
No?
Sure.
Positive.
It's a five-star restaurant.
And it's up in Bokeh.
I have never heard of Bokeh.
I stayed in Hell away from Bokeh.
Well, how about the Down Under and Capavec here?
Do you remember those?
Yeah, I do.
But that's OK, both out of business.
Yeah, but that's OK.
OK, great.
560, 7.560.
But 560, let's talk about a bunch of great restaurants
from the past.
We've done it.
How many times this year already?
530, man.
Let's cut the crap, OK?
I don't hang out in Bokeh.
I haven't been in Bokeh in the years.
Yeah.
Have you?
Maybe once a year, I'll go up and visit Bokeh.
And you'll have a barbecue or something.
OK, well, let's put that again.
That's first specific reason you're visiting somebody.
Sure.
But other than that, I mean, these people
are like, oh, well, I live in Bokeh.
You know, like Moe, for example.
Absolutely.
What is that all about?
Why in their right mind would anybody want to live in Bokeh?
It's too damn far from anywhere.
Right.
All the old Jews from the beach that everybody
tried to get away from.
They've all slept up to Bokeh.
Who the hell wants to live in that kind of environment?
What is there?
We don't have a lot of Negroes here.
We what?
Don't have a lot of Negroes here in Bokeh.
Oh, is that what it is?
There that is white?
Very white, yes.
White?
Wide swiles.
Oh, we don't have a lot of Negroes and plantation acres
either when you come right down, but what
does that have to do with anything?
Or Jews either for that matter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Although we do have a shul.
Town 5, 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon wireless line.
You also have a kingdom hall.
Yes, well, we got them all, man.
We got the Mormons.
We got the Born Against.
We got every far-bison.
I mean, you name it.
Every religion that's ever been invented in the acres,
we got some place for them.
A temple of shrine is something.
WQA, hello.
On the hill.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing plantation acres?
You got David Simpson is the Jew.
Oh, no.
All the other guys are the basketball players,
but that's not what I'm calling for.
The basketball players live in the acres?
From the heat, Mary?
Oh, no.
Don't want to worry get out about that.
Well, don't run into them at the sawgrass published.
But anyway, Neil, is Carrie just really trying to lose
this thing or what?
Those ads on TV, I mean, they say out low in steps.
I mean, what are they talking about?
Yeah, he was pretty animated compared to this one.
Carrie is just a weak fitter.
He was a weak fitter last fall.
Mm-hmm.
Neil, you can talk about old Vietlberg.
Were you talking about the very privileged
the one you were thinking about?
That's the one.
Thank you very much, but very privileged.
Is that still around?
It is, man.
That's a good place.
Let me tell you for stakes.
And I tried looking up on the internet,
but you just picked up the phone fast enough.
There's a stake house in the new diplomat down in Hollywood.
Yeah.
It's the die for, man.
Somebody, somebody all over the name, they'll fix it in.
All right, man.
And also, the after this, you got to do, like you said,
slippers don't go to these places.
You got to put the winter up against Alpacum.
Watch how many people built for Alpacum.
They didn't know I love you.
OK, hang on.
Yeah, the Alpacum.
I'm doing a lot more business in terms of, you know,
they got to turn over a lot of people
in there to make the cash that Ruth Chris is making.
You don't walk out of Ruth's Chris
paying 20 or 30 bucks for dinner unless you're rumored.
And then you pay the big.
Oh, he was on his good behavior.
Yes, Dan, I think he was doing that intentionally,
because especially since Jigsmeek Donald
read flag that thing with an email about how
was already ripping him ahead of time
for having to buy him lunch.
And he reached back where like most guys
would have their wallet.
Well, actually, he reached that far back.
He reached back about to the middle of his back, you know,
which is unless you got a pouch,
it's kind of hard to hide your wallet there.
And I said, nah, forget about it, Rimmer.
I don't want to, it'll be bad luck.
It'll spoil the string.
Just to keep your money.
Keep bastard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
And then the other thing Jigsmeek Donald's
going on about, oh, do you hear the things
that he says about you?
All these people see, I don't really care
what the audience thinks.
See, they think it's serious.
Oh, he must hate that, Rimmer.
Who cares what the audience thinks?
You know what I'm talking about?
It's a radio show.
That's all.
You know who your friends are.
You know who you really like or really likes you.
You don't worry about what you say.
It's a radio show.
Oh, my God.
Please, let me out.
In the person's memory case, it's all true anyway.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Nioh, why are you guys?
Pretty good.
I got one for you, Paul.
I'm called the Rustic Inn.
It's a four-hour day off, Griffith.
I heard that.
Yeah, then there's another place
that's been there like 40 years plus.
What do they got?
What's their thing?
They got a golden garlic crab.
Hmm.
I'm out of a pot and a new stripping oil and garlic
and garlic.
Nothing like crabs in a pot.
Right.
OK, thanks a lot, Ponyo.
What is your?
Did you play the record you're
for a dream music much anymore?
I missed that, especially with the story.
Well, when we have a ballgame, we always
play that going into the ballgame for you.
Hey, J.
Oh, hey, Vick.
You good boy.
In fact, as we played our card rights,
we could play this right up, what do I say?
Right up to Lamarla Game and 810 to 9.
8105, whatever the hell it is.
Rush.
Are you gritting your teeth?
Rush.
Puffing on the one, Rush.
Antiboy.
He got him from a doctor.
Pill popping Nazi, baby.
Really sad.
Oh, not only that, but one of the websites,
I figured which one it was, the real good one by David Brock.
We have a link to it.
So I was checking that thing out the last couple of days.
And it's got all these quotes because they rip Rush and ass.
And they point the big spotlight right
on all of this garbage he spews.
Not being one that ever listens to him.
He went on vacation.
I just refused to listen to that crap.
I was reading some of the stuff on there about Barney
Frank and about this one in an anti-pollocene
and all this other right wing crap.
Just garbage, just stupid stuff.
I mean, here are all of these horrendous things
going on in the world.
And this guy, everything is a big joke.
Everything is yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
Oh, I wasn't really serious anymore.
He was just joking.
Oh, he's right.
What a subhuman piece of garbage.
And the people listen to him.
They're in the same category as far as I'm concerned.
All right?
You can't listen to that.
Oh, we just want to hear what the other side is saying.
Well, he ain't the other side of anything.
Okay.
The other side of the load.
He's the other side of the human race.
I'm ready to eat to who happy about this story.
Judge rejects bid to stop same sex marriages and Massachusetts.
Oh, my God.
A federal judge has today rejected a last minute bid
by the conservative groups to block the nation's first
state sanctioned gay marriages
from taking place in Massachusetts next week.
US District, Judge Joseph Taro said Massachusetts.
In fact, I'm here in the rumor is that beast
and their clerics are high-tailed up to Boston this weekend.
So it's a beast hometown.
They're gonna tie the knot.
The third has dibs on the groom.
US District Judge Joseph Taro said Massachusetts high court
acted within its authority
interpreting the Massachusetts Constitution.
The plaintiffs immediately announced
they take their case to the first US circuit court of appeals.
Taro heard arguments once down.
A petition spearheaded by the Florida based Liberty Council.
Oh, we know about them.
Enjoyed by the Catholic action,
we sure know about them.
11 state lawmakers and conservative legal groups
in Boston, Michigan and Mississippi.
Matthew Staver, present in general counsel
of the anxious right wing Liberty Council,
had argued that the state's high court overstepped its bounds
when it ruled in November that gay marriage
should be legal in Massachusetts.
He pleaded with the federal judge
to prevent this constitutional train wreck.
How do you like that?
A state attorney arguing on behalf
of the Supreme Judicial Court said that the court
based its ruling on the Massachusetts Constitution
and the case did not belong in federal court.
The Massachusetts Court ruled that city and town
courts could begin issuing merge licenses to gay couples
starting on Monday.
Oh, right.
Here you go.
Get on that plan, B.
All of the hop aboard, let's Chris Moron would say.
Moron.
1241, Chris used to say a hot dog hop aboard
and I'm sure we can't say that anymore.
Can we?
No, not with the connotations that that involved.
19 to one, we got the mad dog at two o'clock this afternoon.
The humpers off today because he's over there
concerning with Dave Johnson in Baltimore.
Speaking of that,
all you racing fans tomorrow,
May 15th, Pompadoparco, feature of Somal Casting
of the 1209th,
running of the pre-nest digs from Pimlico Racecourse
in Maryland.
What is the thing that they eat there or crab cakes, right?
Isn't that the big thing?
In Maryland?
Yeah, in Baltimore.
Okay, so you can watch and wait you
on the second leg of the Trigger Crown,
right at Pompadoparco tomorrow.
In fact, there's early birdway
doing on the pre-nest dates starting at one to seven
in just a few minutes and for both days,
Pompadoparco will have free past performance pages
for the pre-nest field.
Tomorrow Pompadoparco opens extra early
with its new audio can eat buffet on the four floor,
starting at 4.30 in the PM.
Just to have mild from both I and 95 in the turn pipe,
Pompadoparco is easy to get to and best of all
they offer your free admission
and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Wednesday,
Friday, like the night and Saturday,
poker starts at noon,
so it's underway already today goes on to midnight
and live racing gets underway nightly
with a brand new post on 7.25 in the PM.
Pompadoparco also has the best
in Somal Casting seven days nights a week.
The best in harness,
thoroughbred highlight action from all across North America
for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompadoparco blocks out of Atlantic Boulevard
on Powerline Road for the Courtaway Schedule
954-972-2000 or check them on the web,
Pompadoparco.com.
Don't forget watch and plunge on the pre-nest
this weekend today and tomorrow at Pompadoparco.
Live and local here sports radio 560-CUA-M.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
Pompadoparco.com.
18 at 5.60 W.M. Happy Friday to you.
Mad Dog coming up at 2.80 K for the Humper from Vegas at 4.
Hank is in the Baltimore.
Marmer for the Apprentice.
On Wednesday I forgot to even talk about this.
Move on.org.
And the Relatives to the Plei.
On Memorial Day weekend, Hollywood was releasing a summer blockbuster movie that's making the Bush administration very nervous.
In fact, it would rather you didn't see it at all.
Why? Because it's a disaster movie about global warming.
Oh my God.
While the day after tomorrow's more science fiction than science fact, everybody will be talking about it and asking could it really happen.
This is an unprecedented opportunity to talk to millions of Americans about the real dangers of global warming and export President Bush's foot dragging on the issue.
It's also a fun movie to see with friends over the holiday weekend.
So here's the plan.
On Memorial Day weekend, grab a few friends and go see the day after tomorrow.
The movie The White House doesn't watch it to see.
After theater, meet up with other move on.org members to give out flyers that explain in everyday language what causes global warming,
how Bush's environmental policies could lead us into a real life climate crisis,
and what we can do together to meet this challenge then it's got a bunch of links and things and stuff.
Could I go see it?
Yeah, I got some free passes.
You do?
Yeah.
You're going to go see Troy.
Yeah, and I'll pay to see that.
And the day after tomorrow free.
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 60 on the 18 teeth and Verizon Wireless Line.
We're looking for the best sit down restaurant in South Florida right now, this moment, not from 100 years ago,
not from back when men were men and so were women, speaking of the Brazilians.
So far you can't touch with Christian battle and it's not even a battle for anything other than third, you know what?
Ruth Chris has got 128 Joe Stone crabs 44 and after that it's way down to the big cheese 21, Amelco's 20.
How can the big cheese am I stupid or what?
I guess what is that?
What is their thing?
The big cheese.
It's a big UN hangout down there you are.
And that's the third best restaurant in South Florida.
The big cheese.
That's a good pizza.
It's a pizza joint.
Yeah, pizza and you know cheap Italian food.
Much wealth.
Oh my God.
You can help peanut poppers.
Wings they got wings.
I don't think they have wings.
Like I said, here's the fact that it says the, for your poll, the best restaurant in South Florida is High Life Cafe at 3000 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Just down the street from Ruth's Chris.
If you're like soups they make the best Vichy swath.
Well I got another one for the list myself.
Houston's.
Oh very good.
Oh do I love Houston's or what?
I don't eat there very much because they don't have like a lot of low carb stuff.
Before talking about great soups.
And just great stuff.
Houston's is a fataloso.
Anyway it says they make the best Vichy swath.
Oh I don't want that.
That's cold soup.
And that's like some frog thing.
Yeah it's got to leak in it.
Oh the rumor I'm hearing is that because there's not going to be any hockey season probably next year that thing that the panf is do every year.
They're going to have a dinner where only Denise Poppan is going to be appearing.
It's going to be called waiter.
There's a frog in my soup.
And anyway it says they're duckling and salmon are fantastic.
Neither which I would test with your mouth.
And the most outrageous dessert is their orange and coconut chest pie to which I would say fat.
Orange and coconut chest pie.
That don't sound good to me.
Anyway, Sean of Floridadale says you're the greatest.
Thank you Sean.
Don't take it personal because it's just not my cup of tea.
It's not my tea room.
PS that enter the steakhouse in Western diplomat is Hollywood Prime.
Thank you Sean for a magnificent facts and enjoy the highlight cafe.
Enjoy the highlight.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Yes I got a restaurant for Neil.
Yes sir speaking.
I got the little Rosa 441.
Villa Rosa which is this is then Hollywood.
Hollywood just just north Johnson Street.
I have more 441.
Isn't that that pizza place?
The little pizza place here.
I think I got the food there.
It's pretty nice.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks pal.
Alright.
Villa Rosa.
See again I mean I have eaten there and it was pretty good.
They have the thin pizza they claim to be like Italy which it's not.
But it was pretty good.
What?
Oh nothing else that's something funny on TV.
Like what?
I'm kidding love you think it's not.
It's not.
I was just in Rome mister and I had one of the real thin crust real Italian pizzas.
They cook in the wood burning oven in like two minutes.
You can't match that anywhere.
And pasta oh Mamma mia.
The spaghetti pomegranate.
Where they like toss the Parmesan or Reggiano right in with a little bit of tomato in the pasta.
It's all mixed into it.
There ain't nothing in a word like that.
Mamma mia.
Mamma mia.
In fact they kept looking at me because it was my table I kept going.
Mamma mia.
Over and over.
Mamma mia.
Now in certain parts of Dave County of course when they say Mama it's generally followed by some other things but we can't say there's any more.
But in any rate.
What was I just saying?
How can pizza places?
I mean the big cheese is a UM's joint.
We don't have any audience at the U of M.
There are UM students listening to this show.
Apparently.
No I'll get out of here.
Are you crazy?
You're nuts.
No.
No.
No.
No time we ever had any responses when we started putting the naked pictures on there and then they started like you know the Gator crowd and the UM cro-
You know like that.
But other than that we don't have any UM people.
Even the beast will try to do that.
He'll guarantee you that.
Am I right?
Maybe one or two.
Yeah maybe one or two.
Maybe Mike Rosenthal was listening.
He's monitoring the show.
It's doubly news time is one twenty four.
I'm Mike Rosenthal and I'm a redo.
Oh God.
Put that thing back in a jar.
What a twerp.
Heat to me.
Everything that university mimics all about is the mic Rosenthal.
He's the epitome of what that places.
You catch my drift?
No you drift.
A silly person.
Him and J. Rokiech.
When he's 88 years old J. Rokiech is still going to be doing UM baseball games.
He's 110 years old.
Although his family does make a hell of a pickle.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
I'm surprised nobody said Houston's man.
Again when you look at pizza joints getting all these votes.
And I'll say it again.
Pizza loft is in let's say three.
Sixth place it's got 17 votes.
The food is excellent.
It's fabulous.
It's consistently good.
But the idea that it's the seventh best sit down restaurant in South Florida.
It tells me that the food in South Florida is falling on a hard times.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
Mr. or else you folks are just arguing that's a very good list.
That's what I think it is.
Don't you?
No, maybe they could, if you'd let him name more than Warren.
Yeah, maybe if they named like 10 or 15 or 20.
Kill some really good time.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I have a restaurant for your ball.
Okay.
How about Mark Flasola?
What is it?
Mark Flasola?
Mark Flasola.
Yeah.
What kind of a joint is that?
It's at one food.
Nice to sit down a little bit spicy, but delicious.
Is that an MRK?
Yeah, an MRK.
Flasola.
Okay.
And there's a cheesecake factor on my solace also.
Yes, the four.
I'll pass.
Okay.
Thanks, we don't have a great weekend.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Mark Flasola.
You got it?
We got it.
Oh, there got to be.
I mean, there's a lot of really gourmet restaurants.
But again, you can't just eat it.
You got to understand not everybody like George or the Beast.
Can you go eat where we want to go?
He's good.
Mommy and Daddy got a lot of cash.
They got the big bucks.
They spoiled them rotten.
Let's do a whole show that on people like spoiler kids
and destroy their lives like the Rimmers, for example.
They're up here now because their kids have a birthday.
Well, that's just another excuse to come up here and interfere with his life
and smother him and treat him like a five-year-old.
You've got a nice girl.
He's engaged.
He's going to be married, but they just won't leave him alone.
You know, he's doing really great at the fan.
He's got a nice career going.
But they're just smothering.
Just, you know what I'm talking about?
No.
Yes, you went out in your case.
Well, I mean, one of the world's smothered you, but not in a positive way.
No, probably with a pillow.
Right.
Bitch.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM.
Good news for it.
Oh, I've got to get this thing ready.
That's right, because we don't have no Josh today.
Silly me.
What we need him for is...
I can see him.
What?
That's what we need him for.
He's got a whole bunch of...
Lobster Fest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If you've never been there before, you don't know what you're missing.
This is no ordinary Asian but, in fact, the Emerald Coast is number four on a list already.
It ought to be number three, because this idea of the big cheese, man, makes me big sick.
Anyway, the service is great.
The food is fantastic.
It's a feast at the Emerald Coast.
Since the seasonal mouthwatering just started out with any or all of six different kinds of soup, they got your...
Uh, wanton in your egg drop and all those.
Then sampled dozens of delicious entrees like New York strip made order.
And their sizzling Asian grill along with that brand new Hunon fish.
Main lobster, thermometer style, Jonah crab, oysters and a half shell.
They got hand-carved, primary, waiting for their new Thai specialties.
And they got a full salad bar, full Chinese food lineup, the brand new sushi bar and fresh,
Siam cocktail.
And don't forget, you'll never walk out of there with a headache because they don't use any MSG,
no cornstarch, none of that crap.
They cook all their good stuff only with cholesterol-free oils.
And they got everything replaced every few minutes so that it's fresh, delicious and unbelievable.
And because you deserve it, if you're real cow, they got a dessert bar too.
After all these things, how can you have dessert?
Believe me, I've seen many of you.
At the dessert station, you'll find Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream,
all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit.
It's the perfect end to a perfect meal, even featuring Siam cocktail.
Well, he's not here today, so I figured we can have a little extra bonus.
Emerald coast, now with three locations for you.
Sunrise, sunny ais, pemberpines, take the whole family,
or book your next business luncheon right now and let them cook up a feast for you.
Take out an delivery available to voted number one by Zagat Restaurant Reviews
and WSVN News, a South Florida's best Asian buffet and they're absolutely correct.
For our information call 954-5723822-9545723822, the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Live at the local FISIS-560, the radio's all yours now.
QAN!
Is the base of FAP?
Jew.
This one, see that all you people know, how a stoner's feel.
You know, real high.
Well, you ask the brownies.
Look at that part, so glorious, that the Asian idol is curious.
So ask my mom for some cannabis.
You can smoke people's too long to bus.
Them uprends that love the part every day you're gonna know.
We just can't stop one day, we just even took up with the cops.
Smokein' a big fat hook up, say I plant my seeds.
Seeds, seeds, for my wheels.
Weepy, weepy, weepy, weepy, weepy.
To roll again, say I plant my seeds.
Seeds, seeds, for my wheels.
Weepy, for my bang.
Let it smoke fat-bong.
Say we do.
That bomb, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Love when I smoke the bomb.
Just like chicken chong, yeah, yeah.
That bomb, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Look at that part, so glorious, that the Asian idol is curious.
So ask my mom for some cannabis.
You can smoke people's too long to bus.
Them uprends that love the part every day you're gonna know.
We just can't stop one day, we just even took up with the cops.
Smokein' a big fat hook up, say I plant my seeds.
Seeds, seeds, for my wheels.
Weepy, weepy, weepy, weepy, weepy.
To roll again, say I plant my seeds.
Seeds, seeds, for my wheels.
Weepy, for my bang.
Let it smoke fat-bong.
Say we do.
That bomb, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Love when I smoke the bomb.
Just like chicken chong, yeah, yeah.
That bomb, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Take him in, get your passer right over here.
Welcome.
133 and 560, that's an honor to be gracing us with this fat presence today.
Now, this, uh, facts from KP of Coral Gables.
This is in the first time he's done this.
You know, good intentions, but treating us like we're a bunch of two-year-olds.
Like, we have no idea what's going on.
Don't know if it's true.
I just got through reading earlier in the show, the story from the National Inquirer.
And also the wire story about Linda England.
And all of her, uh, at least some of her, uh, but I'll read it again and make him happy.
Hey, look, here's a facts about, uh, Ron and Ron.
Ron and Ron?
Yeah, they're so off.
Going to big, uh, big blah, blah, blah.
Ron and Paul, you mean?
Yeah, well, that's, well, that's, that's the facts that's Ron and Ron.
Oh, Ron and Ron are going to a big, okay, good.
Anyway, it says go to www.mirror.co.uk.
The UK's New York Post and read about Linda's jail orgies.
Film having groups sex in front of a wrecky prison.
This has not been disclosed in the US news organization.
Says KP of Coral Gable.
Yeah, the young opus true.
Get with it.
Okay.
KP is always, always a day late in the dollar short.
That's because you're in the Gables.
Okay.
Stuck with a bunch of losers down there.
Very sad.
Already talked about it.
It was in the Inquirer.
It was unaware of services.
But the mirror says this grace.
US soldier, Linda England was filmed having sex in front of a wrecky prisoners.
It was claimed last night.
The 21-year-old privacy is already at the center of a storm over pictures showing
you're holding a naked inmate by a leash.
At Baghdad, notorious Abu Ghraib jail.
Now, more depraved pictures of the reservist in the series of sex acts with different colleagues have
been handed to senators in America.
One said she was having sex with numerous partners.
It appeared to be consensual.
Almost everyone was naked all the time.
We had that story yesterday.
Or was it even the day before?
Possibly.
Senator Norm Coleman added it was pretty disgusting out what you expect from Americans.
Oh, that's right.
Americans don't do disgusting things.
There was lots of sexual stuff, not of the Iraqis, but of our troops.
Other pictures in the New Dossi, a hand at a Congress showed Iraqi women made
to expose their breast and fourth sexual acts between male prisoners.
One was in an inmate abusing himself with a banana.
Among the most disturbing scenes was a video of a young male repeatedly banging
and was sold or until he collapsed.
The handcuffed prisoner appeared to have a rope attack to his waist with someone pulling him toward the door.
Senator Jew Lieberman said it just deepens the conclusion that this was a sublock that had gone wild.
Colleague Ben Nighthorse calculated,
I don't know how the hell these people got into our army.
There were several pictures of Iraqi women who were disrobed or pulling their shirts out.
They were not smiling, that's for sure.
It looked like they had been beaten.
Politicians had the new pictures of abuse, even more graphic than they expected.
Said Senator Dick Durbin, it's like looking at one of the rings of hell
and it's a ring of hell of our own creation.
Why am I reading this?
And we've been over all of this already?
Are you sure that's supposed to read amusing himself with a banana?
Private England, who was five months pregnant, was sent back to the US after the scandal
broken and facing a court marshal.
She spent two days doing menial chores like washing the walls at Fort Bragg North Carolina.
Perfect for her.
That's perfect.
The soldier tried to paint herself as an unmoving participant in the humiliating photos of her
with naked Iraqi on a dog lead, other shots including her pointing at an inmate's genitals.
She claimed she was following orders from persons in my chain of command.
Yesterday her sister Jessica Klein's stiber said she was being made a scapegoat.
I mean this stuff in here isn't even nearly as good as the stuff that was in the other two articles I read.
But thanks anyway K.P. and Corrigato, what time is your show on?
Get with it.
Just in case anybody missed the earlier crash.
She's pregnant but we're not really sure whether it was by her so-called boyfriend
or by one of the Iraqi prisoners.
That's what they're peeing in their pants about.
Or a billy goat.
Or that banana.
Let scapegoat her sister's talking about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It was a scapegoat.
It's got all the next sell down the hall.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's the heck are we today?
Pretty damn good, Pellie.
All right.
Listen, I got a unique one for your little restaurant fall there.
Uh-huh.
I know you don't like sushi but it's a place in Hollywood called Sous-Blu-Mun Cafe.
It's called why?
It's called Sous-Blu-Mun Cafe.
They got to go online if you know jazz and blues there but one of best kept secrets in that restaurant.
They got the killer steak and South Florida.
Really?
Not a steak joint.
That's like one of their big secrets there.
Where is this place again?
It's called, uh, it's owned by a tax putter and Kenny Millions.
It's called the Sous-Blu-Mun Cafe.
I know that but where is it?
It's one of my assets.
Oh, sorry.
Hollywood Boulevard.
Right on Hollywood Boulevard.
No, actually, I'm sorry.
It's on Harrison Street.
And now Hollywood Florida.
Now is that William Henry Harrison or Benjamin Harrison?
Georgia.
Thanks a lot, pal.
No, the streets in Hollywood, you should know this by now.
You're a Hollywood guy.
They're named after presidents.
Yeah.
I've always wondered.
And of course you'd have to know that the timeline there, okay?
Right.
I guess it's by Tyler Street, isn't it?
Harrison Street?
Yeah.
So that would be like William Henry Harrison.
Harrison, come on in.
I'm a call by the way, press.
I beg your pardon?
Harrison is just South of Hollywood Boulevard.
What about that?
No, but you're not understanding what I'm saying, you bossy.
If you follow the names of the streets, that's in chronological order of the president.
I do want to leave.
It's easier to know that it's just one block south of Hollywood Boulevard.
I see.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And we're going to put that on our sushi, whatever that was.
Maybe Greg will go there, okay, and choke on it.
Oh, God, Greg, leave us all alone with you.
Yeah, we don't want to share in your lifeless adventure.
I have no right.
Oh, God.
Greg Reed, man, an emotional cripple, a lunatic, a crazy person.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Gary Wu's in Boca on US1 Chinese food unbelievable.
Gary Wu, WOO.
Yeah, WOOS.
And P.F. Chang's also is pretty good.
Okay, thanks.
There's a couple, okay.
Well, I've heard of P.F. Chang's, over there.
Where's that?
I mean, I know we're supposed to be angry at him because he's snuck in another one,
but I've heard P.F. Chang, that's probably also in Boca.
He's sound like a Boca kind of guy.
Yes, in Boca, right across from FAU.
You live in Boca?
No, thank God I don't.
Oh, God.
I mean, you're not nearly old enough.
I mean, you know, when you get to be about 80, then you can be one of the old Jews in Boca.
But, and of course, by that end, the Jews will all be like in St. Petersburg.
We're St. Augustine.
Just keep running and running.
You can't run, man.
You want to run from the people who don't speak English.
They want to run from those dark folks over there that keep their invading South Beach all at hip-hop crowd.
Where is what's your name when we need her the most?
What's her name?
What's her name? The Arteko Queen.
I need to briot.
No, no. The Arteko Queen, she's dead with a yellow teeth.
About how the South Beach doesn't eat gambling.
What the hell was her name?
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
Man, our minds are just turning to jelly.
I never come to them.
Yeah, you did before my time.
No, but we've played. We got the cart there where she rambles on about the South Beach don't eat gambling and yada yada yada.
All of a sudden, the crap.
And then, of course, everybody's saying, see, Neil, she was right.
Of course, what South Beach is going to be in about two or three years, huh?
What it was.
No, that's never going to be an outdoor funeral parlor for old Jews.
It's going to be like some kind of a, I don't know what it is.
It's going to be nothing.
Crack city.
20 till two at five sixty.
WQA. I'm springing at a savings right now and saved like never before on a new car.
A truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
It's easy to find them and what worth the drive.
They're on US one just 20 minutes south of the 836.
And the reason it's worth the drive is because they're going to save you so much cash.
They're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great least deals waiting on you right now.
An 04 camera, your four runner.
Just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an 0 for a highlander just 309 a month.
Need a truck?
They got an 04 Toyota tonne with the safest truck in America and you can pay just 179 a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the fantastic unbeatable deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
They're locally owned and operated.
They want to make you a happy camper.
In fact, their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your work done and done right.
Easy to find them.
They're right at the corner of US one and 293rds sweet in a homestead.
20 minutes out of the 836 and waiting here this Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you free tires, batteries and replacement parts for the lack of your vehicle.
That's correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else, nowhere is be doing that.
So don't waste your time with those mega car leaders and car giants who shout and scream and carry out like lunatics and then let you down.
Call our friend David Rich.
He's the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead.
Call them at 305.
242.2.2.4.7 for an honest agribleness unbeatable deal.
305.2.4.2.3.2.4.7.
Drive a little and save a ton on your great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
We're supporting you on 516.
You AM.
But bad.
That's a movie.
I'm.
Any time they see that we're lacking in the home.
They provide a headline that will be you by the door.
You say.
Is the one.
Now they have only one.
They say the right.
No point about to die.
We got to.
Now we're hoping and save.
We got to.
We won the time is so long.
We got to.
We say.
We say.
We say.
We say.
Like the ball that day you American street my stay so yeah calls
exec of me.
We got a right?
She's down here with me.
We got him.
Just come on your knees.
We got him.
We got him.
147 at 560 WQM, Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock, 80K for the Humpirage 4 from Vegas.
Head of MP units's Abu Ghraib was under staff.
The general in charge of the Abu Ghraib prison guards accused of abusing Iraqi says military
intelligence.
We can leave his ignored request for more troops to watch prisoners.
You know who that is, don't you?
That, uh, I don't want to say it.
Let me give you a clue.
Yeah, yeah.
That one.
Caprisky or whatever her general.
Lieutenant General Janice Carpinski.
Oh, sorry.
Head of the Army's 800th military police brigade said she or superior officers and military
intelligence officers all agreed that a military intelligence unit was in complete control
of the prison near Baghdad when the abuses occurred.
The 800th MP brigade was not full of poorly, let me say it again, was not full of poorly
transsoldiers.
She wrote an email response to questions submitted by the AP.
By the way, speaking of emails, I got all my emails including that one of Bjork.
What a dork.
Don't do that again.
The CJT F-7 military commanders continued to assign additional missions to the brigade
despite numerous pleas for additional personnel to perform the missions already assigned.
Stephen Campbell and he just look at him, you know, he's a liar in a crook.
The Pentagon's intelligence chief told Congress on Tuesday that the military police under
Carpinski were charged regarding the prisoners and that the military intelligence unit was
only responsible for interrogations.
Such finger pointing continues as military officials prepare for the first court martial
of a soldier accused of abusing prisoners set to start in Baghdad Wednesday.
Soldiers in descriptions of American soldiers humiliating, beating and sexually abusing
Iraqis prompted apologies for the present outrage among Muslims of war leaders.
Carpinski's 800th military police brigade supplied the soldiers who guarded the prisoners
at the jail, which had been Saddam Hussein's most notorious lock-up.
A report on the abuses by Army Major General Antonio Tagubo Blames Carpinski for poorly
the ship and suggested she wrongly tried to pin blame for the abuses on others.
She defended herself in the email interview.
A coalition provisional authority the U.S. Let's Evidence Administration in Iraq also
never came through with promises to provide prison guards for Abu Ghraib, she said.
She said the prison was under the control of the Army's 205th military intelligence brigade
whose officers gave orders to the MPs guarding the prisoners.
Lawyers and families of the charge soldiers also said they were acting under orders from
intelligence operatives.
The orders came directly from the intelligence community, said Paul Bergen, the civilian lawyer
for Sergeant Jval Davis.
The MPs were told to soften up the detainees so that intelligence information could be
gathered to save the lives of the soldiers in the field.
And then of course those damn pictures, Jesus.
Right?
Jesus Christ, those gosh dang pictures as buddy bud Paxton would say.
5670560, pound 566 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
This is really, you know, I was really proud of the Ruth Chris part of it and Joe Stone
crabs as much as I disagree.
I can understand that.
But the rest of this list is like a little bit lacking in what you call QLIT area excellence
when you say, whatever you don't think.
No, I mean, Ruth Chris 138, the Joe Stone crabs 50, the big cheese 25.
It's a pizza joint.
Right.
Emerald Coast 22, Blue Moon Fish Company 20, the pizza loft 19.
We love it, but it's a pizza joint.
See, I think name recognition has a lot to do with what's going on here.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Christy 16, Christy's, I mean, now 17.
To say that the big cheese is better than Christy's, even a beast would have to laugh at
that.
He would have to chuckle.
He'd have to roll a big fat one in the sun, sentle when he saw that.
Wouldn't he?
That's right.
The beast probably don't need a Christy's because you can't, you know, in a fine restaurant
like that, you usually don't just pick out.
I've been there.
It's great, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
They don't have to be warm, saffers.
He's on the wall.
The fox will share it in 14.
The palm 13, only a sap would eat it, the big cheese.
Anthony's run away 84 or 13.
Don't let me forget now.
I'm going to like hook you up.
And then maybe you can be like a made man one of these days.
I'm going to like Joe Pesci, the headlake man.
La Vel Maison 9, Casa de Angelo 9, Canyon's 9, Capital of Real 8, Cheesecake Factory 8,
Eduardo de San on Hail 7.
New York Prime and Boca's got 7.
Moe don't like it.
Sage Cafe 7, Mamba Jamba 7, Rascal out of 7, the rustic N7, Smoky bones, Barbecue 7, Armadillo
Cafe 6.
I didn't even know we put that on there.
And it's well deserved.
That's a great place.
That's right, Kitty Corridor, the pizza locked in the pizza locked Plaza on University
driving the Davi.
Armadillo Cafe.
They got the best creme brulee.
Do you ever have that?
No.
Now, when you're diabetic, you should not be eating no creme brulee because it's covered
with like a layer of...
It's kind of like a little like tapioca sort of.
And it's covered with like a layer of like melted sugar on top.
Oh man.
Woo!
Wee!
Anyway.
La Veranda's got 6, Alexander's 5, Fulvio's 5, the black orchids got faux.
El Melino's now very...
We didn't even...
Nobody told me about that.
Somebody sneak that on there.
Yeah, that was my vote.
Well, El Melino's, of course, is still around here for Lauderdale.
And unfortunately for about...
Oh, I know, two, three, four years now at least.
They've been out of business in the plantation out there by...
on University Drive, just north of Peter's Road.
And that was a great place.
I just eat there all the time.
That was a fabulous place.
And then for whatever reason, they've been out of there and went in to somebody else
came in and some other Italian joy, which ain't even the same league.
But El Melino's is great.
It's on Sunrise, is it?
Yeah, on Sunrise, US1, by the Gavitte Theater.
Oh, I know exactly where it is.
It's been there many, many a time.
El Melino is excellent, baby.
So you see, I see there's so many great restaurants,
maybe just the people out by me, their West Brow,
maybe their taste is in there, Tosh.
Maybe that's why El Melino's didn't make it.
There would not, nothing not to like.
It wasn't a real super expensive place.
The food was fresh, the service was excellent, it was delicious.
And now it's gone.
No one, I don't know.
This is potential available.
QAM.
Ah!
Hey,istov is the sweet Parkinson's.
Dam  done for her, makes an ent lithration.
You're in place with our child, and who sings not the bread?
With the better way to rape and torture instead?
Uncle and I rack because we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
Push up our uniting occupation.
And we're all screwed.
Gonna stop it, we let them read a phrase.
And I'll let them fight for why you do their thing.
And those they get amazed.
Stack them in a pile.
There's a code at home and you'll say, Jesus, smile.
We'll spursly in all that's rape and torture.
In dress they go and throw the keys more far.
Like the first you only caught in order.
Look what we see.
Oh, oh, turn it up and see.
Now look at that bull die.
That's been hurt like rubber on a batter they die.
Ha!
Now, what's the rest of that Rick and Suds always used to have a sponsor
that was supposed to be so sensational and fantastic.
No, not the raspberry grill.
No, it was in plantation.
That's what I thought.
Now get out of town, man.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Was there sponsor for a long, long time?
Rick and Sud, it was in like in the Macy's Plans,
one of those places in plantation and university there, I think.
Begin with the P.
Who's with the P?
Piccadilly.
No, close.
Piccadilly.
Now, and begin with the P.
Here into you.
Okay, let's say I have about 230.
Okay.
And scope this thing out.
Anyway, best restaurant, sit down in all the town.
Ruth Chris, go there this weekend.
Bring a whole lot of money because it ain't cheap, but it is sensational.
142 with Chris.
Joe Stonecrab's 52.
The big cheese 26.
Oh, that's that, oh yeah.
The real kind of swears like the beast.
And then we'll coast 24.
Pizza lot and blue moon fish company tied with 20 of peace.
And Christie's 18.
Bye, bye, bye.
The meal rushes show.
I'm flying to the B.
On you Q.A.
My only 400 day off.
I love eating nuts.
I like the crem sickles myself.
