the kick is ass and then I'll steal his coup d'état.
I'm playing.
From the left that are ready over the radio dial screen.
They are last remaining member of the team is not being carried off the field in a stretcher.
The other team is just walking around the field and looking for somebody to play with.
So that's how about it, Tim?
We're going to play with them.
Hiya!
Hiya!
Hiya!
And I go home now.
Hi!
My name is O'Honey.
I'm kind of small right now, but I'm picking yachts of milk.
And pretty soon I'm going to be 7 years old.
And if I keep drinking milk, then in just a few years when I get to high school, I can start working out.
And if I keep drinking milk and work real hard, I'll be able to go to America.
And then for the Mr. Universe competition, then I'll realize that milk is for wooseys.
If you're going to compete in bodybuilding, you need to take steroids.
Then you can make violent movies, marry a Kennedy and become chairman of the President's Council on Physical Fitness.
Ha ha!
Look at me now.
Stereoids.
It does sub body big.
Actually, you sub steroids may result in death.
What do you mean sub family?
1027 at 560 WQ.
I am happy I went to the gym.
We're a little bit early today, but nevertheless, it gives you more time to tell your story about Scott Rellen 34SE and Vegas.
Not.
I wasn't there.
Zach was there.
Maybe we get Zach on the phone.
What do you say, Zach?
Let's get all the fat people in there.
By the way, speaking of fat people, are we doing both breaks?
Yeah.
Good.
Speaking of fat people, before the show this morning, I had a very unpleasant experience.
I don't want to mention any names.
But let me give the audience a little audio clue.
Hiya, Pau-di!
There you go.
Here's another audio clue.
Hiya, Pau-di!
Like that.
Now, did I say the other day, I don't want him anywhere near that studio, I don't want him farting out of the hallway.
I don't want the aroma, laughing into that studio, or any other place.
You did say that.
Low of you hold.
There it is.
One of those people you can't get rid of.
You cannot say goodbye to Jeff High.
And we wish you would die.
Right?
Speaking of being high, which is what you were talking about before.
Anyway, that's our musical question.
They is Jeff High.
So it comes in there in the sense of the beast, which I guess you probably figured it wouldn't get passed along,
which it did since the beast is even a bigger dancer than he is.
I'm going to get him worked up today, Pau-di!
I'm going to be there.
Let me go in there and get him all worked up.
Right?
Is that in my...correct?
He came through the door with a big smile on his face and said,
let me get him going this morning.
Let me do it.
And then comes wobbling back.
I know you're not going to talk to me, probably.
I know you're there, but I just have a good day.
I just proceeded to rip him and ask,
well, deserve being a lion cheating, deceiving, throwing everybody in the bus piece of turd that he is.
A fat, fat turd.
Not just a regular ordinary turd, but a huge gigantic mound of turd.
Besides a mound of Rushmore.
But nevertheless, have a nice day.
Don't do it again, fat boy.
You piece of crap, you man.
Who are you kidding, huh?
See, if he was like a new place and people weren't onto him,
I know him a long time.
I know his scams.
He was trying to make you...
Yeah, right.
Brimes with lice.
Join George and Voka Brian today, even though George is off today.
Well, he's not going to be at that treasure island.
Is he actually hoping he doesn't overbill him for that appearance?
Speaking of fat boy.
Well, that's your buddy.
Are you fat people stick together?
I'll fit turds of a feather.
Get stuck together.
Join George and Voka Brian today from 5 to 7 for Appy Hour Treasure Island.
Located off the Palmetto just north of the 120-second speed exit.
Stopped out of wind some real low budget prizes.
And check out this week's feature, Stephanie Evans.
She's the ping pong ball shooter, right?
Right.
The shooting, the shooting lady.
Stephanie Evans.
Now, also speaking of checking it out now,
although we probably shouldn't tip our deal here this early.
But Brittany Spears is on our beaded cream today.
Not naked, sorry.
That's the best we could do, but that's a fine picture though.
When you were bringing it.
That is a lovely picture.
That's as bad as that.
You get a little tattoo there right down by her.
Right.
No boobies, I'm sorry about that,
but she looks just fine there.
Brittany Spears.
Does she not?
Yes, she does.
I mean, she's no, um, overluvene,
but I'm going to want to get started with that again with you too.
Okay, I'm not going to mention her again until George comes back next week,
because you guys, your taste is in your touch.
I'm not saying she's a hottie.
I'm not saying she's mixed great music,
but she's okay.
There's no reason to like it all hysterical about opera-loving,
when there's so many other no talent pieces of crap running around.
Well, I mean, I'll take her looks before I take her music.
Okay, great.
She'll be right over her, the old pinhead.
She's fine.
There's nothing wrong with opera.
Well, I think it's just that she's Canadian,
you're holding it against her.
Yeah, that's it.
You probably would like to.
Yeah, exactly.
Probably would like to.
1031 and 560 WQM.
Show starts at 11, by the way.
We're just for a little time here, filling the old gap, filling the hole.
Magdog at 2, the Humprad 4.
Thank you all for a heavy goldberg at 4.
Okay, that's enough.
You got Geldie.
Not as smoky bones or anyplace,
because I guess people are getting tired of putting up with his whining and squealing.
But in the studio, Geldie, 7 out of 10, any kids attended at.
That's our lineup, our award when he starts that lineup.
We don't have David Letterman in the studio.
Sorry about that.
Who else was there today on Howard Boyhino,
a real star-studded cast, huh?
I don't know.
No, he mentioned a whole bunch of people.
Yeah, I think he had.
Right.
And there was somebody else,
something like Big Big Somebody.
Maybe it was Jeff High.
1032, 2084, 11, and 560.
Hi, I'm Paui.
Neon, God.
Language tape, number 7.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
Follow along and repeat.
Chinese takeout manager.
I know, I've been paying my eyes for what's going on.
Customer.
Yes, I would like an egg roll to go, please.
Takeout manager.
I know, you want to speak more, I know.
Repeat.
I know, you want to speak more, I know.
Customer.
I would prefer the egg roll, please.
Takeout manager.
I know, you want to move your fingers, make them a-
Repeat.
You want to move your fingers, making them a-
Customer.
No, no, no, Mou chou.
Thank you, and I requested an egg roll, please.
No, okay, speak more.
I know, you want to move them, I move them, I want to make them a-
No, no, no, Poo-Poo Platter
or a spring roll, just an egg roll, alright?
Oh, do we got to wire a spring roll, alright?
No, an egg, egg, an egg roll, I just want an egg roll, understand?
Shit!
Não, não!
Gulberoria!
Now turn this tape over to language tape number eight.
Giving directions to Iranian taxi drivers.
Okay, 10.31.
I see that Miguel disfacts me
email me I'm sorry a an Avril Lavigne thing I don't know what that's supposed to
mean. Maxim? Yeah what does that mean? Maxim's a magazine. No I understand that
but I mean what does it mean that he just sent that through? No idea he's not
here or we haven't seen him I don't know. Okay well I'm not obsessed with Avril Lavigne
needless to say but it's just I think you guys unnecessarily just went overboard
yesterday just to pacify each other I guess. Oh not Avril Lavigne and then that
jackass that called it. Oh what are you uh hung up on Avril Lavigne I'm hung up I
want to do her okay. Do you? No I sure don't. Anyway speaking of that Troy just can't
they just can't seem to get the job done. Steve Wolf if you're listening or anybody
at Pompa no park. Troll it. Just can't they do in fact here's a piece of copy of
you. Thanks to me or what? I did yes and who gave it to you? Troy. Who? Troll it. Oh
him. This was the see the spot doesn't run today ran yesterday so I have to do a
make good right now since we have about 22 minutes to kill anyway. Right. So I would
suggest you since you've got my facts number here I realize that my cost about 40
cents something like that probably not 40 maybe about 30 man. Yeah just
fact it to me directly because if you're going to count on Troy the boy you might
as well wait till hell freezes over if you catch my grip okay. Steve. God let's see
generic radio copy points that says don't you need this copy for today meaning
yesterday it's day to the yesterday 12 o'clock in the afternoon. All new horse racing
fans and poker players pompa no park racing and poker as all the gambling action
you want well we know it's easy to get there free admission free general park
every day. Live harness racing in the poker better write this on the log by the way
okay. I'm serious it's it's a make good spot for yesterday because they didn't have
the right copy because your buddy Troy is like out to launch he is O.T.L. Live
harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
poker starts at noon goes on the midnight. Live racing gets underway at nightly 7.25
in the PM Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
the poker room features termination with special Texas hold them seven cards to
determine starting at noon. Dollar when it's on Wednesdays with draft beer soda hot dogs
and more just a plug of pee starting at 6 p.m. and summer casting course every day seven
days and nights a week this Saturday the separate team this 10 for 20 dollar night when you can pay
10 bucks cash for a book of 20 dollars in pompa no park money to buy whatever food and beverage
items you want on the second third and fourth floors it's a great deal I use you a great night
of racing or poker. Pompato park a block south Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line Road for the
current racing schedule 9.5.4 9.7.2.2.000 or go online at pompa no park.com don't forget this
Saturday December 18 10 dollar for 20 dollar night to buy a whole bunch of good stuff to show
in your fat face okay we make that good or what okay nice go on Troy not okay now we do have
the story on that about the election in brow but we don't want to tip our head because that's not
coming till the show starts after 11 o'clock so let's take a whole bunch of calls right now we have
a few appointments on the book 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon and Singular Rottles month and then
maybe if we have enough time left over this hour the beast will tend to destroy the exact reported
about for wow at 34 C in Vegas from probably not a good idea you know we know nothing to do
that huh now I don't want to do that if you start spewing that stuff on it it would really blow
don't you think yeah wnaq amp hello hey Neil yes sir bash the beast line I was just letting you
know man she talked to Greg and maybe they could spend a five bucks on another roll of
10 foil to put on the tower yeah because signals dropping left and right it's already done
twice in your show you drop it all all through this turn show yeah great all right thank you
no thanks for the good news pali all right and have a great holiday see quite frankly we don't
care about things like that as long as we get paid right maybe you know the audience gets
screwed over to make this look really embarrassing and him really anyway do we really care
if they don't care why should we care right don't worry about things like that folks if you hear
like how's that time pretty good all right kind of like you guys were sounding me to the day now
was that on the year did we ever find out it was that like a on the line no it was on the year
yeah it wasn't on the year so onwards only I was hearing that like just driving me nuts but I
affix it that's more of my takeover the engineering bill being the mail by the way god I've done
more engineering work here in the last two days putting those CD decks in there and fixing the
phone line then some of our engineers had done like in last uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
30 years wade and hello yeah sir when is this hey good morning yeah that guy beat me to it he's
absolutely right it drops off I'm gonna drop it out 30 30 seconds to sometimes a minute and a half
it's good to you on the spot earlier when you were doing the spot half the spot was not for popping
apart uh yes sir that was a make good spot not something you got to make it good again well
maybe I'll just read it to eleven o'clock over and so that at least all the words are good on
that way what do you think there you go yeah hey listen um thanks a lot for playing some of those old
bits man that change a whole bunch of them coming up today on fact I'll be between now and the end
of the year that's ordering Chinese and the uh and the getting the pack of cigarettes that is
a miracle man that is absolutely hysterical I'd enjoy it pali have a great time I did five see
that's good I knew that some of our long panelists who are and even a lot of people who have never
heard those bits before saying gee that's pretty uh they're not bad you know it's good stuff it is
good stuff speaking of the good stuff what about that stirring up from Vegas now don't do it don't do it
don't do it don't be like saying trash about your good close personal friends oh here's it now I
just yeah I start doing that and I pick up these stories and these facts is and I have to be
streamed myself don't do it don't do it now okay a lot of pressure you okay now what time do they
I'm fine they've finished it 1024 this month it is a little bit disturbing though this concerning
finding out from the audience is usual we sure wouldn't find out from our crack engineers speaking
of people with crack problems uh anything about the signal crap it out that would be bad from
morale so we just won't pretend we don't know anything about it yeah McGell just came in and said
that said what said uh in his office in the radio we just keep you know coming on and off really
I mean like how often he just said the whole just you know it'll sound like it you know really it's
like that yeah but it's not but it's not in our uh it's not here and it's not there it's like the
transmitter in here we sound yeah we sound fine right well I wouldn't say you sound great beast I
mean yeah we're everything sounds fine everyone oh we're fine so it's not a problem in the line I just
want the engineers know that everything here is fine we're communicating we're agitating we're
palpitating but the problem is in the transmitter man we got and is it raining is it like the end
of the world we have it like a late season hurricane in December I don't think so oh it's nice
it's nice it's pleasant the sun is shining here it's like uh fuck third man yeah
toasty so what's not to like I just don't get it maybe the frigid weather overnight you think
that's it maybe even the adjoys course who needs to go out there and pee on the tower like to
a thought out a little bit yeah I think so don't eat yellow snow let's get the whole engineer
out there at the tower peen on it to like thought out from last night's deep freeze wd q a m hello
wqm hello I got a little information on the engineer problem and things just as it's all fat
in the signal no okay wqm how he's oil clogging you a signal up q amp hello good morning mr.
Rogers good morning sir hey three things um the beast has a drop where he's talking about he's
in the human being he's talking about like a 30 year line you know what I'm talking about huh
no for your screaming he's on the 30 year line I love eating nuts no not that one okay the second
thing the second thing the second thing is you know check this out on this is the base but fat
Jew yeah there's so ironic with the FCC in the censorship that's going on and now they got the
sequel to the movie meet the parents you know what I'm talking about with you right now I have
the title of that movie can you believe that they're letting that go out on the air and you can't
even play far sounds though I don't even know what it is what is it eat the parents well I would say
if I don't want you to dump me but the beast knows what I'm talking about yeah really yeah joy
well no I wouldn't want to dump it like give me a clue what's the name
what's the name is it's a legitimate movie title that's putting out I say yeah but it's pretty
risque that's what he's like to me like to complete the fuckers oh you know something I'm
glad you mentioned that because I saw a promo for that I don't know who isn't the game the other
night the money that game right and one of the points at one point when the announcer is doing a
promo he doesn't say the fuckers man trust me when I tell you I got really good hearing uh he says
what you think he says well that's that's something to talk about one one thing can you please
play the George uh the Bill Clinton Library opening please me oh Bill Clinton Library opening yeah
that's that's that you got in the Bill Clinton Library that they just opened what the hell is that
you have no idea huh well I'm looking I'm looking under let's see memoirs uh uh who he uh
jiggle o Monica rap I haven't got any idea what that is no no they just opened the new library and
everything and you take you play the food on it the other day and it was hall areas really I'll
I'll give it up all right thanks for that buddy say hi to mr. missus factor okay okay I think I got
I got a Clinton Library tour is that it you want to see well no wait a minute how come
hey well how come you got it and I don't have it I don't know it's weird um look him maybe I just
never put it in there here is that possible that would really be quite a person we'll go ahead and
give it a shot maybe they'll hear like 10 seconds of it the William Jefferson Clinton presidential
library is officially open for business the most expensive presidential library ever constructed
is home to the 42nd president of the United States hi there this is Bill Clinton I would like
to invite you to come to Arkansas and see this wondrous tribute to my awesomeness thank you
talking is allowed and so are many other things wow why we even serve moonshine and moon ties
in the Clinton commissaries yes we do visit the cigar room and soak in the history this is the
cigar I smoke with Nelson Mandela this is the cigar I smoke while meeting with its agribine and this
is the cigar we even have a few books I think I got the Da Vinci code somewhere around here in that
manner from Mars things whatever we're walking we're walking over here is my I hate bush voodoo doll
never thought I would say such a thing I romantic okay moving on we're walking we're walking
touching everything this room is called the Dallas suite it's where the cowboy cheerleaders look
oh
ever walking walking still touching a full-length mirror hello sexy all right we're walking we're
walking we're seeing someone approach nice hat oh sweet Jehovah's ghost hi Billy how did you
get in here your pictures up by the front door I look beautiful don't I you look bigger I've been eating
a lot yeah I can tell you you can't be here I'm giving a tour can I get a private tour that ship
is sailed messy I'm done with you hey don't don't don't be touching me let me just see
I don't hey let me just the tour will now take a 10 minute time out enjoy the moon ties and moon
chat I'll be back with you I get to the reason I never played there I guess I played it once
and I never put it in my DCS computer here's because I just I don't like it but I'm glad that the
guy you got here again why George to play when he's on because I don't didn't put that in there
I was just right that was pretty a marginal at best but I was okay kill some time like you said
five six seven oh five sixty that's very disconcerting the thing about the transmitter going on
and off now is this has this been going on all day or is this just something that we're getting
honored with or what's the deal here we don't know really or nobody knows the trouble would be
see wow we don't really care like I said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
Verizon singular wireless line oh and last night on the CBC and of course we have about three people
probably listen online in Canada but CBC last night had it on the fifth of the state show which
is a great investigative reporting they do every Tuesday 10 to 11 o'clock last night I should have
recorded the audio and then I could have filled all kinds of time with that but people would have
bored and so holidays they sliced up dick chaining like like you know when you put meat in the meat
grinder to make hamburger that's what they did to him it was great and a halibut and their illegal
offshore offices in the Cayman Islands which there's nobody there and it's just a PO box which enables
them to do business with Iran and Iraq for years all of the other criminality that goes on the
biggest crook in America the one who's really wanting to show dick chaining man what a good one with
a bull-dike daughter no sure so that's that's the one really man did they do a fabulous job
and of course don't hold your breath to see that kind of expose on American TV because they're all
peeing in their pants quaking in their boots they don't want to like rock the boat because
god only knows how long they'll have their rice and stuff like that really prophetic nice go on
there CBC and although hockey not only this season but Darcy Tucker at least said after yesterday's
debacle meeting in which Gary Batman hooked his nose a little bit actually the and the honest
saying it's that except them on M.I.L. this other crap not only will there be no hockey season this
year but very likely next season either two years with no hockey now is there anybody in its right
mind who thinks that in now you know like in Toronto and Montreal and Detroit the original teams the
original big markets that will make a comeback hopefully in the little survive but do you really
believe that in Florida and Carolina and Atlanta and Nashville and market in Buffalo markets where
it's already teed ring on the edge that people are going to come back in two years to go see hockey
again the NHL no very unlikely poor gold huh poor gold oh I forgot about that two years with
no hockey gildi it's looking really bad sweetheart wqa and hello yes sir Neil yep all right I just
wanted to tell you I'm I listen to Q.A. M. Alon man that thing's been dropping out all the
yesterday through the mad dog show to you're you oh yeah for sure definitely I'm glad to see
the right on a case
thanks for the good news pal you thought all right but see I would get upset about it but what
good is that going to do right it's not going to change my life no I mean I can go investigate
torque break do that man if I let's just all start talking that way what do you say then the
audience will we'll get them used to it we'll get them conditioned to it then they'll think it's
like the way it's supposed to be right like that that's good five six seven oh five sixty pound
and then of course the thing about the humvees and I just get angry or angry and nobody cares so
I'm not going to get all whipped up about those stories anyway there's no point well I'm
thrilled he ought to be not only fired at it he ought to be like they ought to have him on a
cross for the holidays they ought to nail his ass up there like a mizza they should like take
him to Fallujah let him go fight that's a good idea stick him right in the front lines let's see it's
said this is good it sounds like Joyce keeps falling asleep on the dump button for 30 to 40 seconds
at a time that's what's going on with our signal well again it's not involved in our stuff here
where did this sounds the fact sounds better than ever to me it sounds great even the b sounds almost
good almost here's the fact that says I know the subject was discussed a few days ago in your show
regarding public restrooms oh yeah you love the public tea rooms and publics by the way so I just
had to put in my two cents I was on a tour bus throughout Tuscany and as beautiful as this region
was the public restroom consisted of a well that's right of a hole in the floor and unless you're a man
us women had to squat with a precision of any major league catch here to do her business one
woman on our bus to her held it for four hours and exploded when we reached our hotel lovely how
do you like that now you traveling abroad that's one of the things like I said in Amsterdam write it
down Barbizon Palace Hotel that's at one end of the uh rude de Vassaline and then the grand craze
de Polsky toward the rear can I say that toward the back of the hotel they go through the lobby
through the back and they're not as they they like narrowed it down I guess because I kept talking
about it on here a lot of pain in the by bystanders and tutors off the street started doing
their business in there so it's not as big and palatial that's pretty nice but the one that
Barbizon Palace you could just die for you know they got like all the big individual booths to
the your serious dress and they got I think like ice in the urinals which we were talking to
today a nice cloth uh things to wipe your hands nice nice goopy soap and very nice I like to
build more of the cables myself really yeah in fact that might be a topic one day what's the best
place to when nature calls uh when you're away from home to take a whatever you know to do your
business yeah we want to get too well involved in that because then Joyce wouldn't get all been out
of shape but seriously that's something to think about I'm telling you right now I'm now in
Germany you talk about civilized okay they sure come a lot away since their barbaric days like
five years ago in Berlin and in Cologne which is the only well I've also been in the Humberg which
yeah I could have without Humberg but in all the major cities they have like public toilets out
on the street yeah you go down the stairs in fact what what the hell did it say I've been in
Berlin many times I never realized it until the last time and there was a big sign it's like like
you know the subways in New York or any big city but it's not a subway it's a public toilets
are they clean and you go down and say clean they're immaculate you can get off the floor
where you would because you could eat anywhere but uh and then they have like the towels and in
Cologne in the train station they have it's called Nick clean you know like McDonald's but it's
like clean and you go in there and across you like I forget to do a serious business across
you like a euro or something which is like a buck 33 now right and then like a lesser a ping
business across you like I don't know maybe 25% and you go through like a little term style and man
and they got like tall guys and stuff and just phenomenal I mean talk about antiseptic and beautiful
so there you go that might be one of the things you want to keep in mind when you're going to
make your next trip okay A. Will they kill all the Americans who show up and B. If not
will you at least be able to do a good dump when nature calls 10.50. I'm a little nervous about
doing these spots because you know what I'm saying but we'll do the best we ought to play
the witch doctor by David Seville ooh you know like that because it's just one of them things but
we're working on it feverishly if Q.I.M. I go late it's Wednesday it must be engineers day out
for a poker something like that it is that most wonderful time of the year unless you just hate
the crowded malls the long register lines the parking hassles all the hysteria that goes along
with it well make your gift giving a little easier for you and your loved ones give them a
dollar-matchers gift certificate this year when you call 1-800-Matchers you can order a dollar-matchers
gift certificate in a denomination and a new bed makes a perfect gift at last for years and of course
when you call 1-800-Matchers for right now like I've been telling you can save an additional 20%
on select models while supplies last they got the top names in the business they got them all
silly sir to Simmons King Coral Stearns and Foster Hewitt and Tempour Peter II when you call 1-800-Matchers
you get same data delivery and you still get to pick that date and time that to our window when
it's convenient for you to fit your schedule and during the busy holidays that's even more
important than ever. Dallamaque-Fris is mighty proud in the automobile they're an on-time record 99.7%
of the time Dallamaque-Fris is ranked number one across the resatisfaction they were winners of the
2004 Better Business Bureau local torts of excellence award I've been using them for years when the
old mattress is added no sense in tossing and turning and hoping it gets better because it won't
get yourself a great night sleep with a great new mattress and Dallamaque-Fris before those
guests arrive calling and now at 1-800-Matchers to log on to their website mattress.com Dallamaque-Fris had 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your boy.
Any question?
All together
När
呼
R September
I don't know how we grew.
We've been through how I have guessed and she did too
I just tried her achievements, she could have the other move
And we ain't as famous as we know
Like it's other than the new baby
And try to decide if she parts doesn't matter
And the news gave me
And my eyes started water and I think it's about to get messed
To get messed, to get messed
Without doing it, she'd be slaughtered every morning
There are women in your life
Who will get night that they ever were fought
You know the good old time
You know the look you in the eye baby
I'll say you know
Then the rough, rough, those bad sheets
And drop you a bomb
Baby, I'm trying to decide
If she parts doesn't matter
And the bad side's not
And my friends are just got to work
To get messed
To get messed
To get messed
To get messed
To get messed
11 on 3 at 5, 60
And that great that we can play an old, old, oldie about farting
Didn't have any fart sounds in it except well of course
Which is a fart sound by the way Joyce
By the way, yes
We are on the back up and we're all cool at the transmitter
What does that mean?
I guess we switched over to the back up transmitter
We're on the back up and we're not dropping out anymore
No, we're crystal clear
I checked for myself
We're crystal clear?
Yeah
All right
So we're clear as well
The only problem is we're on about how many watts?
At least we're not dropping out
They are working on it
They're working on a fever system
And listen, I'm not... who cares?
Like I said, we do the best we can. We're here doing our thing
And if the engineering staff is, you know, got problems, that's the way it goes
Now this pull...
And don't send me any more... see, one thing about obnoxious people
They like you to talk about them
So a certain salesperson, I don't want to mention his name one more time today
Hi, a pally
So that fact you just sent me from his psychotic neighbor, Dave Friedman
If you get any more factions from Dave Friedman, do not send them to me
That's number one
And anybody else that says anything about that particular fat trouble making salesperson
Don't send that to me either because I'm not going to talk about it
Because that's what he wants
Okay
Rather than going out and selling something which would be unique for him
Eat rather, sit there and lie
Hey, he's not about me, I got him more stuff again, but he'll be out of the house
He'll have to travel crap
See what I'm saying? And here I'm talking about him again
So I guess it worked
Now let's see, it says a plan... this is a...
Facts are a plan three mile run down this game Boulevard
I got about a mile and the Green Apple Quickstrip made an uninvited trip
I had no option but to ruin about 200 people Saturday morning
Sounds like a horse to me
You know?
Right
Or an elephant
Horses do that
You know, in fact, if you watch Go To The Palm, and then you watch the horses walk me upward
Or do a coder, go upstairs
Horses just lift their tail when a mood strikes him and about a bing
There it goes, you know? They don't wait for the perfect place
Or the perfect tea roommate and like that
They just... they just... when nature calls their coals
So I guess that's what this guy was doing
Let's see... oh, here we go with this again
Can we do like... oh, brother, look at this
From Montielo, Les, huh?
Do you have a Canadian roommate?
I don't have any roommate, I don't like that Georgian Rhyme might have, anyway, get lost
Get lost, go back to Montielo, go back to a real frog city, eh?
God, here's the full result from yesterday
There should be a lawsuit against it and then we had several choices for it
By 1500 votes, it's not too bad, not too good
But then again, who the hell can hear us anyway these days?
Against stupid people breeding 296, which was tied, now let's see
They want to... one more vote for each before I printed this out
Stupid people breeding 297, organized religion 297
Excellent choice on that second one, all of them as a matter of fact
Lovely
Yeah, there should be a log against religious people breeding
Making babies, that would piss off the Pope
Using cell phones in a movie theater restaurant 235
Retired people driving during Wresher 178
Stupid people voting 130
130, man
Writing a second grocery or retail store 118
Commercials at movie theaters 81
Screaming kids at a restaurant 67
Screaming kids on an airplane 47
Using the word closure 19
And locker room interviews only 16
This audience likes those locker room interviews
They like when a mad dog gets in a post in personal with their favorites
Like AJ Touchy Feeling
He is bad, man
You know something, that means if we were like more sports oriented which we don't want to be
But that'd be good pull someday
Which is, who is the worst quarterback in the national football league
Or who is the worst quarterback in national football league history
It wouldn't be AJ Feeling
No, he's not... he's in the bottom five though
Oh, well he's bad, but...
No, you don't think he's in the five where he is bad
But there's been some real doozy of all time
I mean, there's been some real...
Yeah, let's hear it
Ryan Leif
Yeah, there you go, there's one
Who? Ryan Leif
Oh, Ryan turn over a new leaf
Yeah, he was a stiff, yeah, they payed what they payed by 80 billion dollars
Exactly
He was also a problem, see, like, it's a basket case
Gold leaf go
Now, who's that kid again for Seattle?
And I can never think of his name that used to start against it often
And then you lost the game?
Trent Dilfer
Trent Dilfer, right?
I know Trent Dilfer, but I got like a mental blocker
He's trying to block it out of my mind
He could be the winner for right now
How about Heath Schuller?
Heath Schuller was pretty good though
Redskins, right?
Yeah
Number five, Heath Schuller
And the only reason I know was because he looked good, see?
Here's a fact that says displayed on ABC's World News tonight this evening
for at least a full three seconds was naked female breast complete with erect nipple
How do you like that?
Oh my god
The image was background for a report on an AIDS drug being used in Africa
That's probably not safe enough for widespread use in the USA
And of course we had all kinds of articles which I didn't bother reading about
That's the fact that America knew about that that it wasn't safe enough
But nevertheless, the doctor lied
But it says wonder if the FCC will get any complaints
Breast with erect nipples on ABC's World News to which all we can say is
Oi!
I got it!
See if it's in the news or if it's on the National Geographic
Even though the news is on at 6.30 a.m. in the middle of dinner time
Which maybe there's something symbolic there
Then it's okay, then it's, you know, then it's a sanitite
It's not meant to shock or titillate the audience
Can I say that?
The shock or f*** the audience
Now here's today's poll
In fact, let me do this story before I do today's poll
Because I think it fits in like a glove
Like a rubber glove in Uranus
Report, Kornikova and Eglaceus married
I gotta be honest with you
Now you saw the story last night, I didn't see it last night
I don't talk, I managed to get lucky enough to make it
Oh my god
No
Now this audience and some of you people there
You don't believe me when I try to take the things
How many years have I been telling you about Anna Kornohoi?
Okay, she's a fag hag
She's a fag magnet just like J.Lo
To me, next to Liz Taylor, who's old news now
She's old meat
But to me J.Lo and Anna Kornohoi are the two biggest fag magnets in the world today
Why would they say that?
Because everybody that she's associated with either is or has been rumored to be gay
Yeah, a pobble
There were some great stories in Vancouver but I won't go into it today
He's a masculine, a hockey player
He's not masculine, he's like Don Sherry called him like Androgenous
Yeah, he's a girly kind of player
He never saw Pavell close
I think he wears lipstick
So I'm crazy?
Though I think he was so physical and checks so much in the air
That must be it
That's why he stayed far away from everybody else so we can get those breakaways
Plus he never hurt that way
He's still got hurt even doing that
He's playing again by the way in Russia
And over in Europe during these tournaments they got well
By the way, no hockey this season
And very likely no hockey next year either forget about it
Russian tennis star Anna Kornohoi who's good looks and long and clips her court skills
Has secretly married her singer, boyfriend and reeky degrees he is
Oh my god
I always wake up in the night and sit in the court of yesterday
Now what are you doing that for in reeky? He's pretty or she is
He's pretty or she is
Especially since he got that mole taken off
Maybe that's what turned him around so to speak
You know what I mean?
Right though, maybe the mole was making him seem kind of like
The magazine, right there in the studio
You find my personally autographed and reeky CDs
And reeky loves me
Not enough
Thanks
He does
He thinks I'm a freaking genius
Look a big cut out you have in the back of the studio
There you go see that's my boy man and reeky
Love him
The magazine said Kornohoi you 23 was spotted wearing a wedding band on a ring finger with a charity tennis event
And Florida Sunday in Florida no less when asked about a relationship with the greasy
The greasy ones he was heard telling on lookers
And reeky is great everything is awesome we are married
Us reported
Kornohoi and the Latin crooner 29 have been dating since he appeared playing his girlfriend in the 2002 music video for his hit escape
And jokingly claimed to be married in the past
Representatives for the period of climate confirming reports yesterday but us quoting unidentified sources said they were wet on the beach in the Mexican resort of Puerto Vallarta
A few weeks ago
In fact that's how Puerto Vallarta is where Peter Marshall used to send everybody on Hollywood Square shows they never saw the old ones
Puerto Vallarta
Which is right down the road from where they were
Kornohoi is publicist and we never comment on her personal life or those tree trunk like she's got
It was a very small and secret wedding only family and a very few close friends were invited to source told the magazine
Cosano about she did this she did that she was known as the Britney Spears of tennis Britney on the abedic ring today by the way a fine picture not naked sorry
It's best we can do it's good
She announced a retirement from professional tennis marks 2004
Egregious the son of Spanish singer Julio Eglace sings in both esponial and English sings loosely
And his one worldwide hits with songs such as Viamo's and Hero
Which kind of rhymes with which I say yesterday we couldn't play
Zero
Come on sweetheart you can do it
Come on
That's it that's as much of that is the joyful loss to play the
Hey laugh now and we play there sweetheart tell you right now
So we're pleased as punts to see that Anna Kornohoi and Enrique Blacius are married
They're going to raise a fine family they're going to be happy ever after in married bliss
And it'll be a wonderful thing you know just like Jen Jelo and Ben Affle whatever name was
And Puff Ditty P. Ditty and her ballet dancer husband and just just a long series of very bizarre kind of relationships
There with Jelo and that huge victim
And I'm here to hold you up
Oh
I'm just thinking for my own
I can't just think of my style as a queen
I'm just getting the earth and feeling alright
Because when I need a turkey it's gonna matter if it's not going right
Oh I've been loved for my own time
I've been loved for my own practice
Things given, it eats like a triven
You can't reach it so come on and give in all the things
We're too small for a pain man past the teeth to see your brother
We can make a good life here
If you need a bird on my
Because when I need a turkey it's gonna matter if it's not going right
That's been a very bad one
Because when I need a turkey it's gonna matter if it's not going right
Love and I've seen it 560
Well they're gonna nail his little ass pretty soon and everybody's gonna go
Yeah, it's long overdue
And that's gonna be great, won't you celebrate?
I will
Alright, here's the poll for today
Yeah
Kenas Masamacho and Riki or Anna Corner Hoyt and I are South of the poll
Oh
Who has the world's biggest closet?
Now I've added one on here that you might want to type in there right away, Josh
Okay
WSVNTV channel seven
Hey
What?
That's pretty good
You don't think they're in the running?
Oh, without a doubt
What a fruit farm
Oh, we're flying
Wow, what a place
Anyway, the world's biggest closet
Catholic Church, the NFL, the Taliban
Now this was a Scott Scott and Holly were this one is one of his fine pools
I don't know where the Taliban comes in there
You? No
College Frats, Bob Jones University, the Bush administration, the LPGA
I don't think we can play that but anymore, are you?
No
United Kingdom, Hollywood or WSVN channel seven TV
Rower commissioners move to set special election on allowing slot machines
So you're going to be in heaven aren't you when that goes on?
Yes
In fact, I'll tell you what, I'll take my, we'll take our cell phones, I'll be a woodbind
You can be at the Pompanoparker Gulf Stream, what?
Yeah, although the only problem is, now I don't know about other casinos but a woodbind
They won't let you think it's psychotic if you turn on your cell phone
You can go lock off into the bathrooms and use it around front
Usually that's by, you know, if you're at, actually you have the windows or near any kind of, you know, if you're
Get one of the horses or support or anything like that but I don't know
No, no, no, no, this is not for that reason, no, I'm, how, how could you, what are you going to do?
Fix the slot machine on the phone? You know, that's what I'm talking about
They claim that the somehow just like on a narrow plane they claim that it interferes
With the electronics of the machines
I don't know if I've seen that before
Well, I'm just telling you right now it's posted and I've seen people like whip out their cell phone when they're sitting there
Oh hi John, and man they come in and I can't use your cell phone on the floor
I have to go outside and go in the tea room somewhere
So my favorite thing is I'll like put a cup on a chair, you know, I have the people that watch my machine
Go in the bathroom and I'll like go in a stall not by the urinal but in a stall
Close the door, the only problem with that is that you know I'm on the phone and you haven't know about you
But when you're on the cell phone you tend to walk around a little bit
And they have the automatic magic eye
So you take a couple of steps, you know, there's the toilet flush
And whoever you're talking about the other end of the front
A little bit disconcerting
Anyway, the good news is Beast is all, you're gonna be there right?
Oh yeah, opening day
Robert County Commissioner has moved yesterday towards setting a special election in the spring and allowing sloppishines at the track
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Plus, the humane society of the U.S. and the great two KUSA, a great-hound advocacy group, a post-Adog track, alleged that thousands of signatures submitted by the slots campaign were forged, right?
Including signatures from at least three dozen dead people. Three dozen, that's nothing compared to the usual South Florida election, right? Yeah, truly. Usually we get how many thousand?
About 30,000 dead people usually vote just in date alone. So what's three dozen, huh? What are you bitching about? So it's gonna proceed. I'm thinking does it have a date and a not?
No, I'm not going to spring. It says I'm pretty sure in March, sometime in March, and from my close personal friend Dick Clander tells me a pomp and a park that means maybe by next October, we can be up and running.
Of course, Gulf Stream is turned on most of the facility already, and you can be sure that one of the things they're gonna do is they're rebuilding is build a big, beautiful, casino-type operation with slots, like it would buy.
That great. That'll be outstanding. I might just have to be down there a little bit more than now. What do you think? No.
Join George and Volka Brian today. I wonder if Miguel is gonna be there. They never put his name on the thing. It'll probably be there. The guy doesn't like when you talk about him.
What do you mean by that? Like his name mentioned just yeah, right. We'll play later. What do you mean by that? I we can't discuss it. Why is wife can't upset?
They'll come running in here and just you just don't mention them. What are you talking about? I can't talk about it. You're a full of crap. Since when? When did this start? I can't get into it.
You are so full of it. Join George and Volka Brian today. Five or seven for Happy Hour. Treasure Island located off the palm. I don't know if they wonder.
I wonder what he did. You like poison. Just know that the 120 seconds to be there. If it's stopped by to win prizes and check out this week's feature. Stephanie Evans who might pop a couple in your direction.
A crap about Miguel. Let us so ludicrous. He's just afraid they will bring what's your name back to. Read the Queen. Chase them all around the building.
See what's this important thing? This is a chronic factor. Hey, Neil, this Pipsquake voice. Geldy get paid by the organization. Now that's an interesting question. I would assume the answer is yes. Yes. The sports people like Dave Ann Boring and mad dog and of course.
They could pay by the teams for which they worked out. Of course if they're and the Geldy's contract is up this month. I do believe the end of the month with two a.m. Right. But he's got I don't know how long to be. It was he sounded a panther. I hope it's at least two years. Otherwise he might just like. He might be like Casper the ghost. He might just vanish in a thin air and never having done a game. Well, he did do a game once upon a time. I heard the tape of that. It wasn't too bad. But he was okay. Not he was no Chris moron. It says despite the NHL struck if he does not get paid by the organization. That explains why he was washing this.
It's more key bones. The other night when I was there to eat. Why is this close personal friend Moe giving him a few bucks. He's a big shot. Also won her little fan as a chronic now on your rose. I like that. And then it says F Moe. That's bad. That's so bad. That's the old Moe Meister. Now you were telling me before the show. Yeah. But the Geldy now just holds nothing back. It comes with his relationship with the the Moe man. Nothing at all. Just rips him and ask every chance he had before. You know, he tried to play nice and you know, wouldn't say anything. But now man, you get him going and he just.
He just doesn't stop. And even him who was just suckling his way along there trying to hang on as long as he possibly could. Well, every time I would be there and I would seem in a hallway.
You just couldn't shut him up on and on and on about what was he going to do now? He hated this old man and why was impossible to work with every person?
Was there anybody by the time this whole debacle of finish? Was there anybody? I'm trying to think of one person that he I guess the board off the who seems like a pretty good kid. What's his name? Shy. Shy that he brought down from New York. He's a kid along with him. Okay. Didn't he?
Come on. You're just making that up. So that's the problem maker. So in other words, after after the initial bloom was off the rose, they started to hate each other too.
You want to think about Moe man? You know him for more than like five minutes and you start like turning like a red like that.
Like that. I'm saying that's absolutely 26 past 11 all I thought from where George was telling me kind of like no without with that new way whipped off that must wear off his hand. He stared like a little bell out a little about three days. Two minutes. Yeah.
I think you know the holidays are the hardest time to control your weight. That's why I'd come up with a way for you to shake your bowl full of jelly with wet into the carol.
You'll be crazy to the tune of your job. You'll also get.
You'll be flexing your all and how it's coming to a winter wonderland of that burning fun.
I'll eat from. You'll be ho ho holding in your stomach and unwrapping your size as you join me singing all of our participants to touch by faith.
Rickard said wet into the carol available on the carobowl.
32 20 until the five 60 WQ AM summer Olympics is another one for the pool. Okay. Don't you think I'm not even going to ask I'm just telling I'm just don't ask that.
I'll put it and is the WNBA still in business. I know the Miami franchise is dead but are they still playing. Yeah, I think they do actually the lady basketballers is a good one. They WNBA. Right. Right. Yes, definitely.
Here's some amazing news shocking Michael Powell urges FCC to reject saving private Ryan complaints. How do you like that? Oh my God.
As reported by Reuters, the head of the FCC is recommended to reject and decency complaints against ABC TV stations that recently aired the film saving Brian's privates.
66 ABC affiliates refused to air the on-cut movie on veterans day last month citing concerns they could face fines for profanity and graphic violence from the FC and C from the
anxious the obnoxiously dictatorial FC and C chairman Michael Powell a real. Absolutely. Whole if there was one has concluded the FCC should not take action against the other 159 stations that aired the movie because the language was part of accurately portraying the WNW to invasion of Normandy.
The FC. How does he know was he there? Yeah, the language was part of accurately portraying the invasion of Normandy. Republican Senator John McCann, a prisoner during the Vietnam War and other conservatives endorsed airing the 1998 film which won five Academy awards.
The FCC we see some complaints have to the film was broadcast. Powell's recommendation will go to the four other FCC commissions for both officials that two more must back the proposal for it to pass. Oh God, Zion America. This is what they're spending your tax dollars on boys and girls. Are we going to set there? Are we going to find 159 ABC affiliates for airing Ryan's privates when in doubt air it out.
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. It was a lot
Our party Maisuet, after the American25. This was the repeatable
Now a troop leader is a changing society.
53 for the Catholic Church, 18 for the Bush administration.
And Channel 7 is turd, man.
They're turd.
You turd in the classic case.
Although ever since, what's this face go over to Channel 4?
So, you know, who's that?
All right, now don't be outing people, okay?
You know, as I don't mention any names on these bills.
I just, I find a way you're right on the edge.
You're right on the right, break your teetering,
right on the edge, again, up digging a deep hole, okay?
How's Miguel doing?
The first thing to say, Miguel Rogers.
It's exclusively on 560 AM.
A lollipop little boy.
It can strike any time, anyway.
I was at the express checkout and got this uncontrollable urge to grow by melons.
Madonna can help.
I began to suspect the problem when I started shopping my bra.
Women today are facing a reflection, the likes of which the world has never seen.
Madonna, no.
Yeah, we on court as is these only noticed and over exposure to Madonna led to you.
No, she behave out in laboratory animals.
Who would have thought a rat could hold it?
But there he is, hold.
We here at Madonna, can bring you back using the special deep programming techniques we
have developed.
Boy toy, boy toy.
No, I say so.
Punch, punch, wow.
It's you.
It's you.
It's you.
Who's that realize I'd never be able to get a date with Sandra Bernhardt?
I was fine.
I owe Madonna on everything.
Don't waste a minute.
Call Madonna on today.
Get in touch with yourself.
Wait, let me rephrase that.
Lou is the beauty mark and find out who you really are at Madonna.
16th of noon we got Britney Spears on our B Decurring today and not the Starknig.
No T, no A, no C, no V, whatever.
Following these initials?
Yeah, she hasn't done that yet.
No, not yet.
But it's fine picture though.
We want to have like 80 million hits on there today from all the Britney people.
But like you said, maybe she's on a way out.
Who was saying that there today?
She's like old man.
I think, yeah, she's a tired act at this point.
That's what happens.
Real area.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Pennsylvania School, suit over creationism plan.
Oh, and thanks for whoever sent that pool.
Who was there in the name on it?
Yeah, John.
Thanks, John.
We've done a version of that before about the televangelist, but I like that one.
What's the guy's name?
Oh, Schuller.
Robert Schuller is not the one with the crystal cathedral.
And the big flowing robes.
You better get with it, Mr. Wild Josh.
As much as watching the infomercials this Sunday morning, you better be watching Dr. Robert Schuller
from the crystal cathedral in California.
No, thanks.
We always multi-million dollar erections all around him.
I mean, Ed, whatever that thing is.
By the way, this huge church opened up down the street.
Really?
Yeah, this big, just massive.
Is it bigger than the Coral Bridge Presbyterian church in Dr. D. James Kennedy, the world's
foremost anti-Semite and homophobic?
Oh, how about the Reverend James Domston?
See, I'm doing tomorrow's poll already.
What about that woman with the purple hair in her husband?
Jan and Paul Crocch?
Yeah, whatever.
Well, we got Paul Crocch.
Dan, now let's not start giving tomorrow's poll here, all right?
It's all not even new yet.
Civil rights groups, soot of Pennsylvania School District, Fugus A, to block teaching of intelligent
design and alternative to evolution that contains nature was created by an all-powerful
being by...
Damn God!
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Americans United for a separation of church
and state.
You hear that?
Separation of church and state.
I know it's a very radical concept.
Files, suitable court on behalf of parents and students in the Dover area school district
who object to the teaching of intelligent design alongside of evolution in high school
biology class, intelligent design.
What does that mean?
It's their way of putting...
Oh, of course they're way of putting it in the back door if I can say that, you know what
I mean?
Right, Tom.
The suit claims the policy adopted by the board in Oregon and to become part of the curriculum
in January illegally promotes religious beliefs under the guise of science education.
That's because they're such good people.
They're good Christians, you know, and they would never do anything underhanded like
that or try to sneak their way in.
Right.
All the ones who say, oh, I'm a good Christian, I would never dare the ones to run away
from.
They're the ones to start screaming to call the police.
I'm Tonya.
I know.
Oh, I'm a Christian, I would never lie.
Oh, yeah, right.
Anybody who tells you they would never lie, you know what that person is?
A liar.
Anybody who says to you, I would never lie to you.
Amen.
Like Fat Boy, for example, there's another one who would never lie.
Unless he was a loner with somebody.
Intelligence design is a Trojan horse for bringing creationism into the Puba classroom.
Why told Wallsack, legal director for the ACU of Pennsylvania told reporters?
That's what he why told reporters.
In the 1980s, the US of Pym Courts, as Miguel do, by the way.
Don't make any name.
In the 1980s, you know, don't listen.
Now, I'm Tonya right now.
I'm beginning to understand why Moe just couldn't handle you and how about your rose?
How did you and he get along?
We had a lot of fun.
Get out of here.
We'd add the first couple of months for Rocky, but then we got along fine.
Where I'm here is the HATU.
He has like a beast voodoo doll.
That's not true.
In the 80s, the US of Pym Courts struck down the teaching of creationism and public schools
for violating separate and church and state, mandated new US constitution.
Creationists believed the earth was made by God.
You know, like a couple of weeks ago, I was described in the book of Genesis.
Proponents have been telling the design argue that nature is so complex that could not
have occurred by chance is held by Charles Darwin's 1859 theory of evolution.
Nature, they maintain must have been created by some all-powerful force.
All of that force is not explicitly identified as God.
While other US school boards have taken, now is there a common there?
Because after it said, damn it.
It's a good thing I didn't read that like all in one because we can't say that anymore.
But if put a common about 10 seconds, damn it.
Is that okay?
Okay.
Call Joyce.
No thanks.
While other US school boards have taken steps introduced the theory, not as far as the
board in Dover the ACL, you said a school district spokesman declined comment.
In November, the Dover school district, if this is in Pennsylvania about 100 miles west
of Philly, the Fedatives policy is saying Darwin's theory is still being tested and that
there are gaps in it.
US Christian conservatives who played a significant role in President Bush's reelection
have been pushing for decades for the teaching of creation of the schools as we want to continue
marching, marching, marching fast rapidly back into the stone age.
Reverend Berryland, executive director of the Americans United for separation of churches,
state urged the school board to reconsider its decision.
Public schools are not Sunday schools and we have to resist any effort to make them
solely and said there's an evolving attack on the way on sound science education and
the school board's action in Denver and over is part of that misguided crusade.
The news conference in the state capital building was also attended by two protestors carrying
signs that read evolution unscientific and untrue.
Great.
What is this long thing?
Well, I see this is sushi and the banshee.
That's what the guy was talking about before.
Right.
I didn't really need this whole two page bio here, but it's very helpful.
Sushi and the banshee were the punk band who lasted and whose full story is now only
coming to light.
Sushi, Sue and Buggie talked to Andrew Perry.
Buggie?
Is that what that says?
There's not really a very good copy.
Yeah, Buggie.
So, Buggie was like a perikete.
And I'm not going to read this.
God, it's FYI.
I see.
Well, thanks very much.
They're a punk rock group and I have no idea who they were and even you didn't know.
I bet you just didn't know either.
We, I, for them.
See?
And if Josh didn't know about it being the punk that he is, then how did I always suppose?
How's an old toad like me supposed to know about some crap like that?
I don't know.
You know Al Avrilovine, so.
I do know Al Avrilovine, man.
She's as punky as I get.
No, no punky or mad.
So, she's like, she is a little pie.
I think she is punky.
Not punk rock, but punky.
See the difference?
No.
No.
Well, you see, that's what your problem is.
You can be punky looking without like being punk rocker.
I mean, she's a rocker like, you know, like Josh Cortez is an alter-copter.
See?
I'm saying.
Right.
What?
You are so far.
I'm going to start to side with Mo.
Wait till you hear this story.
You like this.
Judge suspended for wearing blackface to party.
New Orleans, the Louisiana Supreme Court has given a judge a six-month suspension for
wearing blackface makeup, handcuffs, and a jail jumpsuit to a Halloween party.
Kind of a party, was that?
S&M.
Judge Timothy Elender will lose all of his pay during the suspension which sortles more
than $50,000.
You could have taken that money to, uh, pomp it on when they opened these slots.
Set down there at the $5.00, we'd afford to hand yourself a black for about 25 minutes
for 50 grand.
They're the nickel.
Elender, who his wife said the costume is worn by him and his wife were meant as a joke.
She dresses as a policewoman and the party's host Elender's brother-in-law was dressed
as Buckwheat.
Oh, brother.
This is in New Orleans, by the way, where the sure is different, not here in New Orleans.
The justice is agreed Elender did not mean to insult black.
Still, they ordered him to take a sociology course to get a-
They get a greater understanding of racial sensitivity.
Oh, yeah.
He's just a little insensitive to Judge.
Yeah.
That's a problem.
He's just a good old cracker boy on it.
A little insensitive is all he is.
Holy moly.
Oh, and speaking of, uh, dark issues, suspended Miley City Commissioner Arthur T.L.
Jr. will be charged this morning.
In fact, probably already happened this morning.
With public corruption crimes stemming from his stewardship of a troubled city agency,
designed to uplift improvised mommy neighborhoods the heralders learned.
And if it's in the heralders about a what chance percent chance.
About 30.
Now, 30 percent chance it might be true.
T.L. is facing 10 counts of unlawful compensation of the 30-sayer tied to his former position
as chairman of Miley's community redevelopment agency.
The State Attorney's Office, which spearheaded the investigation, will hold a press conference
to treat the second with more details of the- be released.
This is the rest would be the second-less than four months for one of Miley's most prominent politicians
in August, which I'm sure you'll recall, Josh.
Police arrested T.L. for allegedly trying to ram and run off the road and unmarked police car.
Remember that?
Yes.
Yes, we do.
That curve in following T.L. and his wife is part of an ongoing corruption investigation.
The same investigation that all would lead by the last Wednesday's charges.
As the last today's charges, the longtime CRA chairman prosecutor said T.L. used his position
to fatten his bank account, accepting kickbacks for steering valuable CRA contracts to certain vendors.
Meanwhile, the CRA, which includes Omni, Overtown and Park West neighborhoods,
became a post-to-child for government waste and in action, spending millions with little to show forth.
Nice go, and you go, Art.
A beauty.
Okay, let's get a few calls in here.
I don't want to like Ram Blond until like Friday when Miguel is going to be-
Now, I guess Miguel won't be working to show that anymore.
Well, who knows?
We'll have to-
Yeah, we'll have to-
Maybe-
If we don't want to-
May we just make up a name?
Like Jose?
Yeah.
So the beast is going to be here today and tomorrow and then we'll have Jose on Friday.
Jose for Jorge.
What?
Felix.
He don't look like no Felix ever has seen.
5670560, pound 560, on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WQ8 and hello.
Hi, Valley.
Yes, Valley.
For the poll?
Yeah.
The drug report.
The Fudge Report.
Okay, what is that?
It's only a one-man closet, one lady closet.
The Fudge Report.
We'll chop a little bit, Matt, if that's possible.
What do you think?
You faggot?
Fice?
What?
Oh, he gets-
He touches himself when he hears me say that.
He's got to ready to turn up so a lot.
He's getting good vibrations.
He's got his bride and Wilson blow up down.
He's having a field day.
Not a field day, but a field day.
5670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
In fact, only one word comes to mind when I think of the Fudge Report.
BAAAMING!
WQAM, hello.
Police!
WQAM, hello.
Can I have a race job?
Yeah!
I did it!
Oh, I perfected.
That was good.
Side by each.
Now, I don't know if that's really-
if there's really such a Canadian saying is side by each,
I really have my doats.
I think, you know, Frank's a leave of the race caller who's great at woodbying for the harness racing.
He'll say side by each and I've never heard that before.
It's just so strange.
I don't hear any other Canadian saying that, but maybe it's just a thing, you know.
It says his own personal thing.
It works.
WQAM, hello.
Police!
I'm sorry.
Hello.
What was it?
I don't know.
Was it something you dumped?
I just-
I just went to be sure.
I didn't hear what it was.
See, if you're going to do a QD, at least, they'll let us hear what it is, yeah.
Couldn't understand it.
Yeah.
It might have been something really important.
Maybe he said, how's Miguel doing?
5, 6, 7.
And then this just came out of nowhere.
I think he just made this up.
You were-
Yeah, we're really not making it up.
We know what we ought to do.
That would be a good pull for him.
Who's the biggest trouble maker at QAM?
I think you win hands down anybody's pants.
I don't think there's any-
Huh?
Not me.
Did that help you or not?
We got a handful of people there who are like, waddle.
And the most of the fat people, they waddle around from one room to the other,
stirring up crap.
Just starting with, oh, if you only knew-
If you only knew-
Back in the days when you were still on the Mojo,
and you come and enjoy sitting there, minding your own business, getting ready to do a show,
oh, if you only knew the things that he's saying about you, and if you could remember those days?
Yes.
Yeah, well, how come now that he's-
You're not together again.
He's not even on the ear anymore.
How come you're not telling us what things he was saying?
Give us one.
Give us one?
One tidbit of what he said, that we can-
Something we can say on the ear.
You can't even say no, Lear.
You can't.
He would make such off-colour remarks.
Really?
I'd like hide under the board.
Off-colour remarks, old potty mouth mojo.
Oh, giving us obsession with porn sites on the internet.
Now, what does that mean?
Oh, come on.
What do you think he was looking at ESPN?
You're a fantastic cat, Georgomorph.
You're expelled from Gal reliably.
See you on the same page.
See you on the sidetrack after all the work.
This is how he was continueed by the men.
And also into him also in himself.
I'm a freakingeld on hismother.
So, however, you need to find aznefied reppellant.
Six I.S.
In 1611, the Bible was translated from Latin into the King James Bible.
And now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents the King James Brown Bible.
James recites the book of Genesis.
In a note here.
There will be fun!
The story of Moses and the Burning Book.
And the Tower of Battle.
I know how you'll never find it.
There's the new Testament too.
Lazarus, raised from the dead.
James sings from the book of Matthew.
Jacob!
Jacob!
Jacob!
And of course the book of James.
All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them for the trail by Judith.
So backing, come on to Chespacere.
And of course the resurrection.
No one knows more about judgment day than the Godfather of Seoul.
And so James also sings out the famous flame.
I beg your pardon.
No!
Get up, go!
Spat!
Martin James Brown Bible.
Get up, go!
Proble 1 at 560 WDQM.
Now what's this you're saying?
Isn't this amazing?
Must be my psychic powers again.
Is I was just thinking about Bernie Kirik.
You don't know why?
Why?
They keep showing these irackies that are going to be on trial.
The first ones before Sodom goes on trial.
And you'll notice that most of them look like Sodom.
Because they're always seeing you at a whole bunch of doubles.
I'm third man!
I think this first one is chemical Ali.
He's going to go on trial.
I guarantee you.
He does look a little like Sodom.
But if you shaved his head, he's an identical twin to Bernie Kirik.
Maybe it's his cousin.
If you forked him up a little bit.
What's this you're thanks to me from New York Post?
Probably something really right-wing.
When, what is that?
Tition here.
When Tition here publishing Titan.
Well, what is that?
Little plan.
Oh, it's Andrea Pizer.
Sorry, Andrea.
Judith Reagan took up with the former cop Bernard Kirik.
She thought she'd met her match and vice versa.
But the illicit relationship came tumbling down.
Her friend of Kirik, Erriggins, told me.
When she discovered her married lover had another mistress.
It ended horribly after Reagan learned Kirik's wife was pregnant.
Oh, geez.
After that short thing, discovery.
Reagan has volupt little driven and fell off his any man.
It began using other words to describe her lover.
He's maniacal insane.
A terrified Reagan confided in a pal.
Kirik, she said, had Reagan followed to Los Angeles, showed up at her house and threatened her.
Now that Reagan has emerged as the final nail in Kirik's business service, Chief of Homeland Security.
Questions are upping over what the Kirik said.
Minute mistakes.
He wants you to city cop to research his memoir.
Extended in even more indibent areas.
One thing is clear.
The man had serious issues with impulse control.
The Kirik Reagan paving may look unlikely.
She's vassered bread.
He's a high school dropout.
But two friends used almost identical terms to describe the duo.
They are male and female versions of the same people.
They said of a power-addicted couple.
One friend told me, Kirik, lured Reagan into a relationship with the oldest line.
And the married man's playbook.
My wife doesn't understand me.
I'm in a loveless marriage.
All right.
Well, whatever he had in every port.
He sure got around.
Here's the deal.
Jew Lieberman.
Here's the good news.
One of the best stories of the day.
Yeah.
Democratic Senator Jew Lieberman has twice in recent days said, no.
When approached about the possibility of a major job in the Second Bush Administration, CNN has learned,
the cabinet may concede that the Department of Homeland Security was a subject of the latest overshoot,
according to Congressional and other government sources.
The last thing we need, like the guy we call yesterday, says that the guy would not work on Shabbos.
We can't afford to be safe from terrorism like six days a week or five and a half.
The sources said the earlier overtures to see whether Lieberman might be interested in becoming the U.S. ambassador to the U.N.
Why not have officials decline comments saying they don't discuss personal matters or private energy meetings
or any other secret of crap that they do or illegal underhanded garbage, stuff like that.
You know what?
I'll tell you one thing we need to play.
In fact, maybe we'll play a bunch of them today.
Yeah.
The voice mails.
I haven't played these in years.
That's what I like to do during the holidays is dig up a lot of good old stuff, stuff that we haven't played in a long time.
Hello, no.
I would like to ask you a question.
My son was watching your program on Wami on Miami.
The date was 15.
And I would like to know if you're some kind of anti-Christ or something.
Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks he's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and ballistic on now.
I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-Christ channel.
Please, I'm really concerned.
And I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ.
Yes.
Thank you.
And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop in keeping water.
Because now you turn my son into a baguette and you made my son serve the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
And have a nice day.
And have a nice day.
I like that.
And then of course there was always.
I'm calling you starting your logics, er, I'm setting up today.
I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper.
How dare you all be so insulting to us.
It's a Christmas season and you represent them as a Pope.
You think we're so stupid.
It was hateful and it shouldn't have been done.
I wonder if this was something to do with this Judaism, whether we could say while a Jansite's the medic,
it's racist and so it shouldn't be done.
But the Catholic can be kicked around like this.
Neil Progis is an insult.
How dare you people do this.
You should take down an apology to think that I should add in the new place.
It's all of us.
Up here is lady.
And here's another one.
I really hope you use this on the air.
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least.
I've been living here for 40 years.
I've never heard anything as disgusting as this New Yorker's program.
I've heard of it before.
It's pornographic.
And I thought of my granddaughter of one of my kids listening to his guitar.
I think I tell you, Francie, I am done listening to your station.
This is a horrible growth thing I have ever heard.
And as far as I'm concerned, you're up my book.
Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, these are always the best.
And yes sir, I'll do respect.
I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC and Washington DC.
And they said they're going to send me information in a package.
As far as making a formal complaint about the New Yorker's show and the format.
And also was able to contact Christian correlation, Ralph's doors.
And we might be able to organize a couple of people that can call the sponsors.
And all the sponsors doing the New Yorker's show and complaint.
And possibly, let us know that we will not be shopping in the stores as long as the commercials are being ran during the New Yorker's show.
Which is not a show.
It's a scene and pretty disgusting.
Now all this can be avoided if you guys change the format, tone it down.
I asked that disgusting pig to stop talking about anal sex.
So it's in your hands.
I feel that you guys are toning it down a little bit.
And I will probably not go ahead and bother some.
Otherwise, he's raided though.
You know, why is it a pig?
No question about that.
And the beast sitting there, that's two pigs for the price of one.
How do you like that?
What a day.
And now let's see.
What does this say?
Othician was a Renaissance artist who printed...
Holopsia is mostly red hair who painted.
Holopsia is mostly red-haired women nude.
Hence, Titian pressed for female redheads.
Oh, I see.
From the chronic control.
Oh, we read something today.
We read a whole bunch of things.
Is that Miguel's got a name?
Roxanne.
Which I think is kind of cute.
I frankly, I'd rather distress it with the FCC in the State Attorney's Office and the human rights for the state.
You're putting on filth.
And at the time when children can put the channels,
you quarter to nine, you put on that filth.
I cannot believe you're doing that.
But I certainly intend to pursue it.
And you should too, because your station is going to get sued for being racist, as well as sexist.
He was denigrating all Jamaican women.
That was before he talked about anal sex and grow jobs.
I don't think that's appropriate.
I like I said.
Wow.
See, she was so pornographic, we had a dump, or can you believe that?
Oh, that was really spectacular.
Let's try this one.
Well, what's good to say is all I want is a telephone number of the cards, telephone cards that you're advertising on your show.
I've been calling different people different times for less half an hour.
Can I speak to someone?
Thank you.
No.
Okay, the kind that you have talking on your sports department, I heard them the other day talking about the illegals that they're getting now.
They're getting the money to play the game.
It's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
I want to tell you that's very sh** for someone to talk about the illegals.
Because him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been an illegal sometimes or the other.
I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people.
Because he talks about like that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities?
There's nothing but a rock to hear.
There's a poor people.
That's how that's the American sh** in Wayne.
They're talking about Cuban people that way.
But to Vash holds people.
Oh, great.
There's a guy.
Wow.
This is your special.
I'm keeping you guys busy.
You can keep going.
We're all going to know what you're going to get.
Well, there's jam in them.
That's good.
And then of course there was always, well, this one I'm pretty sure is okay.
I've been listening to WQM for five to six years.
And I watched the morning show, evolving everything.
And I have a problem.
I'm picking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
And there's no warning.
It just blurt out.
You know, f**k you.
And you can hear it a bleep.
You know, and you can hear the venom in his voice.
And you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now, I heard it.
You know, I had a problem again the other day.
I can't explain that stuff to my kids.
I've been listening to this station for a long time.
And I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language.
And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought that better calling.
And tell you, it's different with Hank.
If Hank calls someone in some of a bitch, just hurts the guy.
Like a son of a bitch.
And there's a reason for it.
But the other guy with his fart and his asshole and just a way to ruin your first team.
Okay, good.
I think we'll just chop it off right there.
With your venta.
And too much venta, man.
He speaks with fork tongue and he spew it out that venta.
It'd be bad.
So there's a just a sampling of the misfits.
I mean, the disturbed people we've had over the last few years calling and venting their venta.
Here's Sean faxing me about the whole Taliban thing about it's called Ashtna.
Their beloved boys bearded men accompanied by their Ashtna.
Or again, openly visible on the streets as Sodom he returns to Kandahar.
And Afghanistan.
The Taliban had forbidden the poshdune tradition of Ashtna.
The grooming of favorite boys for sexual pleasure.
And one of his first acts in 94 Mola Omar freed a boy being fought over by two Mujid Hadin warriors in Kandahar.
Who had started firing artillery rounds at each other's positions destroying part of the city.
Called to mediate in other sets of fears the Taliban movement quickly impredded itself in Kandahar's society.
The Taliban quickly applied their medieval rules to those caught practicing sotami.
They were forced to stand under a stone wall which was held on top of them.
I guess they won't be doing it again.
I witnessed this in Kandahar speak of the char change under the Taliban and the subsequent return of the Ashtna.
Is that Ashtna or Asna?
Oh, there was a local saying that birds fly over Kandahar using only one wing.
The other coming up their posterior.
Oh no!
Not a prop is in the population claims birds flew with both wings under the Taliban but not no mole.
With the three studia.
Mole knows or defeating surgery.
There's a plain case of dry rot.
Cut off that left.
Mole knows financial planning.
What do you think of money laying around in Kandahar?
What did you put in the bank?
Mole even knows biblical theology.
Yeah, and I for a night.
Oh, but no!
Quiet, now I'm scared I'm broadcasting.
You don't know deeply.
Why are you trying my stupidity?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Just you.
You knocked your head.
Prop 16 and 560 WQM 235 votes on the pool.
Not too exciting.
Miguel just came in.
Huh?
Miguel just came in.
Yeah, he's not happy.
He's not talking to either me or Josh.
And why is that?
We don't know really.
He's upset.
He gave us the IQ sign.
Roxanne?
Yeah.
And look for some free Pepsi in Georgia's Fridge.
There was none.
They threw the box at me and left.
Oh, well, screw him.
Who has the world's biggest closet?
Cantler Church 138, Bush Administration 37, the NFL 10, WSVN TV Channel 7-9, Hollywood 8.
We're not talking about Hollywood Florida necessarily.
LPGA 7, Bob Jones University 7, college Frat 7, Summer Olympics 4 should be much higher than that.
Callum and Tree, Disney World 2, United Kingdom 2, The Boy Scouts 1, and the WNBA has got the big.
How can this be?
I mean, you people have it.
Maybe they think it's a WNBA.
They're all out.
They are.
There's no closet to just all out.
I guess.
Yeah.
It's a dyke thing.
That could be.
Yeah, just like the LPGA's, only got seven votes.
There's nobody in the closet.
They're all out.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Maybe you'll have a little more of a mystery before the end of the show.
Hopefully a little bit more tasteful than the other thing that you were bad line about.
I'll true them.
Well, what do you mean by that?
All true.
We understand it's all true.
But we don't want to.
Look, aren't you satisfied that at least he's gone?
He is.
Well, I mean, he's not in the building.
Is he hang out in the building anymore?
No.
No.
No, Mo.
Oh, no.
No matter what the fact is, actually, here's a good story.
Yes.
Not to throw my friend.
Not a shine.
That's to throw my friend shy under the bus.
But he wants to try that he used to like Mo that Mo had brought down to replace that.
Right.
We got pushed out, yeah.
He wanted some tape of something, some air check.
Yeah.
And he wanted shy to mail it to him in Boca.
Because he said he would not come down here and pick it up.
That's it.
That's the story.
Yeah.
But just to go to show you, the guy lives in Boca.
He's probably playing golf around here at some point.
Yeah.
Well, what would you rather do?
Playing golf and bokeh and enjoy yourself are drive down to QAM.
If you wanted to so badly get in the car.
Well, you are your half tough.
Roodle.
You can see you're just holding the personal garage.
Who would have been somebody you liked to would have said, hey, can you send me the tape?
No problem.
Tommy would have said, hey, I'm on vacation, but I forgot there's a tape for a sponsor.
We have mail with her.
No problem, Tommy.
Of course.
Right?
Yes.
You bet.
If it would have been your boyfriend, Claretzer, said, oh, there's a air check.
I left there on my desk and I'm going on vacation to Boston next week.
When you mail that to the house, no problem.
I would have delivered it myself.
But with Mo, it's like not.
Let's see what's on line nine.
WQAM, hello.
QAM has a big logic.
Yeah.
No, we're all out.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
It's Dr. Neal.
Speaking.
Neal.
Yeah.
I was a photographer in Conda, Harc, right after the war.
And I can tell you that right outside our hotel, they had the little boys out there with their fingernails painted and they were there.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
For the pleasure of the hotel owner.
Sounds sweet to me.
Yeah, it was a pretty wild scene.
So don't let the Taliban fool you.
Okay.
Thanks a lot for the bad news, pal.
Take it easy, buddy.
Got to get some of that Taliban rule on, I guess, huh?
What are you laughing about?
With all those Jewish Marines closing the news around your neck these days, just getting through the neck can be very stressful.
Extra tests means extra wetness.
That is why the terrorists who wants to stay dry uses extra dry Taliban, Roland and the Persepirant.
Taliban extra dry works when you need it most.
Like when the Air Force is dropping 15,000 pound desicators on your house.
And Taliban extra dry comes in new godsend.
So you can blend in with a livestock when sneaking across the border into Pakistan.
Cool.
You go out and sit down like I heard a ghost in there.
All right, come on.
Take everything out of the car.
Let's go.
What are you hiding in there?
New Taliban extra dry Roland antiperspirant.
Strong enough for a camel, but made for a battle like you.
Taliban, Roland.
Because you're a speaking terrorist.
All right.
In a face that smells just like your bad day I wish you.
It's a dry, straggled, dried, the dream they bring me to.
Yeah.
It's on a Christmas shirt for the day.
It seems all you've got to do is just not see an end.
Who wants a task or time that's a hell of a battle?
Let go.
It's girls, the don't care about.
It's time to tell a bad guy.
I'll tell a bad guy.
We'll take your bath.
Got his belly button cracked.
We'll build with salt.
I want to make you look for the world.
We'll build up the internet.
All you need for a night's race.
I need to like, get you out of my neighborhood when I call you.
Come on.
It seems to be that it's a dry, dry, dry.
And as a blood cracker, you can't get to tell a bad guy.
I'll tell a bad guy.
Oh, I don't want to know.
I'll not eat salt.
From 22 to 560 WQM, US Marines fired a pistol in a mock ex-accusion involving four young
Iraqi looters and shocked another Iraqi detainee with an electric transformer until he danced.
A document made public yesterday showed they got him dancing in France and man.
Remember that song, Keep On Dancing by the who did that, the Gentries?
You remember that way before your time?
Don't we have a song like that?
No, we don't have that.
I thought we did.
Damn.
The June 16th US Navy document detailed tens of dance-eating incidents of detainee abuse and Iraqi involving 24 Marines,
dating back to May 2003.
The Marine Corps said 13 Marines were convicted in Courts Marshall.
Courts Marshall, have you ever seen that word before?
Yes.
You have?
Yes.
Where did you see that?
I've seen a written like that before.
See, if more I'm like me, I would have said court marshals.
No, it's not like that.
Well, I'll be damned.
This is so damn educational, it's shocking to me.
There's a lot of words.
It's like surgeons general.
It's said to be generals, you know what I'm saying?
Pains in the ass.
The Marine Corps said 13 Marines were convicted in Courts Marshall,
stemming from the incidents, getting prison senses of up to 15 months.
The document was written seven weeks after pictures of US Army soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners at the...
Abu Gharrab jail became public triggering worldwide condemnation.
But that didn't last too long.
It was small potatoes.
Remember everybody got whipped up for about 10 minutes and now, okay, what's next?
Remember that?
See you tomorrow?
Remember that.
I remember it.
It was one of numerous Navy documents released by the ACLU,
which obtained the amount of the Freedom of Information Act that in June 14th,
a Navy criminal investigator wrote that his Iraq case load is exploding.
High visibility cases are on the rise.
The Defense Department has insisted from the outset that abuse to be extended,
and it occurs that all is aboriginal, said Jamil Jafer and ACLU lawyer.
I think we now have overwhelming evidence that that's not true,
but that abuse was widespread and that it was systemic in the sense that it was the result of policies adopted by the...
The Defense Department, that's not the same defense department that Donald Rumsfeld is butchering into the Secretary.
I've could possibly be.
Yes, I'll be damned.
How can he still be in there, you know?
This proves beyond a shadow of an doubt.
You've got this triumphant there.
The three big crooks in which Cheney is the ringleader,
and bushes like the face man, you know?
Right.
And then of course Rumsfeld is like Hermann Gehring, the warrior.
567-0560, Tom 560 under Verizon and Singular Rottlesund.
Look how those lines have like lightened up, see?
I think we're like between the signal getting all screwed up there for the last day
and a half and then we finally went on the backup transmitter for about 20 watts.
Between that and the fact that it's like December 15th,
well I think we're like an empty deck.
I think it's on my head.
Maybe that's it, maybe you drove them all away.
WQAM, hello.
No sense, it's in there my cool, or not I went.
Okay, great.
567-0560, pound 560, I have no idea what it was saying.
I got one more.
Good for you.
Yeah, I'm sure that's what you can relate to.
Come on, let's get these phones smoking posts.
We've only gotten one and a half, but then again we can play all those voice mails again.
Huh?
Just in case we got to miss something the first time.
Put that finger on the button.
Right, get your finger right where it hurts the most.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I'm worried.
Pretty good, Palli.
Hey, since you're playing old call, I wonder if I could have a request one.
I hope it's not Reverend Jones.
I'm not sure.
So when the guy called up the complain, you keep hitting the your day button.
Oh yeah, there couldn't be Reverend Jones couldn't it?
No, I don't know.
Yeah, here's Oakland Park, hello.
Yes, is this Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
Mr. Rogers, Reverend Jones here and you're another phony Reverend?
You're having a controversial show today on dollars from the past.
What is it?
You're having a controversial show on colors from the past.
No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're a bit, bits that you're doing.
Sir, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bit.
No, no, I'm not.
We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a card on it.
I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you talking about?
The part that gave it, sir.
That was one of my, there's IA, yes sir.
You had to appreciate, cannot play that game.
I thought you would read the letter?
Do you, do you receive the letter, sir?
Your game, your game.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your game, your game, Sir, your game.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
They'll be a lawsuit.
Your game, sir, your game.
No, your game, sir.
Your game.
What was you trying to say?
Your game.
Oh.
You were listening to me, me, me, you rotten game.
And collosively.
On 560, you and him.
No fact in the church. Hollywood's greatest movies take an unexpected turn for the worst.
All this week on Plummer, Feather. Monday night it's Mary Muffin.
Mary Muffin!
Then Tuesday see the Plummer version of Star Wars.
You are the joy of me on the dark side.
Okay.
On Wednesday it's Lassie as you've never seen her before.
Look Mom! Mom and Lassie, please come on!
Seriously, hide it's Plummer's Theater's version of The Wizard of Oz.
There's no place like this.
Hey, nothing's happening.
I'll hold it up, go. Not too little to work.
There's just shoes.
And Friday usher in the holiday season with Miracle on 34th Street.
I am Santa Claus!
Yeah, yeah. I am, I tell you!
It's your pop and I don't really energize up money.
And I was about a little shocked there would be a light up Santa's nose.
You'll know you won't.
When you tune in this week to...
...Wommer, here he is!
I sign up here!
Dr. 31 at 5.62 at my dog at 2.00 at 4.
You got Geldie from the studio at 7.00.
And then at 8.10.
I'm choked up about this story.
The dolphins talk to...
Guess who? Nick Saban.
You'll renew this.
Yes.
What we want to have it right here, we don't want to have to wait till the sports show start.
LSU coach Nick Saban and dolphins officials met for several hours last night about the team's bacon head coaching position before the espn.com.
How about Terry Bowden when he be good?
Come on, Terry Bowden. He'd be a good old boy.
Yeah.
The website is reported that while the dolphins did not offer Saban the job, they made it clear he's their number one choice.
Discussing our expected continue over the next few days.
And Saban contemplates return to the NFL or retaining one of Colin's football's top jobs.
Saban's contract laws an interview with the NFL team between now and the taggers Capital One Bull on January 1 in Orlando.
Saban 53 hasn't coached in the NFL since being defensive coordinated the Browns 91 to 94 when he worked on Coach Bill Dullachekstab.
Saban began his NFL coaching career, a secondary coach reduced in Orlis from AD89.
Leftfully let it become head coach at Michigan State.
Hey, all right. Michigan State, thrills team.
Now, speaking of that, yeah, for all the stuff that, huh?
All these stories that are coming in about the Taliban?
Yeah.
Now, what magazine is this from? I have no idea.
Details? Is that a magazine?
Oh, yeah.
It is? What is it?
It was like the predecessor to like Maxim and FHM and all that stuff.
It says eyeliner, mail polish, a fondness for strong men.
They're all basic equipment for many young Afghans.
Now, are these Afghan hounds or brownie hounds?
It says where the Taliban gay?
Afghanistan's nights are cold. It's women invisible.
In a place like this, it's no surprise.
Men keep up, uh, end up keeping each other warm.
Where the Taliban down, but maybe not quite dead after all.
One of the more compelling questions that drove cocktail chatter during the Afghan war has resurfaced.
Just how gay were they? Really?
Where did this come from? This somehow escaped me?
Maybe because they were also ugly.
So anyone who's gotten the passing eye full of some of the boys of Kandahar that almost sounds like a rhetorical question.
Cool eyeliner, mail polish, a fondness for strong men with hands full of cash and chocolate.
These are standard equipment for many young Afghans.
Kandaharians will tell you that birds fly over the city flap only one wing,
needing the other wing to cover their tailfathers, which is what we said before.
And for the average battle hard and warlord of means, a boyish even beardless bunkmate is equivalent to a trophy wife
and far easier to stash in a fox hole.
He'll do just about anything you want of his own.
It echoes on and on pages and pages on my house, but he has Taliban,
like stuff like that over the top of his name, or maybe the bottom five six seven,
oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the surprise and singular wireless lines.
Who has the world's biggest closet that's our poll question today?
297 votes.
Catholic Church 167 Bush administration 47.
College fraternities 12.
Boy, it's not even a contest after the top two WSBN TV channel 711, 711.
Hollywood 11, NFL 11, LPGA 9.
How about your neighborhood gym?
Oh yeah, that's five Jones University 9, Disney World 5, Summer Olympics 5,
the Boy Scouts 3, United Kingdom 3, the Taliban F3 that will probably start growing right now in the vote total two.
And the WNBA only won.
They're all out.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm currently about the gentleman that was saying that there's no gains in the church.
Right.
My thing is, aren't all these pedophiles having such a braids?
It doesn't qualify them as being gay or so?
No.
They're dead?
No, this is surely.
Ah, okay, because I just kept doing them.
There's no gain in the church, there's no gain in the church.
I'm just getting there, or hearing one life after another from all these guys that are brainwashed.
There's no fact in the church, there's no fact in the church, there's no fact in the church.
Brainwashed is the word, man.
You got it.
Okay, I'll do that.
And I'll pray for you.
God bless you, my hidden friend.
Here's a fact that says, saying the voice mail messages was great that Christian called a word all of his love.
But if you knock it out of his demands, then we can avoid all of this.
That's because someone like him knows how he knows his hate and forcing his weakness and fear of death on others.
You're the pig, sir.
He's an emotional cripple who believes in fairy tale and who only knows how to threaten and bully people who don't agree with his limited point of view, a point of view of hate.
That's religion for you, baby.
Good old, ah, hate.
And by the way, that stupid hateful on the voice mail can't say the seaworth for sure.
Your kids should be in school at a quarter to nine, Neil is non-tilactive 10.
I think that was in reference to the whammy show on TV.
Right.
But what time was that on?
Was that on 830?
I don't remember.
I don't remember either.
I'm trying to hear of Beanie's.
So helping if I ever meet that ventim guy, I feel like Beanie is facing with a two by four.
That guy is the ultimate example of sports nerd, even as the whammy voice like Gilding.
Pist off gets me fired up on a hearing.
In fact, he's also become a star on the show.
Pist off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
We got a few of the chronic, so we become big superstars in their own right?
You're gay.
We get fired up when I hear someone say that.
We got a few of the chronic, so we become big superstars in their own right?
It doesn't meet the eye if you catch my drift.
Okay, what's Roxanne?
I mean Miguel, do it in a studio again.
I can't talk about it.
Yeah, oh, you're so full of crap.
You really are.
I have known a lot of people who were full of it.
In fact, I wouldn't be super.
You don't need to die.
Oh, you need a good ball movement.
I could be true.
I was serious.
I think that if they like it, didn't X-ray, I don't think they'd find a lot of food in your intestines or like fat.
I think you're just full of crap.
Actually, I used to have that problem.
Jesus, God and Joseph, man.
You are a...
Like I said, the biggest trouble maker, you make...
You make Jeff High seem like a good Samaritan.
You really do.
Oh, come on.
That's all you know how to do is stir the pot.
One thing to smoke it, but all you know how to do is stir it.
God.
Oh, my God, I'm not saying it.
I'm talking about my...
I can't tell you.
And it's always...
Part of the deal with the beast, it's always...
I can't tell you.
I wish I could tell you.
But I can't tell you.
Like, back in the mode days, you had more in...
And we still never found any of it out.
We still never passed any of it along.
Even though we're still up there in Boka waiting for his tape to show up.
Yeah.
God.
You just...
You just make crap up as you go along.
It's no wonder he just despise you.
And Joe Rose, man, the stuff that he used to...
He used to just hate you really.
You couldn't even begin to believe.
I know.
And for Ralph turned around, you too, even though you were up there in his apartment in Atlanta.
I can't believe that.
And I just...
I don't want you to be...
You don't want me to turn it at dawn.
Don't you remember those days?
Yeah, he...
He had those days.
Yeah, yeah.
I remember those days he turned around, you like a cornered rat.
Yeah.
I think you were the beginning of his downfall if you asked me.
I probably a pretty good guy, but you were the one who turned him down.
And then he went to whatever he turned to.
Whatever.
Whatever from how to 34 C.
You know, all of us.
Come on now.
Help me start to spread these damn stories about that...
That person in Vegas.
Okay?
It's not a good idea.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, Dale.
I just gave him a lot of the brazo.
Yeah, oh yeah.
This is Reverend Joe and he's here.
Hi.
And Reverend Joe is you sound gay quite frankly.
Maybe that's that time of the month.
I don't know what your deal is.
Maybe the other one will drop.
What are these ones?
Come in to QAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
You're talking about intelligence design before?
How about your friend?
Intelligence design with the evolution.
Yeah, I found out about them.
They say the earth is billions of years old, but they don't talk about dinosaurs.
They don't talk about prehistoric men.
Dinosaur is a prehistoric man and a proof of evolution.
This is definitely a scam to get religion into this school.
No.
Oh, you remember that prehistoric...
You remember that prehistoric pig meat you talked about?
Yeah.
The English papers, they show the genitals.
The Sun Sent them will show the picture of it.
They black out the genitals of the prehistoric man.
That take-
Well, thank god for that, man.
The little children might be reading the Sun Sentle, but I sure as held out it.
You are a king of Neil Rogers.
For us, we want to fight for the future of QAM.
It's day of the Miami Town.
Black cat, five six old WQL.
The critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be.
The most moving and memorable of all time.
I'm the way, me, not a white.
Christmas.
Just what the world tries to know.
Yes, cat no wax music presents.
Elmer Fodz, Christmas classics.
And this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle bells,
All the way.
Oh, what fun is to ride in a one-hours-old fenceway.
Oh, what fun you have hearing these timeless classics,
performed by America's most beloved hunter of wavits.
The long-awaited nose-way deer had very shiny nose.
And if you ever saw with, you would even say it well.
Elmer Fodz, Christmas classics, not available in stores,
and when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I sure hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll-free.
One 800.
But, operators are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Got some bad news and some good news.
Yeah.
Here's the bad news for his algorithm mother, Pauline, she died,
but she was 92. That's old enough.
Yeah, right?
Right.
She's dead. Now, the good news.
Yes.
Miguel Fax is not the one that does want to submit to his name on the year,
but a listener, Miguel, there's so many Miguel's in so little time.
Maybe Miguel who used to be on passions.
Please add Cubans to your list, easily the winner it says.
Well, I'll get that on it right away, will you say?
Yeah.
I think they got a shot.
567-0560, pound 567 of Verizon and Singular Rottlesund.
Don't forget Treasure Ryle in five to seven to seven,
a half-noons happy hour with George Booker Brian and...
What's his name?
WQA Amhill.
Not there.
567-0560.
Verizon Singular Rottles.
It's just pound 560.
This is an indication of me.
Yeah.
I think we just play Halloween music from Natalie and Vierwell.
Why don't we waste our time with this?
Just ain't happening, man.
Cubans QA Amhill.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
How come you don't have the US Navy on there?
US Navy is good.
All right.
How about what?
How about armed forces in general?
No.
No.
He wants to be more specific.
Okay.
Maybe he likes to village people.
I don't know.
He wants to be a Navy.
He wants to be out there with all those semen.
In the Navy.
I almost heard singing.
The Navy is sound of the US Navy.
Got it?
I don't be painting the big broad brush there over the entire US military.
Don't ask.
Don't ask.
Don't tell.
Right.
That's exactly right.
Don't ask and don't tell.
Just stay in a closet and have a good time.
Pentagon Auditors found numerous irregularities in a no competition deal given by US authorities
to Haliburton and paid for with the Racky Oil Money and International Watchdog Group
to disclose yesterday.
I'm going to say it again.
Last night, the fifth estate on CBC, they had a scathing one hour rip job.
I just don't believe Dick Cheney and Haliburton in the whole deal.
Right.
I noticed they got Silvio Burlusconi meeting with Bush today.
Well, you talk about Crooks of a Feather, talk together.
Man, oh man.
I noticed that Burlusconi had one wing over his head.
Right.
I wonder what that meant.
Talk about the biggest crook in the world.
That Burluscon.
You know, he owns.
He's the head of the government.
He's the prime minister in Italy.
He also owns the most of the TV states that were deriding networks really.
So like they put whatever propaganda on they want.
He's banned satire in Italy.
They were making fun of him.
So he's banned satire on television.
Not that they don't have any dictators in Italy like the Pope, for example.
And in spite of all that, mind your mind, your man.
They eat the good food.
They're happy.
They have a good time as good as they can out of the circumstances.
Audits covering five work orders worth $812 million made last year by a Racky West
administration.
Highlight many shortcomings including non-competition to require technical
reviduations, unsupported costs and overstated costs.
The International Advisory Monitoring Board said the Texas All Services Company was headed
by Dick Cheney between $95,000 and $2,000.
And it cost overruns on contracts linked to the US invasion of a Racky came an issue
in the presidential campaign.
US officials delayed turning over the audits for seven months after they were requested.
But finally provided them an October after blacking out portions to safeguard proprietary
information.
The board said.
And led to the audits by the US Defense Contract Audit Agency, the board said it ordered a special
audit of all sole source Haliburton work to be completed in early 2005.
While they're shoveling the money in their pockets, while they're hopping it up, grabbing
it, stealing it.
And that part about the Cayman Islands, you ought to see the Haliburton Office, their operation
in the Cayman Islands, it's about as big as your ass beast.
That's pretty big.
Yeah, it's like a little orifice.
Or in your case a big orifice.
That's all it is.
It says there's nobody in there.
There's no lights on.
There's no nothing.
It got like a mailbox.
It's just a PO drop.
That's all it is.
Sure.
But we're in the Cayman Islands, Haliburton.
Therefore, we can do business with Iran, with Iraq, with North Korea.
Any crazy people we want.
This was on the CBC.
Okay?
Well, let's see it on your American networks.
You can bet your life on that.
That's what's his name's life on it.
WCWM.
The machine in their pockets, man.
Whether it's on it, I think it'll be on it.
I think it'll be on it.
QAM.
Yeah, that part about the Cayman Islands, the other CBC, the Haliburton Office, their operation
in the Cayman Islands.
WCWM, hello.
For one of on 82nd grade, you know.
Oh, was that week or what?
Man, give a little farther away from the phone next time.
The gargler's having his problems today, too.
That was really special.
WCWM, hello.
Fail.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Did anybody talk to you about the church that got stolen?
The why?
The church that got stolen.
This is Reverend Jones.
Hello.
WCWM, hello.
QAM.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, what you have to say about Christians, you have no idea.
I came from a Christian family.
My grandfather was a minister.
They really mean about Christians.
I mean, what about all religious nut?
No, but the Christians use you.
You just want to pick on the Christians.
Go ahead.
You haven't really, you haven't really felt joy until you've had a Christian family.
They are the biggest grave robbers, the biggest liars.
The biggest throw you under the bus.
My grandfather was going to have to throw in my Christian yellow paint.
No, no, no.
My grandfather was a minister and he was really a man of God, but his kids were the worst.
They were the worst.
I mean, liars, backstabbers, backbiteers, cheaters, row you under the bus.
And if they have a problem with you, they don't sell the problem.
They just don't talk to you ever again.
Right.
And if they have someone they don't like, they get everybody else to not like them.
Uh-huh.
What kind of way is that?
I mean, if they're going to be Christians, don't they go by the book?
I mean, if they don't like somebody, they don't sell the problem.
They just get everybody else to hate them too.
There you go.
They go just by that book, the good book.
I'd love to hear from other people that had gone through the same thing.
And it made, I thought it was just my family.
No, I did.
I thought it was just my family.
I thought maybe my family was crazy, but I hope I'm not.
I hope I'm not.
And I could old Christian hate it's all over the power.
Oh, you've got no idea.
You have no idea.
Yes, I do have a good idea.
Oh, it's worse.
It's worse for us to street from a Catholic school and brighten New York man.
And the kids used to beat me up because I killed Jesus.
They're nuns to a top in the Jews killed Jesus.
It's worse than you even think so.
They are the worst.
Why are you beating on me?
I didn't even know the guy, damn it.
Yeah, right.
Happy Hanukkah.
It's the last day you like your candles.
No, yeah, I'm sticking them in with the moon.
No, China.
Good luck to you, pal.
All right.
You better make your peace with God.
You better get good with the Lord is what it is.
Just like that one bitch on it.
Oh, yeah.
I don't you like her?
You made my son a faggot.
Right.
The anti-crank.
Yeah.
Right.
I'm the anti-Christ, anti-Neal anti-Christ.
You haven't believed in the devil.
Oh, brother.
So many ignorant, unbelievable, superstitious dumbass bastards out there in so little time.
And you wonder why Bush got reelected supposedly.
I mean, how could it even have been close?
All of these disasters now that finally the media started to tell us about the humbys
and about our troops being, you know, just totally elect out Nicole and like I've been
saying all along.
It's a human sacrifice.
That's all it is.
It's nothing more.
It's a human sacrifice.
It's a blood band.
And they also had a piece in there about the off-meds Chalabee last night.
And they, you know, a convicted extortionist.
Oh, yeah.
He's going to be our man and church.
Then come to find out.
Surprise, surprise.
He's a stooge for the Iranians.
Oh, no.
Oops.
How did that happen?
Oops.
Oops.
I just like Bernie Kerr.
Oops.
These are the people that are going to keep you safe, folks.
This is the Department of Homeland Security.
Bernie Kerr.
Who's got an arrest warrant out in Jersey.
He's a crook.
He's got 15 different wives and 15 different places.
He's screwing around with two mistresses sitting in the burnout, the shell of a building across
from the World Trade Center where it used to be.
This is one of the lowest of the low lives.
And your government couldn't figure that out.
It was up to all the investigative people and all the journalists, newsweek and the others.
And the New York Daily News, which took tremendous...
They really loved it.
They must hate him like poison.
Big recommendation by Giuliani, by the way.
Yeah.
Rudy Giuliani, by the way, you don't see him no more.
He's gone into hiding.
He's gone to the mattresses, I think.
With Luca Brassi and Clemenza.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing, Polly?
What's going on?
Hey, check out this movie called The Second Civil War.
It was like an HBO special, a wild fight, but it shows you how the politicians do things.
It's hilarious.
It's hilarious, Louis.
It's going to be on HBO.
Oh.
Yeah, a long time ago.
You probably have to buy this.
It's the DVD now.
They probably have to be your eyes.
It's a sort.
But it just makes fun of all the politicians, and it's really cool.
It's a really cool movie.
You'll love it.
What's it called?
The Second Civil War.
Okay.
I mean, it just hilarious.
It just shows you how politicians work and how they're manipulation on it.
No, I don't believe any of that.
That's right, Polly.
Have a great party.
I hope I see you.
I don't believe that propaganda.
These politicians are honest, man.
That's right.
They're hard working.
There isn't an idiot if they're a voice.
I was looking at Steve Forbes there on the USC and N.
I got an E.
He isn't one of the most...
He makes me look lovely.
He's the most grotesque thing that have you ever seen him?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
He makes Wayne look like a baby's ass.
He makes Wayne's face.
I mean, just like...
Like chunks of the moon on his face.
He's the Forbes.
Since Ching is the top forever.
Plus a personality like a dead man.
He ran for president.
I do like his flag tag, though.
I think about 2% something.
Don't you?
Yes.
Well.
5, 6, 7, 8, and of course in your case, what difference does it make when you've got wealthy parents that live on Brooklyn Avenue?
They've got millions and millions and millions that keep feeding your fat ass and trying to kill you?
I think you should sue them for parental malpractice.
They've got the big bucks.
Right.
I'll get right on it.
Huh?
I'll get right on it.
Why not?
Can I ask them for money to get the attorney to do them?
Have them pay the attorney's fees.
Yeah.
Why not?
In fact, instead of spending all that money taking you on those damn cruise ships,
Boy, you know, you give me started on a cruise ship crap.
I love cruise ships.
Yeah.
You love it because it's free and you can figure fat face.
That's why you love cruise ships.
You only give me a cruise ship.
Why?
You give me like 12 times a day.
Yeah.
Right.
That's the reason you like it.
Have you ever been on a cruise ship?
Quantity.
Here's the guy that was giving me a critique about steak houses in Ripper Roots Christa couple of days ago.
And he's telling me about the quantity of food on the cruise ship.
How he keeps shoveling all day down his big fat face.
He does two things.
He goes to the buffet and then he runs to let it out.
That's it.
That's why he's the expert on public restrooms also.
Shouveling it in and getting rid of it.
Which is here.
That's your voice getting rid of it.
That was a very clinical way to do that.
That's what I'm doing.
Yeah.
A very odorless aromatic way of doing.
Probably smells like lilacs.
Yours needs a meal Roger.
Corrector.
516-C-A-M.
Dear E.O.B.
And the meal Roger wanted to do our as my personal stable approval.
But I'm not sure if that's a young Elvus or a fat elf.
Like you.
Or you were watching.
Well, like you.
Like it very much.
This area is the team.
I don't have them around for a while.
But I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
Although they think it'll be a bit of a Christmas.
And I could give y'all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like how about a little squeeze of that time I go on by.
Like everyone.
Like a whole frame.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
A time of eleven.
And I sure would love it.
Thanks for life.
That's it.
I'll teach you to go out there.
Like it.
What's with lunch?
No, we're all right.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
Christmas to me means family.
And family means friends.
But friends means getting together.
And getting together means beating.
I'll pass you that term to take which place.
Well, like it's like a remote.
Now this one was later here right now.
You know, maybe a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a hell with a hand.
A helping hand.
Would you hand me a helping with my data's over there?
Would you believe?
Like it.
Like I'm on.
Now like I was saying, ain't nobody so big he can.
Stoop to help a friend of me to go with a holiday of season.
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that soul-sucker when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just just those screly colors.
Like it.
Like I'm that.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.L.
I don't know, Lido's steak tips right where he are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it, thank you.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made men into his own image.
And look at the mirror, I'd have to say God must be a big, big son of a gun.
Do you know what I mean?
I like it, dude.
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing.
When y'all with whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree,
save a big, big bowl for the tan.
Extra butter, the normal one.
Like you do, like you.
Like you do.
102-560-W2M-222, the Humpir at 4, you got Gilday.
I always last the parents of the year, I'm sure that at 7-9, educate 10,
that's our award-winning lineup here on QM.
We're on the backup transmitter.
Are we still on it?
I don't know, I haven't heard of it.
Where is I now?
As far as we know, and it sounds queer, clear as a bell.
We're having some real serious problems before multi-probe,
probably me, but we got it straightened out.
At least on the old backup.
Now this beast faxes me, which is kind of interesting.
You couldn't have waited to say this on the air.
No, I was like a...
It's so upset that I had to fax it.
For yesterday's pool, people using cell phones using the urinal should be illegal.
IE, Todd Dreck.
I can't even believe he's still there.
Oh yeah.
Because George was telling me, I keep asking him every week,
because he's still there, because he does nothing for this show,
and he was giving me a song of dance about, well, he's got this one coming on.
He does nothing for the show, zero, which is probably just as well,
because he won't give me any copy for any accounts anyway.
He don't believe in copy.
He just believes in writing business.
Todd Dreck at the urinal talking on the cell phone.
That is protest and nasty thought.
Almost as nasty as sitting down in the...
We've got two stalls there in the QMT room,
and the idea of sitting down at one and having the beast sitting in together
or Jeff High take your pick.
That is not a pretty thought.
You know what I'm saying?
Going back to that discussion about you on the cruise ships.
Just shoveling down your face.
In fact, I think about doing the Emerald Coast Bot deal,
but they knew bragging about the fact that we got to come up today.
And you bragging about the fact that you were there.
See, when you go into any kind of a Faye restaurant,
there are...
Now I'm like, you know, I'm a little... I'm...
Pudgey, I'm fat, but I'm not like super fat.
I'm not in the category of like, you know, there's a lot of people...
There's a lot of people.
No, I'm definitely not obese anymore.
I have it in my life.
At one time I was a porky 266 long ago.
Right.
1973, that's like how many years ago?
31 years ago.
31 years ago.
But there are people who are like a little overweight,
and they're like skinny people,
and you know, I'll range of people.
And then there are those people in your buffet places
who are just gigantic.
They're huge.
Yeah, yeah.
Like you.
Yeah, although what I will...
No, no, listen, buffet places are a magnet for pigs.
Like no mistake.
That's true.
And that's why you go there.
And probably just mind your mind just...
I can't even begin to imagine.
I usually don't go to those places.
And invariably, for example,
there was a place that's not open anymore here.
They closed it down and built some other restaurants.
But there used to be a place over the great Sunday brunch.
I'd go a lot with a friend.
And you'd sit in there every week.
It was like a ritual with me.
And you watched the same two or three enormous,
huge, I'm talking about four or five hundred pound guys.
Wow.
And it would come back and waddle back to their seat.
How they sat in one cheer, be it tell out of me.
And the plate would be like just overloaded.
I mean, just the stuff falling,
spilling over the edges, and just loaded as high as you could pile it.
Man, what is that all about?
I guess you're going to keep up that girth.
You have to keep, you know, shoveling it down, right?
A lot of food for little money.
That's what it's about.
There you go.
I got another one for our poll today.
Yeah.
YMCA.
Ooh, good one.
YMCA.
And we got in the Navy.
We're new all the village people places here.
Yeah, right.
YMCA.
You made it up, but how about gyms?
Like, uh, what about...
Yeah, public, how do we say that though?
Your neighborhood gymnasium?
Your neighborhood gym?
Yeah, neighborhood gym works out.
Neighborhood gym.
And I try to tell people that, oh no, you're crazy.
You think everybody's like, hey, you just make...
Yeah, we ride.
Let me just tell you right now.
Guys that go to places to shower together.
And that hang around in a linger in the shower.
You know, I don't want to get into a big description, but...
Yeah, yeah.
That'll handle it.
Yes, right?
You played all the old calls.
I'm surprised you didn't play the old guy arguing about France.
Oh, but that's...
Oh, that's...
Well, you're right.
That's a good idea.
It relates to...
It goes on forever.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, so I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And they just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends,
and how long have you had those best friends for?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means...
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody.
Everybody has best friends.
Okay.
I mean, if anybody has it all, sure.
It has to do with the paternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends.
One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
Nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay.
Don't take showers with them.
Don't step towels at them.
All right.
In a fraternity house, we don't socialize by can showers together.
If a guy takes a shower, and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations in fraternities and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescents, 18, 19,
and you're trying to find yourself in college, whatever it may college may be,
fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
What I say like you, I mean they like the same interests.
They play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend,
or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming a sexual experience is, oh, well, it could be.
It could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or non-sexuals, they're relevant.
No, no, it is not. It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is.
No, it is not.
When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have a friend.
So because you have a best friend, or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a,
that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And being certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Can I, can I have groups with them?
You know, some of the, I belong to a health club.
And in the health club that I belong to, it's a completely heterosexual health club.
Yeah.
But the shower is a shower with, with the, with the stalls on it.
Now, do you think that I have to come part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea. You can answer that question.
But that's not what I'm doing.
I will, I will.
I'm going to do this.
There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, even in health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
I don't even believe you.
No, don't sound offensive.
We believe you, yeah.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a group.
What is the point of another?
What is the point of making the other?
What is the point of making the young kids get naked?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a grateful word and praise.
That's right.
When you belong to a fraternity and I'll say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
So why is that required in getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
if you share, you share intimate moments.
That's intimate moments.
That's sexual.
When I say intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
For example, I'm so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir.
You want to know what I'm talking about?
Sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys.
You're never going to share experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids.
Are there any other friends that you make your friends?
Why would you run?
Why would you run?
I'm not into the beach naked with a bunch of guys.
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on.
Hazing is not a question of you why, you don't have a choice.
Right.
Because what do you want to do?
Why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My closet friend?
That hangs out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, Pat?
I don't every day experience.
People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked.
Nor do they should be naked.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop with the screen.
Stop with the theme and the theme, Pat.
Okay.
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for what?
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
No, no, no.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves
and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys,
who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this, okay?
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
I'll tell the child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked
in order to be their friend, I'll pass, okay?
There's a good message for all you kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever age,
if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of
naked, hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club,
in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit,
run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
I just want to be your friend for life.
That's what Miss Kamal said, too, I think.
He just was looking for a friend for life, right?
From when it's after one at five, 60 W.A.M.
it began with the original Bose Wave Radio back in 1993.
It sounds like 11 years ago to me.
Popular science called it a sonic marvel.
And now, 11 years later,
Bose is engineered to a whole new standard,
introducing the great new amazing Bose Wave music system
that reproduces a half-octave lower musical notes,
plus even greater instrument clarity and definition.
The sleek new design features no buttons,
a convenient credit card style remote,
not controls all functions, including FMA AM radio,
new slot load and CD player.
Call Bose directly tool-free, 1-800-560-4832,
the word of what David Novak, the gadget guy, says,
can't easily replace whatever components
this we currently have.
Or, due to the end shipping is free,
it's only the 15th you still have time for the holidays,
a great holiday gift idea.
Call 1-800-560-4832 when you do call.
Be sure to ask about the new Bose payment plan
once you make convenient monthly payments,
using your own major credit card with no interest from Bose.
A risk-free, terrible, proud, guaranteed, you sense faction.
So call right now to hear the unbelievable sounding new Bose Wave music system,
1-800-560-4832.
That's 1-800-560-4832.
Yours needs a new Rogers.
The rest of us on the 560-48 AM.
The end shipping is free.
Shopping for a Christmas gift, for a celebrity,
is easier than you think.
Folks just listen to me.
But, Paris and E.P.T. bought for the attack of win- spins.
And for Mr. Arcally, I hired the whole sun's wins.
On DROCAL, a fishing pole, and a nutless, crude cake.
O' Jason, Giamby likes my steroid, free protein shake.
I got a dad through the courts, sent to Lindsay Lowen.
Boss got fear since I'm sure, since hell is where he's going.
I thought last year we closed for the desperate housewife.
I hope O'Jay loves my gift of free shark ensued night.
But, jam in a nimble ring, got Sargeon's a real man.
Tawn Ashley Simpson to sing, and a cold kid man, a ten.
Once 17 at 5.60 WQM, look at that.
A fallen star, you're really juliennig of the CNN.
And they're absolutely correct about that.
A little on the tarnished side, as a matter of fact, his skin had boyfriend.
And a permanent, this is in the New York Times.
An apartment in Badbury Park City that former police commissioner Bernie Kerrick secured for his personal use after 9.11
was originally donated for the use of weary police and rescue workers
who were helping a ground zero according to a real estate executive
who has been briefed about the apartment.
Azal Goldstein would say, use the apartment.
After the cleanup had settled into a routine that falling executive said Mr. Kerrick, who was still a police commissioner,
asked to rent the two bedroom apartment for his own use.
During his use of the apartment, Mr. Kerrick and Judith Reagan engaged in an extra-meritle affair
that according to some of his book to Mr. Kerrick about the relationship,
Ms. Reagan published his best selling autobiography in 2001.
Rescue workers were combing through the World Trade Center rubble around the clock
when Mr. Kerrick called Anthony Bergamo, a well-connected vice chairman of the Milstein Family Real estate company,
and a police buff, and asked for helping find a place for the workers to rest during break the executive said,
according to the executive who knows Mr. Bergamo, the vice chairman arranged for Mr. Kerrick
to have the use of an apartment there.
He could say, use the apartment.
Several apartments in the buildings had been used by rescue workers on breaks
and by red cross staff who were treating them in the months after 9.11.
While Mr. Kerrick was screwing his brains out.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
I'm sure he was very emotional as he looked out the window,
being reminded of the remains of 9.11.
What do you think?
Probably a tear came to his eye.
Maybe.
Speaking of crazy Christians, speaking of intolerant lunatics,
speaking of what America is becoming, unfortunately, regressing into their stone age,
and boldened by the election day successes, some Christian conservatives around the country
are trying to put more Christ into Christmas this season.
You'll notice we're getting more of that this year than I would think that ever before.
Oh, how come we got to menorah?
We got to have more than just a Christmas tree.
We got to have an activity scene with Christmas and ads in this place.
Season greetings, happy holidays, which should satisfy everybody.
That's not enough because that shows a little bit of understanding, intolerance, and compassion.
No, it's got to be specifically dealt to you, goyem.
I mean, there's a revival taking place in our nation that is causing Christian and right-minded people to say right-minded, far-right.
Wait a minute. We've gone too far.
So the Reverend Patrick Wooden Sr., pastor of the Raleigh Church,
we're not going to allow the country to continue this downward spiral to the left.
We're not going to allow it.
See that?
Yeah.
In California, a group called the Committee to Save Mary Christmas.
We're slaughtering, we're butchering people in Iraq.
You young people over there being used as a human sacrifice.
And we got people worrying about the Committee to Save Mary Freaking Christmas.
Right.
They're boycotting Macy's in its corporate parent-federated departments,
they're accusing them of replacing Mary Christmas signs with one wishing shopper's season greetings or happy holidays.
The organization cites the recent presidential election showing political correctness as offending millions of Americans.
Federated for its parts is it has no ban on such greetings and an extraordinary vision can have the prizes they see fit and store clerks are free to wish any
Christopher Mary Christmas.
Macy says his ads commonly use the phrase, Merry Christmas.
The push from the religious right troubles our friend Barry Lynn, executive director for Americans United for Separation of Church and Saved Diaries again.
There's only like a small handful of people like him around the country.
A couple of organizations and other than that, forget about it.
This mixing of secular and religious symbols ought to be seen as a bad thing,
not a good thing for Christian believers. He says, unfortunately some of the Christian pressured groups seem to have it backwards.
He adds, I think it's fair to say it's a mistaken notion that they have a mandate to put in more nativity scenes because George Bush was elected.
And by the way, you'll be pleased to know that here in Toronto, in my building with his got hundreds and hundreds of apartments,
they make it clear every year there's a sign in the lobby.
No decorations and no religious decorate, no season, no nothing.
I'm new doors because it offends some people.
We've got Arabs, we've got Muslims, we've got atheists, we've got Jews, we've got Christians, we've got every kind of glam.
And so we don't put anything on here and everybody survives somehow.
And we're like that.
The battle over the manger on a city hall lawn is nothing new.
People expect the annual tussle over the separate church in state.
But they keep the Christ and Christmas continued and this is especially agitated this year over what its members see as a troubling trend on Main Street.
Targets through as Vanning Salvation Army bell ringers, UPS drivers complaining to a free speech groups that they've been told not to wish people a Merry Christmas.
And accusation UPS denies is silly on its face and just not true by the way.
And major corporations burying religious music from cubicles and renaming the office Christmas bash the end of the year party.
I think it's part of a growing movement of people in order.
Actually it's part of tolerance is what it is, we sure don't want that.
I think it's part of a growing movement of people with more traditional values which make up the majority of people in this country saying an office in office is Greg Stutt.
A spokesman for the Arizona based alliance defense fund we know that Arizona and California are home to the most rabid right we organizations in history of mankind amidst stories of schools banning the signing of carols singing of carols on buses.
Scott's group is distributed to more than 5,000 schools a seven point legal primer citing 40 years of case law that says it's okay to mention Christmas in public places.
Okay. And the group has about 800 attorneys waiting in the wings in case that notion needs to be reinforced.
They're going to legislate Christmas right down your throat. They're going to stick it right up your throat.
That's right.
To that same end, a Virginia based Rutherford Institute, another right wing of much of nuts which says it received the UPS driver complaints has reached its 12 rules of Christmas guide is celebrating the birth of Jesus.
I think the businesses in the schools have just gone too far.
This is the final straws is Institute President John W. Whitehead. It's supposed to be a time of what peace and freedom and fun and they've kind of made into a secular kind of a gray day.
I don't know. It's so shining here. It's blue skies. How about there? It's not you don't stop that out.
Men's a men's a little chilly. Let's okay. Right. I'm going to talk about the temperature. I'm talking about he says it's kind of a great gay.
Great. Great. Great. A conservative radio TV talk show has struggled over some recent incidents of what they consider political correctness.
Right. A muck in Kansas. The Wichita Eagle ran a correction for a notice that mistakenly referred to the community tree at the Wittichress celebration is a Christmas tree.
And the mayor of civil film mass apologized after news release mistakenly referred to the December 21st city holiday party is a Christmas party.
But to many of the threats and demands that stores put up merry Christmas size are no laughing matter. Why not simply require stolen by Jews to put a gold star in their ads on their store for the Reverend Jim Melnik associate rector of St. Mark's
The Physical Church in Raleigh wrote in a letter to the editor. It's unbelievable. It's incredible. The pressing people who use their religion as a weapon.
I'm going to beat you over the head with it and I'm going to make you be subjected to this whether it's offensive view or the elected or not.
Okay. And by the way, Mary F. and Christmas, I wish we could play that. Should we try to look? Well, no, I'm serious. Well, I know because I haven't had time to audition. This is going to be real pain in the ass having to listen to stuff on audition during the break to see if it's.
I heard there is no Christmas.
I don't think so.
Really middle view. No trees. No snow. What do you say, John? Yeah, do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. They will even move on. Tell me.
And not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the middle east and. Hey, there, Mr. Mublums, Mary Christmas, but down that hook the core.
I hear some. In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus says birthday, so get off your heath and muddle a map and fucking tell.
That was okay. There is no holiday season in India. They don't hang out there stockings and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what root off is about. And that is why in the December I'll go to India.
And.
Hi there, Mr. Hindu.
And Mary.
And Mr. Freak.
And he's some beef and pass it to us.
They chase you.
Have it.
No, it's Jesus.
It's a birthday.
So get off your heath and then do it.
Sell a bride.
Now I heard that in Japan, everyone just lives in sand. They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake. And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and try.
Hi there, Mr. Shenzhou. It's very Christmas. God is gonna shake her ass you into delicious bacon scum.
In case you haven't noticed, they're best if they could do. So let's all rejoice for Jesus' marriage.
I'm Christmas Day. I travel around the world and say.
Now it's Christmas bonus and all you ACS-2.
Mary.
And play as my...
Oh yeah.
What a time.
Oh, oh.
I was listening to Neil Rogers. It's Christmas.
It's Christmas in AM.
There's a guy getting stuck, okay?
Oh!
I'm like out from over at the Walmart.
Good.
Trapwheeled under shoppers, breathing feet. Get out of my way, you pervert.
It was Sunday after Thanksgiving.
Oh!
A program I didn't know she'd be dead to me.
Every year, we try to...
All she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You ruined Christmas or the DVD she owned.
Merry Christmas, Christmas.
But when those faithful doors swung open,
The number one she was stepped on and begged up straight to the bone.
Grandma's now white out of action.
And our hospital, she says.
Half her body is in traction.
And she even needs a nurse to take us.
Uh-uh.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
He'd be awful.
Trapwheeled under shoppers, breathing feet.
It was Sunday after Thanksgiving.
Don't!
A program I didn't know she'd be dead to me.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Trapwheeled under shoppers, breathing feet.
It was Sunday after Thanksgiving.
Trapwheeled under shoppers, breathing feet.
Hello, operator. Give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
What's your ass?
I'm dying on my hair.
122-5-16-12.
Joe is a gassy and put a mad dog there.
I should have known.
Yeah.
After two straight days,
That's a little bit too much for us.
Especially with the dolphin season going away.
Oh, right.
He needs the rest.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
So we got Joe Zee in today,
which I'm sure the beast had something to do with that.
Nothing to do with it, but I'm glad to hear it.
I'm here on Guaranteed.
You're responsible for it.
Okay, good guy, but oh, man.
In fact, give us the big...
Oh!
Any day.
Oh.
Now, are you going to knock the big O after you're like,
You got Miguel pissed off.
I mean, now about something which I have no idea what that is.
You're going to turn the whole place against me.
And then you bring in fat boy.
You went back to the sale program and...
I did not bring in...
I did not bring in...
Oh, yeah, how you...
And you bring that type of crap in there.
He tried to get in his way, but...
I tried, man.
I tried to prevent him from getting to the mic.
Oh, yeah.
Like, like...
I can just see that.
He rolled right over me.
Yeah.
Like a gigantic...
I get a shmoo.
Keith and Volk has got a good idea,
which I think I mentioned this yesterday when you were talking about going to
publics for a magic room.
Listening to the show today, I thought I'm a good pull question,
but we'll have to be a two-part pull.
It would be a great service.
I think we might do that tomorrow, don't you?
Yeah.
It would be a great idea.
It says, you know those times when you're in a car,
if you're at sudden pressure and you're abolishing,
you know you won't be able to make it home in time.
Oh, do I ever?
I think of that trip in Oakland that time, open California,
late at night at Denys.
It says, you need to find a place to go.
See, that's very sanitary choice, a place to go.
Part one, who has the best public bathroom,
he says, my vote is Toys R Us.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, it's horrible.
I can't see that.
What do you mean by that?
I've got all the kids and stuff.
If, you know, anybody who's going in there, like...
Yeah, anybody taking little kids into a tea room
and they'd make a mess.
Oh, geez.
And part two, as the worst public bathroom,
is vote is The Waffle House.
Oh.
What?
He's got a point.
Oh, you've done a number with The Waffle House?
I haven't done a number, but I've been to The Waffle House quite a few times.
Well, how do you know what the restroom looks like just because you're judging
maybe on the ambiance of the place is added?
Maybe The restroom is sparkling clean.
Maybe The Waffle House is a little...
No, no, it's definitely not.
Like, I wouldn't sit in The Waffle House.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You wouldn't what?
You don't want a squat in The Waffle House?
Was it a word?
Or sit?
You sit.
Right.
Okay.
Just wanted to make sure...
Oh.
I got my own little yellow square button here, you know?
I want to protect everybody under all circumstances.
So that's a good idea, Keith.
I think we'll work on that for tomorrow.
That's beautiful.
Part one.
And then we'll do number two.
Ha, ha, ha.
We'll do number one tomorrow, number two on Friday.
How's that?
Okay.
Who has the world's biggest closet that's our pull quest today?
475 votes.
Starting from the bottom.
YMCA only won.
How so do you people are?
Neighborhood gym is only got one.
WNBA is only got three.
The Boy Scouts three.
The U.S.
Navy three.
United Kingdom four.
The Taliban five.
Cubans only six.
Marikon, Bugarron, Summer Olympic seven Disney World eight, NFL 12, Hop Jones University
13, Channel seven, WSVN 14.
Your neighborhood, the fact place.
The LPGA 15, College Fract 17, Hollywood 17, the Bush administration 64, and way out
in front.
In Elyca, they're all in the Catholic Church 281 votes.
But I'd like to remind you.
Please don't sag in the church.
Keep that in mind.
Now, here's something to keep in mind.
Members, Zell Miller?
Yeah.
He's coming to a TV near you very soon.
Zell Miller, the sequel.
And guess what network?
Let me give you 86 guesses.
Is to which network he's going to be reporting for.
Fuck.
Now what a good guess.
Yeah, I saw that story.
The Fox News Channel confirmed yesterday that Georgia's 72-year-old U.S.
right-wing Senator A. Lunatic has signed on as a contributor once he leaves Orifice next
month.
I'm resented to be joining Fox News Channel.
I'm eager to contribute to the continuing success of the network, Miller said.
A Democrat alleged in name only, who campaigned for President Bush in the November election,
and made an ass-and-eye speech at the Republican Convention.
Miller has been a frequent guest on Fox programs, including the anxious-handling in-call
show.
Kevin McGee, Vice President of Fox News, programming said executive is we're impressed by
Miller's appearances on those shows.
Predicted, he'll be a frequent contributor in his new role, which begins January 6th.
I wonder if Hermann Gehring is going to be a frequent guest on there, too, huh?
And Joseph Gerbos and Rudolph Hess and Dr. Joseph Mangala and that whole crowd.
What do you think, baby?
Zell is a terrific person, McGee, said he's colorful.
He's an interesting guy.
He's good on TV.
He's strong in his opinions.
He's not wishy-washy about telling you how he feels.
Fox spokesman Paul Schurr said Miller will be used all across Fox News programming.
He'll be like wallpaper on your TV.
He could show off on special report with Brigham or on your role with Neil Cavuto or Fox News
Sunday, sure, said.
The network declined to comment about Miller's compensation.
The Fox gig is the second major career move for Miller in his many weeks.
Last week in Amsterdam, he joined the Atlanta Law firm of McCann along an
Aldridge as a senior policy adviser.
Miller is also working on another book, which he said is to do with his publisher's Orifice March 1.
His last home, a national party, no more, has sailed the Democratic Party for a
Cholting Too Far To Left and became a national bestseller.
Coming soon away, Nazi books during near-by-view.
I do like that.
Zell Miller, I don't.
So we've got the Christians who want to stick Christmas in your face.
We want to stick to an activity scene and all the other bobbles and chachkis.
You see the interesting part about all of that is, as you well know, it's like the Orthodox Jews
and the conservative, especially the Orthodox and the Reform Jews, oh boy, they came together like
poison.
Oh yeah, they do.
And the same is true with all the Christian denominations and the Catholics, for example,
they protest into the Catholics just as you see acted out in Northern Ireland on a daily basis,
throwing little girls going to school, throwing bricks at them because of the fact that they don't
believe the same fairy tales and the same will be true now in America.
As you're going to start seeing this big divide.
And of course, Bob Jones from the University, where your president spoke by the way to Bob Jones University,
Bob Jones, the turrets.
You turk.
Talking about the Catholic Church being like, what did he call it?
Like, what did he call it?
And then of course, Islam is a gutter religion and Judaism is a gutter religion.
That's what the we fear of constant.
I'll tell you one thing.
They're all gutter religions.
How do you like that?
See, we don't discriminate on the show.
They're all ridiculous.
They're all asses and they're all needless.
Okay?
I mean, if you want to have some good deli, that's fine.
If you want to enjoy a big frat turkey and some stuffing and cranberry sauce,
and say, hey, that's the issue, some, they went, great, right?
We love that stuff.
Oh, yeah, we do.
But don't be feeding me all the fairy tales.
Oh, in a good book says, it was written by lunatics by primitive morons thousands of years ago.
There was no printing press.
There was no telegraph.
There was no telephone.
There was no AM, no FM, no PM, no nothing, no maps, no anything.
You name it.
Boba Myces, fairy tales, old wives tales handed on on somebody's knee thousands of years later.
And we're still trying to figure out who killed JFK and who killed Cock Robyn, right?
Who killed JR?
Exactly.
There you go.
And speaking of Robyn, at your age, those types of stuff look a little ridiculous.
Okay, Bert.
And you've seen them, I'm sure you know, they bring these guys like on biography channel.
Do you want to say it?
You want to know.
And you've seen the Batman thing and they bring back Bert Warden, Adam Weston.
Oh, it's...
And you tell me there's a god?
Yeah, that's right.
You see some of these celebrities that used to look pretty good, you know, back in the day.
And they bring them back like 40 years later and look like they're left side of their faces where they're asked and supposed to be.
You know what I'm saying?
That must hurt.
Oh, God.
They're running...
Yeah, they show them out of that.
Don't ask, don't tell policy.
Wow.
Oh, life-saving armor.
Look at this.
Let's dig through the garbage through the addumster.
See if we can find some armor for our vehicles or for our humbues.
And the public is like, no outrage.
Where's the outrage?
Where's the anger, you know?
They want to fix the life...
Then a fixed election in Ukraine, the guy got poisoned, his whole face is falling apart, speaking of that stuff.
And the people are revolting and demonstrating the streets.
And America, the people are just revolting.
They're not demonstrating, they're just revolting.
They're worried about values.
No, they're worried about who's going to get what for Christmas?
They're worried about how much money they got.
That's all they give a crap about.
They're not worried about important things.
I don't know if they're going to wind up with the $166,000 jackpot on the wheel of fortune today.
That's not what the important crap is.
Oh, yeah.
You bet.
When that be sweet.
When that be sweet.
The next wheel comes down, and the next one comes down, Boeing, and then the third one comes down, blank.
Comes down, blank.
Talk about leaving being less limp.
You should get half for that.
You should get something more than...
You know what?
It also was another real ripoff.
Yeah.
And I don't know why they do it.
Lotteries.
Why is it, for example?
I told you this story a couple of about a month ago.
When I had the $5 out of $6,000, I missed the other number by one.
Right.
The winning number was 13.
I had 14.
I had all the other five.
Five out of six paid me $1574,000.
It was a $15 million jackpot.
Right.
So wouldn't you think that maybe like five out of six, five plus the bonus whatever would pay like, you know, $250,000.
You see what I'm saying?
Why stick it all on the top?
Right?
You don't agree with that.
I don't know about that one.
Oh, you're crazy, man.
For me, man, $1500 is a lot.
$1574.
Plus I had four other tickets.
It would like three or four numbers on it.
It was just a lucky week, that's all.
Never happened again.
Never, ever happened again.
The most of one digit I think was like four.
One digit.
Talk about 13 being an unlucky number.
One stink in digit there.
I got 14 and the other, the other number was 13.
And I kept looking at that thing and looking at that thing.
And of course you can just imagine what was running through my mind.
Can't you?
Somebody said to me yesterday, oh yeah, but you keep working.
When you're new and I said, yeah, yeah, man, get to eat to a nunnery.
Whatever the hell I'm in.
142.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Boy, good night, Tom Rich.
Some of the pictures, he's side, it just been more time.
And you're dead with me.
Like all the others who jumped over it.
Oh, another 20 dollar haul.
How about a red light, lap day?
You did all right for a guy with the brain.
He made a food of cheese.
That looks like mayonnaise when you see.
And we look very neat that you decided to make.
You'll post this eye in your boy.
You'll pack your crayons.
You're done, dear, man, your favorite things.
Which has another problem with you boys and women too soon.
When approval ratings take a little bit, they're a flat.
It's always handy to have a good year.
This is good.
Goodbye, John, ask for a profit.
Now be it and get lost.
You no longer have that burden of being in your opponent's arm.
With names that rhyme with corner hand.
You live with ladder in your hand.
That blends well with the empty.
Now maybe you'll know how it feels today.
Just like a half asleep empty.
Into your high drive where you hide your support.
And will you have a way of being or take your place?
Now that time with his, there is peace.
Now that time with his, there is peace.
Now that time with his, there is peace.
And I hope your industry and kidneys are not required.
We build this statue where you are on a marble slab.
And we can cover the real peace.
Good back hole is power, you're throwing in the talent.
You fulfill your subservience with your tongue, the touch.
That was stuck between a dick and a bush.
Wreck them.
Give your sons a rare approach.
Be sleeping right behind you.
The bushes and the sunny bodies are no better than a tunnel.
On the floor in the back of an adult bookstore.
And you kindly realize with all the happiness,
you're no longer the surprise.
And of the late, they should have him in such a huge alive.
Absolutely.
That's the greatest resident living in your sense of all mankind.
That is to say, at least until these creatures are all in peace.
You've got a Justin Timon.
Oh right.
Don't forget we got Josie for Mad Dog and two.
We got to offer it for, right?
I'm going to do any more changes in the schedule.
Not that we know of.
Just checking.
Now do you have any anomalies because I fast Eric the pole for tomorrow?
Yeah.
I want to make a, I mean, I got toys that are on there.
I really can't think of a place in the US.
Well, are we going for like just general places
that are specific and named?
Oh, no. In other words, not like the toys are rushed on a corner of 135th
in Northwest, you know, and I know not like that.
I guess you want to do that.
Oh, no, that's not a good idea.
Then everybody's going to have people lined up like 600 of the door.
Well, I want to use those beautiful restrooms.
I want to be the first one that's going to pee on the ice in the urinal.
Well, I think so.
So like just hotel.
Or do you like a specific hotel?
Right.
Like the built-more, I said.
You want to know, okay, the built-more hotel is good.
That's fine.
Because I'm giving you these ones that I'm still damned.
Don't forget to the Crazy Pulski and the Barbizon Palace.
You'll kvele from those restrooms.
And the Josh had a choice.
He's working on tomorrow.
I'm looking for him.
He's sitting between Burger King and Kentucky Fried.
Oh.
And Crystal.
He's been to Tampa in Orlando.
It's Crystal.
I'm going to tap it this weekend.
Oh, no. Isn't that cute?
Where's about 30 from?
Oh, gee. I don't have time to play that.
From the Regis and...
What's his name?
P. Diddy.
Regis and P. Diddy puffed.
P. Diddy.
And old dirty.
Want to shame but no, got old dirty to kick around the more.
And oh, now speaking of food.
Yeah, I have to have time for this.
This is very important.
Move your important thing.
Okay.
The pizza hut in Cleveland is shuttered.
It's neon sign collecting dust on the floor.
But knocking down the golden arches is proven far more difficult for Toby Cosgrove.
The new head of the Cleveland Clinic.
Right.
Just like the one we got out there in Western.
Okay.
A hard surgeon who's cleaned out of careers worth a clogged artery.
Cosgrove didn't think big max.
Super size fries.
And wrist stick.
Six cheese pizzas belonging to the lobby of a hospital run on for cardiac.
Carefully to treat fast food joints and to go.
Pizza hut in my quietly.
But McDonald's make death halfway through a 20 year lease is refused to show down to franchise.
That serves 12,000 doctors, nurses, janitors, secretaries, patients, and visitors each week.
Our menu is something where really proud of said Marty Rant and Amy Thomas vice president.
We got a great relationship with Cleveland Clinic.
We're not interested in closing.
We're interested in clogging but not closing.
We're sure this needs a new rocket.
It's going to be a day.
We have got.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm dying out of here.
Miami has the softens there the worst football team.
Absolutely.
A flump of ball from goal to goal.
Like no one's ever seen.
There's there on the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet folders.
There the Miami Dolphins.
Welcome.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
30 June.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them.
You'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches or to tell them to.
But then they end their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in the feet.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
30 June.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They've seen that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 apples sitting in the stands.
They watched the game and all they do is mown and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of hemorrhage.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
30 June.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
Woo!
The dolphins have faith feed work.
That quarter packs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
Or he'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that does it mean that he was certain size in there.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
30 June.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush needing pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points and pock marks on high zingas of leaf face in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
Oh what the hell 32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
You jerk.
