It's Friday, you bastard.
When Bill O'Reilly's diamond sure is, and where in fans,
he'll tell you if you like your job, then you'll give him a laugh dance.
And if you tell O'Reilly, you'll look into the kiss,
into the pant right off you, and for you an extortionist,
all the backers fair and balanced, but not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little to the right,
when Bill O'Reilly's morning sure isn't a no spin-dance,
so when Bill O'Reilly's diamond,
you best not pick up your phone.
Oh my God!
Exactly.
He's part of that moral values crown, and he'd be the loirily?
That's right.
That's him.
Part of that moral values crown, it's a swept America baby from coast to coast,
from pillar to coast.
Well, happy birthday to me.
Happy birthday to you.
Right, 62 today, here's the facts from somebody,
and from Syracuse, near a formerly from Boka,
who was unnamed, but says happy birthday,
with a very fancy, fancy, fancy face, so thank you for that.
Thanks to Berkeley, who came in, actually,
I think you are taking out some business.
Right.
Berkeley came in, it's also her birthday, can you believe that?
That's right.
Happy birthday to you.
So we wish each other happy birthday, happy birthday, Berkeley,
although she's a little bit younger than I am.
You should play the jingle for her.
Should I read it well, I killed a little time.
This how we stuff would take it off really early.
We'll start to get a little, to frost our ass just a little bit, you know?
Because they get your condition in the beginning,
it was like, geez, are they going to go this long?
And then finally, say, well, you know, it's pretty good, actually,
if they're going that long, because now we don't have to do squat.
And then when you least expected, they run out of gas.
Of course, with the price of gas nowadays,
thank you, Mr. President, and all you right wing Nazi bastards
for those low gas prices.
Say that right off the bat before the show officially starts in a half an hour.
Well, we have another half hour to fill today.
By the way, air fart is dead or alive, brain dead or not,
depending on what you want to believe.
Okay, he's on a verge.
He's on the way out.
And he wants to get buried in Israel, and the Israeli said,
no, no, thanks.
We don't want your disgusting, current, cruckled up old,
get-to-body polluting our soil, our sand, whatever the hell we got.
They're wholly stolen sand.
They wholly, uh, thing.
Look for the QA in Bandit A3 to 5 at the Hess station.
I think Rudolph Hess may make a comeback now that bush got it again.
At the Hess station at 1-9-8-8-0,
Northwest 27th Avenue. Where the hell is that?
Well, I sure hope that somebody has some idea where that is.
What kind of an address is that?
3-5 at the Hess station, 1-9-8-80, Northwest 27th Avenue.
Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes, and register for the Miller Light.
Press writer for a day's sweepstakes.
I have no idea what that is.
And also for the 6th attack, new QM will be at the 2nd annual South Florida RV road show
going on at the Bans Pro outlet off I-95 in Griffin Road.
Stop by the wind prizes, it says.
Well.
And these are both written in real teeny, teeny, tiny print.
I mean, so small that you can use the Mount Kalamart telescope to see it.
So I'm sure that between now and a little bit of clock
would just take a bunch of birthday greetings, right?
It's my birthday, my birthday.
Absolutely.
I've bridged it, Bardot.
I'm giving you a little sneak advance on that bridged-beardot.
I can't believe we didn't have like a million hits on there yesterday.
I don't think these guys realize that Carmen Electra was looking as good as she was.
Well, I was a great...
I didn't even look at it because you told me yesterday.
Oh, she does look good.
Boy, that picture was maybe the best one we ever had on her.
Too late now though, it's gone.
You guys, you guys, archive those.
No.
That's exactly why we don't.
That's exactly why we don't want you to get to hop on it every day.
Every day.
Stop what you guys would like to have on it every day.
But most of you, I don't think have a tournament's chance.
But there's bridged-beardot looking pretty swanky if you asked me.
But yesterday, I think that was the all-time best.
Wouldn't you agree?
It was right in the running anyway.
Certainly.
It was a fine picture.
Well, let's take some birthday greetings or some bachelors out there that want to give me a little zetzer.
Whatever it is, we don't care because it's Friday.
And I got some really good stuff for later on, as a matter of fact.
I do.
And what did I tell yesterday?
We had a world exclusive on it here yesterday.
I told you that amendment 4 passed.
Wait until you were here.
And now it's actually in writing in all the newspapers.
This article in the Sun sent, and I almost can't even wait for this,
about the Seminole Indians.
And they put up most of the money against number 4, based on,
I don't want to tip my head because I will read this later.
Based on ads warning that slots at the Permitials would ruin the state's family-friendly tourist reputation.
These are the same people that are running the Hard Rock Casino with their slots,
if they're not full slots, but what they got.
How do you like that?
Would ruin the state's family-friendly tourist reputation,
and then they said, well, we never really saw the TV ads we just paid for.
Oh, come on, man.
Engine, please.
It is just enough to make you want to puke.
I mean, it's a night.
What the hell is that?
Where did that come from?
A day, oh man, he just came flying over the closet.
That will do it.
WQA Am hello.
Heel.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Am I your first fellow of the day?
First model of the day.
My dad!
Now I know it.
I know it was him, Mr. Sikko.
WQA Am hello.
Hey, Fiji, happy birthday.
Nice.
Thanks, Tommy.
Okay.
WQA Am hello.
Happy birthday, Tujou.
Happy birthday, Tujou.
Happy birthday, dear Milly.
Happy birthday, Tujou.
Okay, as I go, Peggy says, happy birthday.
And Joy, I love you.
And here's the birthday cards.
I wish I could make that a little bit better,
because it's got some left to go.
Oh, he's got pants on, I can see that.
Okay.
Nice, Peggy.
Love you.
WQA Am hello.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I just wanted to say,
stand up, wishes of fun.
I can't believe this American people voted in the men again.
Take a look at our website, by the way.
We got two of great things.
Nice job, Eric.
We got the UK Daily Mirror front page from yesterday morning.
In fact, I better click on it right now,
because I want to make sure I get the number right.
Everybody needs to take a look at that.
You'll hear me a little chuckle anyway.
Especially those of you who are depressed.
And those who actually voted for Bush,
it'll make you realize what you are.
It's in kind of Mulrond.
Well, now there's more stuff.
Oh, we realize we have the operating Newman left there.
Oh, great.
So what me worry about?
That's a beautiful thing.
We got a whole bunch of stuff.
And that underneath that one, we got...
He seems to be doing that habitually now, flipping everybody off,
giving the bird a swing,
his dog in one hand,
and he's flipping somebody to bird in the other way.
He does have a lot of...
America.
America.
Well, now we've got the eight-off Bush one underneath that.
The new one.
That's my new wallpaper.
I'm standing in front of the American flag,
and no longer has the stars on it.
They're all replaced by little swastika's.
Seek highly.
And then under that, there's one I was referring to.
There's the front page yesterday,
it's UK Daily Mirror,
and it says,
How can 59,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
87 people be so dumb,
and above the very unsplattering,
Alfred Inumin-like picture of him,
it says,
go, four more years of W.
Go.
And underneath that,
there's the Michael Morthing,
which thanks to the...
You know, that guy wouldn't have tipped us off on a yesterday.
We might still be not noticing that.
It looks like Bush behind Barb Wire,
and that's...
But if you check the Barb Wire,
each square,
there's another face,
assuming...
Assume me that those are the American Yell.
Dead, the soldier.
He said he's...
He said he's gonna have to be slaughtered,
human sacrifice crowd.
So there he goes.
It's really a neat stuff to keep you busy and occupied.
Give me a little chuckle or two of them.
You'll be mad, you'll be, you'll be,
you'll be whatever you'll be.
You know, and there it is.
As we continue...
See, one thing about me,
I'm not...
Letting off, I'm just gonna continue plotting right along.
You know, man, I'm just a hard ass.
I'm gonna keep plotting along.
And if it's not here,
maybe it'll be somewhere else.
Get out of the house, you're gonna show me your Rogers
mornings in the kitchen.
And...
Or some run-up fly,
the price is...
You'll be here.
He on time.
From Potsy, Grishar,
Ashley Simpson.
Comes this year's most highly-awaited concert album.
It's Ashley Simpson,
Barely Lies.
Be sure to all her hits
as performed on stage.
But,
pieces of me.
I'm on day.
I'm waiting.
Tuesday.
I'm playing.
Today.
Today.
Ashley Simpson.
Barely Lies.
It's this concert album
that sounds too good to be true.
You're way on the ship.
You're way on the ship.
You're way on the ship.
You're way on the ship.
This album.
This dude is happening there.
Ashley Simpson.
Barely Lies.
Available.
Wherever fine music is sold.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
You can imagine.
I'm dubbing that yesterday into my DCS
and I'm listening to a finger G.
Is this CD play-rack it up again?
Yeah.
So, it sounded like it didn't it?
It did. I thought it was.
But, one.
Thank you.
It wasn't one.
Oh, what the hell is all this stuff here?
And the too many pages are so-
Okay, too much stuff.
Who's this?
Is that copy?
Yeah.
It's from Gary.
It's copy and some copy.
Gary Sarner?
Right.
How did I know that?
It starts Monday.
This did not exactly put a big bright smile on my face.
This man.
What am I supposed to do with this stuff?
I can't even look at this.
Is this a crazy person or what?
Yes.
Look, it's too much instead of too little.
So, you should be happy.
No, I'm not anything from Gary Sarner.
If you'd had told me who it was from, I'd have said no chance.
I'll come back.
In fact, I could fix this deal right now for him real good.
You have no idea how fast I could take care of that deal.
How's that idea?
David and Miami says happy birthday.
Thank you, David.
You get to be 62.
You're almost a senior citizen.
And in some places, you actually get a discount.
How do you like that?
That's right.
And you start walking, traveling like crooked and cockeyed.
It would appear that Bush is already on his way to create new jobs.
There are thousands of new grief counselors, suicide hotlines of increased airstaffed tenfold.
And the number of people in the world of halibut and is having ten thousand employees
with the expectation of upcoming gravy train.
Well, let them eat dog food.
How do you like that, David?
You will gravy train, which is made from a disease animal parts, by the way.
If you love your dog, don't feed it gravy train, please.
Or, no, I'm not thinking of gravy.
But, sorry, your pardon me, is Alpo.
Not gravy train.
Okay, we love gravy train.
No, not really.
But there's a great, he says happy birthday.
You will fart.
Many happy bush years ahead of you.
And not only they got this one all wrapped up now that they stole again.
I would end the corn to Greg Palais, which I will read that column.
But also they got eight years planned for Jeb.
Forget about that Rudy Giuliani guy.
They got eight years planned for Jeb and then George P.
Another eight years for him.
America is going to be bush country.
Pat McFarlane says, I think that all 55 million of us who did not vote for GWB
should save our pubic here, place them in envelopes and mail them to the White House for the note that says,
this is the only bush I trust Mr. President.
I think our founding fathers who participated in the Boston Tea Party would be proud.
Excellent idea, fact.
You go, girl, or guy, whatever you are.
Pat can be anything, right?
Pat Hayden, right?
Pat McGrroyen?
Who?
Sadiwish Katz.
Oh.
Pat McGrroyen?
No thanks.
Kite Group, and I will do this so one thing because this just came across.
I just got more stuff for later on, you know?
And then this business is starting at 10, 30, 10, 20.
Hey, how are you guys getting paid a lot of money?
You better get with it.
A group link to some of the Lodins out Kite and that were threatened in the US
with reprisals after the alleged reelection of President George W. Bush,
warning of unbearable hell in a website statement.
The coming days will show you that the one you preferred will lead you to an unbearable hell
so the group calling itself the Abu Haas al-Mazri Brigades after the Al-Qaeda military achieved
Kyrgyn, Afghanistan, October 2001, their name.
It was not possible to immediately verify the statement as in group print responsibility
for those train bombings in Madrid last year.
Although the criminal bush has spilt blood of Muslims during the last four years
and despite the Busharies that he committed and continues to perpetuate in Afghanistan
and Palestine and in Iraq, we see that the applause of his people is increasing it today.
This shows the nature of the American people who approved the war against Islam led by criminal America today.
It comes just days after that video tape of Osama Yomama who's still on the loose.
We're going to hunt him down and we're going to smoke him out of his hole.
Well, it's a long hunt, you know?
WDQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Also, they shot us four times and we still arrived.
Thank you for 28 years of helping the gaming industry, helping us getting slot machines.
You know, I spoke to Dick Fienberg a few times and I always mention you, Thielin Neal.
Also, remember the first person that won the scratch off ticket for a million dollars back in 1988?
Yeah.
There was a born again.
I'm there, you'll be article out of the hell.
There was a born again that was founded on the sidewalk outside of his pink shop but he didn't rip it up or give it to the church.
He nailed it in himself and he won the million dollars.
That's so good.
He would vote against the lottery again.
Well, when they start the slot machines, guess who's going to be winning the first million dollars with the 25 cent slot machine?
The father old tour and the archdiocese that's already so long because they'll be right there with the rest of us in here.
And you bet.
And again, if you've always been good to gaming, you've always been good for casinos and slots.
And that's part of the reason why I was two to one in Broward without a doubt.
You get plugged into the way that I got it.
The way that I got it.
The library that when I come down, I want to make sure he shows me that the loose machines are.
Oh, yeah.
Also, the terminals will do fine because the losers are the clues to nowhere.
Now there's class three people will come to the terminals and the tracks.
People going to Borussia.
This isn't bad.
And with him, is it?
Of course.
Oh, my.
But I had a problem.
You said it was always.
It's your birthday.
You realize that you had those craggie-worn hands that I talked to myself.
I understand.
Well, I'm like, say goodbye.
Okay, bye-bye.
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought you knew.
No, I didn't know because it's, I think he was at a sock over it and the two were something.
It's not a mistake.
Well, I was like, for all those little, well, so far in Broward.
Huh?
No one else else like that.
Wow.
Well, thank God for that.
Well, thanks a lot, Stan.
He's there.
He's got to keep fighting and fighting and fighting the good fight.
All we had nothing to do with this.
I put it over.
I'll take the credit for it.
Or at least I helped out.
There you go.
Yeah, I did.
Maybe people are aware of this.
And once they hear this article, which I'm sure most of them have a reddit or had anybody read it to them,
I realized that most of the money that came to oppose this was from the biggest bunch of ponies and hypocrites.
It just, it crossed my ass even to think about it.
That the people who are in the gaming business themselves are running ads saying,
oh, this is going to spoil South Florida's family tourist image.
And in the meantime, then they admit what we just do, are afraid of the competition.
An addition to which they're going to be able to stick in the same dam,
and the kind of slots in their place anyway now.
Talk about shorts sighted.
Man, oh, man, oh, man.
It's enough to make me want to become a...
Just like Mepo.
Remember old Mepo with an engine cheater.
Mepo, the money and you for a show or a hobby to go.
Mepo, I want to be a party.
I don't probably be on the station in pretty soon.
I don't know the rest of us bail out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 10, and then that thing you sent me from the unmancipable one this morning from Miss Muff,
I don't waste your time.
I mean, some people don't get the message.
Those people, the three of those people, the upper and middle level management people,
they don't exist with me yet.
If you want to have a contact with me, go through George, go through Norma, can't anybody else.
I'm not going to subject myself to that.
I'm too old for that crap.
For all these temper tantrums for squar little children.
Yeah, crap.
If you say the norm, if you do, they can norm to the...
Go away.
Okay, grow up already.
Get a life.
Put bang in your spoon on the table like a two-year-old infant.
God.
That Miss Muff, man, that one right there.
Enough to give anybody a nervous breakdown.
You could pee off the Pope.
WQAM, hello?
Or on the Pope.
Here I am.
Yeah, at the birthday.
Thank you.
Yeah, and by the way, the buddy, go!
WQAM, hello.
Who are you?
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday.
Uh-huh, thanks.
I just want to say a few things that I could.
I was talking to a American person, man.
I was talking to a buddy of mine who voted for Bush.
Even though he knows what it's all about because he wasn't going to trust somebody
that was going to ask for us in Germany to protect our country, but we're going to...
Yeah, that's exactly what he said, yeah.
And he said, well, I ran next.
I'm like, well, let me see.
I ran them up twice the size of my rack.
We gave it to Troy Rack.
Right.
So where are we getting the troops from?
In Iran, of course, specializes in terrorism.
That's where they fund and they train most of the terrorist groups.
And Iran's got like a zidians that all kinds of nuclear weapons possibly that they use
in developing, but they already got, we don't really know.
And yeah, plus we got all these extra troops.
Right, right.
I want to hear here's a kicker.
He's all the...
Oh, that's where Israel comes in.
We're going to let the Jews go in and help us.
Yeah, right.
Are you...
Yeah.
Did you stop trying to tell us about terrorism now?
If they get involved in this mess.
Exactly.
Thank you.
But anyway, Neel, from the Cuban Julio, we love you.
Thank you for everything.
Keep up the fight, buddy.
I just came over to this amigo.
Good job.
How are we going to do it?
56670560.
Pound find out.
Everybody calm down a little bit.
OK, you see him a little bit, pet up and no, what's up to your friends here today?
I should calm down a little bit.
They're not a little bit out of sight of threatening that he puts a foot push in here.
Again, we're going to have a blood band.
I mean, that shouldn't get...
Without reading those things, I'm sure to give people a sharp trotic or nervous or a scared thing like that.
In fact, the bush people already did a pretty good job of that.
Get him all scared.
Get him all whipped up into a frenzy.
And then, of course, find the old scapegoat.
It's amazing.
30 years of this, they're still going strong with the old fag scapegoat.
Once the dark folks find out a few, you know, got the right to vote.
They kind of get up on those folks because they can't...
23% of self-hating fags voted for Bush.
That's got to be...
I mean, the 25% of Jews voted for Bush.
That's ugly enough.
But 23% of the latest scapegoats voted for Bush.
See if you play.
All of the friends tell, missplugged, all you other self-hating faggots.
As a matter of fact, maybe they'd like to...
Maybe if you're feeling a little cross, we could hang on one.
Yeah.
Not a straight one, either.
Let's crucify some fags for Bush as well, I say.
And I know exactly the ones that we can start with.
But how are you people kidding?
Same thing I've been telling you.
Jews for Hitler, a black screwdriver David Duke, the same mentality, man.
Fags for Bush.
You people make me sick.
Like the one you were talking about at a certain place, which I won't mention.
Okay.
Did he just talk to you, you were talking about?
Yeah, at Treasure Island.
Goes to scream behind.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, what?
Don't do that.
They're wonderful people.
They're wonderful people.
They're wonderful people.
But don't say it again.
Okay, that's not the point.
Jesus, you just open up the edge.
Just keep your legs shut.
There it is.
And you're ass.
Let's see.
Are you really 62?
Yes, I'm really 62.
You know, look at the over 61 says Lisa.
Ah, ha, ha.
AMC is now playing once about a time.
No, it's not once about.
It's once upon a time in America, but you're close, Lisa.
In your honor, it's a blast to us.
You would watch the movie at the same time.
I don't understand what that means to you.
I'm missing something there, Lisa.
Also, GWV will celebrate your birthday later day
by destroying various urban areas in Iraq.
Excellent.
Go ahead.
Go get them.
So do you think Gossi has got, oh, that's very sad.
Very, very sad.
How would he say that?
Very sick, sick, piece of work.
Or piece of something that I can't say on the ear.
What?
How would he have gotten it?
I forget about it.
Just move on.
Okay, just keep moving on.
Move it on.
Welcome.
God, you are really off your feet today.
You need to take Monday off, mister.
All right, that's a good idea.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Neo?
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Yes.
Do you see a Roger?
I think so.
Oh, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Neo to earth.
How you doing, Neo?
Okay.
I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
Well, thanks a lot.
I've been a fan of yours for this day to day.
Oh, boy.
Hey, Neo.
Three years away from you going to the early bird.
That's a little fortune.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Neo wakes me up in the morning.
Neo wakes me up with a smile.
Yeah, that's enough of that.
Let's go back on to Zeta.
What do you say?
Kick those bastards off of there.
Get a real show on her.
560-560-560.
Get on a real station that somebody can hear.
I'm here.
All kinds of complaints about our signal getting worse all the time.
Do we do anything about?
I asked this with a straight face.
I was supposed to clear it's about it and he was monitoring it all day.
About the streaming on the internet.
And he said, well, there was some dropouts.
Not a lot.
He was going to listen some more today and talk to the powers that be about what can be done.
There was some dropouts.
Yeah, most of them work on this radio station.
There you are.
So what does that mean?
That means he's acting like he cares.
He's on the case is what you're trying to say.
He is a case.
I don't want to hear about him.
No mention his name or the other two.
I'll let you know nothing about them.
Near them, I don't want to smell them.
I don't want to know from them.
The grave robbers.
The life destroyers.
Especially on I birth they.
Okay, that's the real estate they can do is leave me the F alone.
You want to see the real Roger.
I'm going to see the police in jail.
I have a question here.
You can go to the police station.
Okay.
You're a bastard.
Every night on the Tonight Show,
Jay Leno made one of Kevin Hubey's alleged box-mochi.
And now all these reefer references are on one CD.
The best of Jay Leno's marijuana references.
Oh yeah, did you see all that smoke building from Mount Van Helen's?
Oh, man, it looked just like Kevin's dressing room to me.
Oh, come on, dude.
The best of Jay Leno's marijuana references features hit after hit.
Apparently, as a result of slow sales,
Twinkies.
Yes, Twinkies has file for bankruptcy.
I guess that means Kevin's fashion's run out, huh?
Oh, very right, Jay, man.
Very right.
It's a CD you'd have to be high to buy.
Kevin's time for headlines.
Please, no one.
Just actual items from actual papers.
Kevin, I'm not talking about the kind of papers you have to link.
Oh, okay, that's whole, man.
That's whole.
The best of Jay Leno's marijuana references.
All right, copy today.
You know what?
That ain't right.
It's 11.1560 WQM.
Now we can officially begin to show up.
You're just turning in now.
You missed a half hour of crap.
Yeah, nothing.
Chris Stern veiled out about 10.29 this morning again.
They're not early, so I don't know what that's all about.
I guess he's kind of like winding it down.
You know what, he's going to go to serious.
He's winding it down.
Why overdo it, right?
When you run away out.
Here's the video, which of these is most accurate?
Push one of the election because 2789 votes.
We got to hurry because I want to get to first pullover.
We're only going to direct to loon then we'll change.
Because appearance to putting down 134.
Morning and that job, 6172.
Because he was a better choice than carry 317.
11%.
Huh?
Because they stole it 295.
Because the Democrats are inept 277.
Because of Carl Rowe, 206.
Because of 911, 81.
And because he had more money behind him, 17.
Now, the other day is Bridget Bardot.
And that's all you need to know.
It's Bridget Bardot and Jackie Moe and Old Moe.
And here's the first pull that they will get it up there right away
since Eric has done such a great job.
Don't forget to look at the Elijah's dot com and we got a whole bunch of great bush pictures,
including especially the front page of the UK Daily Mirror,
where it says 54 or 59 million, whatever the number is.
How can so many people be so dumb?
And then underneath that is the one that was on the Michael Moore website yesterday.
The big picture of Bush, or with a barbed wire in front of him.
And then you look very closely at the barbed wire.
And you see each square is the face of another dead American soldier
that whose life was sacrificed by the man behind the barbed wire.
Just the kind of great stuff you'd expect from Michael Moore.
Here's the first pull today.
This is our only.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion?
Boy!
Here are the choices.
Ignorance, why did you send this to me?
Why do you keep sending me those?
It's bad nothing you have to see.
I told them we didn't have to.
Oh God!
Anyway, ignorance, it's a big tax-free business.
Televangelists is part of being a redneck or because God loves America.
I think that's why I've pretty good choices myself.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion?
Ignorance, it's big tax-free business.
Televangelists is part of being a redneck or because God loves America.
The Lord is shining down upon us.
Make us free.
First gay Hispanic woman elected as Dallas Sheriff.
One time Margaret Farmer, her loopy valdez.
Oh, I love that name.
Loopay Valdez.
Made history this week when she became the first woman in the first Hispanic-elected Dallas County Sheriff.
Not to mention the first Democrat to win a post in the mid-70s.
She's also openly gay.
Kindly like the bull-dike daughter of the Kalen Shady.
Mary Cheney.
She's gay.
Triple trouble.
Wow.
The gay and lesbian victory fund a political action committee that endorsed Valdez and trained her on answering questions related to her sexual orientation,
killed her as the first ever Latina lesbian sheriff.
I can imagine my mom crying for joy last night as this happened Valdez said yesterday,
a day after defeating Republican Danny Chandler.
And Valdez's vision, her deceased mother looked down from heaven and watched her girl go from picking beans in a field, see beater.
To leading a 19 of employee law enforcement agency with a $90 million budget.
The road of the sheriff's office started years ago and Valdez's mother encouraged her to better herself through education.
After working two or three jobs at a time to pay for college, Valdez became a federal agent.
She worked undercover on drug-organized crime and fraud cases for U.S. Customs.
Now she'll take over and departmental by scandal.
Questionable business dealings by 21-year income and sheriff Jim Bowles resulted in a grand jury investigation and an indictment that eventually was thrown out.
Chandler, a 29-year sheriff department veteran, ousted Bowles made Republican primary.
Chandler 53 attacked his former boss during the campaign, hoping to distance himself from Bowles, but that strategy failed.
The election campaign was generally cordial until the end when Chandler made an issue of Valdez's endorsement by the gay and lesbian victory fund race of Washington.
Chandler issued a statement Wednesday expressing his confidence in Valdez's ability to restore trust to the office saying,
she'll have the privilege of leading the finest crime fighters in the country.
Margot Frazier read the 1350 employee Travis County Sheriff Department in Austin expressed her delight with Valdez election but said a woman serving a sheriff faces hurdles.
The reality of it is when you make mistakes that anybody else makes, they decide that you made a mistake because you're a woman Frazier said.
But once the girl, boys and Dallas County realized Valdez is competent Frazier said, she'll earn their respect and her gender race and sexual orientation won't be a result of the same.
The woman doesn't want to be a woman, she'll earn her respect and her gender race and sexual orientation won't be a result of the same.
The woman is a woman who doesn't want to be a woman, she'll earn her respect and her gender race and sexual orientation won't be a result of the same.
The woman is a woman who doesn't want to be a woman, she'll earn her respect and her gender race and sexual orientation won't be a result of the same.
I love that thing.
I should tell you all those things today since we're so religiously.
I'm a bit right about them.
And then the Lord said, let there be light and low.
They are worlds who like from the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set, brilliantly updated for the 80s.
There's the wrapping Bible.
There was God and we were in the man's seat.
Right in the blink of an eye he said, I'm done good, there's no God.
On the seventh day he just showed up to the 6th.
Gellestress beginning of death, beginning of death.
I remember good Lord, he was a bad man.
And his word is not good.
Check it out, this is channel called Starrim.
And the Lord, everybody's like no tomorrow.
God looked at us and now my Lord.
Don't look back or you turn to star.
White took a piece, started the tree.
The cow came up and lit the tree.
Take a litre yaw, a litre yaw.
That's what we imagine all the stars, all the parables, every sacred, biblical word, interpreted by the finest like an insidious of all times.
Gellestress, exodus, do you know that?
So rapping by both, making his words rest again.
Happy birthday to me, it's love also and I did that for the crowd that's just coming into the 11 o'clock to be a self-service.
Right, happy birthday to me, and Berkeley.
And Berkeley too, happy birthday Berkeley, she's a sweetheart, she hasn't even got me a card.
Anybody else there get me a card?
No, it's okay.
You could just make it up in the lie and say, oh you got a whole stack of mistak up there.
No.
You got a whole stack of mistak up there?
No.
It's okay, feeling as mutual.
I said, you need a card.
Now I'm not talking about you.
49 votes.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion?
41 say, no, no, no, no, no, no, ignorance.
Good choice.
It's a big tax-free business, five, because God loves America too.
It's part of being a redneck one and telephangelist none.
They don't have that much influence, okay?
They're busy getting the lead.
Now, I want you to listen very carefully so you understand all these values.
People, moral values, all of a sudden BS.
Liars, liars, devious, dangerous, selfish, nasty, miserable mothers.
It says in the Sunsendel, after losing three efforts to expand gambling in the past quarter century,
support us of a state constitution.
You hear that in the back?
Fronto, fronto.
Fronto, fronto, tonto, must be the Indians calling.
They heard me say, fronto, tonto.
It'll all us, okay, go see the little lone ranger.
After losing three efforts to expand gambling in the past quarter century,
supporters of a state constitutional amendment that could put slot machines at seven South Florida race tracks
and frontons penned victory yesterday, void by the result of absentee and provisional ballots
and the repair of a glitch in Howard County's counting machinery,
amended for pass by more than 93,000 vote margin.
This is a great day because education was a big winner today.
$500 million to help our schools and help our kids.
And former state education commissioner Jim Horne,
chief spokesman for the proponents.
The amendment allows Brown and Dave counties to hold separate referendum on adding slot machines.
By the way, where's that referendum?
Is it's referendum?
On adding slot machines alongside betting windows that seven per mutual venues, including Gulf Stream Park and Hellendale Beach
and called a race course in Mimey Gardens, it says.
Is that Mimey Gardens?
I thought that was a Carroll City.
I'm not a Carroll City.
What is that?
I don't know.
Not Carroll City.
What is that?
What is that?
What is it?
I don't know.
Love and City?
Anyways, it's included.
No, let me introduce you to Mimey.
Gulf Stream Park and Hellendale, how come I didn't mention the other ones like Pompoot Park
and being a high line, Mimey High Line?
And who might leave it out?
Hollywood dog track?
Right?
It's Flagler.
How come we're going to close out?
You idiot, it's a Sun Central.
Anyways, supporters which include the Florida School Board Association and the state teachers
and the United Promise Taxes on the Slot Revenues could raise 500 million to first year
to supplement education statewide as much as 2.5 billion over five years.
And the final counsel to passing it, a guy to one give the numbers.
Again, by more than 93,000 votes, citing obvious local support, Howard Coutty Mayor Eileen
Lieberman.
No relation to Julie Lieberman, said she would like to mention to go before the voters as
soon as the municipal election in March and wants the county commission to debate the
issue at its December 14 meeting.
Let's have what's here to debate.
Just get it on there, okay?
And don't be silly, darling, all right?
Now, here's the part I want you to get right on the edge of your seat.
I want you to crank up the radio.
I should roll down the windows in your car.
I want you to listen very carefully to these next couple of hair graphs, okay?
Okay.
The statewide victory came in spite of a $5.6 million no-one for anti-gambling campaign financed
by the seminal tribe and the tubeless leading up to Tuesday's election.
How do you like that?
The ads warned that slots at top voters' permissials would ruin the state's family-friendly
tourist reputation.
We felt we had to protect the assets of the seminal tribe, which we've been doing since
the days before Columbus and Max Aceola, seminal tribe councilman from Hollywood, who admitted
he never saw the TV ads financed by the tribe, which owns the seminal hard rock hotel in
Casino.
Everyone has the right to voice an opinion he says.
How do you like that?
I then also as a opponent, including the Humane Society of the United States and great
two KUSA, Yadi Yadi, they may consider legal challenge a fact chance.
Now, where's the other quote?
Did I Schmidt can't hear the other story where he says the Indian people about how I can't
find them?
I must have been in the a herald story about how well now I guess that they got them in
an era.
We can do it too.
Duh.
Duh.
Yeah.
Duh.
Now I should have kept the other story.
Should have looked like mixed in mass.
Or did they write that so what they're saying now?
Oh, I guess what we can put them in there too.
They finally woke him and said after they behind the scenes, tried to keep it quiet, who
that hell was putting up the money behind it.
In other words, it's okay for the seminals to take your money and slide at phony baloney
slot machines.
But they just wanted to avoid the competition.
That's all.
They actually said that.
We just were afraid to competition.
Right.
So they put these ads on to scare the public.
Oh, it's going to bring in violent crime.
And it's going to bring in the mafia.
And it's going to bring in drugs and prostitution.
And the world is going to come to an end as we knew it.
And yadi yadi yadi.
It's going to be a piece of it.
Yeah.
Who the hell are you people, kiddin' okay?
Man, oh man, a chevets.
And of course they got nothing loose because out of their past, they're going to wind up
getting the same thing anyway.
They're places.
So what's the problem?
Everybody's going to get their own piece of the pie.
They don't have to be paranoid.
And by the way, quit so long all of them then cigarettes with the bugs in them.
1113 at five.
I see that's the way they're getting back at the white man.
Now I saw all them cigarettes, them tainted cigarettes.
All them little bugs crawl out of them.
1113 at five, 60 WQA.
And it's that time of the year again.
The snowbirds and relatives come down from the north for the winter.
Well, this winter, why not give them something special?
A great night's sleep on a new mattress and dial a mattress.
Where they carry the complete line of bedding from Seely.
Surder, Simmons, King Quill, Temple Peter, can even stirons and foster a hewitt.
Call 1-800-Matrus Right.
Now and save up to an additional 20% off their super low factory direct prices on select models.
Call 1-800-Matrus Right.
Now and choose the day in town delivery.
Within any tour window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up any day,
seven days a week from 8 in the morning, till 10 at night.
Everybody with a brain is calling dial a mattress because they know it sure beats
slept in a round wasting time, gas, and money.
At those bedding departments, doors where you help them pay for their big overhead.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal is easy to see.
My dial a mattress is absolutely unbeatable and ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
The dial a mattress even received a prestigious Better Business Bureau is torch of excellent
reward.
So give them a call day.
You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight and for years at a coolant's age to come.
Check them on your web if you'd like at mattress.com.
But even the sooner than that, call 1-800-Matrus.
Pick up that thing and dial 1-800-MATTRES.
You know what it seems, in media, Roger?
See you in the next video.
I'll see you in the next video.
See you in the next video.
I'll see you in the next video.
Eric, by the way, I left off Southern Baptist on air, I wrote it in afterward.
I guess maybe Josh could probably tap it on afterwards.
Eric don't have it.
He's got it.
I'm sure he's on top of it right now.
And that's assuming that we're streaming on the Internet.
And we don't hear it.
We are today, apparently.
Are we really?
We're streaming it?
Yes, we are.
Well, great, open wide.
138 votes.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion?
Ignorance 103.
It's a big tax fee business 14 because God loves America 11.
It's part of being a redneck, 6th, televangelist 4.
Now there's probably something else I should have put on.
There will be a little more benevolent like...
I can't imagine what that would that be.
Huh?
Like what?
Like maybe brainwashing?
I don't know.
Can get it.
Does the brain wash?
That works.
Is that okay?
Sure.
Because their brainwash ended on it real quick.
We still got 41 minutes.
Because their brainwash.
Like that.
And you people that are brainwashing your kids with all these fairy tales.
And make a run around with those beanies on your heads.
And go on to stick them rosary beads and keep rubbing them beads, etc.
You people ought to be in prison somewhere, okay?
You cultists, you Satanists, you devil worshipers, you lunatics, you flatterers people, man.
My patients for religiousness, you know, as limited as it was before Tuesday.
Now, forget about it.
From a personal standpoint, I declare all out war against the God's guile.
So they do like the omniscience, shun them.
The omnis voted for Bush.
I don't believe that.
That was a lot of fun.
I would hear what you believe it or not.
They actually came out because of the fact that they were married.
So whipped up into a frenzy.
It's a good thing.
By the way, you bagged it out here.
You know, Massachusetts, see that's fine.
Massachusetts carry all that liberal stuff.
That's okay.
Keep it there for a while.
But the fact that they try to spread it out.
Oh, yeah.
America is not ready for it.
So you're trying to imitate like Canada and Holland and Scandinavia.
You're not ready for that.
Maybe another couple of hundred years, okay?
And so what you did was you gave them a perfect issue to mobilize these farbushing agglomite.
These right-wing lunatics.
Plus, I see 25% of the Jews voted for Bush, which is enough to make me gay.
It may not make me spit up my kischee.
Or just tear out my kischee's.
God, almighty, I may even pass on a home entouchmentness, come and form in the winter of
it, hello, is this spring, just out of pissed off in this?
This is a protest against them, Jews for Bush.
Well, he sounded for Israel.
Love castle hoist you, Israelis.
Okay, enough with that crap.
Who cares?
We very happy with what we did over there.
And all that slaughter has been going on for 5,000 years.
You crazy back to do.
Kill all the little kids and blowin' up your own kids.
All that stuff going on.
The whole rest of the world's got a pee in there, pants, because the Arabs and the Jews hate each other,
which is nothing new.
And then, of course, 20% like I said before, the fags voted for Bush, which is just...
I guess you just can't wait to have a burning desire to be burned.
Yeah. Well, they've flamed it already.
Yeah, those flamers out there.
Flee-me!
The Alice Rantel and Miss Fudge's in the Andrew Sullivan's of the World Orgas,
Andrew Sullivan at Queen voted for Akiri supposedly.
That's self-having fang.
Another self-hate.
I think that the ant coders do in the lower angroom.
I really believe it.
Here's a fact from the beast.
Thanks a lot, beast.
Oh, he says just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday.
Did they have a new England pick?
His fan club up there in Toronto.
Or so, my mom way.
Here's my simple slogan.
F-W.
Go Pats, happy birthday to the beast.
A little bit of a way I take this play this weekend.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Did the Pats, man?
I know, but I don't follow the schedule.
I mean, I know the...
Now, what about the dolphin game?
Is it being televised local or not?
I can't imagine it.
What would you mean by that?
What was it supposed to be that dolphin's name?
I also see Moa Howard Davidid did the...
He did some other game on Sunday because the dolphin game
was a Monday night game that embarrassment.
So, he did some other game on the network.
Yeah, I heard that.
On Sunday.
He does a good job.
He's gonna play...
I mean, he's a little confused at times,
but he still has a good play by play.
The old Moa...
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Sorry.
I mean, he's no regret gumball.
What's they stuffed him back in a broom closet, where he belonged?
Anyway, I don't know who the Patriots played.
Thanks, beast.
Here's one from Simone, who says,
a Freilken Giborshdog.
Is that Dutch?
I would imagine.
A Bordeshog, that's gotta be Dutch.
Anyway, thanks you for over...
Thanks to you for over 20 years of ammunition.
Thanks a lot.
Love ya.
They played a ram.
Huh?
They played the ram.
Oh, the ram.
Well, I could be pretty interesting.
The ram's are kind of like in and out.
And it...
Not little play the ram's there.
I already beat the ram's.
They're not gonna play the ram's twice.
Who told you that?
They're definitely playing the ram's.
They're playing it...
The ram's?
Yeah.
I would have sworn that we are...
Oh, now I'm thinking of what we'd be to the end of.
Right?
Right.
Beats a Seahawks.
And that big fat tub of crap.
You'll cheesehead.
Let's see, here's another one.
And that fact you sent me from that Rick guy, you know.
See, I'm thanksgiving day.
George and I have you footage of we worked out the schedule.
And being the nice guy that I am,
I'm gonna let George, because he's a family guy,
I have off Thanksgiving day and the day following.
Are they following, too, did we say?
Yes.
Oh, wow.
Some work on those.
They want Thanksgiving day.
So they'll only have to bring in one person
because who they'll want to work on Thanksgiving.
I'll just play this bit.
So maybe on that day I'll play you on the O' or not.
If you keep bugging me, Rick, I probably won't play,
because you get on my nerves.
Here's a long fact that says,
sorry for the long-faxes of a barrier, my only outlets event.
It's Howard Beale said, we're in a lot of trouble.
That's what Howard Beale said.
I think that was right after we got through saying...
I'm in bad health.
I don't think I can take this anymore.
But, I'm not gonna make my career self-crazy
for the next 14 or 56 days in County.
I'm off newspaper, CNN, MSNBC, and then there's a news outlet.
I may become uninformed, but I'll retain my sanity.
Yesterday, the federal government announced it would raise the deficit
even if nobody cares.
That's right.
Nobody cares.
Well, that's because we got this $5.2 trillion deficit
we're gonna have from bushes social security scam.
So that all those friends in big business can get that money
into their stocks.
Oh, yeah.
Cypher on your savings at the stock market.
And then when you're ready to retire,
you're gonna have how many cents left?
About 30, man.
About 30 cents.
Yeah, I've put in about 200 grand.
You have about 30 cents to retire on.
My only comfort comes from the knowledge
that at some point in the next two years there'll be a scandal
that'll make Watergate and Monica look as meaningless as the NHLockout.
I think we already had one.
It's called a war based on lies.
In which thousands of innocent people have died and are continuing to die.
I think that might be a little more important than Monica and the Blue Dress.
The only problem it says is that right when you can spend anything out of the news,
if Watergate happened, now Carl Rove was spinning to blame Clinton.
If they can't stay chaining the White House based on raping little boys
or GW accepting bags of cash from Halliburton or the Saudi world family,
it won't matter.
They'll spin it and strengthen their nose-picking trailer,
trash, gun love, and evangelical Christian base,
and there's nothing we can do about it.
Can I sue the federal government for the else where I'm giving myself?
Well, I'm late for my therapy.
I have to try to live my life in the north of the night, Mary Adiadiyah.
I'm in the red.
Okay.
Just to tear up a little bit, okay?
See how many votes we got on that poll now?
Because this is a cookie.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion?
And keep in mind that the rest of the free world is not obsessed with religion.
There is not any.
You say, well, the Pope is in Italy.
The Italians give him the old buff on ghoulinidly.
What is it?
Three percent or is it seven percent?
I think it's three percent.
Other people in Italy go to church on his every single time they put a thing on a ballot
for the Italian people they vote against the Pope.
Because they know what a phony below you, a bunch of crap that all is.
Although you would like to see all that porn over there,
that got hidden away from the Vatican.
That's the 153 you say that you're so obsessed with religion because of ignorance,
ignorance, stupid, stupid people, idiotic jerks.
Because God loves America 20.
It's a big tax-free business 17 because they're brainwashed 11.
It's part of being a redneck 8.
And telepangelist only 6.
I guess they don't have a big impact.
Maybe business is a little bit slow now.
The face you're standing for more values.
And don't forget your president told he promised to pay Robertson.
Don't worry about the Iraq attack.
There won't be no casualties.
None.
Not one.
Zero.
There are going to be no casualties.
So man of God.
So man of a cloth.
This is not a man who would lie.
A man who would spread BS.
Phil says, wishing you a happy birthday.
May this year bring you good health and joy in your life.
Well, thank you, Phil.
And maybe when the lottery is won, that would be good too for 15 minutes.
17 minutes, sir.
1127 at 560 WQIN.
Do you have guests coming for the holidays?
Are you wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home while now it's
the time to get rid of that carpet and replace it with laminated or hardwood flooring from
laminated designs?
Visit laminated design showroom at 8280 State Road 84 in Baby and choose from over 300 samples
on display.
Laminated designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in about a week.
Call 1-877-8 Laminated to set up a free no obligation in home estimate.
If you call today inside of an employment for your free estimate, tell me you hurt monthly
WQIN discount for an additional 10% off their already low installation price.
Laminated designs is located in Baby, just off I-595 between Pine Island Road and University
Drive and the showrooms open Monday through Saturday, 9 in the morning till 430 in the afternoon
and every Sunday from 10 in the morning till 2.
Look for laminated designs added in today's Sunset and Lifestyle section.
Call 1-877-8 Laminated.
L-A-M-I-N-A-T-E-1-877-8 Laminated for laminated designs.
The foreign company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first
The company where service comes first.
The company where service comes first.
So all these kinds of questions are read.
So the best of works.
On material terms this chart says that.
In sum, the best of works.
On material terms this chart says that.
In sum, the best of work.
Haughty Gr didn't volunteer even though listening to the lines was good.
The best of work.
They're already got the agenda going to talk about the Supreme Court
And there was Papu Canaan to his best eight-off Hitler imitation again fill in for Chris Matthews and Harball last night
Rambling on about how America was repulsed by the specter of gay marriage and as a result of motorbike motivated all these
Good-born again Christians to come up they were repulsed
I thought he was gonna like reprise his 92 convention speech that helped couldn't be bush
See if you face one staying your place
Yeah, that's right. Papu Canaan, you're so fond of by the way
But when push comes to show the true Nazi comes out. Oh, okay relatively speaking
Yeah, yeah, well forget about his vote. It's like a baby you can is it Bay or Gay?
Yeah, he's probably another one. Okay, come to Q&A. Hello
Neil yes sir happy birthday chief. Thanks
Learning the amendment to gambling one. I'm just glad that we are lucky to kept it a tail end if they come from behind
And I cute her
WQ and Harve
Hey, Neil happy birthday. Thank you. That was a lame attempt at humor that kind three lame. Yes sir
Hey, my most recent job was working as a slot machine player down here a professional slot machine player
You're you're aware of those guys? No, I never heard such a thing. Oh, there's about 16s
And what we do is we wait until the machines get up to a certain number and then we sit down and we take up the whole bank
And well, I mean up to a certain number. What does that mean?
$10,000 fly when it gets up to about a hundred and ten a hundred and twenty thousand dollars
You will see the bank suddenly fill up at the same time
You'll see people standing all around the casino and when someone gives a nod you will see a move on a bank
Where everybody sits down and starts plunging the brains out until it goes off I've worked on a machine over 24 hours
And it's going on it because Sukey is going on at the Hollywood
It's going on and cooking and creak and all the common people fill up these machines
Then these six professional teams come in and they just take the cream right off the pop
How how can you do that? I mean how can just decide you're gonna sit down and take a ball of machines
I mean to everybody just vacates when you blow the whistle or something like like flamingos at high a Leah
No, you stand behind the regular person, but everybody starts plunging you walk in there with literally
20,000 in cash in your pockets and you start playing four boards at $10 a piece and you never take your finger off
A normal person can't keep up with that and eventually they fade out
Mm-hmm and instead of 50 to one if there's 50 machines you got 16
Matias are only six to one see those are real slot machines. I don't even have any idea what you're talking about
That's that's what I've been going thing that's a whole different side. I don't even understand what that is
It's the regular six pick six progressive slots that's two fifty five dollar and ten dollar machines and all the casinos here
Yeah, and the regular people should just watch they'll see these hawks standing around and come take the cream right off the top
I made $750,000 for my company last year. I got me 13,000. I'll be there
Okay, thanks a lot. I have no idea what he was talking about you. No, I thought I knew a little something about slots
I've plenty of my guts out course slots are only for flags like the guy Niagara Falls at one point seven million lines
Weekend and with it
Old women
See this is another thing. It's like fact. You know, it's like a bag. It's you talk a lot about stuff
You know nothing about but that's okay. It's fine five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
Of course I got like you with your big bucks. You know, you'll be the first one over there
But it goes through and just plunging your guts out around. Yeah, I'm worried about you and Josh
You'll feel over there plunge in like crazy. I can't wait. Yeah
Oh, yeah, you're a big game. We went to Vegas there back whenever the hell I was and how much did you how much did you bet?
I was about three feet. You were up around 350 on one. But you weren't playing slots. No, I just played black
Joke see Jack wouldn't play slots because that's only for fags and old ladies. Okay. He was playing blackjack
That's a real man. That's right. Yeah, manly Sunday name black Jack. Yeah. Oh, yeah, I knew him
Met him in the alley once
Good. Why don't you know? At five fifty Q. I. M.
You are listening to Neil Roger
Hey
Stants your palmin are
More
Kind but
How much is
You're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so
sad, you're so sorry, you're so sad, you're so sad, I'm so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, you're so sad, he's so sad, he's sad, he's so sad, he's so sad, he's simple, he's trust him, he's just sick, he's cold, he's so fearless, he's so sad, he's just sick, he's so sad, he's, he's so sad, he's so sad, he's so sad, he's so sad, he's so rabsy, he's so tiring, he's so much joy, he's so tensed, he's so respectable, he's loved that, he's so sweet, he's so slow, he's so rough and 2019, he's
I'm all the time on by the way my good friend Ian Promo, which I did not go to the track last night. Thank God. I'm so sorry about your two horses. One of which is the Philly Puth and the Administration finish fourth. The other one broke the track last night.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
thought he good. I like. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Goodbye. Farewell. Let me see. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. But if I'm confidence in myself, I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the boss. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. I'm the model guy. He grew up to me and headed to the sucker and a voicebar status and he just incidentally pointed out. He grew up oily and g heard died make up again. He grew up to me and headed into the sucker and on my apartment. He grew up to you and affectionate me and headed
You see the Muslims in there rocking in there on their carpets, they're praying on the carpet,
and they're kissing the floor in the carpet.
And he makes fun of that.
What's the difference?
Everybody's got their own rituals, their own head gear, their own ornaments, their own
beads and chaskeys, as the Chinese say.
And speaking of that, let me ask you this question.
Who do you think does the blows of better kisses?
Yes, or Amafar or Sammy Sosa?
Sammy blows a fire?
We ought to take a poll on that, you know what?
I mean, if we have to see Yesor Amafar blowing him kisses, come on, how many more are you
going to do Yesor?
I think we're going to be doing too any more pretty soon.
God, that is just nauseating, you know, with his quivering blood blowing in the car.
Yesor, I rock at blows.
And so does Sammy Sosa when he came right down, because he used to play for George Bush.
He had 127 votes, ignorance 196, because the brainwashed 62, because God loves America,
29, one nation under God, under God, indivisible.
It's a big tax-free business 23.
It's part of being a redneck 10 and televangelist 7.
Let's take a few calls, what do you say?
Because we don't want to get everybody upset like myths that we think it in.
WQA and hello.
I'm coming.
Yesor?
Oh, happy birthday to you.
Thank you, Sammy.
Go.
Okay, let me appeal to you, good senses.
You know, all you do to give is like Mike Gays.
You know, I'm in non-cuban Hollywood, at least in a red state.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I'm gay.
I'm gay.
I'm over here.
I'm like, I'm a big boy.
What am I going to do?
I'm going to call him.
I said, yeah.
I'm about to roll.
I just want to say it myself.
Thank you for the good advice, huh?
No.
Thank you.
Good luck to you, Palli.
Keep your reaction up.
I said, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He said he played a main symbol of what he said, okay.
So leave him alone.
He's in my economy.
He's proud of it.
Good for you, Palli.
Bottoms up.
WQA and hello.
Deal.
Yesor.
The reason about the poll question, because we want RGH to be better than their G-Hot.
Oh, that must be it.
That's it.
All right.
Well, in fact, that's a good bit for both of Ryan.
My G-Hot is better than your G-Hot.
That's even better than my religion.
Right?
I can hear it right now.
But some of those things are there, too.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yesor.
Happy birthday, sir.
Motion Scrossius.
It's a deal.
I really can't believe it.
I never voted.
I voted for the first time this year.
But the fact that people are so again gay marriage and all this, that they will give up their
freedoms and allow people to die again.
But I've gone to court for a big big deal.
They got to it.
Yeah, they got to it, man.
They just, they just sat your phone.
You hear that?
No.
Yeah, that was the end of him.
Sorry, Palli.
They just sat your phone, man.
Yeah, that one came marriage.
I mean, that certainly affects a lot of people.
I mean, that really is something that's very, very, uh...
No.
People are involved in it.
Only, only they are going, man.
Only they hate laundries.
And of course, some of those orthodoxos, even Phineas Webberman and against it, I'm sure,
at this point, who all of a sudden saw the light.
But, uh...
It's just a religious extremist, man.
Hate.
I will guarantee you right now.
I would bet to her just life on it.
That if they put up civil rights on the ballot in the South, and maybe even some of the states
like some of these red states, but just let's say the South, it wouldn't have a chance
to pass it.
Of course not.
If you just said, uh...
Should blacks have the right to vote?
Yes or no?
No.
And no chance!
No chance!
And if you put on a ballot, it should women have a right to vote.
I guarantee you, um...that would be touching go in a lot of those states.
Because that's America for you, man.
Bigger...
There's nothing has changed in a hundred and a some odd years, hundred and forty years since the Civil War.
Very little has changed.
They made some laws, you know, they passed some laws.
But you can't legislate attitudes.
You can't legislate the decency.
You can't legislate the compassion.
You can't legislate fairness.
You make all laws in the world, but when people are brazed with bigotry and hate,
I grew up.
I told you this story a million times across the street from a Catholic school in Rochester, New York,
and the kids used to...
A couple of times beat me up because I killed Jesus.
I said, I didn't even know the damn bastard, okay?
What did you beat on me for?
So what did you kill?
You killed Jesus!
You killed bastard?
That's what they teach the best, man.
That's what you people, your religious Nazis, hate, hate, hate.
So the gays since the need of rank last the...
How many years now?
About 30, man!
About 30 years.
We've been escaped votes.
Medicines.
Because the blacks, it's not so fast.
And believe it though, they're a harbored tremendous hatred toward you, dark folks.
But, you know, you're just not supposed to say that in public anymore.
But being homophobic, that's a very popular thing.
You can do that.
Although I will say, like I said before, America wasn't ready for this.
To make an issue was unacceptable.
That's why I got on a ballot in those 11 states.
Under the guise of...
See, the defensive marriage act concluded that possibility anyway.
It was red herring.
It didn't need to be on the ballot.
You don't need to pass any laws.
But under the guise of, well, Massachusetts is doing it.
You see what those damn Canadians are doing up there.
And them damn Dutch and Scandinavians.
That next thing, you know, will be forth.
Is it, of course, somehow it affects your life, which it does not?
In any way, shape or form.
And like I said, that American go and pass pro-outlet.
I'll find any five million more stuff.
I'd go and win some over prizes too.
Or prizes.
Somebody QA and hello.
How you doing?
Yeah, I've heard that.
Thank you.
All right, as far as that map with my counties, I was looking at it too.
And if you notice, most of the blue counties, that's where all the AIDS and crime and Jays are at.
So...
Yeah, right, yeah, right.
AIDS and crime and Jays.
Marco's hand in hand.
Right.
Yeah, like Dave Rowan and Palm Beach, right?
Somebody QA and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is there a Mayor Roger?
Speaking.
Wow.
Hey, how are you, buddy?
Thanks, County.
So, man, the world has gone through hell.
A bigger print?
The world has gone through hell.
It's like the world we're going to have in it.
Yeah.
And that world, Jake and America.
Okay, that was it, I guess, huh?
That was so...
It was so overwhelming and so amazed that it was in touch with the great one.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
I'm not the great one anymore.
It used to be.
We have a new great one.
You're a good friend.
Okay, let's take one final look and then we'll wrap this thing up.
Because next time we'll just do that religion poll we do once more.
Just to see if we got any hope out there in this crowd.
I'm pushing for Dave when 100% of the audience is either atheist or agnostic.
Oh, you're going to chase all of those believers away.
Good.
Goodbye, bye.
Well, Packet Salami sandwich, okay?
Including Orthodox Jews that make your kid and run him stupid little beanies, okay?
You make me want to gag.
And if you're so...
Now, standing in, are you old Cubans that are so obsessed with Cuba?
And are you old Jews that are so obsessed with Israel?
See ya.
See ya.
No problem.
Get them your old row boats, okay?
They'll work further trip over to the Middle East, but I'm sure that God will help you along.
No problem.
Did I just do something wrong here?
Probably.
Well, no, I'm looking at my...
I'm just second because I'm like getting so far ahead of myself.
Based on my extrapolation here, it's almost like 145.
The house, your young meteorologist, mornings and meetings, and...
...the horse of Rome, a frog, and a pyrecycne.
We...
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers in holiday mass?
Open wide, and prepare to receive thy savior.
God, Jesus, bother old Mali wafers again!
Now, baby, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, through the divine miracle of trans-Samsiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Well, why does the body of Christ have to be so yucky?
Spice of your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings,
plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fork.
And Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm, kind of some more Christ's father?
That's Christ Aroni, baby.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the trans-Samsiation tree.
That's almost enough for me.
We want to play Auditini Negro.
You know, back when Phil was like a real person in those days, I'm going to just play that today.
Kill some good time.
Alright, kill five people.
12, I want at 560 Wafers, here's the final tally on a pull from what I printed this out anyway.
And we can get the brand new one up there right now, Eric.
Let's hop on it.
Okay, and then you can go take a nap and have a couple of lunches.
Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion, with fairy tales, with bubble mice,
with nonsense, with foolishness?
All this insanity, all this big of three in a hat.
If there's one thing I hate, it's hate.
Ignorance to 15 because they're brainwashed, 86.
Ignorance and brainwashed, like that.
Like that little girl they had on that CNN piece of Kepsang.
Oh, if you don't believe in Jesus, you've got a burning hell.
Because God loves America.
God third man.
30 vote on that.
It's an 8% say because God loves America.
That's why he made the whole world.
So it could hate everybody else, but he loves America.
All the people who he hates him.
For fodder.
Of course God is perfect so it couldn't possibly hate or be selfish, like it says there in the 10 commandments.
If he's perfect, how can he be selfish?
Don't confuse him with the facts now, you hate him bastard.
Nobody's a selfish God.
You can't have any other gods.
Now I can't be selfish because he's perfect.
Well, don't ask.
It's a big task for you business 25.
It's part of being a redneck, 11.
And telephangelist, 7.
Praise the Lord.
Send us your money, okay?
And there's that full free number to bottom of your screen for Jan and Paul's crotch.
Greg Pallaz and the pelista to show you who he is.
He's a great columnist.
He writes, carry one here are the facts.
Bear with me, okay?
Okay.
I know you don't want to hear it.
You can't face one more hung shed, but I don't have a choice.
As a journalist examining that messy sausage called American democracy,
it's my job to tell you who got the most votes in the deciding states today in Ohio and in Mexico.
It was John Kerry.
Most voters in Ohio thought they were voting for Kerry.
CNN's exit poll show carried beating Bush among Ohio women 53 to 47%.
Kerry also defeated Bush among Ohio's male voters 51 to 49%.
Unless the third gender voted in Ohio, Kerry took the state.
So what's going on here?
Answer the exit polls are accurate.
Pollsters ask, who did you vote for?
Unfortunately, they don't ask the crucial question.
Was your vote counted?
The voters don't know.
Here's why.
Although the exit poll show that most voters in Ohio punched cards for Kerry Edwards,
thousands of these votes were simply not recorded.
This was predictable and it was predicted.
Once again at the heart of the Ohio Uncommon Vote Game,
or I'm sorry to report, hanging chads and pregnant chads,
plus some other ballot, Trish Old and New.
The election in Ohio was not decided by the voters by something,
but by something called spoilage.
Typically in the US, about 3% of the vote is voided,
just thrown away and not recorded.
When the bobblehead boob's in the tube tell you
Ohio or any other state was 1, 51 to 49%, don't you believe it?
It's never happened in the US because the total never reaches an 8-100%.
The television total simply subtracted the subtracted out the spoiled vote.
Whose votes are discarded?
Well, not all votes spoiled equally.
Most of those votes say every official report come from African-American
and minority precincts.
We saw this in Florida in 2000.
Exit poll showed Gourmet A. Plurali released 50,000,
but it didn't match the official count.
And that's because the official Secretary of State Catherine Harris
escorted 180,000 spoiled votes.
In Florida, as in Ohio, most of these votes lost were cast on punch cards
where the whole wasn't punched through completely,
leaving a hanging shed or was punched extra times.
Whose cards were discarded?
Expert statisticians investigating spoiledage for the government calculated
that 54% of the ballots thrown in the dumpster were cast by black folks.
And here's the key.
Florida's terribly typical.
The majority of ballots thrown out, there'll be nearly 2 million tossed out
from two-day selection, will have been cast by African-American
and other minority citizens.
So here we go again.
Or here we don't go again because unlike the last time,
Democrats aren't even asking Ohio to count these cards
with a not-quite-punched tolls called undervotes in the voting bids,
nor are they demanding we look at the overvotes where voter intent may be discerned.
Ohio is one of the last states in America to still use the vote-sporting
punch card machines, and the Secretary of State of Ohio,
Jake Kennedy's black well wrote before the election,
the possibility of a close election with punch cards
is that states primary voting device and vice-a-floor-to-like calamity.
But this week, black well-a rapidly partisan religious Republican
is warmed up to the result of sticking with machines
and have a habit of eating Democratic votes.
When asked if he feared being this-used Kathryn Harris,
black well noted that this fix its efforts landed for a seat in Congress.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha,
exactly how many votes were lost this forward this time.
Blackwell's office notably won't say the first and foremost
Kerry had was hand by Chad's, but the Democrat wasn't put
start by punch cards alone.
There also were the challenges.
That's a polite word for the Republican Party of Ohio's use of an old
Ku Klux Plan technique, the attempt to block thousands of voters
of color at the polls.
In Ohio, Wisconsin and Florida's GOP-Late plans for poll workers
to ambush citizens under arcane laws almost never used,
allowing party designated poll walkers to finger individual voters
in demand they'd be denied a ballot.
Ohio courts were horrified and federal law prohibits targeting
voters where race is a factor in the challenge,
but our Supreme Court was prepared to let Republicans
stand in the voting booth door.
In the end, the challengers were not overwhelming,
but they were there.
Many apparently resulted in voters getting these funky
provisional ballots, a kind of voting placebo,
which may or may not be counted.
Black wall estimates there were 175,000 in Ohio,
Democrats ate 250,000, picked your number.
But its challenges is wearing that minorities,
no one doubts these are again overwhelming to Democratic.
Count them up, head in the scrolled punch cards,
easy to tell you with a human eye and a recap,
and the totals begin to match the exit polls,
and golly you've got yourself a new president.
Don't forget Bush won by just over 136,000 votes in Ohio.
Now, I wanted to Mexico, where a Kerry plurality
if all votes are counted is still more obvious.
Before the election in TomPain.com, I wrote,
John Kerry is down by several thousand votes in Mexico,
they're not one ballots been counted yet.
How did that happen?
It's the spoilage stupidity provisional ballots.
CNN said George Bush stood from Mexico by 11,620 votes.
Again, the network total ended up to that miraculous
and nonexistent 100% of ballots cast.
New Mexico reported in the last racist
spoilage rate of 2.68%, votes lost almost entirely
in Hispanic, Native American, and poor precincts,
Democratic turf.
From Tuesday's vote, assuming the same ballot loss rate,
we can expect to see 18,000 ballots in the spoilage bin.
Spoilage has a very democratic look in New Mexico.
Hispanic voters in the enchanted state voted more than 2-1 for Kerry.
Our five times as likely to have their votes
spoil as a white voter, counting these uncounted votes
would easily overtake the bullish so-called plurality.
Already, the election-bending airfaces spoilage
are popping up in election stats exactly where we'd expect them,
and the heavily Hispanic areas controlled by Republican
election officials, Chavez, County, and the little
Texas area of New Mexico has a 44% Hispanic population
plus Americans and Native Americans,
yet George Bush won their 68-31%.
Now let's add on the effect of the New Mexico
Italian provisional ballots.
They were handing them out like candy, albacricky,
a journalist running a black report of these provisional ballots,
and 20,000 were given out.
Who got them?
Santiago Suarez, who ran the Faithful Citizenship program
for Catholic arts at ICC in New Mexico,
told me that his voters, poor Hispanics,
will be identified as solid, Kerry supporters,
were handed the iffy provisional ballots.
His Spanish were given provisional ballots
rather than the accountable kind almost religiously,
he said, at polling stations when there was the least
question about voters at a notification,
some voters, San Diego, said, were simply turned away.
So we can call Ohio and New Mexico for John Kerry
if we count all the votes, but that won't happen.
Despite the Democratic Party's pledge,
the leadership this time gave into racial disenfranchisement
once again.
Why? No doubt the Democrats know darn well
that counting all the spoiled and provisional ballots
would require the cooperation of Ohio's
Secretary of State Blackwell,
and he will ultimately decide which spoiled and provisional ballots
get tallied.
Blackwell, hand-growing the stipend of Kate Harris's
political pumps, is unlikely to prevent anything
close to a full count.
Also, Democratic leadership knows darn well
the media would punish the party for demanding a full count.
What now? Well, Kerry won,
so hold your victory party, but make sure the shades are down.
It may become illegal to demand a full count
of a full count under P.P. of Act 3.
P.P. of Act 3.
I used to write a column for the Guardian papers in London.
Several friends have asked me if I believe the country again.
In light of the failure, a second time to count all the votes
that won't be necessary because my country has left me.
How do you like that?
To the Greg Polass?
Oh, yeah, it's just spoiled.
It's a crime over spoiled Grantje, all right.
What is it, spoiled eggs?
Rotten eggs?
There it is.
Okay, now let's see, I better vote on this thing, huh?
It's not a vote. It's just a survey.
That's all our survey says.
What religion are you?
Atheist, he said,
and he picked it right there.
Georgia, of course, got a vote agnostic,
because he's a, you know,
I just don't know.
Yeah, you know.
No, I do know.
See, you keep pretending not to get it.
You know?
Not to get what?
You're making the same claim that they are,
the Christians, when you're making a claim of that,
you can't prove.
Yeah.
So, it's a semantics thing.
Okay, prove it.
Well, look at that.
We got 15 agnostic in 780s so far.
I'm leaving that's good. That's excellent.
And Gailor, for president, that's what I say.
I had around my show years ago,
even though I did forget that she didn't have a DNA in every name.
I did have around my show back in the day
when I was doing those boring shows.
Her daughter's kind of cute.
I think I was changing my entire,
that's the thing.
Her daughter's kind of cute.
Really?
Yep, any Laura.
And you like that?
Yeah, I like her.
Two to the, then the Chinese bull-like daughter, Mary,
I'll guarantee you that.
No question.
Okay, let's take a few calls.
And also this, I want to get to this Guardian,
very long, five pages old.
Geez.
We get so upset when you start reading these long ponderous things.
I don't, I like it.
Third likes it.
And, uh, Gailor, we'd be here,
because he's checking out that football schedule.
Right?
Right.
See, Monday's going to be a problem,
because then we got Gailor.
And then we got Gailor.
And the other day, we worked out fine.
We, it was real good.
They were both very quiet, which is fine.
Because that was on a rule.
But that was leading up to the election scene.
Now Monday, I might need a little more assistance,
because, you know, who now knows what we're going to do now?
Now, this is all over.
All right.
Huh?
Well, no, I mean, we're not going to harp on this every day for,
three and a half or a while,
or a whammer hours, or how, every day, uh, oh, geez.
Even I can handle that.
We'll just find some cutesy, funky stuff, you know?
Very clean, though, of course.
Nothing, X-rayed, nothing sub-rosy,
because we don't want to get through a subset and the beesleaves.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
I think it may be this year for your Christmas drive,
maybe we could, you could collect for, uh, buying some black jackets for our groups.
Uh-huh.
It's, uh, helpful.
Maybe to save a few, like,
if something sounds like something to work on, you know?
You know, I, you know, really, I, I work near the place that makes it down here
in Upper Park, and I could go down and ask them to do something.
Okay, you go right ahead and, uh, write them a nice check.
We need flag jackets for ourselves.
Yeah, for all the flag we get.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, and even rise in singular wireless lines.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
2 a.m.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, baby?
I think I have a comment and a question that I'll hang up and listen to the answer.
Comment.
Um, would it be wrong?
Or actually, it fits the comment.
I know that an attack, smart car is inevitable.
And, uh, how do you know that?
Well, I don't know.
I just had that gut feeling.
And I just hope that this time they attack the red state.
And by question, how tall is George Rodriguez?
Thank you.
That's a lot of braille there.
Hey, give your boyfriends a big kiss for us there when you have your noon.
All right, look at that.
12, 13 already.
They're doing it.
I'm sure that we need a little Rogers.
And, smoothly.
On 5.60, A.M.
It's straight from the Vatican, introducing new Catholic life, the religion with one third
that guilt and guilt are regular faith.
New Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot
of doctrine.
What a family!
What a family!
Catholic life, there's no confessions, no sermons, and no lingering afterlife.
It's the perfect alternative for modern agnostics who don't want to take any chances.
Our services are held free to live here and there will be 15 minutes long.
Plus, there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion.
We've brought that too.
Look for all of church reveal in your neighborhood.
Hey, hey, you might be in the front view.
Or, ye of little faith, try Catholic life.
Because a little faith is all you need.
Well, 17 at 5.60, praise the Lord, past ammunition, baby.
All right.
What religion are you, a member of?
We're getting a slow start on the survey here today.
Maybe they're waiting for the weekend to do it, you think?
Well, it's part of the survey.
We're going to analyze it.
What is it?
Well, you switch the polls.
You don't have to do that to one.
What does that mean?
They don't know they've got to go back on and vote again.
They know a thing, a winnest of 27, atheists 26, pretty even there.
13 Catholic reforms, you ate conservative, you for.
Presbyterian for.
We got them all on here, I think.
Lutheran 2, Christian scientist 1.
Do we add something back to this or not?
No, we'll do that now.
Lutheran 2, Christian scientist 1, a friske of the land.
No Quakers, Scientologists, 70 Adventist Mormons, Orthodox Jews, or Wikens.
Yeah, better call my Wikens.
What's the deal with that?
What up with that?
What I call the Wikens right now?
They don't know.
Yeah, you better get them, which is on here, man.
Which is it?
Onward Christian soldiers, what a great segue from the Guardian UK.
It says the hopeless and the democratic camp really believed Wikens was within their grasp.
They get so wrong that they have to appreciate Simon Shama that their country is now in fact two nations that lower than fear each other.
Godly and worldly America, it's long bear with me.
I'll do the best I can.
I'm happy even like a well will see.
In the wee small hours in November 3rd, 2000, for a new country appeared on the map of the modern world, the DSA, the divided states of America.
Oh yes, I know the obligatory apieties about healing have begun.
Not least from the lips of the noble loser.
This is music for the ears of the victor, of course, who wants to hear nothing better than for all of us to come together in a position otherwise known as unconditional surrender.
Please follow Kermurchins in last ditches.
Can someone on the losing side say, just once and for all, not roll over and fall into a warm bath and paint your out of gratitude in such moments.
The tooth of food of battle instead, yellen holler and snarl just a little bit.
I don't want to heal the wound. I want to scratch the dantignate till it hurts and bleeds, and then maybe we'll have all the taste to get up from the mat.
Do we think the far right Republican candidate, Barry Goldwater, in the ash he got of his annihilation in 1964, wanted to share?
Don't think so. He wanted to win sometime, and now by God he has.
We are one nation the newborn star of Democrat Senator, elect Barack Obama, exclaimed even as the every salient factor of political life belight him.
While he might invoke Lincoln, for not since the Civil War has the fault line between this two have been so glaringly clear, nor the chasm between its two cultures so starkly unbridgeable.
Even territorially with the exception of Florida, its peninsula finger pointing expectantly at Todor and Cuba.
The two Americas are topographically coherent and almost contiguous.
One of those Americas is a perimeter lying on the oceans, or a twerk to fuzzy boundary with the Canadian lakes, and is necessarily porous and outward looking.
The other America, whether Montenegro Prairie is solidly continental and landlocked, its tap roots have obstinate self-belief, very deep beneath the blue grass and the high corn.
It's time we call these two Americas, something other than the Republican Democrat, for the mutual alienation and unforgiving contempt as posted as Sunni and Shia, or in Indian terms Muslim and Hindu.
How about then, Godly America and Worldly America?
Worldly America, which of course John Kerry won by a massive landslide, faces well the world on its specific and Atlantic coast and freely engages commercially and culturally with Asia and Europe, in an easy understanding that those comments are a dynamic synthesis of ancient cultures and modern social and economic practices.
This trueism is threatening to Worldly America, not least because so many of its people in the crowded cities are themselves products of its old new ways of Korea, Japan, Ireland or Italy.
In Worldly America, San Francisco, Chicago, San Diego, New York, the foreigner is not an anxiety, but rather a necessity. Its America is polycultural, not polyanna.
Godly America, on the other hand, rock ribbed in big Chinese Wyoming, stretched out just as far as it pleases in W's deeply grilled pecs, turns its back on that dangerous promiscuous and pure world and proclaims the high-heavenly indestructible endurance of the American difference.
If Worldly America has been on anything else, a city, a street and a port, Godly America is as its heart, the organ who's been invariably determines its votes over the cooler instructions of the head, a church, a farm and a barracks, places that are walled, fenced and consecrated.
Worldly America is about finding civil ways to share crowded space from a metro bus to the planet.
Godly America is about making over space in its image. One America makes room, the other America muscles in.
Worldly America is pragmatic, practical, rational and skeptical, and California past Proposition 71, funding, embryonic stem cell research beyond the restrictions imposed by Bush's federal policy.
Godly America is mythic, messianic, conversionary, given acts of public witness, hence the need in Utah and Montana and Hennaville of other states to pull the voters on amendments to their state constitution, defining marriage as a union between the opposite sexes.
But then Worldly America said to feed the Cardinal of Vanities, Godly America banishes and punishes them. From time to time Godly America will descend on the fleshpots of Worldly America from Gotham, it had its citadel-like convention there after all, to California Cation, will shop for t-shirts, take a sniff of the local pagans, and then return to base camp more convinced than ever that at the time of redemption of repentance it must be at hand.
But if the stiff net crimes, aggressors cannot be persuaded they can be cowed and conquered.
No wonder so many of his gutte lessons so fabulously wrong, even the early hours of two-day evening, when the exit polls apparently were giving John Kerry a two-a-fee point lead in both Florida and Ohio.
For most of us, Turbulent, the writers spend our days in Worldly America and think that Godly America is some sort of quaint inachronism, doomed to actrathy and disappear as the hypermodernity of the Saviourage overtakes it, and whatever fastness of Kentucky or Montana might still circle its wagons.
The shock for the world leads us to discover that Godly America is its modernity, and that so far from withering before the advance of the blogger in the zip-drive, it's actually empowered by them.
The tenacity with which Godly America insists the theory of evolution is just that, a theory, with no more political validity than creationism, or that Iraqis did in fact bring down the twin towers, is not an any way challenged by the digital pathways of the information age.
In fact, set articles of faith are expedited and reinforced by them.
Holy bloggers, Gloviate, pedicostalists, ornament their website with a nimble subtrembling electronic radiance, and for all I know, you can download Pastor John Ascroft singing the phrases of the Lord right to your God's pod.
You have a God pod? No, I transpires as the exercise of the franchise is sure far away for Democrats to prevail.
The received wisdom in these worldly parts, subscribed to by yours truly, was that a massively higher voter turnout would necessarily favor Kerry.
PDD's voter die campaign was credited with getting out young voters on mass-ignored the polls in 2000.
We saw a lot of springstead in Bon Jovi and ecstatic upturned faces, who could possibly match their mobilization, we thought.
Answer? Thiohova and his faithful servant St. Carl the Rove.
The biggest threw a wall in 2004 is the astounding success of the Republicans, and shipping millions of white evangelicals to the polls who also had stayed home for years earlier.
We thought we were fired up with righteous indignation against the deceits of the propaganda campaign for the war in Iraq, against the gross inequities of the tax cuts, but our fire was just hot air compared to the G had launched by the Godlies against the infamy of a tax rollback, a merely presuming to diss the dear leader in a time of war.
And the battalions of Christian soldiers made the telling difference in the few critical places where Godly and worldly American do actually web shoulders or at least share a state Ohio above all.
By the lights of the, I have no idea what this word is, Fisology manuals, what is that?
Ohio auto has been an act of the Democrats, aging industrial cities such as Equin and Dayton with big concentrations of minorities suffered prolonged economic pain from the outsourced industries.
Cleveland, Cincinnati, or classic cities of the worldly plane, half decayed and completely revived, great art museums, Iraq and rural hall of fame, a terrific symphony orchestra, the drab of it in deep Zion, where the whole steans grazed by billboards urging the sinful to return to the bosom of the Almighty, the Church of Friday night high school football, shots in so Zanas have to pet down, and support our troop signs grow as thick as the Ruta Vega.
At first sight there's not much distance between this world and Western Pennsylvania, but where the state line to be marked in 24 high electrical electrified fences the frontier between the two Americas couldn't be sharper.
The voters of the Buckeye State cities did care about jobs, they did listen when Kerry told them the rich had been disproportionately benefited nicely from Bush's tax cut, but they were also listening when their preachers both black and white, plummeted against the uncendingness of Sodom and the murder of the unborn.
In the end those whose most serious anxieties were the state of the economy and the mess of Potangu were outvoted by those who told exit pollers that their greatest concern in 2004 was moral values.
Faith driven politics may have even had a hand in delivering Florida to bush by surprising margins since it seems possible that Jewish voters there voted for my son the vice president, Julie, Marlman structuring the faithful of the abhorrence of his position on abortion, would have been modest persuasive as kidding him out with a gun camouflage and dead candor to geese,
a laboriously transparent exercise in damning insincereity. In gravely America the politics of impassioned conviction inevitably trumped the politics of logical argument.
On CNN a few Ming James Carval wondered out loud how a candidate declared by the voting public to have decisively won at least two of the three televised debates but have still been defeated.
But the victory in those debates was one of body language rather than reason discourse, it registered more deeply with the public than the president looked hunched and pee-vish than that he had been called by Kerry on the relevance of the war in Iraq to the threat of terror.
And since the inset was one of appearance and not essence, it consisted easily be replaced by countless photo-offs of the president restored to sound-byte affability.
The charge that Bush and his second war had actually made America less and not more safe and it created not flushed out nests of terror simply failed to register with the majority of those that put that issue with the top of their concerns.
Why? Because the president had acted meaning he at least had killed some at least in bad dudes in response to 9-11.
It might be the wrong ones and the wrong place is Kerry said over and over again but that was simply too complicated truth to master.
Forget the quiz and political geography the electorate was saying for the popular commitment to el-feruistic democratic reconstruct on the Tigris is whatever the White House orthodoxy is less than Wolfowitian.
It's all sand and towelheads anyway right? Just smash them like a right catalogue. Who then? Who gives a Schmidt? Just make the test-ostero and tingle all the way to the polls.
Thus it was that the war veteran found himself demonized as a vacillating compromiser, the Osama candidate, while a pair of Bragg Dodgers would sacrifice more than 1100 young men and women to a quick-sotic 11-team makeover and one of which I prophecy will be ignominiously wound up by next summer.
The isolationist in the administration had rather than Eocons cut off Scott free, lionizes the fadders of our troops.
Well the autumn leaves have just this week fallen from the trees up here in the Hudson Valley and the scales from the eyes of us deluded world-leads.
If there's to be any sort of serious political future for the Democrats they have to do far more than just merely trade on the shortcomings of the incumbents and there will be opportunities in the which in years ahead.
The real challenge is to force an alternative social gospel for the political liturgy of the godlies, one that redefines patriotism as an American community not just a collection of well-seeking individuals, one that refuses to play a zero-sum game between freedom and justice, one in which as the last populous president will put it just a week ago thought and hope are not mutually exclusive.
You want moral values? So do we, but let them come from the street, not the pulpit, and if a fresh beginning must be made and it must, let it not begin with a healing, but with a fight.
Do I dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to please cut, please cut, dee-ban, dee-ban, dee-ban, change his water into wine.
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet saying, and do I dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to stop, I'm not gonna see him, but I'm not gonna speak, dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to, dare to be lost on, what done, who am I to?
My dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, then he cured all our first horse.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God.
Yes, they do, but there's all the people think it's so odd.
Now he's the reason that we have any sardaisons.
And, of course, there's this making the rounds, and I see on BuzzFlaff somebody faxed a copy I saw it yesterday.
New map of the U.S. or at least of North America.
And most of what all the red states are now called Jesus land and the blue states have
joined with Canada and the United States of Canada.
How's it going, eh?
It's okay, we can add it.
That would be great.
United States of Canada, I think that may happen someday, you know?
Because geographically those blue states, I mean, you do have to go down the pike a little
bit to get to California, but nevertheless, it's still connected there.
You know, it's still there, left arm, that left coast.
And then of course those upper midwestern states in the soda, Wisconsin, Michigan, they're
all like Illinois, they're all like lump together there.
In New York, the whole Northeast, they're in Pennsylvania, in Joyce, in Delaware, in
Maryland, it's all like neatly connected there.
We could do a wee bit of redistribution.
And how do you go out there and far-bison?
I notice we don't have any orthodox Jews listening.
You know what I say to that?
Good.
They're busy making beanies.
It is so, so sad.
It was he who's good for Israel.
He's good for, I'll go there already.
Okay, go there and hop on a bus to see if he survived.
Get out of our face already.
Kerry had a 100% voting record for Israel in his entire political history.
And you know something that was a bad mistake.
I didn't like that time.
And during that point, and the baton that got into the one question about that, and he
said nothing at all about the Palestinians or what.
Again, all he was pandering to the Jews again, because that's what you have to do.
You have to pander and pander and either he nor abortion.
And why do you think to say about a Palestinian state or about the innocent Palestinians
who are getting killed like the innocent Israelis, no, it's strictly a one-sided deal, because
we have to suck up to that fat ass Ariel Shiro and that terrorist lunatic.
Nevertheless, take a look at the survey.
Now the survey is usually pretty interesting, although I don't think so this time.
But you've chased them all away.
Good, I don't care.
The Mormons, remember we started, we used to have a few Mormons, remember?
Yeah.
I think way back in the beginning we had about 30 men.
But surely because you made up all those nasty comments about them writing them bicycles
with their white shirts and ties.
What's the last thing about that?
You know, it's not all of you.
So I remember all the stuff you said.
Let's say Greg Palazzo, call him other stuff I'm seeing around the internet, who is this
from?
Is this from our friend Fred?
Yeah, this Fred.
How did I know that?
He's just happy birthday.
Thank you Fred.
Fred's still working on it, okay?
Let's see, he's got a foil and a graph and a tin foil hat and whatever he's got here.
This goes very on breathe.
Exit polling.
I don't know how you want to see me and go, I don't get it.
Florida exit polling.
Carry 51, bush 48.
Exit vote the other way around 51, 48 bush.
Ohio exit polling.
Carry 52, bush 47.
Five points lead.
Bush 51, carry 48 final vote.
Pennsylvania 60 to 40 for carry and the final vote was only two points.
51, 49 for carry and Pennsylvania.
How do you like that?
Oh no, but the exit polling was all wrong and we did the right thing, the wrong thing and
we jumped to conclusion.
Should I gotta say that now because otherwise it looks like it was fixed and we can't
have a fixed lesson in America.
That would be bad.
WQAM, hello.
Hey.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, finally pay for your visit to Dr. Capportian.
Yeah.
I'll pay for your visit to Dr. Capportian.
That would be great.
Yeah, okay great.
That was great and okay.
But just what you expect.
Just exactly what you expect from those that crowd.
I'm not going to Dr. Capportian.
How about you giving it a shot, okay?
Yeah.
How about spending some time rushing with fully loaded chambers this weekend or maybe
just with Maryland chambers?
She's probably what about 90 now.
She might take a look at him.
How about I doubt it?
5670560, Palm 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
See it's like a big joke.
All these kids are going to die out there when they have this attack on Fallujah coming
up in the days to come and they've already alerted the hospitals over there.
You're ready for a blood bath, right?
The story's on the, I just saw it on News Day.
Good joke.
It's a big joke, you know?
Just, we won.
Like a football game.
It's the same mentality.
And of course, why not?
Because a lot of these people like the most pick as you'd see.
It's like an article I read.
I don't find you.
Nice football game in Texas.
Praise the Lord.
You know, they're going to loop Social Security, ain't it?
Great.
Yeah.
And so all the young folks who lose their money in the stock market.
WQA and Hello.
Happy birthday to you, my new.
Love you.
Okay.
I guess it must have led them out of the circle.
C'mon.
WQA and Hello.
I'm working, you know.
Thanks.
How you doing?
Great.
How about for the religious, the church, bar and grill?
Can you play that one?
For a fucking hard, that's an old Bob and Tom one.
I don't think I have that.
I think George might have that somewhere.
I love that.
You got it.
So where?
It's, I don't know.
It's quite the fun.
And I don't, I don't think we only got an hour or 20 minutes to go.
It's nothing we get, you know, our desperate.
I got a really good column here by Paul Krugman, as usual.
And one by Antonio Servici is in the Toronto star where they just rip,
push and ask any American people as well as start.
And they rip them and ask.
In fact, you know something I forgot about that because the one articles on the other side of that.
County by Tony Nath, you know.
Victory for Bush.
No fluke this time.
I just one paragraph at the end that's by Thomas Walker in the star who says,
Canadians might find this unsettling,
but this it seems as today's United States.
They support freedom in the abstract would consider some specific freedom such as freedom of
end of merry men or women women beyond the pale.
But this it seems as today's United States, Americans were not,
they were not tricked into electing a social conservative president anxious to make war.
And not this time, this time they deliberately chose him.
They're not too happy about the whole world.
It's like hanging her head and she ain't like, how the hell did this go on happen again?
What's because they're all Carly's.
That must be it.
County Pincos.
Anyway, but I don't know what I want to waste my time reading this thing.
So I feel like I'm farting into a windstorm now, you know.
Silently I hope.
Oh yeah, say Joyce, I'm only farting very silently in and they smell a real I like lie locks.
Because Rochester is right across the lake.
They smell just like lie locks.
I'm looking at that county by county and it looks to me like Buffalo and
Rochester voted for Kerry.
That is I just can't get over that because they're very traditionally Republican counties.
Wow, that is just amazing.
In fact, Niagara Falls, Buffalo, whatever.
I don't I guess it's Niagara County in Eury County.
Is Buffalo?
You would know.
I hear right.
So yeah, voted for Kerry.
That's just unbelievable.
Maybe they figured they give me give me free bowling passes and free white socks.
And free what is that stuff they got that meat that's not smoked meat that's much.
You're all whatever that stuff is.
Well, fat boy would know.
And by the way, don't give fat boy those Buffalo tickets.
I won't.
That's a very few.
And hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
And I'm going to for Kerry, but most of the people that I know voted for pushing they always bring up the fact.
Oh, why both for Kerry because he's going to cut the military.
He wants cut the budget for the military.
This and that and one more thing.
You know what?
The same.
Go ahead.
I know we'll build them all did I know we're paying for it, but when you know how to sell it just do.
I'm coming up.
Did he say what or who what did Sally fifth do?
She sat on a battery.
She said on a court bottle.
Matter of fact, Bill O'Reilly knows all about it.
She said on a bunch of they got a lot in common for an object, you know.
That's all can pick on sell.
These people with her channel seven, fetish the succession first say I did the break of my.
What break the one at 1238.
I didn't know I'm just rambling on here.
We got to do a freaking break.
It was up.
If you sick of pizza that are only partially awesome now there's a new pizza that's totally awesome.
It's comedos mile high pizza by one entire pizza kilo top of another pizza with another pizza on top of that with three toppings of your choice.
Then we file another pizza on top of that.
But we're not done yet.
We put another pizza on top of that and another pizza on top of that with three additional toppings of your choice.
Can you be the same toppings that are on top of the pizza that's three tiers below that?
No, but on top of that pizza is another pizza.
And on top of the pizza above that you can repeat the toppings choice from eight layers down.
We couldn't have four feet to up through the one below the second one with three toppings have stuffed crusts.
No, but the third piece is down from the one above the second one with three toppings can.
We'll only three down this one.
Wow, I can't wait to get down and order one.
Domino's mile high pizza pie.
Why would your way cross the living room and open the door?
It's domino's.
We left off.
I didn't know my bad looked off a whole bunch of important religions there man.
How could we leave off their Muslims?
Oh, man, Jesus, K Christ.
How could I do that?
And the six right and seven and eights seeks to seek S. I. K. H.
Got it.
Remember the day that you called in last year said I'm sick.
Hope we found a good doctor.
Buddhist.
We forgot the Buddhist to lecture our Buddhist head got like three of them and tell here.
And what about the Shinto is Shinto.
What do we put down?
Shinto is that the name of religion?
Shinto.
Correct.
How about that Japanese?
Is the girl still there with you or is that the other one?
She's there.
And what about it?
Is there any discussion about religion in Japan and about Shinto?
And they have on that.
What?
What are you being the ambassador to you are?
There's no question.
Probably brow being her in brainwashing.
They have Shinto and Buddhism and they use it like traditional flavor.
They don't believe it literally.
She says right.
And she's shot into this made that people actually do believe in religion.
Literally.
Like most of the real world is okay.
So they do system.
Religious fanaticism is the thing that we're all the rational people are fighting.
Even that drooling South Carolina redneck Republican.
He knew it.
We're fighting religious intolerance religious fanaticism.
Which equals a K.A.
Hate.
Good old fashioned.
A hate.
And by the way for that moron to call before we're listening religiously to the show by the way.
The similar to give me a song of dance about Michael Morla's year.
I recognize these voices man like you wouldn't believe.
Hate to break the news.
Not only am I not religiously doctor Kavorkian, but even though maybe they're too late to text the loose show up.
They show up big ones big fat ones.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I heard Salah fifth settle on the Q.
Yeah okay great WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Give it on me.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey good morning.
I'm just.
Oh afternoon morning there you go.
I had some article by Hunter Ed Thompson and did you I just wondered if you read that or seen his comments regarding the election now.
Vice-backed to you.
Would you be interested?
Sure.
And it's a pretty poignant.
Why would you put it up?
Yeah.
What do you think about that guy?
I mean I don't think much of what I'm just curious is to your say gone on well.
Well, send me the article I'll read that I have an open mind.
And what's the fact that we're again there?
I asked.
305.
What do you mean there you ask?
We're very friendly bunch here some days.
305.
650.
0198.
Oh well you learned it.
Got it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
That's right.
Thanks.
Thanks everybody.
We can.
567.
Where are you?
Not having a nervous breakdown.
But it's I mean Wednesday I must admit I was physically ill all day.
I just thought like how could this be you know?
Right.
But of course we know how it can be because whether the fix is in or not.
And you know my hooker by crook I already told you they'll find a way to get there.
And I can let go of the rains of power after they've efforts they went through the sea with the last time.
You think they're just going to let them go loose that easily?
No.
Now I'll take another thing that doesn't make any sense.
They say what airs it pulls doesn't take it affected people at your up late.
Well guess what traditionally just about air be election who are the people that vote late after work?
I give them a crash.
Oh well.
Air be time.
Traditionally I mean goes back a zillion years because they work all day and then if they weren't able to do it early in the morning
they go out there and they turn out in very large numbers late in the day.
So when you look inside the carousel they had a couple of points in Florida and you know higher and mostly almost every one of the battleground states.
That's why people were celebrating dancing because it looked like it was all over and here they had all these long lines.
So all those long lines of dark folks they're in Cleveland and these places and all of a sudden it kind of reminded me of the old metro rail deal.
You know.
All those people that showed up in homestead to vote for something they had nothing to do with them.
Not that we're suggesting you if you understand of course.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Okay good one.
WQA and hello.
Good afternoon sir.
Yes sir.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
I don't know if you saw the email that Michael Moore sent out the first one on yesterday evening I think I got it.
I think it's just a perfect.
He has the whole list of all the 1120 or whatever kids who died uselessly in Iraq and then right under there he says maybe rest in peace and maybe one day forget us.
I think it's perfect.
Yeah and he said we put on our website the most if they didn't have the picture of Bush behind the barbed wire and every square of the barbed wire is a picture of one of those kids.
That's it.
Kind of question and maybe I don't know if you can answer it or maybe one of the.
But don't forget to work interested in moral values.
Yeah right.
Forget about that.
Yeah right.
Sure.
What is the difference?
What is the legal difference between slot machines two and three?
What's the deal there?
Slot machines two is those make believe ones that they have at the Indians right now where you have to you don't really play the slot and it's got a bingo game on top and then the site it's just a funny balloon.
It's a legal way of getting around because you know supposedly the three which is what they voted in favor of on Tuesday.
Right.
It's just a regular Vegas pet slot machine that's all it doesn't have all that stupid crap on top.
So it is so we are going to have the threes in the perimutals.
That is correct.
Cool.
Yeah you bet.
Hey great deal.
I might even come down there once in a while just for the hell of it.
Don't don't do it too much.
I said I said great while I can work.
Very good for on top.
Every other circus master I can go to woodbine here have a great time.
You got a great deal.
Thanks.
Yeah it's going to be great.
It's great for the horsemen.
It's great for the whole perimutial industry which has been dying because it's got so much competition and love that competition like the Indians it's not getting taxed.
The cruise ship's not getting taxed.
The state isn't benefiting.
New suckers out there aren't benefiting from any of it because all that money is just going into somebody's pocket.
But I got to read that again and I say that that's just for us my fat ass.
When they find out that $5.6 million of the no on for money the anti gambling campaign was financed by the seminal tribe in the two weeks leading up to the election again.
Scared the public just like the Bush people did with all this terrorism crap.
Scared the public.
People respond real well to being scared.
The ads warned that slots itself for the perimutials would ruin the state's family friendly tourist reputation.
We felt we had to protect the assets of the seminal tribe.
In other words they didn't want the competition that's all it's not that they cared about ruining a family friendly tourist reputation because they got basically the same thing there just a different class of slots that's all.
Fony going and now they're going to be able to get the same thing.
It's unbelievable.
And of course this a max occiola seminal tribe councilman from Hollywood admitted he never saw the TV ads financed by the tribe which just happened to own the seminal hard rock hotel in casino.
Well you talk about getting new in fact don't they need call that a hoser?
You want to change it?
You want to change it?
Exclusion wave.
Unfice again.
Team A&M.
What crap?
I know this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news.
St. Del Castro and communism have fallen in Cuba.
Our microphones were there to catch you this historic moment.
Gracias, gracias adios.
You heard it here, Bert.
The whole of Castro and communism in Cuba.
Now back to our regularly scheduled program.
It's a minute after one and five years you know I haven't even scheduled it.
I've been remiss. We got the mad dog at public snouted.
Have you ever found out what publics he's going to be doing the show for him and is it going to be in the fresh free?
I don't know.
We don't know?
I never heard a such thing. He's going to be doing the show for him.
Publix?
Keep driving around from publics to publics until you find it.
That is bizarre.
Look for the one of the crowd out for it.
Wow.
And then we got to offer it for a course from in the studio.
And the big 7 who's nothing but a chicken Schmidt and an educate 10.
Let's see.
How do rest Thompson?
Actually he's at Hooters in the realm, not publics.
How did that ever get on there, publics?
What was that mean?
Next he's going to be doing it from Walgreens.
I don't get it.
Although he's got a lot of drugs in Walgreens.
What?
A lot of that's not Walgreens.
And Hooters in where?
Dora.
Dora.
Well that's pretty, I'm just about to say something is publics right?
Right.
Oh man.
How do rest Thompson?
Now this is the thing I'm supposed to see that is correct.
Well it's very short.
He wrote for him in Las Vegas where the Buffalo Romino who he is.
I know how to rest Thompson.
Jesus Christ almighty man.
No it's not him.
Yeah it is.
In drag.
We've become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world.
A nation of boys and bastards who'd rather kill and look peacefully.
We're not just whores for power and oil, but killer whores
with hate and fear in our hearts.
We are human scum and that's how history will judge us.
No redeeming social value.
Just whores get out of our way or will kill you.
Who does hope for these dishonest Schmidt heads?
Who among us can be happy and proud of having all this innocent blood on our hands?
Who are these swine?
These flag sucking half-wits who get fleeced and fooled by stupid little rich kids like George Bush.
They're the same ones who wanted to have Muhammad Ali locked up for refusing to kill gooks.
They speak for all that is cruel and stupid and vicious in the American character.
They're the racists and hate mongers among us.
They're the Ku Klux Klan.
I pee down the throats of these Nazis.
He didn't say pee, but you know what he's saying?
I mean I tooled the worry about whether they like it or not.
F them.
Jesus Hunter rest Thompson.
Which we say.
Oh right man.
Thank you for factoring that John.
Heighted what he pulls punches and minces wards like that.
Yeah.
Tell us what you really think.
Excellent job.
Don't forget that QA and Van three to five this afternoon will be at the Hess station.
No connection with Rudolph Hess.
Located at 198 in Northwest 27th Avenue.
It's been the wheel for prizes and registered for the middle-life press writer for a day sweepstates.
Whatever that is.
And from four to six this afternoon, QM will be at the second annual South Florida RV road show going on.
And then the last day of the year.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
I'm going to have a little bit of a ride.
That's...
I'm going to say to you that I want to apologize to America right now, even though I had no partner.
I want to apologize because that thing had no business being an issue.
You know, you fags out there that just can't take a little bit slower.
Just take a little bit of time and stop like school and it all offered.
That was the one thing they needed.
That was the one excuse, just like when Clinton first came into office.
He's going to have gays in the military.
He was trying to keep his campaign promise, but he was politically naive.
And they nailed him to the cross with that.
They just about finished him off with that and then when that didn't do the job, then we got Monica with a blue dress.
But you've got to take it slow.
I understand people are impatient.
They don't want to wait for equal rights, but the fact that it matters is it's America.
You're not ready for equality.
You've got a country that's loaded with bigoted religious nuts.
W.A.M. Hello.
I'm Neil. Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Oh, okay, good.
I'm only saying happy birthday.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, my goodness. I just want to say, oh, my God.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I just want to say, my mom, we're from Persia, Iran and my mom, whatever you say is gospel.
Is there any way?
This is the gospel. That's right.
It costs a 50 bucks to listen for now. I'm going to start making some money off it.
You're wonderful. I hope you come back to Miami.
Is there any way to get an autograph autograph for a picture of you?
I went on your website. No.
No. Okay, sweet.
I don't do that. No, ma'am. I used to do that.
And then I got started. People look at my every face.
No. Oh, Neil, you're wonderful. Thank you so much.
Thanks, sweetheart. Have a great weekend.
You too, bye. Say hi to Ma.
I will.
All right. Me too.
Hi, Ma.
Let's see. What religion are you as our survey?
Now, it's not one of those controversial pool questions.
Who you're going to vote for? Do the election get stolen?
Who's got the hottest pair of boobs? Not like that.
330. It's just a survey. And our survey says...
Agnostic 93, Catholic 77, atheist 76.
And after that, it's a long way down to reform Jew.
What do you think about that? 29, conservative Jew 16.
You've got about three Catholic horse crafters.
Catholic 77. Those of your people as our Catholics, the Hispanics, man.
We're loaded with them. We got the Cubans up the old...
No, it's...
Not the old shoe.
Conservative 16, Presbyteria 9 Lutheran 7, Quaker 5.
So the Babac... Quaker 5?
Holy moly, I'm feeling my Quaker roasts now.
Richard, this one was a Quaker. Look what he did.
Something back this four, Wikens 4. All right.
Which candidate did they vote for?
Methodist 2, Christian scientists appear.
Episcopalists 2...
So we said... I guess that's right. Piscopalian, whatever.
Sick, we got one sick. Call the doctor. Call emergency right now.
Muslim one, Scientology one.
Ooh, must be a classic queen.
Seven-day Adventist one.
Chimpo, Buddhist, Mormon and Orthodox Jew.
We got the big...
Oh! If any Mormons left, oh, you chased them all away, George.
What are you talking about?
I kept telling you, stop chasing the Mormons away.
I'm nice to the Mormons, I invite you.
No, you're not. And bite them into the Hollywood.
You keep them like crap and you keep talking about them special underwares
with all holes in them.
They do have holes in them.
Oh my God. What kind of crap is that?
They're called temple garments.
Oh, please. It's all the heavier in the schmothers
and them flying carpets and the rosary beads and the lighter in the...
Oh, Jesus, God almighty. What are you, Christ?
This is the year 2004.
We still got people poaching around with nonsense from the stoneays,
the flattered crowd.
Yeah, at least they're not sacrificing chickens anymore.
That's what you think. You have a little hidey lady.
We have you.
Crazy proof.
Man.
You are. So you need to get out of the house a little bit more.
Hopefully with a lot of protection.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
After working yourself up into a frenzy and promoting the Michael Moore movie?
Yeah.
So is it right? That push-borne, huh?
Yeah, yeah. I was responsible.
It serves me right.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's send your ass over there to Iraq, okay?
Let's send your ugly, pimply, nasty, smelly ass over there.
And then after we finish with that, we'll send the rest of you to Iraq.
You like that?
And bring you back in a body sack.
WQA and hello.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
You don't buddy all the way to Daniel all the way up to 75 before Mars I picked him up.
I'm on alligator, Alan.
Wow. What all of the beastlies here about that?
No, it's pretty clear, too, dude. I can't believe it, though.
Excellent. Somebody, I bet you that's the Bob Ben,
and whatever his name is, when I'm peed on the tower, Bob Ben Moose.
Yeah, maybe, maybe, Neil.
So I've been, okay, here's your birthday, huh?
It is.
Well, happy birthday.
Well, thank you so much.
Are you getting older or wiser?
Oh, real old 62, man.
Ancient, senior.
Five years old.
No bullshit. No bull.
Are you really 62?
Yes, I am 62.
Like I just said, too bad we had a dumpster.
He said, Bolshevik.
That is shame.
Yeah.
The beastlies here, that either.
No.
Oh, that's Joyce, man.
You better go like that.
We don't know what you're going to do now.
You should've seen the scene in there this morning, because apparently there was a long,
steady stream of fart sound effects on the house.
On the steering show.
Oh, yeah.
They didn't have enough buttons to put in.
Well, turned for you, Howard.
In fact, I hope Howard just played...
I got a great idea.
I hope that's the steering plays fart sounds in the background during the entire show from now on.
Wouldn't that be great?
What are they going to do then?
Huh?
Oh.
Can you even begin to imagine what would be going on in that studio?
They got a pretty good idea.
Holy cow, you talk about...
Yeah, that was it.
Here's the fact that Pete the Chronic board off would just won't go away.
Happy 60-second birthday.
Pete the Chronic was in the basement long time since WINZ and the Wonder Mug days.
Can I have a Wonder Mug, Neil?
Can I have a Wonder Mug?
Thank you, Pete.
I hope you're doing as well with you and yours, etc. and so on.
Pete, most of those people from back in the INZ's these days, they're probably long gone now.
You know?
Oh, my good old Paisons.
They're all moved on.
They're all listening to the FM, they're listening to the series and XM.
They've moved out of another row.
Right?
Right.
It's okay.
But we always got Pete the Chronic board off, and we always got Chronic Rick there.
Won't stop with those stupid facts, you know?
How far to that website now in the register?
Okay, you got a register because then you'll be able to vote for God or Allah or Buddha or Joseph Smith or Muhammad or one of those other fantasy characters.
Okay.
I'd be honest, there was a guy, though, named Joseph Smith.
Right.
Right?
Absolutely.
That's documented.
Right.
There was a Joseph Smith.
In fact, he had those tablets in Calmy, in New York and they kept saying, take two and call us in the morning.
He just didn't know what to call them.
And they thought he called them Mormon.
A Linchma was throwing him up on the kind of, he was an abhorrent militant pain in the ass.
Yeah, and he had that very strange magical underwear, too, Albert.
Wow.
Which would have been so bad, except that he didn't change it, see?
It had a strange scent.
Then he said he was sent from heaven.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody sent from heaven.
It was Jesus.
No, it was Moses.
No, it was Joseph Smith.
No, it was Donnie and Marie.
No, it was Buddha.
No, it was this one.
It was that one.
It was, oh, Jesus.
Jesus.
It wears me out.
You talk about fighting the establishment man, trying to fight against people that have been brainwashed since they were old enough to open up their eyes.
I mean, it's a hopeless case.
That's what we need.
We need one gigantic, deep programming operation in the world.
That's what we need.
Everybody wakes up tomorrow.
No religion.
Bye-bye.
Close them all down.
Turn our buildings into homeless shelters.
Take care of people who need some help.
Right?
Summer Theater.
They've got all those things.
Here's some good for them.
Take some people in, feed them, close them, clean them up, educate them.
Give them a worthwhile life instead of all this crap like that crystal cathedral out there in California or that coral ridge with a...
The fire halfway to the sky there would ever an anti-Semite Kennedy.
Man.
Just comment down, little bit, okay?
Give them a little bit too worked up now.
Calm down.
I'm talking to you.
Okay.
Well, 13 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Now's the time to save like never before at Armstrong Ford a homestay because they got to clear out all remaining old force to make room for the 2005.
And you're going to save like never before in all remaining old force and stock ready for immediate if not sooner delivery.
All the old fives are ready.
They're ready and they're ready to roll out.
Plus for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing on any of the following.
Explorers, escapes, focuses, terraces and mustangs, certain restrictions apply.
The lots of arms stock for the homestead are jammed like crazy and with moral fives arriving every day, they're slicing prices like crazy right now.
And you're going to save a ton.
Armstrong Ford a homestead offers more value to you too because when you buy or ford there, you'll get their exclusive tires and...
...and batteries for life program.
So if you're looking for a new car but been stalling around putting it off, wait no longer because David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford are making you an offer, you've got to be crazy to refuse.
They guarantee you the best price and don't forget Armstrong Ford a homestead is locally owned and operated.
It'll treat you great just like family.
You'll get better deal in South Florida on a Ford, nowhere, no bait and swish, no phony deals, just unbeatable prices.
At Armstrong Ford a homestead at 307.25, South Dixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them out on the web if you'd like at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a few minutes and save thousands on that new Ford only.
At Armstrong Ford a homestead needs a new rocket.
It's going to be a mess.
It's 8AM.
The
Ford
a homestead
is locally owned and operated.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
It's going to be a mess.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Let's check with Joyce over the weekend.
Well, yeah, I mean, you're essentially trying to argue a belief and you're never going to disprove a negative.
So you're wasting your breath.
The only thing that's going to change is if you convince more people who have yet to be infected if you want to use that kind of term.
If you are, you know, and that you are essentially trying to provide some kind of idea that's going to help them better education, better job whatever.
The matter.
Yeah.
And forget about trying to, you know, preach to the lunatics.
They're gone.
Like those Star Trek episodes, you know.
One thing's been mind-melting.
They're done for.
It's like he infected the body stenchers.
Yeah, but you know what?
I guess they were all the same.
I mean, you got to kind of people on the board, but we need to say this.
John Kerry deserves a hell of a lot of the problems of what would happen.
You know, Lousy campaign from essentially the end of the Democratic Convention really all the way up until the first day.
And he picked a real weak sister for his running mate.
Well, after the convention, they realized that he was adding absolutely nothing.
Yeah, but you know what?
He could have overcome that if he had a message and if he had his own core ideals and an environment stuff with a bunch of losers.
Like Bob Strong, we never won elections since like Madison was president.
Yeah.
I mean, he could have pulled that off.
But he's those much to blame.
He sat around and talked about Vietnam for how long?
Yeah.
Who cares?
He got sucked into that and they played the game with him for about two months and then they had it with him.
Well, you know what?
I'll leave you with this.
Maybe one senatorial position, that guy, and he's been in the center for 20 years.
Maybe one leadership position that he had.
And tell me those guys didn't know something about his lack of leadership abilities.
Don't forget, Deenal Begraight in 2008.
Yeah, right.
I'll share it.
Hey, happy birthday and good luck to all of us.
Thanks, probably hanging there.
Sounds so depressed in me.
Come on, Howard Deenal Begraight in 2008.
What are you saying?
He would have won the elections.
Guarantee.
He'd have won by 20 points.
We're going to South Carolina.
We're going to South Carolina.
We're going to South Carolina.
And we're going to South Carolina.
And New Mexico.
We're going to California.
And Texas.
And New York.
We're going to South Carolina.
Oh.
And Washington.
And Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington.
And we see the take back the way house.
Oh.
22 past 1 on a beautiful Friday.
The sun is shining here.
Not too toasty.
So on the nippy side.
How's it going to buy you?
Oh, it's nice this morning.
Actually.
It's really cool and...
It's 8.
And at the grid grade.
That's like 46, 47.
By the way, Renee, if you don't stop trying to fix this 10-page bag.
I'm going to screen.
But it's going to be 11.
Something in 52 days.
Pretty good because it's been grippy and kind of like cloudy.
And I guess the election has something to do with it.
You know, I had to contribute to that kind of morose feeling.
Anyway, we need...
It's my birthday and you think that we'd have a Mormon and a Orthodox Jew.
Those are the only two categories that are part of 12 people that have registered on our poll on our survey.
No Mormons and no Orthodox Jews.
What is with you people?
With you far-bison, man.
The busy, riding their motorcycles, the Mormons.
And what's your Orthodox Jews, excuse me, sound?
The busy lanes in Phillin?
I guess.
Maybe the busy making extra babies like the Catholics.
I don't know what that's called.
Listen to anti-Semites like you.
That would be good.
You know, something fine.
Caxle hoys, okay?
Caxle hoys and how about meeting a nice, doily beanie for you for your kids?
Because they wouldn't be immersed in life that way by everybody else.
You're making foot of our religion.
Yes.
Now you catch them on good.
Good.
I'm glad that if there's somebody in this country that's got the balls to come on here and do it.
In fact, that's the problem with a mainstream media.
They're scared, crapless of your religion.
Of your fairy tales.
Because it's bad for their business.
Oh, you can't not religion.
You're right.
Why the hell not?
Can not do anything else.
But not religion, baby, because it's just there.
You don't talk about these things.
That's the only hope you got.
Stop breaking down that walls of superstition and hope is focused.
That's where the focus ought to be.
Let's have a focus group.
WQA and hello.
God, Bill.
Yes, sir.
This is bad calling from Hallelujah.
The hurry is a bit.
And Honolulu?
Yeah, you sound beautiful on the internet.
No crackling, no popping.
I'll be damned.
No snapping either.
No, none of it, though.
Well, you guys really would grab out there anyway.
Oh, yeah, we did.
And you know, this being one of the food.
What about three most liberal states in the country?
There's 100 odds here.
We have no gambling whatsoever.
Yeah, but you don't need any gambling.
You've got to, what's more, what could you possibly need?
I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, when you live here, who cares, but it would be a good place to bring the new one.
It's all the tourists that go in and out of here every day.
Yeah, that's true, but man, you don't need anything else.
Unless something has changed because last time I was there, which is a few years ago,
why can't he be so crowded?
You couldn't even breathe there.
It was just jammed.
Well, the good news about that is that there is no more room for any more people.
So we're about plateaued here.
Well, you're lucky, man.
Just went and doubt keep him out.
Good luck, you've read.
It's beautiful to be back and nice to hear you on the internet.
Okay, I love hot bread.
Hello, how about it?
Say goodbye.
Did Cheney put that big layer around his neck to do many good?
No.
No, they got their ass kicked, no why.
Not that a fool those people out there in a why, man.
That's one of the reasons they go there is because there's out there in the middle of the Pacific.
There's Indian miles from anywhere, and they don't have to be like, feel the, you know,
they already went to their thing in Pearl Harbor, man.
They already made their sacrifice and now they just want to be left alone and enjoy that warm bread.
And Pacific and those nice trade winds, man.
You've never been there either?
No, no, it's on the way.
You've never been any place good.
Well, my tent is good.
It's not good.
Oh, no, no, good for nothing.
Yeah, good for nothing.
Good, golly.
It's not ever been anywhere good.
Well, you were in New York.
Right?
What's LA?
Boston?
Yeah, what do you mean LA?
What's good about LA?
It's not here.
Ooh, I don't know.
Speak Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese.
At least you pick it upon me anyway.
If you're right at home down there.
Yeah, they speak Mexican over there in Broward.
126 at 560.
Like I said, you pick it upon me.
Hey, I want to tell you right now, a pomp and a park is doing it.
That's right.
In fact, congratulations to all the people at Pompato and Cauter and Gulf Stream and Miami Highlight and the Dany Highlight and the Dog Track.
Flagler and Hollywood, right?
Right.
Because if you think gambling action is great right now, wait till they get the slots in here, they get the purses way up,
and it's going to be a fabulous thing, bringing all that money in for education.
Anyway, that's a separate thing.
I just have to do with the spark.
It's just my own editorial comment.
Audio horse racing fans and poker players, Pompato, Park Racing and Poker is all a gambling action you could want.
Located just a half mile from both I and I, 95 on the turnpike, Pompato Park is easy to get to invest of all.
Pompato Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day.
What's not to like?
Live harness racing in the poker room is open three nights a week now.
Every Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and tomorrow, every Saturday.
Poker starts in New England, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Saturday, Saturday, at 7.25pm.
And every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, our poker room features tournament action with special Texas Holdem
and seven card stud tournaments starting at noon.
No miss on Dollar Night's Wednesdays, draft year soda hot dogs and more just a bucket piece,
starting at 6pm every Wednesday at the track.
Pompato Park is also open for simul testing every day, seven days a night's a week with the best in harness racing,
thoroughbred racing and highlight action from all across North America, for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
And most important of all, mark this down on your wrist.
You're only about 45,000 minutes left until the first free spaghetti dinner night on Monday, December 6th, market down.
Pompato Park located a block south of Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road for that current racing schedule,
call 9.5.4.972.2000 or check them on your web at pumpinopark.com.
Don't forget live racing and poker Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post time, 7.25 at Pompato Park.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Pompato Park is a place where you can enjoy the ride, better ask your fellow important and actually vice.
Here's what Jackson County has done for the past few months practically it didn't have a rule of law in retrospect.
Hoping that you can work far and run a job for the past few month equally, and that you can just work to directly express your
Mormon like with nice white shirt and a black tie. To take home. Well, fondled
their magic underwear maybe clean it for them. That's not what I want them
wearing. Or for the costumes we have none. That's the only group out of 457
wickets. They're high and far and low. Maybe they're busy trimming their
beards right now, huh? Or maybe they're planning a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
Who the hell knows what they're doing? Or maybe like I said maybe they're knitting a nice
beanie for junior. 560 7 0 560 pound 560 and they've
rising in singular wireless lines. What a wonderful world this could be like Sam
Croft said. And even our carfaco 2 I think said the same thing
without all these bubble myses. How many QA and hello?
Two. Yes sir. How you doing buddy? All right Pally.
Listen what everybody's forgetting is that George Bush he's got a plan.
Yeah. He has to get a rid of abortion. How else is he going to get on all those
bodies for the 100 year more? He's got to say it.
Okay, you fight me. Do you write that down? I did. Okay.
WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Yeah. Yeah. Long time Democrat. Just getting seems like a little
frustrated. That's clear. That's a little
I say getting a little frustrated.
Long story to the young.
About getting a short end of the stick. What? Why? Why what?
Why are we losing? Because you're not not enough of you getting out there and
doing a baby for every one of those the right wing glimps and you've got to have
two of you just to make sure that they count
a once. That's why because they're mobilizing and
finitizing and dragging them out and schlepping them and chasing them down
the road. Did you see any of that footage in the last
couple hours when I had the polling places still open?
Yes. And they showed them chewing these people. I mean they called
they you got to hand it to them and then they then I mentioned his name
the other day Richard Vigory they dragged him out of the
mothballs from way back in the early days of the moral
majority in the Christian coalition all this other crap.
He was the first rocket scientist they had him and Paul
Rayrick to start with all these big mailing lists and
organized. I'll say it again back in the mid-70s these people were
considered the lunatic fringe and they were and they still are.
People laughed at them like that that you keep for playing them in the
times and you're right they laughed at them. We knew they were a
little bit dangerous but they were only we thought a few of them
and now they grow like some kind of a like a disease
like somebody's growing in a ptry they somewhere.
They're multiplying like crazy. Four
minute of these lunatics came out there on Tuesday because they
mutt they got on their phone they dread they shrugged
about there. Run like crazy now run or get
they about 20 seconds to get there if you're online you got your
moral count they got them all out and the rest of the
people were like literally you know sitting back counting
their marbles that's why WQA and hello
hello George yeah
where you call from?
here field. Here's your field Beach hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
Thank you.
Just call so thank you again for a minute before
and I want to give a shout to my good friend.
Okay.
567-0560.
05-60 on me Verizon's singular wireless line.
Too much of a shout out to his government or over that
was.
She went it out open a window and shouted out WQA and hello.
QAM.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Hey the speaker is a true Christian here.
All right.
God bless you my child.
I have a message for all the Republican Nazis out there.
Yes.
This is message one of many to come.
House from our kill.
Right.
And that should be the prime of message in Christianity.
So call me the moral minority.
Okay Pally. Good luck.
Don't forget moral values is where it's at now moral values.
Oh yeah.
Killin' innocent people with a bomb a grande.
That'll teach him.
We're going to make him an offer to camera fuse.
And you ain't seen nothing yet.
In fact, Kofi and I just said a urgent letter saying,
hey guess what if you start if you go ahead with
this balloon to the attack with us all out of self,
you're going to screw up that election in January.
It's never going to happen.
The insurgents are going to like multiply like like weeds
and it's going to be a nightmare.
But now that this guy's got this all this political
capital he talked about.
Carp was.
I read that article twice.
I read it again on election day and I read it
on the week before.
We talked about his daddy had all that political capital
he just wasted it.
And even in his little phony baloney press conference yesterday
which you won't see another one for six months at least,
he's got all this political capital he intends to use it.
So in other words basically what is he
going to go ahead and do whatever he wants.
It's his agenda now.
Plus the fact he's got this initial help in Congress.
Thanks for the fact that he's going out there on Tuesday.
That's why they won four more Senate seats.
That's why they got this triangle hold on both houses
in Congress.
And that's why when William Rankis croaks pretty soon
and everybody else they're going to put
another one of these right wing justices on there
and then you can bet your bottom dollar it's going to happen.
This crap about no litmus test my ass man.
The fetus huggers, the flat earth society.
They're the ones that are taking over your country.
I don't want to get all the whipped up to a frenzy now.
But that's what's happened.
And do we have an orthodox Jew yet or what?
We got an orthodox Jew.
Oh right.
I don't know if you have no way of verifying it.
It's a rich person.
Yeah.
We'll have to send the citizens police out there
just to make double sure.
OK?
Yeah.
The monitoring tape.
Yeah.
With a measuring tape to see how long they are.
483 votes.
And I hope that somebody who's really circumspect.
Of course, it seems like a little rush.
It's losing weight on 560 people.
What a joke.
There's sure to ping them on the break the battle for Saudi
Arabia.
They're going to show on Sunday on CNN eight o'clock.
They're showing it.
Of course, like I said the other day,
the week after the elections over that Sunday
about the barbarians over there are good close-up.
Personal friends banned our ocean.
I cried the world family.
Anyway, Michael Moore writes.
In the reason I played Monty Python, he says,
OK, it really sucks.
But before you go and cash it all in,
let's, in the words of Monty Python,
always look on the bright side of life.
There is some good news from today's election.
Here are 17 reasons not to slit your wrists.
One, it is against the law for George W.
Bush to run for president again.
Two, Bush's victory was the narrowest win for a sitting
president since Woodrow Wilson in 1916.
Three, the only age group in which the majority voted for
Kerry was Young Adults,
Kerry 54, Bush 44, proving once again that your parents
are always wrong and you should never listen to them.
Four, in spite of Bush's win, the majority of Americans
still think the country is headed in the wrong direction.
56% think the war wasn't worth fighting, 51%
and don't approve of the job George W. Bush is doing 52%.
Note the foreigners don't try to figure this one out.
It's an American thing like Pop Tarts.
Five, the Republicans will not have a filibuster
proof 60 seat majority in the Senate.
If the Democrats do their job,
Bush won't be able to pack the Supreme Court with right-wing
ideologues. Did I say if the Democrats do their job,
maybe better describe this one.
Six, Michigan voted for Kerry so did the entire
Northeast, the birthplace of our democracy,
so did six of the eight Great Lakes states,
and the whole West Coast plus or why.
Okay, that's the start.
We got most of the fresh water, all abroad,
and Mount St. Helens.
We can dehydrate them, or bury them in lava,
and no more show tunes.
Seven, once again, we're reminded that the Buckeye is a nut
and not just any old nut, a poisonous nut.
A great nation was spelled by a poisonous nut.
A Ohio state paid dearly this Saturday when it faces Michigan.
Eight, 88% of Bush's support came from white voters.
In 50 years, America will no longer have a white majority.
Hey, 50 years isn't such a long time.
If you're 10 years old and reading this,
your golden years will be truly golden,
and you'll be well cared for in your old age.
Nine, Gays, thanks to the ballot measures passed on too.
They cannot get married in 11 states.
Thank God, just think of all those wedding gifts we won't have to buy now.
Ten, five more African Americans were elected as members of Congress,
including the return of Cynthia McKinney of Georgia.
It's always good to have more blacks in there fighting for us
and doing the job our candidates can't.
11, the CEO of Cours was defeated for the Senate in Colorado.
Drink up.
12, admit it, we like to birth twins and we don't want them to go away.
13, at the state legislative level,
Democrats picked up a net of at least three chambers in Tuesday's elections.
Of the 98 partisan controlled state legislative chambers,
Democrats win over the 2004 elections in control of 44 chambers,
Republicans controlled 53 chambers and one was tied.
After two, they Democrats now control 47 Republicans, 49.
One chamber is tied and one chamber Montana is still on the side of the Montana House.
14, horses now at Lane Duck Presidents.
They'll have no greater moment than the one he's having this week.
It's all downhill for him from here on out,
and more significantly, he's not just going to want to do all the hard work that will be expected of him.
It'll bite the like everyone's last month and 12th grade.
You've already made it so it's party time.
Perhaps he'll treat the next four years like a permanent Friday,
spending even more time at the ranch or in Kenny Bunkport.
And why shouldn't he? He's already approved this point of
avenging his father and kicked our ass.
15, should Bush decide to show up to work and take this country down a very dark road.
It's also just as likely that either of the following two scenarios will happen.
A, now that he doesn't ever have to pander to the Christian conservatives again to get elected,
someone may whisper in his ear that he should spend these last four years building a legacy
so that history will render a kind of verdict on him, and thus will not push
for too aggressive a right-wing agenda.
Or B, he'll become so cocky and arrogant and thus reckless,
that he'll commit a blunder of such major proportion that even his own party will have to
remove him from office. 16, there are nearly 300 million Americans, 200 million of them voting
age. We lost by only three and a half million. That's not a landslide. It means we're almost there.
Imagine losing by 20 million. If you have 58 yards to go before you reach the goal line and
build 55 yards down 55 of those yards, we just stop on the three-yard line, pick up the ball and go
home crying, especially when you get to start the next series of downs on the three-yard line.
Of course not. Bokop have hoped more sports and allergies are coming.
And 17, finally and most importantly over 55 million Americans voted for the candidate,
dubbed the number one liberal in the Senate. That's more than the total number of voters
voted for either Reagan, Bush one, Clinton or Gore. Again, more people voted for Kerry than for Reagan.
If the media are looking for a trend, it should be this. That so many Americans were for the first
time since Kennedy voting to vote for an out and out liberal. The country always has been filled
with evangelicals. That's not news. What is news is that so many people have shifted toward a
Massachusetts liberal. In fact, that's big news. Which means don't expect the mainstream media,
the ones who brought you the Iraq War, to ever report the real truth about November 2nd, 2004.
In fact, it's better that they don't. We need the element of surprise in 2008.
Feeding better, I hope so, as my friend and more wrote me yesterday,
I remain in grandfather used to say to me, remember, Warton, this is such a wonderful country.
It doesn't even need a president. But it needs us. Rest up, I'll write you again tomorrow,
since Michael Moore. All right. Good stuff. Thanks to the call that reminded me to look that up,
and I did. And there it is. 5.670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in
setting the wireless lines. WQA, and hello. Hi, this is my media from Miami Florida.
Yes, ma'am. I like to tell you something. I'm probably the only Cuban Democrat in the whole
wider world here in the world. All right. I'm just telling you, I think this is the last
of all the Democrats that you have to get their own hands in creating an order,
all media for everybody listening to the other side of the story.
And the other thing, this again, money is to get in those clothes,
ballet machines with the receipts on it on everybody, from they cannot hack in it,
like they do with computers. That's why I don't think they hacked it out, right?
Yeah, that's right. So I just felt, thank you for being there.
So everybody listen to the other side of the story.
Okay, so we're hanging there. Bye bye.
Bye bye. What's he saying? 5.6705. Now she did a good job.
She was saying her things. She's a Cuban Democrat. She's the one.
God, that's what they didn't first that call.
WQA, and hello. Neil, yes, sir. Happy birthday.
Thank you. We should do the best, sir. Thank you for everything.
You know, after listening to you all day, I've been thinking how they used to
how they used the word liberal as a bad word towards anybody who's just a free finger,
easy gore. You start calling people worshippers as the bad word in turn to those.
I like the flat earthers, I think, as it is a good term, the flat earth crowd.
It is. And the weapons of mass destruction that we were never able to find actually in Iraq,
they're out here. Everybody's got to lose these now, remember?
That's right. That's right. Forget about looking for them in Iraq, man.
They're on every street corner. That's not a man.
I'll cover. Have a great one. Thank you very much.
As they say, an afflac duck. The fuck, I think you're pardoned.
Let's see now, what do we got on this floor? We got agnostic,
so Catholic, satius, Jews, the evolved varieties and shapes and sizes with the big noses.
538, the people to register. We got one Mormon.
Oh, look at this. We got a pair of Orthodox Jews.
Oh, all right. You are the same to Neil.
What about the white babies?
Double, double.
On 566, the QA.
Were you drenched back in?
State, stay, stay, stay high.
Now all us red horizon cells.
For sex your thing is you would at least me
Because all us red cancer prepares in cells,
Now I'm my only uncle and worries me
Ooh, my kid has dirt took me with her
Back to her double wide
What a deal, ain't got no wheels
An incisor like something died
He's my cheek and wink her eyes
And we're all alone in the house
But I guess it's when she beat me a kiss
And you until back of her mouth
All was red next door loving says
For the wounds
Because thanks to a saint who doesn't rest his family
Because all was red next practice and says
That's the girl named my new wife, she's my niece
I just got me a farm with horses
Chickens, cows and pigs
A four by four necked eye adores
With tires and her two damn beds
The rear window it has a gun wrap
That's where I keep my gun
Ripple flag and a wife and a back
And my neck is right from to the side
All was red next door loving says
For the wounds
Because thanks to a saint who doesn't rest his family
Because all was red next practice and says
My sister is the one over there
The dirty niece
And her children is hard to chew
She got the nicest you
And don't like the way my daddy is
Watching me
Or
He's the interim president of Afghanistan
He got the job from the American
He's got a short beard and a whiz of free hat
And George Bush thinks that he is
All that he is common
How this car's eyes
He has any cooler than we hope doesn't die
He's common
He has real Superman
He tells the US government on time
I read the Dailyvenge
My baby
I want to stop you
You're a crosser
You're a crosser
My only fault is you
Be a friend
You understand to be a stopper
Of everyone
