Excuse me, the same father.
What is it my child?
He has something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
No, no.
I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simpleness deed.
Very well.
I am.
I am pregnant.
No, I see that.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married...
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors
I will stone you today.
My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Did you check it in?
Yes, only the ground is.
No, no, no.
The ground is not water.
I must let you stone.
It's the first time.
The focus is on a fundamentalist, Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
This is my wife.
Oh, I have something to tell you.
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
I'll put it back, y'all, to collect him stone.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be miserable.
You'll be covered with the lives of the fuck night probably.
And they'll be over for many problems and it'll take them.
May I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my esteemed father.
You'll be glad to have a pleasant evening with your little brothers.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row.
You are one lucky boy.
What a guy, damn sheyay.
The guiding sheyay, just on a location in Baghdad.
522, ought to be shot.
I'm trying to whoever put together that MNS, NBC, abortion,
if you went last night, that was the worst between 7 a.m.
was there anybody else out there who saw that?
No.
I sure hope not.
I bet you if anybody else saw that everybody committed suicide.
The worst hour of television in history.
Even when we were on Wami, that abortion they put on a TV show,
that was any award winning compared to that hour last night.
Nice going Chris, Chris Matthews.
And basically, at least we had some crowd noise or something.
Yep.
Chris, we were all to make some noise.
You know, like that.
I got to play.
Yeah.
You know, I used to hear a word on the scene.
Okay, that's enough.
Kind of like that.
And then of course we had the UN band there in a bunch of flute players and,
oh, brother, making a lot of rocket noise.
They look out on TV, calling their friends on their cell phones,
letting everybody know they were on TV.
It was embarrassing.
We got the big debates tonight.
Oh, right.
And some of the polls are really tightening up.
Carey actually among likely voters is they had no Ohio.
Pennsylvania.
Florida, he's narrowed it to like a couple of points.
It's getting tight, which is pretty interesting.
And some of those are gallop holes, by the way, which overweights the Republicans.
Maybe we could be in for a November surprise, you think?
I think we can only pray.
Anyway, and then of course Donna Shalaley, they brought her out there.
Man, oh, man.
What a piece of work.
And here's somebody who served in a Clinton cabinet,
but she wants to make sure that she doesn't need much.
She says, well, we have to make sure we secure the future for our young people
and we have a better world of living.
But she doesn't want to go out and live in endorse anybody or make any political.
That statement, you want to know why?
Why?
She don't have the balls.
I have that problem with our billboards and the balls.
She don't like balls.
I've said there's something else she likes, but she don't like balls, old Donna Shalaley.
She is pathetic.
So anyway, the thing that I felt most interesting was Chris Matthews asked the crowd
and there were quite a few punks there.
You win.
Who they were supporting.
And most of them said they were voting.
Well, we'll believe it when we see it.
But in the Bushmeister, what you'd expect are pretty...
And a lot of booing, though, when those people were screaming the on,
and then when they went, how many of you for Carrie?
It was Rockus and her screaming, Carrie.
And then Chris Matthews turned to the camera and says,
well, it's pretty obvious the president won that one.
I'm thinking, what is that?
You know?
Tip O'Neill is turning over to his grade, Chris.
What are you talking about?
You're simple than you idiot you.
And then he had a...
Who that was on it with Orrin Hatch?
Trying to think of who else was on it.
He was asking them these insipid questions about the...
It was Tony Blair Caveman on the British hostage and released the two Iraqi prisoners.
Oh, man, and then Orrin Hatch did have any idea what he was talking about.
It was just so embarrassing.
It was the worst hour of television industry.
No one would nobody watches MSNBC.
God.
Man, it was pathetic.
Bad news, delarac.
Suspected insurgents lost deadly carbom attacks.
Thirsty and vagabonded, killing at least 45 people, including one American, by the way.
American soldier.
And wounding scores more in operations aimed at Iraqi government targets.
Everything's under control, don't you think?
That's right, right on schedule.
Yeah, courted accomplished.
Obviously, seeing a major onslaught by the terrorist on Baghdad and some of the Iraqi cities
that are underimdefeated Prime Minister Bar-Ham Saleh, speaking to reporters,
the attacks came as US military officials noted a record number of carbom attacks for the month of September.
In a radio interview, Defense Secretary Donald Herrmann, gering rumours felt acknowledged the violence in Iraq is getting worse.
And said he expected to increase in the country as the elections approached.
Most of the casualties occurred in Western Baghdad where 42 were killed, 137 injured.
It's a bloodbath.
It's a nightmare.
We're doing it, baby.
We sure want four more years of this, don't we?
Right.
Anyway, here's the result from yesterday's pool.
By the way, nice job, Clarence, I'm getting back to me with that answer we've been waiting for five days about nice work, baby.
You're on top of it.
Don't come back again.
Here's the pool question.
What do you miss most about the, oh, that's yesterday's pool?
Oh, that's right.
This one, I'm reading yesterday's pool results.
See, I'm under a lot of stress.
And then we got that stupid ass phone reunion in the back on the facts machine.
What is that all about?
Where did that start today?
Where did that European sound?
I don't know.
It just keeps refaxing and I got a bun pointed.
Yeah, it's on your end for sure.
Okay, just unplug it and the un-buck plug it.
What do you miss most about the 60s?
That was our pool question yesterday.
17, 17 votes.
Wasn't born yet 380, only 22.1%.
That's not a very good sign.
What else does aging demographics on the O'Rourke's, you know?
My youth 209, if we had to put that under the beginning, that would have won.
The music 207, the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Motown, all these things.
Democrats with balls, 179, which leaves out Donna Shalili, or sorry Donna,
sorry we put that on the pool.
It's very insensitive and grotesque and disgusting.
Democrats with balls.
The 659, hippie chicks 130, white athletes 87.
Yeah, back in the 60s there were actually a few of them.
About 30 men.
Keep gas 84, the drugs, the drugs 59, a real free press 53.
Suggreation 52, racist bastards out there who at least are honestly expressing their hostility toward dark folks.
Jack and Bobby 47, good radio 45, which we had a very bad story about radio come up momentarily about.
Very famous person out here that everybody knew and loved, didn't they?
You never even heard of them, did you?
No.
Premapsed gas stations 14 and edible fast food 12, which we still don't know what that means, edible fast food.
So we have any idea what that means?
No.
Okay, we got a couple of celebrity deaths that we'll get to and then of course today is pooled in about 5,000.
It's good that we got some extra time today because they got a big pile today.
You ready for that?
Okay.
I am.
I got a huge pile.
You're a huge pile.
It is so big.
I wonder how many dumps we had.
I could cause I never get here the on here, but there was last few minutes of the Stern show there.
When we were doing that, Richie Simmons stuff, I wonder how many times the magic finger, dust magic finger was like flipping and the flamping?
I would think so.
28 past 10 at 560 WDQM right now as I speak Armstrong for to homestay, but I'd like to clear their locks and sell off all remaining O4s on the lot.
Here are just some of the great deals.
An O4 F-150 pickup.
You paid just a buck over invoice at Armstrong Ford.
You know, O4 explores you paid just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vakes, Tourists, and Focuses all waiting for you.
Exist one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Ford homestay.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its loyal customers.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's right.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't even stop there either because right now they'll give you a free floor to some pass with any vehicle you be buying.
If you press for time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is right.
It will also call them and shop right over the phone.
Call 305-247-5112.
That's 305-247-512.
They'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you.
Armstrong Ford homestay, they're locally owned and operated at a treat you just like family and I guarantee you, I bet your clerics is life-fondly, you won't get a better deal on afford anywhere.
No bait and switch, no phony deals, unbeatable service and deals waiting for you at Armstrong Ford of Homestay with 307-25 South-Tixi Highway.
You'll find them just 20 easy minutes out to the 836.
Check them out on the web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then grab a little and save hundreds, maybe thousands on your great new Ford only, from Armstrong Ford of Homestay.
We're about 10 years too late, yeah, that went things were great.
Clinton was president, OJ was innocent, but we could still be friends and we could then put it in barely at an internet.
And there was no spam yet, never heard about being locked.
Whilst people got into the black, we still care about Madonna, and not about thing at times.
Now all that great news is that you could take your pain, like it was said from God, no cell phone, no ringtone, no.
I've honestly no wages or movies that brandy wasn't cutie.
There was a land as far as that, and you just risk from love and to bump in.
We're smashing the fetus' cracking cash in for nothing but feels righteous.
1919, 1990, oh.
1990, oh.
No more rio and Whitney, they beat the pants up, Whitney.
We still had some features, but also there was with her in the ring, and no beats, be Hawkins.
Yes, she was, but we're talking, I wonder if she survived.
1919, 1995.
Listen, I want to be disagreeable.
Mariah and Whitney, the idea that they beat the pants up, Whitney, give me a break, huh?
Is that pathetic or what?
Don't concur.
Anyway, speaking of behind the beaten curtain today, we've got Annika Walters, that how you say her name?
I suppose she's a crowd.
Annika Walters, she's a diver, Lady Diver, Lady Grudiver, and she's got her silver medal on there between her bosoms, behind the beaten curtain.
So take a few, look at that.
If you dare, on the good news is, well, let's get to the death spurs before the good news.
Let's get this out of the way.
You don't even know about this one, I don't think.
Is Zora Rhodes Armsted?
Huh?
Take to it, you are so far behind the time, Mr.
Is Zora Rhodes Armsted, who sang the 1980s dance club hit its reigning men as half of the wedding girls has died.
Her age was unknown.
What?
She though Martha wash.
Armsted, who along with partner Martha wash, started out as background singers for San Francisco disco diva silvester before forming the wedding girls, died on September 16th.
Their news is a little slogan around.
Of Hart failure at a hospital in San Leandro, by 20 miles east of San Francisco, Armsted and wash, who met when they were sang in the San Gospel group, were known as the two tons of fun when they sang on four silvester albums, including number one club hits dance disco heat, and you make me feel mighty real.
Actually, in so much of the made three albums is the wedding girl before splitting up, and I guess then they kind of were washed up.
What are the albums success feature of the 1983 song its reigning men, co-written by you, never believe it.
Let me give you a clue.
Fallheaded band leader, late night TV, Paul Schaefer.
Yeah, looks like a swimmer, but he has a wife, you know.
Yeah, well, he wrote that song.
Our late show band leader, Paul Schaefer, which was a number one dance club hit.
It's reigning man, but you won't see her no more.
Well, what a shame.
And another celebrity, death.
A lot of the New Yorkers out there will know who this is, of course.
FUNY SCOT MEUNY.
New York Radio Legend, Scott MUNY has died, officially known as Scotso, and the Professor of Rock and Roll.
UNICE MARATHON RUN IN THE YORK BEGIN in the late 50's at WMCA, hit most recently, been hosting a one hour lunchtime show on W on Q104.3.
UNICE was 74.
Wow.
That's fairly young by Florida standards, wouldn't you say?
Little bit.
But he wasn't in Florida, maybe that was the problem.
One of UNICE's earliest radio jobs, time and repricing Alan Fried, or was that Alan Fraud at WAKR in Akron, Ohio.
His New Year in New York years included a skid at WABC during, now why does it say a stint?
He was there a long time.
At WABC during the onset of B. Olmania, but he was best known for his 31 years at WNEWFM, or his program director,
MUNY was credited with turning WNEW into one of the country's first progressive rock radio stations.
Rock, rock radio stations.
Let me turn that again.
Rock radio stations.
UNICE hosted a count of syndicated radio programs and his gravity voice was featured in a rule-aids commercial, how do you spell relief,
as well as in promotional announcements for ABC's Monday Night Football.
He survived by a second wife and five children, and you'll never guess who I saw in biography again last night.
Talk about coincidence, talk about psychic premonitions.
Dave Thomas.
Right, exactly.
Well, is that amazing or what?
That is amazing.
I always check on there at the top of every hour if I'm bored of death, which I usually am watching TV,
and see what they got on there.
And it's usually something pretty interesting.
Even when I'd seen that only a few weeks ago, I watched it again just because we were talking about Dave Thomas,
and Wendy's, and how much everybody liked him and admired him, and how he didn't graduate high school.
And he got his GED from Coconut Creek High, and it was a very emotional thing.
And he was adopted as a kid, and so he started that whole thing about encouraging people to adopt children.
It was great. He was a good guy.
But he had to see what I didn't realize, and I'd forgotten from the first time I saw that.
Was that he had acquired a ruble bypass?
He had an ooooh!
A cloud from eating all that Wendy's, all that fat.
See, that's what makes Wendy so good is that their burgers, hopefully, if they're making them right away,
that Dave Thomas would insist that they make him if he were still alive, which he's not.
But it's an ice and juicy.
Uh-huh.
Because that would be...
Huh?
Well, the thing with Wendy's juicy.
Right.
Right.
And of course that means that they're fat.
They had a higher fat plant, and then they put it in the burger, which is like a good dry out burger.
Right.
So it was sugar.
But he was...
Well, it's not to like me.
It's a great, but it certainly will.
Kidney has a viox doesn't kill you first.
Oh man, what I would like to say about pill doctors, you have no idea.
I'd like to spend the whole rest of the show on pill doctors, because it's the detail man out there.
And if you work at an industry, we have many of them who listen to this show.
Uh-uh.
You know what it's all about.
You know, it's like peola.
It's the same thing, right?
And they kind of like clamp down a little bit.
They can't make it quite as flagrant as they used to.
But it's still the trips and the TV sets and all the other stuff,
for giving out our crap and poisoning your patients, killing them because
murk and all these other companies, Eli Lilly, they want to make a lot of money.
And Bayer, of course, killing as many people as possible with their great drugs.
And one of my pill doctors down there, I won't mention the name for obvious reasons,
but he actually gave me some viox some not too many years ago.
What do you remember reading?
Taking at home reading the prescription insert and it said,
if you have high blood pressure, you take this, you're going to die.
Something like that.
He had bothered reading the prescription insert.
And so I stopped taking it.
Luckily, what's it for?
It's our threat to Spain.
I see it.
Drug maker, a murk and company announced it's immediate voluntary worldwide withdrawal.
Today, if it's our threat, it's drug viox.
Oh my god.
You're taking viox, went and out, toss it out.
The White House Station New Jersey based drug maker said in the red...
I've never heard that before.
Did you, White House Station, New Jersey?
Nope.
It must be a toilet.
I mean, they made me want to put a city in New Jersey that isn't a piece of crap.
I could only wait for 50 people to live like Angle Water Tenderfly.
They were like Newark.
Oh, man, what a sewer, and Trenton.
Holy cow, how many white people live in Trenton?
But third, man.
What a place that is, man.
And of course Atlantic City.
Unless you walk outside the casino, you're lucky if you're still alive.
If you get to your car, I'll never forget my one trip to Atlantic City.
This is the truth.
This is many years ago, but I'm from what I hear and ain't no better.
And I'm in the casino losing my ass as usual.
And I walked and I had parked in the apartment garage, you know, free parking.
And I remember the walk into the parking garage, and you know how you see like in some of these mystery shows and cop shows.
And there are always these scenes in parking garages where people are being chased and they're like being hunted down and killed.
And it was that feeling, the feeling of death, the feeling of impending people back.
Oh, that's true.
I couldn't get to my car, my red car fast enough.
It was just unbelievable.
Anyway, get back to this.
The White House Station New Jersey based drug maker, Merck, said in a release today, the decision is based on a three-year colon cancer clinical trial that showed the drug raised the risk of cardiovascular complications.
Oh, I see.
In patients who've been taking the drug beginning after 18 months of the cancer treatment.
Shares of Merck fell 21% in pre-market trading on the INET electronic brokerage.
For all you suckers out there, they keep gambling your money away.
Merck also likes its four-year earnings estimates saying it expects viruses withdrawal the negatively impact earnings per share by 50 to 60 cents a share.
Prior to today's announcement, the company of forecast profit for the four-year between 311 to 317 a share, yada yada yada yada.
This is a major blow for Merck because Vios was one of their five key drugs said seen a lung analyst with Kathy Financial.
The implications of this are now that the company will have to depend on lesser drugs to boost sales.
Well, they'll have to come up with some new poisons to kill you poor innocent bastards out there that your doctors are encouraging at random those prescriptions for like crazy, like candy, like sugar pills.
Oh, yeah, take this. It's good for you.
Now, let's see how many trips do I get for that?
You're all about your killers out there.
90% of the doctors belong behind bars. I'm telling you that right freaking now.
Okay? I don't want to get melodramatic about it.
Here's today's poll.
See that thing about permigians. I'm not going to waste my time with it. Especially after the day I had yesterday with this place.
I don't, I'm a permanent emergent now.
This is an impossible place.
Koyam.
That's for crusty.
Yeah, I'm extra crusty. That's right.
Extra crispy and extra crusty. It's impossible.
So I'm just doing the best I can like I do every day doing a fine job and that's all we can do on the show.
Because we're dealing with a much crazy people who have no chaos, no mindfulness, no way you know as the Chinese say.
Here's the poll question that they have to look at an anica Walter and a thing between her boobies.
What do you miss most about the 70s?
What we did the 60s yesterday and Sean had said that he didn't send me as many choices for the 70s as he did for the 60s.
Right.
Wasn't born yet.
Well, let's see. 79 is about 25 years ago.
So we certainly we have some people not too many. We have some under that page.
TV cop shows hated by George, but loved by most of us.
And there were so many.
Sex with total strangers, which was very big in the 70s.
I don't miss that.
Gays still in the.
Gays still in the closet or the music like disco, which everybody loved, but everybody you know is afraid to admit.
Pretend that although it's back and gone again.
Yeah, back and gone again.
In fact, we already got some votes on the pool and maybe we'll have some more suggestions about some things from the 70s, which to be honest with you.
But I don't know if the 70s was really that much of a the 60s was very described and very right.
And like the and after the 60s, I don't know if any decade has really had all that much defining.
Except maybe the current decade with the Bush and all this fascism and all this other idiotic crap that they had.
Anyway, 69 votes.
What do you miss most about the 70s?
The music 25 sex with total strangers 24 of all.
We'll give you some we'll give you some pointers.
Listen to your math.
Colin Powell's got a math.
He'll show you where the action is.
Gays still in the closet nine.
Wasn't born yet seven and TV capture was four.
There got to be some more choices for that.
When you think must be WDQ and hello.
You forgot team after charity.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
On channel six right now, you have to throw us a code about maybe my final six right now a year or two years of training.
They decided to name up on this.
They were for people for copy razors with a you know the voice with the dog.
And then they he's there with the scene.
Oh, you know, not like land.
I get the dog.
Oh, you have.
I'm there.
So Florida today.
I have always said and this is the this is the f'ing truth.
You could leave that time for 20 years.
Maybe even.
And come back in the same trolls, the same misfits, the same pains in the ass, the same old.
Chronics are still around.
You know, it's Bob Poonston, blind Mike and of course, silly ass Gilbert, and all of the same old tired.
Oh my god.
My God.
My plants.
You would love his beautiful black lab.
I don't know what I hear about.
I don't know.
I hear nothing about my plants.
So I can see his my my my.
That is disgusting.
WQ and hello.
Hey, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Hey, did you see the Forbes 400 list today of the companies?
No.
Well, if you look through it, you'll see Chevron and all these others.
Just just the first one I looked at with Chevron, he did like $38 billion in retro.
Well, Tronics, I'm sure it's pleased you're that.
Yeah, and that nine billion net profits.
All right.
Why can't they cut that down to four and a half billion profit cut our cost of gas and gas.
Hey, listen, just spend over and enjoy it, man.
You got it, buddy.
Bye.
Okay, sir.
That's right.
Just put your more Howard David it.
Okay, put your pants down to your ankles, bend over and put a big smile on your face.
That's all I can tell you.
Record profits.
Yeah, but we got these problems over there in Nigeria and we got these problems over in here and there.
Any Iraqi pipeline they keep blowing up and all of this other crap.
And the meantime, they're making record profits.
They are raping the public, raping the public.
Everybody's all companies just absolutely sticking it with a moonrode shine.
I'm not talking about that gas hose either.
I'm talking about well.
Oh, speaking of that, Statue of Jesus washes up in Texas.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Monterey, Mexico is all washed up.
He's all washed up for Jesus.
Well, you know something based on that Mel Gibson movie I think he could use a good band.
It is, right?
Wash some of that off here.
Will you please?
Can you imagine what they smell like back in that day?
I don't want to imagine.
I lately have been talking a lot about people being offended by people who stink.
What's there are a lot of them.
I have no room in my life for people that smell bad.
There's no excuse for it.
But back in that day when they before they had like really a deodorant and you know, aqua valley all smell.
Or old spice for people with no taste whatsoever.
Anybody that wears old spice?
They're old.
Anybody that wears old spice should be shot.
Anybody that's got a cell phone and using it out in public should be shot.
Can you imagine how we could decrease the surplus population real fast?
Right.
A fiberglass statue of Jesus that washed up on a sand bar when the Rio Grand Prix weeks ago
is attracting scores of devout pilgrims to a police department lost and found and being hailed as a miracle.
It's kind of like my show it up here this morning after yesterday.
It's a miracle.
Police in evil past Texas set up to 40 people that are coming to pay homage to the five foot tall figurine known as the Christ of the undocumented,
which was found by US Border Patrol agents in the river.
The Christ of the undocumented.
Okay.
Hey, don't be mess around with Jesus, baby.
Jesus Christ.
Some come to pray and some come just to touch it.
Really?
Well, that's what Moths said.
He sends them some good on their knees to pray.
And some get on their knees just a police lieutenant Daniel Morales said by telephone on Monday.
We have never experienced anything like this before.
Impritus is growing by the day.
I mean, this is going to put that Toteinos pizza with a picture of the Virgin Mary on it to shame.
And of course, Poirosa Lopez, the 13th of the month past and we didn't even have any news about Rosalope as in Hollywood
and the Virgin Mary making her monthly visit.
The border city of Monterey, which lies opposite Piedras Negroes in Northern Mexico, has a large Mexican community.
Oh, no, this is Eagle Pass, Texas.
Excuse me.
Many arrived illegally by way of the river and most are developed at Roman Catholic.
So that's what you tell you.
Oh, you need to know.
They got all their beads and their chakis.
Morales said the lifelike statue went, which turned up with a, without a crucifix base, would probably be given with church and a border city if no one came forward to claim it within 90 days.
Well, I think somebody ought to go down there to Eagle Pass, Texas and claim that the statue of Christ of the undocumented.
That'd be worth something someday, you think?
Well, maybe.
I'd go down there to grab it right now.
I don't think we got the big debate nine o'clock tonight.
All the talking head networks are going to be televised, if they commercial networks are going to be televised.
And we're already being told ahead of time it's going to be this, it's going to be that.
Curie's going to be good, he's going to be bad, Bush is going to be, you know, and it's going to be nothing.
It's really what it's going to be.
But I'll get to that in a little bit about why the debate is just a joke.
In fact, Eric Burman's got a really great calm debunking the debates.
The whole format precludes any possibility of any meaningful exchanges or anybody really learning anything.
Because once again, the Democrats ruled over and just spread their legs and said, okay, have a good time.
When it came to setting up the format for these debates, the finalist, weak, lame ass Democratic party.
They're just poor Donish, a layman.
She was born in the wrong era.
She should have been born right about now because all those days when people had balls, especially Democrats, they're gone.
She wouldn't have had a worry about it.
But she was back.
She was doing her thing back in the 60s and 70s.
And of course, I'm not really sure what I was doing, but I think I got a pretty good idea, Donna.
Perfect.
Her thing, yeah.
Nobody else would.
Judge Rules Against Patriot Activision.
Here's some good news.
I don't want to hear a whole bunch of bad news. Here's some good news today.
All right.
A key part of the Patriot Act, the central plaque of the Bush Administration's War on Terror, was ruled unconstitutional by a federal judge yesterday.
The latest blow to U.S. security policies.
U.S. District's Judge Victor Marreo ruled in favor of the American Civil Liberties Union, the ACL and U, which challenges the power of the FBI, has to demand confidential financial records from companies that can obtain without court approval as part of terrorism investigations.
The legislation bars companies and other recipients of these subpoenas from ever revealing that they received the FBI demand for records.
Marreo held that this permanent ban was a violation of free speech rights. Remember what those were?
Nope.
Free speech rights.
Boy, back in the day it was really great.
When we had free speech, that was before the era of the Bushmeister, before the new Nazis came back, the neo-Nazis, whatever the hell they are, the neo-conz.
In his ruling, Marreo provaded the Department of Justice and FBI, from issuing special administrative subpoenas known as national security letters, but he delayed enforcement of the judgment, pending an expected appeal by the government, the Department of Justice said it was reviewing the ruling.
The ruling was the latest blow to the Bush administration's anti-terrorism policies in June, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that terrorist suspects being held in U.S. facilities like Guantanamo-Becuba can use the American judicial system to challenge their confinement.
That ruling was a defeat for the president's assertion of sweeping powers to hold enemy combatants indefinitely after the United-Lover attacks.
Sweeping powers, I'm in charge here. You know, they started goose-depping. It's kind of strange here that African-Cropper Texas is talking like that of heavy-trim and action.
Y'all.
Here is the greatest story of my lifetime right now, even better than Mike Lance being on Channel 6 with Little Body Mayor.
This is the best New York Daily News reports. Oh, this is so sweet.
Perennial Republican candidate Alan Keys, told here that the Bible thumper of the whole bunch man, he makes Bush left over an atheist.
This time running for the U.S. Senate and seat Illinois only training by about 150 points against Barack Obama has made a crystal clear that he has no use for gay people.
Keys recently transvised presidential daughter Mary Cheney and Evoud Lesbian is a selfish hedonist after claiming that gay marriage is based simply on the premise of selfish hedonism.
So it came as no small irony yesterday. Oh, this story I'm going to squeeze my kneecaps. I'm just so excited about this because it's always the case. What have I always told this audience?
The people who point the fingers the most, check them out immediately. Open that skeleton and during the 8,000 skeletons popping out.
Here's two right there.
It came as no small irony yesterday when a cluster of political websites, including the well-known blog, Wankette.com, suggested that Keys 19-year-old daughter Maya has her self come out as a lesbian.
How do you like that? The evidence? What appears to be Maya Keys own personal blog chronicling life as the lesbian daughter of a prove that social conservative. That's a pretty good example when you say it.
Yeah, just a little piece of we got to get in Shiloh Comes and stories of hearsay.
Poor Connie Lies.
She writes he has been campaigning around the clock to make sure that people like yours truly will never be able to enjoy the same benefits he already has, the apparent Keys blog states.
Sometimes I cannot believe I'm related to this man. Ha ha. I'm sure he feels the same way about me. Ha ha.
Yesterday Keys campaigned press secretary Connie here told me that the candidate would have no comment until he personally and publicly addressed the issue which he planned to do during a campaign appearance last night at a Methodist Church in Grove Illinois.
All I'm doing is passing that information here at it. It's my day off. Ha ha ha. In other words, we got him by the short hairs. That is something.
Maya Keys couldn't be reached for comment yesterday, but an apparent excerpt of her web journal posted on the dailycost.com site, right?
I was out at lunch at Chili's with my dad and his aide and our adorable Jay Wader stuff me.
When I was coming out of the bathroom to say how much you liked my bright rainbow bracelets.
He then told me he understood how hard it could be being queer in a conservative family and I should hang in there.
Then again today in Naperville some random queer boy in passing shook my hand and told me that lots of us are pulling for you. Be strong, be proud.
Gay G.O.P. supporter Patrick Ross, president of the Chicago chapter of the log cabin self-hating our Fag Republicans told me yesterday.
These statements regarding Gays and Lesbians by Keys have been hurtful and painful to Illinois Gays and Lesbians and their families.
We strongly oppose Alan Keys' Senate candidacy. The daily cost site meanwhile noted if this is a hoax and a very well-could-be it's a pretty good one.
So we got to check that out. You think it's a hoax? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. In fact don't you think you ought to be checking that out daily KOS.com.
While I'm sitting here doing a radio show. Maybe they'll check that out when it does. Just let's see if we can follow through.
If it turns out to be, I would say it's about 95% based on this in New York Daily News. But if it turns out to be 100% or maybe even 110% accurate, what an embarrassed man.
Once again, you know, just like Dick and a Kenny and Lynn Cheney with her lesbian novels that she wrote back in the 80s.
Oh, give me a break already. Are you phony baloney's man? You finger pointing Bible thumping. Jack holes man. You're bunch of idiots.
I have no space in my life or idiots anymore. Clarence. By the way, you come back in there with Envo.
You know, there's some people who got it and there's some people who not only don't have it, but they're never going to give it.
I just mentioned that in passing. There's something random thoughts of a sick twisted mind.
How's that pool coming? 126 votes. What do you miss most about the 70s? Sex with Total Strangers 46. The music 43 like the doors and disco and what else?
All that good rock. Like like all the stones were still going on. The guests who were still going on. You know, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Terry's over for the 60s. Okay. The music 43. Gays still in the clans of 14 wasn't born yet. 13 TV cops.
10 out of the first 126 vote. 10 56. Q and the schedule looks like this. You managed it to thank over four o'clock.
The Humper's back. Hopefully for more than a couple of weeks this time. Hopper from 4630. Marlins on deck at 630. Marlins at the Phillies 705 and Josh Cortis in
I tell you yesterday I tried to tell you that I believed and very strongly and for once in my life I was right. That was the last game in Montreal.
Exposed home history at least for the time being. Yeah. And they closed with the next.
The close on the road. So that was the last home game of the season and the last game every Montreal.
Let's again, new team which they might in a couple years because they keep doing that over and over again.
Making the same mistakes like in hockey. Here's this piece of copy. By the way, that's got the last part of it missing and
trying to have for refuses adamantly to update it and correct it and do anything about it.
Even though we don't need this help to miss this nice and then passing as part of a schlock on beyond secure.
If you find yourself looking in the mirror and think and maybe you could be doing a lot better if you took care of that hair loss.
If you didn't look like a walking bowling ball and get to that phone right now and call the best in the business.
My good buddy, Chuck Altheary Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous. Look there best for over 25 years.
It says here, but this copies five years old. So now I would say it's probably more like.
But you wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Charlie created the best most natural assistant in the business.
The most critical area of any hair system like I've told you for years is the hairline and Charlie's skin like hair system is 100% undetectable.
The hair looks like it's grown right on your scalp as opposed to a farm animal dying on your head.
Charlie, his work is guaranteed. Try a system for 30 days for about a month.
But 30 man. After a month or you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells just returning to your money back. No obligation at all.
Make that call today. Tell Charlie heard about it here on the New Yorkers show. Get your special $200 Q&D discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system.
The secret to a great hair system is make sure nobody can tell you're wearing one and Charlie's new skin like hair system is as natural as it gets.
So look better and hell of a lot longer the younger and longer than you ever dreamed you could again. Maybe even get a little action for once.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800 or just positive because that's where it ends. 3-21-2413 around the wicked web is Charles Alphierry.com.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Welcome
She wasn't a
She wasn't a
She wasn't a
She was a
Ha
Hey
It's about to expire, when the animal's home says you're fired.
Carrelling and George are sitting by his side, presumed so my mood is gonna take a taxi ride.
You said you feel bad for them, but you know you're a liar.
As we all love, you're a liar.
You're a liar.
You are so a liar.
I'm so stupid.
I hear you're a liar.
It was a tough one, but you're a liar.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQF Happy Thursday.
The sun is shining, the birds are dropping, big ones all over the place tonight.
It's the big debate of moral gables right there in the South Florida.
Call my bastion of intellectual...
Yeah, something.
I'm trying to think of a good winner.
There's nothing to put your thumb on, I mean, you can't complain about the intellectual capacity there,
because it's not existing.
Although it was pretty good to see all those kids for carry last night.
That was great.
Don't forget all you punks at UM vote 40, 50 times just to make sure they count of once.
I just tell that Donna Shalaylee to mind her own damn business, okay?
We like balls on this station.
So what was the name of that webpage again?
DailyCost.com, I just read it.
I don't think about the Republican poster, Luns, who was supposed to...
He was supposed to critique the debate and pull people and he was fired by MSNBC under tremendous pressure
because he's so partisan, just like these Gallup pools, which turn out to be a phony belonging.
Why?
Just making sure.
I already checked it.
I'm way ahead of you, man, during a break.
I'm on top of these things.
I got my computer over here.
I'd have no downtime.
It works as fast as the grease lightning.
It's faster than the grease lightning.
It's faster than the grease lightning, man.
You got DailyCost.com?
Yeah, I got it now.
Good.
I think we got some time to get a few calls in here today.
We don't have to be like so pressure-packed as we are most days.
That was quite a rude awakening this morning.
Twenty past ten, I hear.
Yeah, really?
That's right.
Josh Court, excuse me, you'll stand by, which other than Schimp and Stamina, there's basically
two staples in his repertoire.
It's going to be an extensive baseball knowledge.
Yeah, well, Lussi knows, of course, so much about baseball and about...
But I understand the Cubs are going to win the World Series this year.
Isn't that true?
No.
Then look like they're going to make the playoffs either, but nevertheless, I still think they're going to win the World Series.
Hey, Lussi, just because you made a few mistakes on your Georgia's picket on you, who'd
howl is he to be picking on your sports knowledge, although he doesn't know a little bit more.
Which is not the one.
That was bad.
That was a shot.
567-0560, 05-60 on you, Verizon, and Singular, wireless live.
Now, let me know when parents come back in with that little scrap of paper with all that information on it.
Yeah.
WQA, hello.
Thank you.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
Two quicksakes, first for your poll.
You said it's the last half.
Now, what we missed from the 70s is your real freedom of rights that's in the peak.
We already had that in the 60s.
Let's not just repeat all the same ones.
Okay, next.
Okay.
You better be seeing the Oprah Show the other night when TV's off.
Hey, how was your channel?
Did you hear the reason I did see the app a lot better than on?
Yeah, get a new phone, or call us when you're going to afford a real phone.
I mean, all those pumps that you had, of course, they're spoiled rich brats anyway, but they had real phones.
You get a real cell phone that works because you're running doubt cutting it out.
I can't handle it.
Could you handle that?
Nope.
No.
For a down here.
Let's mention it.
But anyway.
Hey, that great new piece of equipment, man.
This thing really sounds good.
I didn't notice Muff had anything to say about that this morning.
Chris, we have other fish to fry going out in that place.
Like maybe somebody getting paid.
So he realized tomorrow's going to be a week.
And they don't seem to get it.
They seem to know, well, gee, here he goes again being a real faster, does it?
Oh, gee.
You want that new look at that?
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to get paid.
Like within a couple of days of paid, it wouldn't be all that bad, you know?
But why should there be only one?
It's just going to be a little bit tiring when they just don't get the message.
And anyway, but they're busy.
They've got budget meetings.
They're at Greg's house.
They're doing important stuff.
Okay.
I think they're having a cluster of something over there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Don't you like them P-can clusters?
Yeah, I do.
WQA and hello.
One less.
Hmm.
QAM.
A deal.
That's Poppycock.
Guess who's this, Reverend Jones?
No, it's not.
Okay.
I love this show.
I really have nothing to say, but.
Great call.
That's it.
No, it must seriously.
Can I see this?
Do it?
Have we had a long time, other than maybe for a few minutes here in here, because I take
calls spasively.
Well, there's that phone ringing again, I think.
Well, now the other phone is ringing.
The Europa League?
No, my real phone is ringing.
Now, this thing is singing all kinds of stuff going on here.
It's like almost as much busy as the Rimmers house.
But what's I just starting to say about that call?
Oh, yeah.
Can you imagine being that lifeless?
I have no life.
I mean, we don't have a shortage of calls.
Okay, we don't have that much time for calls.
I got 4,000 very important bedtime stories, especially on the day of the debates that I want
to pass along.
Like Cuba goes on electricity diet.
Thank you.
That's next.
A whole bunch of good stuff.
But, you know, so I thank you so profusely that you've heard of this and you're very best,
but if that's your very best, keep it.
Oh, that was great.
It was good.
You're right.
WQA and hello.
Now, maybe this is his best, could be.
I think that was it.
WQA and hello.
There's their best.
WQA and let's see what this one's got.
Hello.
Daniel, for your poll, I've missed the cars of the 70 to muscle cars.
Muscle cars.
Excellent.
Hey, I'll go.
I just passed the restaurant called Moze, that's how Miami is.
Right.
And I was underneath the sign, it says, Moze, those burritos.
I think Moze got a new gear.
Well, I'm probably not a bad idea.
Okay, thanks, Billy.
Hey, listen, don't be knocking old Moe.
Even though he deserves it, but there's a guy.
Oh, he had a good lawyer.
Yeah.
He said, not his ass.
We're gonna have collecting checks doing nothing except the dolphin games, which he gives paid
separate for that.
See, I know this comes as a shock clearance, but those of us who toil on this end say,
people don't turn in to hear the clearance, the hero show, or the Greg Reed show, or the
Waternazhi show, although that might be kind of interesting.
But they tune in to hear us.
And on payday, we actually expect to get paid once in a while.
So that's not like a revolutionary thing, and it's not being a pain in the ass, especially
when somebody already said, okay, well, if it's gonna be a dare to or they made a mistake,
yeah, but then when it gets to be the checkers in the mail routine, day after day after day,
then people do get a little bit ballistic like yesterday, man.
And one of the worst days in history of my freaking ugly old life.
Man, what is wrong with that place?
And then they always try to turn around.
Oh, there he goes again, being a pain in the ass.
Yeah, you can just feel it.
You'll turn it around.
Maybe he likes to turn it around.
Got from what I'm hearing.
Do you want me to give you that muscle car's on there?
John, yes, I'm afraid.
Do you want Q&M that I'm from 6 to 8 p.m. at Bonefish Max located?
I wonder if that's Kim-like to Johnny and Mack by the railroad track.
Bonefish Max located on the corner of sample in Fedable the lighthouse point stop by registered one trip to the Finns'
Jets game in New York, win prizes from the Q&M QDs and enjoy specials on Worst Diner Beer.
Well, that sounds like one of them goose stomping.
Like I said, that delicious, great Worst Diner Beer.
I never heard of that before, did you?
Only on our commercials.
I see. Well, I have to check it out.
Maybe they'll bring in a few cases for you.
Maybe they will.
You can drink it during your own refrigerator right here.
I will drink it and throw it down.
Here's one that says what I miss most about the 70s is the dolphins when they were actually good.
And what's your take on Montreal fans?
Everyone in the actual hour, go out of the frogs.
Why don't you grow up already?
You people worried about the Montreal fans doing this.
There are a bunch of pigs.
Okay, what do you expect?
They're throwing crap.
They're bullying their team.
They're bullying the Marlins.
They're just a bunch of crap.
They've got a great city there.
It's beautiful with great restaurants, Montreal.
Just ignore the people.
Pretend they're not there.
Just look how lucky Q&M.
We got a big audience to make the money hand over double fists.
But we just pretend that some of these people aren't there like most of them.
That's the way we survive.
Okay?
So forget about crap like that.
We're about important stuff like that debate tonight on the intellectual you have had campus in Moral Gables, baby,
with that daughter and her shaleili.
Boy, is she something else or what?
God.
Line 9, WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I used to listen to you a long time ago going down to Miami and I found your website today.
This is a dream come true.
What do you mean?
Didn't even know I was on?
I had no clue.
Just as long as I was getting over those all at once here.
How about that?
Well, the tremendous promotion we do.
How can you miss it?
Okay, thanks a lot, Sally.
Welcome back.
Okay, that was it.
That's scary, though.
I mean, it's not a secret.
What's not a secret that you're on and you haven't been moving around at least a night-day part part?
No.
Well, I mean, a little bit.
It's a little bit.
Not again.
Anyway, here's the ideal on a pool.
We had the muscle cars.
I don't know, because a lot of them are the same things as the 60s.
We don't want to just keep at it like free speech or free press.
That dolphin suggestion was good.
The dolphin was good.
The dolphin was good.
The great dolphin years.
How's that?
I think it was good.
The great dolphin years.
That's good.
Two championships, two super bowls, 17 and a half.
The great dolphin years.
Let's get that on there.
I bet you a lot of dolphins are really rare.
See, it can't live in a pass forever.
It's like the Make Believes, man.
It's like the Canada with it.
It's 72 win over.
And the handers said, you know, that's 32 freaking years ago, okay?
And the Make Believes with a, you know, Bobby Bond scores on a broken ankle.
And the Johnny Bowler did this and Red Kelly did that.
The Frank Mahabuels and Davey Key onto this.
Well, that's 150 years ago for Crytala.
What are they done lately?
Anything now?
It's very sad when he got sports franchises,
where the fans have to live vicariously in the past.
And in some cases, even before they were born.
Stories told by Mommy and Daddy.
Oh, by the way, our team used to be great back in the day.
And now they sucked, but once upon a time.
What a shame about that hockey scene, huh?
You know what we ought to do, because there's so many people down there missing their hockey.
Mark Osborne has been one of the better league forwards in the consistency department.
In his last 22 games, 30 points.
He had a 17 point streak, broken last night.
Oh, what a shame, Mark.
Anyway, yeah, put some of those old league games on there so that the people that are missing
their Dosa hockey.
There's Mario Lemieux when those old ugly penguin uniforms won't, those ridiculous or what?
42 games streak 90 points for the penguins back when they really had a team.
Back when Mario was actually playing more than once every 50 games.
End of this third period.
There's Bob Kohl back before he turned 95 years old.
Anyway, 1113 at 560 WQM.
I've been telling you for a while why you need to shop at 1-800 mattress.
Now I want to tell you even more, even more.
The automatic risk is even more.
The automatic risk is probably to carry CD-Poster P-Dick, the number one brand in the
mattress is called 1-800 mattress today.
And you'll get factory direct prices on all CD-Poster P-Dicks.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same data delivery all across South Florida.
By calling 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from the deepest and widest selection CD-Vetting,
all available for same data delivery.
And you still get to pick that tour out window when it's convenient for you.
You pick the date and time for the living to fit your schedule.
And Dollar Micro shows up on time, 99.7% of the time.
In fact, that's even a better percentage than my chest shows up by about 30 points.
Dollar Micro is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourism Excellence Award.
Everybody around here, including me, I've been using these folks for years,
is called that number to get your beds.
If you want to waste a lot of money and time and gas, by all means,
go to those bedding and department stores that are overpriced and help them pay for that big fat overhead.
But if you want the best deal all the way around, just sit right there on your fat ass.
Reach over and pick up that phone and give them a call to Valor Makris right now.
They'll be there whenever you want.
Call 1-800-MACRES or online. It's MACRIS.COM.
So fat richer reminds me of my mother.
And that's an all-right two-month one.
Build a pub six-loaded window with my East Rosh and the hills I don't have funds.
There's a church that will hit me that go hollow right here.
To the higher register school, Palo Pan on the wrong boy.
Palo Pan on the wrong side.
They're on the land, but on the good side.
It's urgent in reward or tell a fan on the run.
Tell a fan on the run.
Well, the bombs get fallen till they're dead as a whir.
The gang is run for down.
In the town the search and bulletin' history where it's not to be made at home.
Palo Pan on the run.
Palo Pan on the run.
They're on the land, but on the good side.
It's urgent in reward or tell a fan on the run.
Tell a fan on the run.
Tell a fan on the run.
Palo Pan on the run.
1119-560-129.
I just want to clarify one thing because I forgot that the Adolfing Game is a home game at P.P. Park this week.
So the thing about registered to win trip to the Finns Jets game.
That's not this game this weekend. It's the game up in New York.
I just mentioned that because that's what it says.
I mean, winning a trip to a pro player stadium would not be like a big deal.
By the way, what are they going to rename the stadium after a business that's still in business?
Oh, you're picky, aren't you?
Oh, you're the way that they're playing and with the wants that are on.
Probably there are no bonuses that want to like pay.
In fact, they probably would pay them to keep their name off.
They're going to pay them to his point.
Blow player stadium.
They're not bad.
They blow.
Spelted by blow pens.
Cuba goes on electricity diet.
Cuba went to deny the non-semiasured to cope with its prolonged energy crisis.
With natural output down to 54%, Havana's 2 million residents have been experiencing daily outages
of the five hours of more since August.
Those blackouts announced Vince President, Vice President Carlos Lagi will now be institutionalized throughout the island.
He's the Vince President.
But he warned that the steps are being taken not to reduce the current blackouts,
but to prevent even more figures in electricity supply.
Appearing on state-run television along with President Fidel Castro and Specialist from the Energy sector,
Lagi read a list of power saving steps that include the closing, for at least a month,
of 118 industrial installations among them Havana's important Antiana de Aceto steel mill
and the Artemisas cement plant.
Oh, yeah, that's my favorite.
In fact, a lot of times you get behind your Artemisas cement trucks.
It's always a hoot.
Also from now on, retail stores will close their doors at 7 p.m.,
and they don't end these when we do so after our security lighting to a minimum,
and air conditioners will be turned off in most government offices and factories
during the peak hours of 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., and 7 to 11 p.m.
Two of the new measures will be felt by everyone daily nationwide rolling blackouts
and the keeping of daylight savings time this winter, which I always have been in favor of that.
Why the hell don't we do that here?
I hate, in fact, isn't that pretty soon the last Sunday in October?
Yeah, hate standard time.
I despise it.
God!
The announcements cap a summer of bad news for ordinary humans,
already feeding the pinch of rope by President Bush's harsh new measures,
they limit family visits to once every three years and restrict cash remittances back to a home, a back home.
All you Julios out there that are thinking of voting boots, butch again,
here's just one more good reason to get his ass out of there.
Punishing and torturing the people, which is what we do best, you know?
Torture the civilians, just like all those people out ahead in the first or again
about another all the attacks and a wrecking enemy innocent people dying.
They weren't innocent, they'd be honest.
All of us are not allowed to fight.
The competition, baby, that's the way it works the best.
You will be free.
Once they chop your head off, let's say blow your ass to bits.
You will be free.
Well, they should have attacked us.
The corporate time steaming weasel factions and says all cities in New Jersey are not toilets.
Bayon and Julie City are the arm pits of America.
Bayon is the left armpit, Julie City is the right.
Now, let's see.
And presently, we call three cheering because they're sponsored by a company made slot machine.
Okay, whatever a hate says.
Okay, don't be picking on Hank.
Okay, so there's the Acuba Sturge for what it's worth, which ain't much.
See, the 70s to me were like, I mean, now they were fine in their own way.
They're sure it's hell better than right now by a long, long shot.
But not nearly as discreet as the 60s, even the 50s, which we're not going to do,
because that requires real old parts like me.
But even the 50s were pretty good compared to what we got now.
I mean, they were a little on the boring side.
Yeah, they'll throw microwave ovens.
What's wrong with father knows best, do you know what I mean?
What's wrong with Gail Storm for TV channels?
What's wrong with Alan Ludden before password?
What do you miss most about the 70s?
That's our full question today on the O'Range's.com after you peruse Annika Walter the diver.
And her medal that she's got between her boobies.
Can we say boobies now?
Things are between her...
249 votes.
Sex with total stranger is speaking of that 82.
The music 75.
If you didn't get a chance to answer that, it'd prove us our website to see that incredible video.
Oh man, we got our own debate on there.
Forget about that one tonight.
This one beats it by a zid in miles.
The music 75.
Gailie still in the climbs at 34.
Yeah, we know our place back then.
It wasn't born yet 26.
That's 10.4% in the park.
Behind the barn.
Right.
TV Cops Show is 19.
Muscle car 7.
And the great dolphin years, we just put that on our scouts.
That's going to go zooming up the list from all the frustrated dolphins out there who are really pissed up and fired off.
Dominic QA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
The best thing I think about the 70s is that everything in correct show all in the family.
Okay.
And another thing.
Jo and I were on Tuesday listening to them be raiding choice stradfurt for stealing and singing part in the commercial.
So I think about the air around the clock.
Around the clock tonight.
You can be raiding choice drivers so he stole that idea.
You know, an original idea that we can pretty funny Neil.
I never feel this.
Except what he does that spot.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Except what he does it.
Around that.
I just can't handle it.
Although I do like it around the clock and I use them all the times matter of fact to do my stuff.
Now what was I just saying before that it was so important to call the appliances?
What?
Air around the clock.
Now before that I was saying something extraordinarily significant.
I don't know this guy said about the 70s.
And what was it?
All in the family.
All in the family.
See, we're just we're just hopping around too much for my old people mine now.
We got what I like.
I'm concentrating and constipating that at debate tonight man in choral cables.
You know what's the tremendous response we're getting on that?
Holy moly holy macro.
We got John Kerry and now president a George W. Bush W.
The Bushmeister they had Nazi in chief.
There's a band of Mary Nazi Neocons.
And this could be the turning point that I just they say is the big one.
They keep raising these expectations even though the format is as stable as last year's Mata.
When he oh this is a long piece you know I better not start numbers I'll never finish it.
How about a short one?
It's a short one.
How about a short beer?
All right short piece.
About a half an inch.
About a thumbnail.
The outrage the daily outrage Erie Burman writes in the nation for the nation's damn good you know it.
You don't have to buy the magazine because all the good stuff's online right on the bucket in the debates.
Conventional wisdom tells us that three presidential debates especially the first one tonight.
Present the best last chance for John Kerry to reinvigorate his battered campaign.
The debates potential to affect the outcome.
Um can I interrupt myself the best spot I've seen was the one I don't know what the organization is that sponsors it.
About the Saudis about the Bush connection with the Saudi world family.
They show Bush hand in hand with a band our Bush and make sure that nineteen tackers and I love it.
15 of the more Saudis it's a great spot man.
It should run out a million times between now and election day.
It says that the base potential will affect the outcome of a close election cannot be overstated.
But the processes become far more scripted than most people think.
For the first time ever the highly secretive commission on presidential debates released a 32 page memorandum of understanding.
Hammered out by the negotiating teams live by veteran democratic operative Vernon Jordan.
And long time Bush fixer James Baker in a burden Jordan they used to talk about the chicks with the built-in.
Oh well that's right.
I remember.
Yeah before the spin even kicks in the commission names to manufacture consent downplay controversy and sidestep direct confrontation.
Instead of a true debate we're likely to witness a 90 minute interview with the two candidates.
It's spectacle not spot navy that counts here's a sampling of the more pathetic rules.
Now their film footage near video footage near any audio experts from the excerpts from the debates maybe used publicly by either candidates campaign through any means.
Translation you won't see any bush grew up in the next carrier.
The candidates may not ask each other direct questions but may ask rhetorical questions.
Translation who among us does not love NASCAR.
At no time during these debates I'll either candidate move from the designated area behind the respective podiums.
Translation carry looks even more robotic.
There will be no TV cutaways any candidate who is not responding to a question while another candidates answering question.
Translation the commission says they will not enforce this rule and said Fox News is telecasting the first debate for the major news networks and will not follow outside restrictions.
No joke.
Additional rules for a second town hall debate.
The audience members shall not ask follow up questions otherwise participate in the extended discussion and the audience members microphone shall be turned off after he or she completes asking the question.
Translation candidates can freely dodge all tough questions.
Prior to the start of the debate the audience members will be asked to submit their questions and write into the moderator.
The moderator will further review the questions and eliminate any questions that the moderator deems inappropriate.
Translation no questions about Halleburton and Ron Osama Abu Ghredeb, Farhan Haight 911.
Bush's National Guard Service the draft etc. etc.
Abu Ghredeb says it's so much better.
If any audience member poses a question or makes a statement that's in any material way different than the question the audience members submitted in the moderator for review, the moderator will cut off the question or advise the audience that such non-reviewed questions are not permitted.
Translation nice try Michael Moore.
The debate will take place before a live audience in between 150 persons who are soft supporters of Bush or soft carry supporters.
Translation forget the independent on the side of swing voters.
And Gallup shall have responsibility for selecting the nationally demographically represented group of voters.
Translation gallops pouring this year has consistently over saffled and favored Republicans.
George, into meal Roger, to food lips today on 560, thank you.
Thank you.
Dance of power manure covers over this performance by the golf player.
Member of Black returns to NBC Thursday in a brand new comedy.
Hey Ross, hey James, I'm Monica, I'm Rachel.
Hey dude, who's it going to look into? He's all by himself.
It's your imaginary friend. Let me sit down, so I'm not going to be able to do anything else.
Can I get another drink?
Yeah, we're going to ride a lot of days for me and all my friends.
Right, one latte coming up.
Well, okay, we'll bring you strong.
Tell this, that will be the imaginary friends only on NBC.
The network they can't imagine what it'll do without friends.
Who is this broadly, I would no chin in the big mouth who looks like senior Wences.
Could you be more? She looks like senior Wences.
This bitch on the whole space.
I don't know.
The horde de la daunque face that looks that's supposedly covered in the bush camping.
Man, what a perfect match.
Right now as we speak, speaking of abroad, I'm pretty out of the story about that rumor about Alan Keys' lesbian daughter.
I'm trying to find as much info as I'm scouring, man.
Okay, what we got?
It says a month ago, bombastic U.S. Senate nominee Alan Keys responded to a question from radio talk show host by saying
that Gays were all living in sin and selfish hedonist and answered that he included the lesbian daughter vice president Dick Taney in that description.
In fact, Keys frequently denounces Gays on the campaign trail.
However, it turns out that Keys' own 19-year-old daughter, Maya, is an out lesbian.
Now, before everyone gets worked up about violations of privacy or that accandidates families off limits,
you should note that Maya Keys toasted out herself online.
Also, I didn't report this story until the day after many of the other strides covered it, so I'm not doing the outing.
Maya featured in a family photo and on the Keys campaign site, and frequently campaigns with her father,
although Maya bragged on her own blog site that's usually where there's a bunch of gay pride rainbow bracelets
while doing so, probably just to piss off that.
The Chicago political blog, Modern Vertibrade, first discovered Maya's own blog site, connected with the dots
deposed by her on the campaign site, they use the same email address.
How do you like that, huh?
Another homophobic with a lesbian daughter.
Oh, it's just so sweet.
Speaking of sweet, Ron Reagan Jr. was on the other day last night.
She was pretty sweet.
He's doing a good job though, Ron Reagan Jr.
In fact, if we could just make him the ventriloquist for John Terry, he says all the right things, you know?
Just like Dennis Cassinitz, all the little twirpy guys, they say all the right things.
Step or maybe Bill, we're gonna step on him.
Let's step on Maddie Bell and send his soul to hell.
Here's this story.
Nina Fink, or Nikki Fink, or some right thing.
Maybe it's, what's it name?
From my, from my cheat tale.
Ron will think.
Nikki Fink writes, when might turns right, golly G.E.
Why big media is pro-bush?
This is in the LA Times.
On any given day, the major TV networks really demonstrate good judgment, much less morality, when it comes to accepting a litany of nauseating ads,
hemorrhoid creams, vaginal ointments, erectile dysfunction, Army recruiting ads that portray wars a G-Wiz video game, KFCs claim that fried chicken is a new health food,
unless we forget, Bud Light's farting horse during a Super Bowl.
We give you some of those sounds, but we can do it.
But as for the October 5th release of the new Fahrenheit 9-11 DVD, now that makes big media gag.
LA Weekly has learned that CBS, NBC and ABC all refuse Fahrenheit 9-11 DVD advertising during any of the network's news programs.
Insecretives at Sony Pictures, the distributors of the movie for the home entertainment market were stunned.
And even more shock than a three-networks explained why.
They said explicitly they were reluctant because of the closeness of the release of the election.
All three networks said, no.
One in Sony Insider explains there was certainly a judgment that Sony disagrees with and is in the process of protesting during the process.
And protest only did.
Michael Linton, the one-time Pearson publishing executive, who is now chairman of the C&C of Sony Pictures Entertainment,
has privately told people he hasn't seen anything like this since his Penguin Group published Solomon Rushley's Satanic Versus.
What especially called the Sony suits was this.
The network said no problem having DVD ads appear on the entertainment show, so long as the guidelines for our rated content like Fahrenheit 9-11.
The more followed, however, Sony executives told LA Weekly they wanted only to market the movie's DVD on CBS and ABC's news shows.
But all three networks said no to straight news, once Sony executive explained.
Then suddenly the networks were extending the definition of news program and include the news magazines and the morning news shows and restricting access to those as well.
That becomes very problematic to any advertisers trying to reach an adult audience.
Finally, this week, Sony protests starting having an effect.
We're now getting some movement of Sony suit, total LA Weekly Monday night.
Sony corporate senior vice president Susan Tick claimed to, they should have a little ticked off.
Ticked to, the initial ban on the morning news show was lifted.
And time on NBC date line has been made available.
But she also confirmed that the early meeting news shows are still her boat and ABC still remains adamant that the DVD cannot be advertised on its prime time live.
Meanwhile, the DVD ads status on the other networks news show is murky at best.
Sony execs emphasized that Fox was not part of this cabal apparently because no Fahrenheit 911 DVD ads were planned there anyway.
So that's when we think big media is handling the solution can't get any worse. Something like this comes along. We realize the situation is totally whack.
For all the hundreds of thousands of words broad can't be written about so-called rather gate.
The news of Sony gate hasn't received any attention at all.
Yet here is more bio rising in our throats as big media does yet another favor for W.
And at the very least the network's managed to delay for night night 911 DVD ads for several weeks by cleaning the head of consultant attorneys to make sure the ads didn't fall under the FEC rules.
The people's governing electioneery communications.
A bunch of laughable who we expect they're considering there are models of attorneys already on network payrolls keeping the election commission debate.
And speaking of lawyers, how interesting that big media spent so much time spanking or worse ignoring Kitty Kelly's newly released a family that there is to criticize the bushies.
When by contrast the networks fell all over themselves basically promoting the B. Jesus out of that swift book of half-truths and full lies unfit for command.
As if in some parallel universe the lawyers for Kelly's publisher, W.D. Random House, our inferior, to those of Swifty's regulatory publishing.
Where is the level playing field gone with these synonygons of the big media?
Nor was it an exaggeration to state that the networks increasing look like they're doing everything possible to help George W. W. in re-election.
At least that why the old congeur's Sumner Redstone had the balls to come out this weekend and say what everyone already knows is true.
There has been a comment upon my contribution to Democrats like Senator Kerry.
Senator Kerry is a good man. I've known him for many years but it just happens that I vote for Viacom. Viacom is my life.
And I do believe that a Republican administration is better for media companies than a Democratic one.
Like DAW, who else but W.N. is FCC frowned posse led by Michael Powell is never going to meet one media merger after another they didn't like.
And we turn for all that conglomeration and consolidation all big broadcasters have to do is fork over minor fines whenever they deflour the virgin ears and eyes of the public.
And with more money to spend on political ads this election year, hell every election year the Republicans are helping big media climb out of their recession caused red ink.
As Broadcasting and cable reported this month, ads spending in markets across the country has flat to down this year.
But thanks to all those GOP attack ads against Kerry and his own spots that defend against them, ads spending especially in the battleground states is true the roof of 14 or 15%.
And it goes on it's a long article it's on our website when might turns right. Golly GE why big media is pro bush.
Don't ever get the freaking truth on the American media. I'll tell you that right now.
Do you want me to tell you that right now? Tell it. Maybe I'll tell you that later.
All right. What do you miss most about the 70s? That's our poll question. What for you just turn back the clock the hands of time before bush one and bush two and her one gearing all of this crap.
Although of course back in the 70s there was rum fell chicken hands with the Sodom and that famous picture.
Hey.
Don't you have any more than chemical and biological weapons? Whatever you want baby. 319 votes. What do you miss most about the 76 with total stranger's 99?
The music 87 gay still in a closet 37 wasn't born yet 33 that's 10%. TV cops show 26 like Canon and Hawaii 50 and Manics and streets of San Francisco.
Man or some ratio is even though you know much of the great total years 18 muscle car 17 and quailudes has got appeared.
The first thing the meal Roger's got to record my class of attention in the end.
The most yellow gay is no longer available. All land security has discovered many housewives with links to Alkaida.
I'm stockpiled Duncan Hines yellow gay even directly shoot by John Ashcroft all housewives that are not registered Republican will be rounded up and summarily rate.
Under presidential order can 32 of the bush on the accord. Prisoner rate is Oki-Doki. If you have yellow cake meets on your shell.
This pose of it now. Duncan Hines we got to find something else to do. 16 to two as Betty Crocker doing by the way.
I'm mixing by now after all these years she's an Alta Crocker you think? 560.560 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
Get a few calls in every hour but I got the big fixture frying man. So speaking of my keys. Yes. Would you like me to send you a picture of her kissing a girl?
Oh no how disgusting. Not in a good way. Is there a bad way? I didn't know there was a bad way.
Well anyway I'm going to email it to you because it's colorful. I'll send a copy to you.
We'll put it right on our website. I'm going to go there.
Just to piss off Alakies and I was bored again. The gay is on the atheist and the filthy disgusting secular human is on the...
Oh man give it a rest okay. My confused dark conflicted friend.
Man. He must have gotten his brain from the same place that clearance got his.
Kind of like when he was just using the spare parts instead of the whole thing.
Don't forget to join Q&M and I had 6-8-TM at Vomfige Max.
On the corner of Sample and Federal and Life House. Stop by registered to one trip to the Dolphin Jets game in New York.
And when some other prizes from the Q&M QDs you never know what they're going to give you.
And enjoy specials on the Worsh side or beer.
Speaking of that man the hurricane cheerleaders that were on last night. Did Jocy any of that?
I did not. Oh man. Wow wow.
Man. Any cheerleaders?
Yeah.
You of them? Yeah.
Get out. Maybe some of them are.
I don't know if these were the cheerleaders per se.
But there were too many to be the cheerleaders.
There were just a whole bunch of people just dressed up kids in the kind of like cheerleading outfits.
Like a zinny of them.
Trust me what I tell you.
We're like one or two who looked like cheerleading human.
And the rest of them looked like everybody was looking behind him.
Like where does the spaceship land?
And that was before Donald Shalili came up there.
There's the Beast Squad.
The Beast Squad.
Speaking of that Richard Blow.
The former executive editor of George Magazine is author of American Sun, a portrait of Donald Kennedy Jr.
And is writing a book about Harvard University.
He writes, network of the GOP question mark.
This is a really good article.
Pay attention or not.
As the case may be.
It's pretty good.
Lot of reading today.
A lot of bedtime stories.
Good newsy man.
Well, guess what?
Too bad.
The elections for an athlete.
So we got to the beaten town of the night.
And if you're too much interested in stuff like the hurricane cheerleader is well, you're good
like to.
Okay. Although I don't think you're going to get lucky most of you.
Now seriously, it was mostly a motley looking crowd there last night.
Which is why Donald Shalili fell right in there with her big balls.
A Donald who you kidding, huh?
Silly bitch.
It's often said in politics that it's not the crime that kills you.
It's the cover-up.
How politicians react to a mistake and magnify the damage it causes.
In a sense, the same axiom applies to the matter of CBS, and rather than the fake national
guard documents.
Despite what conservatives keep insisting, it isn't the broadcast of a news story based
on four degrees that's devastating to CBS.
It's the way CBS came to political pressure and the wake of that broadcast.
And this is absolutely correct.
You go dick.
That's the guy's name.
Dick Blow.
From the start, the reaction to 60 minutes, two pieces, has been so much to do about politics
and little about the conduct of journalism.
Conservative side-chancellor drivers taken a day in rather than CBS, two of their boogie-men,
ever since the publication of Bernard Goldberg's best-seller bias.
They wanted to count coupons rather than take them out once and for all.
Though he's probably more useful to the right wing of he stays on the air, and the same
way that James Wat was manifred heaven for the environmental groups.
And the fact that CBS' documents look fishy even a relatively untrained eyes gave conservatives
the opportunity for which they elusted.
To be sure, rather than CBS didn't help their cause, they defended the piece which, given
that they seemed to believe and it was perfectly appropriate, but they didn't so in a defensive
and prickly manner.
Ratters' comment that the criticism was driven by partisan political operatives was needlessly
inflammatory.
Although I can't help but wonder if we won't find out one day what was correct and much
the same, that it was correct, much the same way that Hillary comments comment.
Now, have a brother.
Hillary Clinton's comment about a fast-wrecked when conspiracy of technical husband was
roundly mocked when she said it would prove to be right on target.
You go, boy.
I mean, girl.
See, how come I'm reading this so fast?
I'm not used to having like a little extra time.
Coffee.
Pepe?
No.
What conservatives were really doing was bigger than attacking Dan Rather instead they were
casting doubt on the very idea of objectivity and journalism while promoting the argument
that all big media with exception to Fox News of course is consciously political.
But you don't need ideology to explain CBS's mistakes.
There's a simple explanation.
Dan Rather, producer Murray Mates and the folks in 60 minutes too, are investigative journalists
who've been trying for years to nail down a story about the world's most powerful man,
the truth of what he's been dodging for years.
Good for them.
Breaking big news is what decent journalists live for.
Unfortunately, rather at all ones and so badly to break the story they made stupid amateurish
mistakes.
Also what?
Journalism isn't fallible, nor should it pretend to be.
Journalists screw up.
That's why they called it the first draft of history.
It's not as if Dan Rather made a really tragic enduring mistake like say starting a war
on false premises.
The appropriate response is to correct the mistakes as quickly as possible, find out how they
were made and move on.
The system worked.
The bad piece of journalism was quickly debunked by the journalists.
Which is why CBS's subsequent actions are so disheartening and so craving.
In recent months the network has shown an acute sensitivity to the slightest hint of political
pressure.
It banished a mini-series on the Reagan's to cable exile merely because Ron and Nancy
were portrayed sans halos.
And it fell all over itself, apologizing for the Janet Jackson Super Bowl incident as
if portraying a millisecond of female breast was actually something that mirrored itself
legislation.
Now the network has added to its growing reputation as a GOP Laptog, first it appointed
a Republican former Attorney General Dick Thorneberg to its two-member panel investigating
the National Guard's story.
The very idea of an outside panel is bad enough, news organizations should never concede
the premise that they can't police themselves.
When the New York Times was faced with investigating Jason Blair, it didn't hire an encoder to
rereport Blair's stories.
To appoint a politician to the panelists to suggest that politicians know how to police
to press better than the press does and they have the authority over the media.
They don't and they shouldn't.
Following that, Senator Redstone, the chairman of Viacom, CBS's owner, announced that he
was supporting Bush in November that it was what any businessman should do.
Now it's what any businessman trying to suck up the Bush should do.
Third and perhaps most disturbing, CBS news chief Andrew Hayward then spiked his Sunday
60 minutes report on the White House's push for war in Iraq.
According to a writer for Salon.com who saw the piece, it's a powerful story which charges
that the White House either knowingly received the American people about Salon who
changed nuclear capability or was grossly credulous.
A CBS spokesman announced that it would be inappropriate to wear the piece of poster
on election.
I'm glad I'm not a spokesman so I can sleep and I know that I don't lie for a living.
Of course that's exactly the kind of story news organization should ever be for in
election.
A tough piece on one of the most important issues the country faces the war in Iraq.
CBS wouldn't risk angry in the White House at a time when it was already feeling vulnerable.
The people who run CBS have internalized the conservatives' argument that their mistakes
were political and the consequences of whether the response should be the same.
On both counts they're wrong.
They made journalistic mistakes and all I have to do to regain people's trust and submit
them and fix them.
That approach may take a while but it does work better than abandoning your integrity.
Write a Richard Blow, write a score and get you go boy and you like that.
What is that phone again back there?
What is that I'm faxing you something and it's making the noise here, it's making the
noise there.
Also in other words it's originating there.
There's something you reset the thing and it's still the minute.
Not that I'm mind it makes me feel like I'm in Europe like an Amsterdam.
Maybe if I close my eyes and pretend I'm sound asleep and I hope I'm in it and it's a
Barbizon Palace or the Crasnepolsky Hotel.
The phone is ringing and I'm just to wake up and open my eyes and I'm an Amsterdam.
Oh yeah, alright.
And I just a phone stop ringing and I've looked around and realized 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Let me express like 20, 30,000 year calls between now and two o'clock because you can feel
can't you feel the emotion in the passion of South Florida as the time for that debate
approaches tonight?
Listen.
Oh you can hear a piece of cotton baton drop.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Mr. Asheno, I'm running from Plaza, that's me.
I'm running from the
How big your pardon?
How?
Yes.
Is this the order?
Yes it is.
Is it really?
Yes it is.
I mean we could waste through three minutes of my trying to convince you but we just don't
have the time.
What can I do for it?
Speak to me.
Hi, dear.
I was happy to cook it.
What is it?
Happy cook it.
And back to you.
And?
But you always say female callers on call and you always feel about people calling and
when you can have you sick or so, I wanted to see the female callers.
Okay, what I do is I joke about female callers not calling who have something to say which
in your case leaves you out.
560, 7.0, 560, this is really something.
This is amazing.
And this is perfect.
This is perfect.
I see span ought to be in that studio putting these calls on the year including that one.
Those stories sure are boring that you read.
That's right.
Who do I want to hear about what's really going on in the world going here?
Some broad call up here.
Would you always complain women to be forget about it?
Okay, lady.
Just relax.
Like I said.
I have no life.
Right.
At least the one guy admitted he had nothing to say and was honest about it.
Go away lady.
Okay.
Don't go away mad.
Just go away soon and don't let the door hit you in the fan ass on the way out.
God.
That was pathetic.
I mean, she was so bubbly and effervescent like, hey, I'm so glad to hear your voice and
I actually have something to say.
Oh, look at this.
This Sean man.
You know, Sean just because I'm doing some of your polls which are great as usual.
Just stop getting carried away.
I just, one of these people trying to tell us I have no life.
You know what I mean?
What do you get your own show Sean?
It says you demanded a nationalization of the 60s edible fast food of yesterday's
pool.
I didn't demand.
I just asked.
I didn't demand.
No thing I demand is my paycheck and that ain't working too good.
In the 60s there was a and w restaurants.
Oh, yeah.
That was pretty good.
Dog and suds.
I remember Rick and suds.
Not dog and suds.
RVs had real beef back then and those funky french fries.
Hot shops, junior tons of various driving restaurants.
The KDKA crowd remember Winky's hamburgers.
The taste of which would cause one to openly.
Oh, yeah, I can't say that in the parking lot.
Great.
Hey Sean, better get a life sweetheart.
Too much to fill.
George is going to be really parked off about you.
That's for today's full.
I see.
I can't say it.
See here's the deal.
He sent me to pulls in the first place.
Okay, the idea which was a great idea.
I appreciate it.
We did the 60s yesterday.
We do the 70s today.
And now he's like, you know, did I leave off this?
But a good and good idea though.
Moderate Republicans.
Nelson Baker.
And Nelson.
Nelson Rockefeller.
Howard Baker, etc.
A place to smoke and live in gasoline.
That's for the muscle curves.
We'll see.
We have three good ones right there.
Let's go and Sean.
Oh, I might as well hear from Sean.
At least he's got something constructive to say.
Something useful as opposed to happy.
So can you do anything from the wins and happy.
No, no.
And by the way, happy Chavuas.
WQA and hello.
I love it.
Wish you come back.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
Another intellectual call for one of our Bush people.
All on that team IQ line.
WQA and hello.
Dear God.
Mr. Speaker.
Hey, I wanted to say I haven't been listening to the show today.
We've got the Bush coming here to Miami.
It's like in old detective movies.
He's returning to the scene of the crime.
We got to, I hope we erect him before he pulls it off again.
Okay.
Before he pulls it off.
Let's get down to Shalele in there too.
And Catherine Harris, what do you say?
And Pat S. Governor, Jim, all the way to the scene.
We need all the Roger's exclusive link on 5.6708 AM.
Mr. Dick Chaney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magnault and massage my ball while
listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour movie.
Hey.
I'm going to crack your city.
Rock your city all and all.
I'm going to crack your city.
Rock your city all and all.
They got a lot of bad questions there.
Where they going.
I don't know.
Where they got busy with.
And he shears every corner of Walgreens and hookers are going to be beaten.
Going to crack your city.
Rock your city all and all.
They got a lot of bad questions there.
Where they going.
And I don't know.
Well, he's not in the city all of the important places for him.
And he's not in the city.
I'm going to crack your city.
I'm going to crack your city.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
Rock your city all and all.
And I put you all in between your fighting press all over the country.
Back to Jordan-Sewing entregations were directly made on the new buildings record of the supplies of four people in the city.
From when  ashes flew back to S poem, the absurd news were that the song was aned by the paternal wanting number one.
at BAME Square. These calls are so good today I want to take a whole bunch between now and
soon don't you? Okay I'm serious and they don't hurt any of our special. Maybe some more
ladies like that really articular woman I was very concerned about the debates tonight
and about the future of the world and all these other things and wants to talk about happy
circus. 567-0560, pound 564 for Verizon and singular wireless lines. We especially
encourage the ladies out there, both of them. WQAM, hello.
Hey, you know what I mean today, sir. All right.
Well listen, I, and some of your talker about this today I was talking to a friend of mine
just about to a more than last month and even that anti-war protest rally had up there
and he was just sitting here telling me you're certain some interesting things that your
audience might be interested in helping to change the 60s and 70s. He said he's coming
back in the 60s and 70s and he did a protest. You know, a bunch of people got together
and made up some signs. Went to a government office and he just took down and they protested
what their police were. He says now they have a government has regulated. He says first
of all you got to go down to the courthouse and get a permit. Notice permit you must put
your name, your company organization if you have one. And your reason for the protest.
Where is going to have it, the time and the locate and the date.
Yeah, they have to get behind that guard wire in the no spin zone, right?
Right. Then if it gets to term, they can't list the people's names they want. There's
to be a positive protest. So I get them to they can track you down. Then he should be
the list of the rules. And the Michael Norm will be where he shows that group of old
againstees out there somewhere in San Diego somewhere that is old police to sit around
half tea. There were like ten of them and the FBI was investigating them and following
them around and searching and they didn't take trapping their phones.
There's two rules I thought was really true on that. And here's the first one you said.
All signs or banners must not contain any borgor or derogatory remark of said protests.
It's not difficult if you're protesting the war. You can't think war is hell.
You know bring out children home safe. You gotta take something like war is bad.
Not good.
War is bad. Please stop.
You know, and here's the third one. It says all protesters must not must not
be threatened. It's underlined. It's a fear of any of any traffic vehicle or
security. So we did it. Then it says everything.
Any of these regulations violated in the first class, Mr. Meanor, $500 fine or 30 days in jail
or both.
Okay. Welcome to Nazi American Pally. Have a great day.
567.0560. No tell us those Julio's out there running across the causeway.
Remember that with a little alienito? And they have the whole cause way you're blocked
off and any ambulances trying to get through with their people's lives would jeopardize
because they had the whole damn thing blocked off there.
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez, he was on the phone here ready to call.
Oh, don't go to Sister Jean's house. She and the janitor doing something I think right now.
Yeah, but more important with that phone.
He will do that. Excited. What is it?
Check out yellowridors.com and especially to see if you can make out what the pin that Maya is wearing says.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
She pin in her tail on me.
Yes, she is. She's pin in some tail.
Okay, let me take a peek at the screen.
I will throw it away. I will see that the reason it takes so long to download all the tickets and the things
because there's all that need stuff on it.
So it takes a couple of extra seconds.
Okay, there is Maya Keys, whose daughter of homophobic Bible Thump and right wing dark-complexed
Alan Keys who is going to get wamped by about 4050 points in the center race in Illinois.
And what am I supposed to look at the button?
Yeah, the one that Maya is sporting. Her friend is wearing a rainbow shirt
for all the right reasons.
It says George W Bush on top, right? Right?
You're fired.
It says, yeah, look at that. Maya Trump.
George W Bush, you're fired to did.
Good taste, Maya.
Yeah.
So there's a picture of a Maya.
So if there are any doubts, because I wanted to make sure that Sir was the MSF that he really knew is kind of covered the rest a little bit.
Well, if this boy is really heard, huh?
That could be a platonic kiss. They're exchanging there.
Right, that's right. All right, it looks like she's got her tongue about 15 feet down the other one's throat, but that's okay.
George W Bush, you're fired to did. Nice go on Maya.
What a joke.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7.
Let's come on. Let's get with it. Let's get with it.
We got the big debate right in town in Coral Gables, and I write down there with UM Campus, which is about a half a block long.
Let's go. Let's get some enthusiasm and some extremities dead ass crowd.
All they know about it is the dolphins lost to good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think George might be related to this one.
What I missed about the 70s was roller skates when we had to four opposed wheels on them instead of being blind.
I don't listen. I still got them.
That thing you do?
Is this George?
Yeah. Well, you'll hold too.
I'm just laying out George's own.
You're going to continue with it.
Well, that's an all I want to say, guys.
Okay. Thank you, Kelly.
Melanie says she's got a brand new pair of roller skates too.
I do like that.
And she's a success.
Well, I got a brand new Allen keys.
So, what do you want to put that on there?
We don't. We don't.
They're still around.
If you go to the roller ring, quads are a...
Okay. We don't want to put that on there, but thanks anyway, Poundy.
It was one of our better calls.
5.670.
Oh, fuck.
6.060.
Pound 5.60, honey.
Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
I can say how's it going, Neil?
All right.
All right.
Listen, I'm just going to discuss the work that Bates,
that's not even going to be at the Bates.
That's the Boston Fony show.
But anyhow, I've heard something.
I don't know how much truth there is to this.
That one time push funded Taliban $43 million to get rid of Trump.
So we've been having that story on this show for 8,000 years now.
Colin Powell personally delivered $43 million to the Taliban as a way
in May of 2001, just a couple of months before the 9-11 attacks,
as a way of congratulating and rewarding them for cracking down on a poppy of growth
in a heroin trade and yadi-yadi.
There was a pro-wondroggs.
Is there still on your website?
Oh, and that's an ancient story.
I mean, you can even find that anywhere.
That's not a debate at all.
I feel like a lawyer.
I don't really know where some, huh?
I don't look before and I can't find it.
Well, trust me when I tell you.
I don't need to find it.
All right. Thanks, pal.
George will tell you where to find it.
Right over by that barbershop.
$567.0560.
560 on the Evaluate.
See, I mean, this stuff is so basic and elementary.
And so, you know, how come we don't see more about that?
About the background of who these people were and what the hell we were sucking up to them?
And all of a sudden, we didn't give a crap about what they were doing to their women
or any of the other garbage about the men and their beards.
And all of a sudden after 9-11, all the Taliban, their brutal and their grotesque and her stone age
and they can't listen to records and all this other crap.
The same people who were handed money over to her, making that oil pipeline deal through Afghanistan with.
Who the hell are we, Ken?
And the American media suck, okay?
You people in the media, which I know there's many of you listening to this show.
Most of you people suck big time.
You're an embarrassment.
You've phony, baloney, suck ups and closet queens and all this other crap.
And the world is going to hell on a hand bastion.
We've got all these people just pandering and pandering and pandering and trying to cover their fat ugly pimpley ass.
Man, it makes me sick of my stomach.
I say, let's hear it from Maya's what I say, huh?
You go, girl.
You go, girl.
This is guy. Whatever the hell you are.
Right, yeah.
She's a fine figure of a lady.
There you go. She's right on there.
A little dark-complexed, but let's say, what's wrong with him?
A little light-on-go-low right there.
Mm-hmm.
I bet you're even at Starbucks, they'd be proud of that.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound.
Don't forget tonight, six to eight p.m. bonefish max on the corner of Sample and Federal in the White House Point.
Stop by Regents and run a trip to the Finns' Jazz Game in New York when prizes from the QMQ.
These are the joy specials on Worcestiner Beer.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hello, I'm Leo. How you doing?
All right.
About the 70s.
How about this gold demolition, the Denver Chicago, the 70s?
This gold demolition, was it for Vienna?
I thought it was going to mid-70s, but he's going anyway.
Whenever it went well, Steve Gall, WCFL in Chicago, had the big thing that turned into a riot.
But how can you put that on there, though?
It's not, you know what I mean?
It was an event, not a war.
It was a single event.
It's not part of the 70s, it's not part of the era.
I guess you don't understand it, but that is something to think back.
I wasn't all that bad.
I give it like about a two-on-a-scarlet 5,000.
Family QA, and hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to visit both of them.
Okay, how are you doing?
How are you doing?
How about a girl?
I don't know if you got this yet.
Girls with the tight jeans.
Tight jeans.
Yeah.
Okay, I don't remember the tight jeans, just that girl wearing it.
Yeah, but the tight jeans.
What are you talking about?
Oh, I've got another one.
Bell bottoms.
I mean, if you miss them, it's pretty embarrassing.
What about the sideburns?
What about those?
What about 70s fashion, which was really gross.
We just say fashion.
We don't have to wear all the simple things on it.
Which includes the tight jeans and the bell bottoms.
And the slub does big, that.
Those big, lamed shopper sideburns that all the guys had.
It looked so stupid, man.
So idiotic.
Mutton shops.
Yeah.
Isn't that what they were?
Yeah, they were.
Mutton shop sideburns.
Woo!
There ain't nothing like a mutton.
You're asking to kneel, Rod's face, musically.
I'm fighting for you.
You're all fine.
That's so beautiful.
This station presents real American heroes.
Real American heroes.
Today we salute you, Mr. Unsolicited Political Opinion, giver.
Mr. Unsolicited Political Opinion, giver.
You're not afraid to take a stance on who should be
the next good man to inch in.
And you're not afraid to share that stance with anyone unlucky enough to make eye contact with you.
Excuse me, do we know each other?
Yes, we all know what's riding on this election.
But just because we're riding on the same bus doesn't give you the right to remind us.
We're taking you to please your son.
If we want your opinion, we'll beat it out of you.
Let's do not even worth it.
Till the next time you're in line with the bank.
The jerk behind you says you'll be caching the good-name checks if you vote for his guy.
Stick out your tongue and salute to Mr. Unsolicited Political Opinion, giver.
A real American hero.
Mr. Unsolicited Political Opinion, giver.
This is probably not even registered to vote either.
I have no life.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
I'm going to vote for the next one.
Yes.
How's that?
They've got a five game series in Philly?
No, they have four that have one today and then they go to Philly.
Oh no, I'm sorry.
Oh my god.
No, okay.
Yeah, they've got four against the Philly.
This is a man who's going to vote for the next one.
Four games against the Philly.
Every body part including the brain is the size of eight.
Four games against the Philly.
The size of it.
Come on.
See you.
See you.
Wait, now, which is real?
Is that real or remember X?
See you.
Come on.
See you.
See you.
So they've got four against the Philly's which at least one short.
So they've got one game to make up or something like that,
which I guess they probably won't even bother.
Is that the deal?
Because it doesn't mean anything.
Stop it, he's still.
I don't know.
Or you don't know.
Okay, well, that's the first honest answer we've had from anybody in a long time.
So that's good.
I don't know.
That's good.
Veterans protest war in Bush's hometown.
How do you like that?
There's Wolf.
Let's create that Nazi bastard.
I assume a lot of viewers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A lot of viewers are sick and tear to see that stupid bearded face and like a punch in a push.
You idiot.
You hear him on hearing the suck up.
God.
Did they ever fight Rudolph has died?
Did he?
He died.
I think they probably froze the body and they brought him back as Wolf was.
Military veterans can't have Crawford Texas, President Bush's adopted hometown to they
to speak against the administration's Iraq policies.
Three veterans groups opposed to the war as well as a Republican group supporting John Kerry
for president were represented at a sparsely attended news conference at the Crawford Peace
House.
The former service members say Bush is misleading the public about Iraq and drew comparisons
with the war in Vietnam which is very, very apt not only in the way it went down and the
military lied through their teeth but also in a way was portrayed to the public in a way
the media just caved in for the longest damn time before they finally started saying, hey
guess what?
All those hippies out there they may have a point.
It's just a sad reality the country finds itself insid manual Sustata, a Marine Corps veteran
of Vietnam from Waco of the war in Iraq.
I for one am insulted by this administration tried to deceive the American public he said
and guess what's the rest of us with a brain.
Sustata, the 60 represented veterans for American organization founded by the four ballonos
brothers of El Paso.
Oh, the ballonos brothers remember them?
No.
Were they kind of like the Crowley only family?
The risotto brothers.
The risotto brothers, that's right.
They were protecting Frater on a West Coast.
All four brothers served in Vietnam on our backing Kerry the group is sponsoring the last
patrol a caravan of veterans traveling through the Southwest showing support for the Democratic
presidential contender.
The Kerry supporters arrived at 11 o'clock this far.
Let's see what they was as written.
I yesterday morning at Waco at the veterans of Foreign Wars post number 2148 at 301 Tennessee
Avenue to be specific.
You missed it though if you weren't there.
Paul McDaniel of Waco, who fought in the Army in Vietnam said veterans are beginning to
speak on more about the war in Iraq.
They're doing so despite doctrine learned in the military that yours is not to ask why
yours is to do and die.
Said McDaniel 54.
A member of the veterans for peace organization and not a great slogan.
Yours is not to ask why yours is to do and die.
I'm dying on the hand.
Beauty.
He also read a statement from a group of Iraq veterans opposed to the war that organization
shined at the administration's conduct and what it called an illegal invasion of Iraq.
And guess what?
Absolutely correct.
Because of our government's failed policy, it soldiers' lives that are being put on
line said Michael Hoffman in Marine Corps of Veteran of the 2003 Iraq invasion and co-founder
of Iraq veterans against the war.
It is soldiers who has to make this ultimate sacrifice.
A sacrifice that over a thousand Americans have made.
But we still claim this failure.
It should be painfully obvious that the occupation is not the solution to what is happening
in Iraq.
McDaniel said the administration's attempts to let Iraqis take over more of the burden
of the present stage of fighting is reminiscent of the failed Vietnamization policies by the
US and Vietnam.
Same thing.
The Iraqis are nowhere near ready to take on combat missions or to have free elections
in the big Daniels.
Lindsay Taylor, a spokeswoman for the Republican National Committee in Washington, DC, said
the veterans have fought for the right to express their opinion.
But she said the president's policy on Iraq is a key to keeping terrorists from the US
heartland.
How is that work?
Is it that we got them all congregated over there in Iraq?
Is that the idea?
Right.
Like, huh?
They're not going to come here if they got like a free pass over in Iraq.
If we don't fight in places like Baghdad and Kabul will be fighting in places like Kansas
City, I bet you will.
But Harrison is proud to hear that.
Taylor said in the phone interview, adding the administration simply has a difference of
opinion with the anti-war veterans.
Now, is that Kansas City?
Kansas or Kansas City?
And Missouri she was talking about.
Better be a little more specific, bitch.
Also right into the mix of voices at the small news briefing was a statement from a group
called Republicans for Kerry that claimed that Bush was leading the party in the wrong
direction.
Joshua Collier, no relation to Joshua and guiding light, Joshua Collier resident
volunteer the peace house, red the statement of a member of the Republican group.
He said opposition to the Bush-manifestions policies in Iraq were not limited to any
political party.
The questions are much larger than politics, Collier, 24 said people are moving across party
lines like the peace house, the truth is nonpartisan.
Though big bush banners and signs are highly visible throughout Crawford's small downtown
area, the descent coming from the house that is a focal point for peace groups is not
totally unique in the president's backyard.
Kerry won the endorsement of Crawford's weekly newspaper over the town's famous resident.
The loan that we mentioned that yesterday.
Taylor said the veterans supporting Kerry at the Crawford event did not reflect the general
feelings of Texans toward the president, who suspected that no problem at all carrying
his home Redneck Yahoo State.
It's one of them Red States, baby.
They're real Yahoo Redneck State.
Texas, take a look at that man.
Yahoo!
As the Redneck King of America is just about complete.
Oh, look at this.
Oh my God.
This is absolutely absolutely unbelievable.
I'm looking at the top, you know how they have all these banner ads.
Yeah.
Now this story about Robert Blake and Christian Brando on top of this is from ABC News from
their website and on top of it is a banner ad for you'll never guess which drug.
What an appropriate day for this.
I give up.
Okay, Ranzwood Detox, Botox, Viox.
Oh.
The very drug that was banned and the sale stopped immediately this morning, banned by the FDA
because people taking it have been screaming.
I'm dying out of here.
And it says is Viox right for you or someone you love learn more at viox.com available
by prescription only.
Not no more.
Okay.
No more that poison from who to help.
Was it which said drug manufacturer?
Merk.
Merk.
Ranzwood jerk.
No.
No.
No.
Unbelievable.
Not appropriate.
Did not notice that before.
Here's the big banner ad for it.
And of course, I hope you bought it before before they banned it because you can't get it
no more.
How long will they be able to get it?
Maybe they can get some of those dangerous Canadian drugs.
Hahaha.
Oh.
Because after all we certainly know that Canada is a temporal country and those drugs that
you're going to get from Canada, those prescription drugs couldn't possibly be safe.
They're probably laced with all sorts of hallucinogenic things in them.
All the more reason to get them.
Yeah.
And back bacon.
Right.
No pineal bacon.
WDQA and hello.
New rotters.
And maybe even smoked meat.
Yes sir.
Hey Adrian.
New rotters.
How they have floored it today.
I had a couple of things I wanted to start.
You should simply debate tonight.
It's going to win best comedic show of the year.
Okay.
And also that how's turn rules?
You guys worked good together.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Work on your material.
Oh.
Okay.
Like I said, I knew we were going to take a lot of good calls today.
Was I right or right?
And there's a new list there.
There's another one.
It's a sterny.
It's one of those sternies, man.
We welcome all the sternies living in a Roger show.
We don't do the same crap here.
He does his thing.
He does his dyke thing and all of his guests.
And we do our own thing.
And we love these stories to try to like simulate the minds if people have them.
Maybe they're hiding their brains in their October.
Nevertheless, it's kind of like a Q&A.
Most of the people there have their brains in their October.
Deep in their Tuesday.
I think of Rogers.
Mornings in the ditch.
And what did I say for the winter?
To fight.
We are.
Howard David's the bitch.
Hello.
This is Albert Kite from Tony Van Records.
It's fighting you American infidel to my latest cat Steven's collection.
You know my home.
It is right.
Take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp plate.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make those ends and all the things.
I was on shooting the strats.
I was on the airplane.
And suddenly the DJ had a mac.
His eye inverted.
And where it's out of my head.
I don't know.
I'm being followed by an S16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism.
Really?
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
And wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find our skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
I got a variation of a classic one.
I'm gonna kill you, brother.
I'm cutting through the neck of a woman.
Me.
She lives her veil and explores herself.
So by Newcastle's collection today was 1995.
Or do you compare it with Lisa, Mastercard or weapons of master drugs in the world?
12.
I love that.
Just that.
Last couple of seconds that in itself.
There's a from a 1231.
How about that?
I can't see even the article that I read yesterday.
Pretty good stuff.
Very good.
Like the salad from Tony.
From Tony.
Stays a lot through our good buddy Brad over there.
Tony's on the corner of our summer.
They do good week.
193rd and 1231.
193rd and 441.
Tony's pizza man.
They got good subs.
They got great pizza.
They got fantastic sandwiches.
All kinds of good and challenged too.
What's a Joshy and Shim?
I got a stub.
You got a Shim sub.
Okay, good for you.
482 Josh by the way is going to give you the lowdown.
He's going to be the advisor to Wayne and the dolphin organization to give them the lowdown.
How to turn their fortunes around.
Because that is what he's up.
Obviously, is that expertise in the base water?
Yes, so maybe you'll know something about that pig skin.
482 votes.
What do you miss most about the 70s?
Well, if you weren't born in, you probably don't miss too much.
Let's see how many we got there.
Wasn't born yet 48.2%.
Now, how do we have to be like 79 is 25 years ago, right?
I'll take your work for it.
So let's see 33.
Yeah, 8% of our audience is 133.
That makes sense to me.
That makes sense to you?
Sure, I'll take it.
Or it's probably actually more than that, but they're just not bothering with us because of what they know about the 70s.
Except for all those silly fashions.
496 with total strangers.
143.
I just like out on street corners, things like that.
In a mall, in a barbershop.
The music, covered 14.
K-Strile in the closet 54.
I wonder if Maya, if she were in the 70s, she'd still be in the closet with her, uh,
you're fired to George W.
Thing, button it up.
And I should point out that there's not just one.
I didn't realize you had the second picture that with her, her gal pal on her bias.
Indeed, I did.
Holy moly, there's some heavy duty stuff on her from Maya Keys.
Look at her.
Daughter, right wing, born again, fundamentalist, God-fearing, Bible Thumbna, homophobic, Alan Keys.
Who's going to get beat by 125 points for the Senate by our Barack Obama in Illinois.
Anyway, Gaysville in the closet 54.
The great often years 42.
All is 72 and 73.
Where has Doug on, you know?
Where is the brain stem?
Where is the shoes, Maister, when you eat in the most?
Wasn't born yet 40.
TV capture was 37.
Muscle car is 36.
Like Rick Riley and his co-ber, remember that?
Oh, yeah.
But you remember that?
I do.
We heard about that day after day after day.
Yeah, I mean, it's neat car.
Yeah, I wonder what was more valuable.
The muscle between his brain, between his ears, or the one on the drive.
Quay-Lude 16.
Any other drugs in the semites?
That, I mean, obviously, I'll note.
Yeah, I'll note.
What is the thing start 80s?
Pretty much, yeah.
I mean, it's an old drug.
It was around since the 44 psychotherapy usages.
But I'm talking about, you know, when people were passionate about them.
Okay.
Modern Republicans ate.
Oh, yeah, remember that?
And the fashion none.
Nobody misses that.
Because it all came back.
Nobody misses, well, I mean, it just put the Thai jeans on there.
Let's make that a separate category.
Thai jeans.
Okay.
And the fashion, you know, the rest of it is the bell-bottom pants and a mutton shop sideburn.
I mean, you know when you're really seeing, you know when you're really, well, what about miniseries?
Well, you say bikinis.
They're back to their miniseries.
Yeah.
Big times.
That's a separate category.
Miniseries, Thai jeans.
When you watch match game, are kind of game show channel?
Okay.
When you watch match game.
Well, what does that mean?
You don't watch the game show channel?
No.
No.
Don't go blind better.
I know more work on you, Mr.
You don't watch what you don't watch.
You don't watch the game show.
Right.
That was a great show match game.
Yeah, it was good.
It was good.
I'm going to put it on right now.
What the hell they got on the game show channel?
I'm going to curate the audio.
The whole rest of the show just to piss you off.
Okay.
The smell of her hair.
The smell of her hair may not be mouthwatering.
Oh, it's a horrible show.
The worst, the worst host in the world.
Bob you, my man.
With that, with that stiff neck, you look like he's got a broken neck all the time.
That's the last one.
Is that?
No.
What is that?
The tele-truth.
Clots my line.
Okay.
Anyway, if you look at the match game on it, you see Gene Rayburn and they all had the,
because most of those were from the 70s.
And the 70s fashion was with a big wide flared bell bottom of hands.
Yeah.
The ridiculous sideburns.
It was just, and nobody was that.
Verison.
Robert Blake's lawyer claims newly discovered evidence cluster conspiracy among friends of Christian Brando.
Oh, my God.
To murder Blake's wife who taunted Brando with a picture of the baby he thought was his,
but turned out to be Blake's.
Boy, the plot is really getting thick.
Bitch had a coming.
Why, I finally, you turned me around on that, I agree.
She, in fact, to call her trailer trash will be an insult for all the trailer trash in the world.
Attorney M. Gerald Schwartzback filed a voluminous motion yesterday, or I love that.
So, she filed a voluminous motion yesterday seeking to present evidence that Blake's upcoming murder trial,
showing that other people, including one of the prosecution's star witnesses, conspired to kill Bonnie Lee Bakley.
Thank God Marlon Brando ain't here to have to see this again.
Even to have enough tourists with that kid already.
Bottom one is there were a lot of people that wanted to kill her.
Right.
Can you blame them?
No.
Just like Susan Smith.
Uh-huh.
They haven't got to hurry yet.
But boy, let me know when it happens.
I have a party.
The evidence suggested, right, it just like Father Gagan.
Oh, my God.
That was also on a biography channel.
I've seen that twice, and they have this, this other preeth,
to Evidently with one of his very close friends, Father Gagan.
And he's going out about how he was so widely misunderstood and what a tragedy it was and how,
how he told him that, uh, and he had a typical time of justing to prith him because there was like a separate culture in there.
It was just very test to adjust to.
I say that murderer in there is the one that choked him and killed him.
They should let him loose.
They should let him loose as a reward.
Nice going, let him loose on the rest of them.
Right.
And all the other are priests.
Uh-huh.
All of them.
The evidence suggests that Ronald Duffy Hamilton, one of the prosecution's two central witnesses, was in fact at the heart of the plot against Lonnie Lee Baker.
A plot of which the fendant Robert Blake did not participate Schwartzbach said in the motion, in the voluminous motion.
The motion outlines a complex series of relationships among Brando, the son of the elite actor, and now deceased Marlon Brando, whilst his late, but dead.
He's big and fat and dead in a piano case.
Two former Stumman and two transients.
Well, I don't think we did enough on Marlon Brando, but I did read it, I just forget about it.
I don't mean us, but I mean, we never didn't have that party.
A big barbecue in his honor.
He was great.
Yes, he was.
Very strange, very weird, but never look at her.
Go, go, go, go.
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with you?
That's okay, where is the one you saw?
Get out of the side.
Come on.
Yeah.
Let me say it right now, swear.
Folks, where?
I'm a shoulder-to-my-grandchildren, and I will not be the one to break the peace we've made
in the day.
And don't forget, wherever I will done to make you take your service to respect you.
You only had about 60 times of cotton in the sheets for that window.
And on his mouth, too.
By the way, Carol, please read facts of the facts that didn't come out.
About what?
I don't know.
Didn't come out.
The motion outlines a complex series of relationships among brain or the son of Lady
Dr. Marlon Brando.
I just got your read in there.
At a preliminary hearing, Hamilton testified that he'd been solicited by Blake to
kill Bacley.
He had a second former stum and Gary McCarty testified that Blake was trying to hire a
hitman to kill his wife.
Schwartzback said newly interviewed witnesses have described a gun owned by Hamilton that
fits the description of the weapon used to kill Bacley and that Hamilton sundrew a picture
of the gun.
No one has linked Blake to the gun.
And the motion said that gunshot residue test show the actor did not have residue on his
hands, consistent with someone who'd fired a gun.
The motion referred to three newly discovered witnesses, including one who would testify
that Hamilton offered him 10 grand for an unspecified job later telling him it was for
Bacley's murder.
Kill a bitch.
The issue of Brando is possible into the killing was first raised in court last February
when Blake's former attorney Thomas Messero Jr.
Now who is he?
Is he Michael Jackson's attorney now?
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Anyway, his attorney Thomas Messero Jr.
He tried to present testimony from an acquaintance of Brando, Diane Masenoo, and let me tell
you one thing I don't ever want to hear about ever again is Freaking Scott and Lacey
Peterson.
If Larry King or anybody else in a damn Nancy Grace, if you want to keep it, they're using
them like a weapon.
Even in death, Lacey Peterson and their unborn baby, all three of them, their weapons.
I'd have to talk to him.
Aren't you getting sick of that crap or what?
God.
He's got a prize that's already.
He killed her just a minute away.
In fact, that for Larry and his lap, okay, it's a bunch of right.
I thought pitch didn't have it covered.
Now, has he ever still a freight train?
Anyway, let me get back to this.
Diane Masenoo said over she overheard her phone conversation between Brando and someone
named Duffee, in which there was a discussion of putting a bullet through Bakerie's head.
Don't tell me Duff done it.
Superior court judge Darleen, oh, you're not going to believe this name.
Oh, this is the greatest day of my life.
I'm unstripped in.
Superior court judge Darleen, and I'm going to spell the last name and then Josh is going
to pronounce it.
SCHEMPP.
She ain't be.
You know, he just can't.
He can't get any of you in there.
Oh, my God.
I can't do it.
God.
You didn't have to go in.
I had to say, she ain't be.
Yeah.
It would have been perfect.
That was your cue.
Anyway.
Superior court judge Darleen, she ain't be refused to allow the testimony of saying that Masen had
the credit for the bullet.
In the interim, the defense had re-interviewed Masen and found that number of other witnesses who corroborated her and information emotions said the evidence permits the inference that Ms.
Bacley's murder was orchestrated by Mr. Hamilton, either a brand or a jinger, but an effort to query favor with them.
The motion said that Masen said that Brando received an express delivery package from Bacley in mid-April of 2001 a few weeks before she was killed.
I sure hope it wasn't from DHL because, why are they ever incompetent?
The package contained a photograph of Blake with a baby Brando, I thought, was his.
The motion said Brando was acknowledged he considered a slap in the face and insulting.
Prosecutors interviewed Brando soon after the killing of the victim of any involvement.
Yada Yada Yada.
All about all the rest of that.
And when we never did find out, was the meal really good?
You want to send to meal Roger.
You want to send to meal Roger.
You want to send to meal Roger.
The looks of the 4156DFUAM.
Saturday night on CBS.
Eat it is back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family.
All rookie dead.
If you name John Jell-O-We.
Oh daddy, don't be such a cunt.
Now what have happened to my little girl?
Look at you.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe I have a salad once in a while.
Yada, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
A gen with a charity spielon.
Well, it's true.
So why don't you send them the bones from the taggy your head for breakfast?
I might have...
I could have ordered a hot tea.
I said it!
It's like Roger was pushing a daisy smile.
Oh, now I see the last death of so much all of the entries.
You think so bad you made?
But who was your dad there, baby?
Push the dead off and get me in at a beat.
I'm glad you have her.
So are you all in the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Homecoming Science School,
where you can learn auto mechanics, death repair,
all back to the day you go to the South Pole.
Well, I have a great hole for tomorrow.
We're going to save the 80s for next week, okay?
If we're all still here, okay?
If clearance don't have another work to attack.
Who best fits the description?
Celebrity whose death was least noted.
Isn't that great?
All right.
You don't like that?
I do.
We've never been before.
We're also all in the family.
It's not on today's pool.
I just mentioned it in passing ship boats.
I don't see it on there.
I've actually been on there in a second though.
Sure.
Well, and I think Carol O'Connor,
that's why I just played that bit because number one
belongs on a pool the day.
Number two, I think Carol O'Connor.
I mean, he was just phenomenal.
Yes, he was.
You know anybody who doesn't like Carol O'Connor,
who don't like Archie Bunker,
I mean, maybe an all in a heap of the night,
and some of the other stuff we could live without.
But I'm just talking about this is Archie Bunker.
His son's drug dealer doesn't like him very much.
Oh.
Well, that's another story for another day.
1247.
A lot of drugs out there in Hollywood, you know what?
In California, too.
13 to 1 at 560 WQAM, the Mad Dog.
Number 88, who played back when those teams were really great.
He's got rings on his things and bells on his nose.
Not kinds of good stuff.
From back in those early 70s, those championship dolphin teams,
man, 17, and then the civil.
Let's see if they beat the right skins on their Vikings, right?
Those two super balls.
No.
The dolphins didn't beat the Viking.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Yes.
See, you don't know.
Do you? Maybe you just want to listen to this.
Just trying to twist you.
If I would have said anything,
I could have said that they beat the giants.
The New York football giants, right?
No.
Anyway, unless you're not a sports star, we respect that.
We're delighted to hear that.
We need somebody in that building.
We didn't get to, you know, want to hang out in the locker room,
make it all the time.
Here's one speaker that it says from Kathy.
Beck Jack Ryan is looking a whole lot better than Republicans about now.
He had an Allen keys.
He couldn't win a fixed election in a closet.
Or a speaker closet.
It says, which, the whole thing is laughable.
It means I have a friend who's a screenwriter.
Tells me that X-Wife actress Jerry Ryan,
that is a Jack Ryan who dropped out, of course,
is allegedly one of the biggest pass-arounds at Paramount Studios.
And then she claims to the Norse papers that she was so horrified to be taking
the sex plugs by her husband, all poor baby, too.
Are you still watching Viding Light?
Yeah, once in a while, I don't know.
It's, it's, it's, week.
If so, did you see that Roger Thorpe appears to be finally dead for real?
Yeah, I saw this at Goopwell.
That's one of the reasons to show blows is that they've got all these people showing up.
You have no idea who they are.
A guy claiming to be Roger's son showed up with an urn full of ashes
to spread all over Springfield.
The reason it looks like it's for real this time is the one how we had a flashback about Roger.
They used footage of Michael Zazlamy,
he rest in peace long since then.
Roger Thorpe, evil evil Roger.
And number three, also on Passion's Man,
we got so many different characters on there.
What is that all about?
And I still am waiting for somebody to tell me as if this actor,
who now that we actually see his face as the real Aleister Crane,
from back in the early days of the show before I watched it.
Is that what this is all about?
Because his acting is pathetic and his voice is weak and his whole, uh, he's terrible.
And this new Theresa man, the hell would that teach?
Anyway, in addition for your poll today,
when I miss about the 70s is Good Star Wars films.
You want to put that on there? Good Star Wars films?
Okay.
As opposed to the Schmidt and the Lucas is making today.
And if you do what we miss about the 80s, tomorrow, how about Good Star films?
Well, we'll actually do that tomorrow, but thanks, guys.
The excellent facts.
Just the facts, man.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Live.
Boy, it's a great hit.
Three hours and 40 minutes today we're going to have.
Isn't that great?
Woo!
Feel like almost a real show today.
Well, it's appropriate because these people are so just,
just forming with the mouth about the big debates that I would have had.
Just zidians and calls, people just in that great anticipation,
just quaking in their boots.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Debate line, yes sir.
Got a great poll for you.
Yeah.
All time greatest names of Harakun's.
Yeah.
And what's that?
That was it?
I don't know.
WQA and hello.
Neil, take it back to the 70s.
Three minutes.
Yeah, I love Neil.
You're the best.
Just for Neil Rogers.
You're born for no.
I'm mad.
That's us.
Baby, we're burning.
That's good.
You're burning them right now.
Huh?
That's good.
I'm not blaming them, sir.
I love the others going for it.
I was great.
It was.
And that's why I was so big.
Especially in Detroit, because they had the city on a far
most of the time anyway.
Oh, well, I was more like in the late 70s.
67s when they decided, let's burn the city down.
We're pissed off.
And you know, I don't want to go into it.
Detroit, don't go there.
That's my best advice, girlfriend.
A list of places that I would advise you do not go to is
a number one Detroit, number two Columbus, Ohio,
because if the rumors find out, you'll have to buy them dinner.
Other than that, and don't go to Geneva, New York,
either.
It's a waste of time.
I...
Or Niagara Falls, it's a tourist trap.
Oh, sorry, Yelton, too late.
Boris Yeltson, engineering.
I guess you liked it, okay?
Him and his wife.
He has a wife, you know.
I do.
W-A-M, hello.
I nail these causes.
Keep getting better and better, huh?
Yes, they do.
You're right.
Listen, I...
I got some news for you.
Okay, I'm...
Wait, let me get on the edge of my seat, okay?
All right.
Ready?
Listen to this.
One of the other stations, I won't name any...
Now, why do people do that?
We don't worry about that.
One of their stations.
We have no problem with that.
Okay, 790.
Right.
On...
Yes, we end the ticket to Home of Joe Rose,
at 9-11 in the morning, right?
Exactly.
They said that QAM's got a big announcement on Sunday,
and that Howard Davis is going to stay out for the two years,
and then he's going to give up his seat to Dave Wandsett.
He started out by mentioning this.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
I'm going to give up his seat.
That's my truck.
That's my truck.
What a place, man.
What a place.
I don't know what I'm laughing about today.
If you had told me yesterday about four o'clock in the afternoon,
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
I'd be sitting here doing a great show and laughing my ass off today.
90% of people that you work for are employers are just grade robbers.
If you're real lucky maybe once in a lifetime and work for somebody really great who appreciates what you do who like treats you well who you know just pays you on payday.
You are the subject of the legal legal fraudulent exclusionary unvaccinated human being.
You are the subject of the legal legal fraudulent human being.
Boy it's the one to two hour.
Oh right you're a bird.
My Emmy has the dolphins there the worst football team.
Sure they fluff the ball and go like no one's ever gone my guy.
They're on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control and when you say my Emmy you're talking toilet's folded.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins numbers.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to pluck their coaches ought to tell them to.
They're the best men day in their truck.
They're the best men day with run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium they'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
That team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 holes in the sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mow and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of and rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have they feet left.
That quarter backs at you boy.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain size in there.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
He calls his signals in he room.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than five marks on high zingas of least face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
What the hell?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're free.
103 is our drug and a humongous one to our what a pressure is building.
Can you smell it?
That's more something.
Before you know it will be 9 o'clock tonight.
That big debate will be going on the U of M campus.
A bastion of intellectualism and brilliance and freedom and free thought.
Oh my god what a place.
If you can find it.
It's right kitty corner that pizza joint.
The big cheese.
Right, better cross some splits.
Here's the facts from Carol who says please don't use my name.
There are a lot of curls up there.
She says.
I want to call but I can't because there's too much construction notice in my office right now.
I'm not going to let you know about the Kerry rally for a lot of the airport last night.
There were well over a thousand people there who waited and they were from four to five hours.
For buses from parking lots, etc.
And sweated it out in the airplane hangar just waiting mostly in good humor except for a couple of trestier old Jews.
I haven't seen Kerry in person before.
He comes across quite differently in person on TV.
Very personable warm and charismatic.
I don't know what he can do to soften up on TV.
He looked great.
Not too thin.
Now speak of that.
You notice how they like washed off half of the tan from Tuesday the yesterday?
Well, they always fade.
You know.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
He looked great.
Not too thin.
Was spontaneous.
Was strong and responded to the intensity of the crowd.
I was standing next to a menopausal redhead who kept yelling.
I love you.
He actually responded to her because she was so loud and he said something actually pretty funny.
But I won't repeat it because it was rather clutinous.
Although he didn't mean it that way.
I was impressed.
Not just anti-bush.
Kerry's a man who can think is articulate and if Bush somehow steals this election,
tell me what I need to do to move to Canada.
Hey?
This is the way it was in 1972 when we all knew Nixon would get elected and deserve to be impeached.
This is Bush deserves to be impeached.
If Bush gets reelected, I'll predict that he'll be ultimately impeached.
Hopefully tried for treason for lying to the American public.
The Bush administration has gone way beyond Nixon's dirty tricks.
Bush should get gay and dread and all of his mishpah to gay and dread a rine.
Okay?
All right.
This is great.
If we care about the US, if we're able to think it all, we have to get Bush out.
PS, it would also be nice to have a hockey season to look forward to.
But if we have Bush and a hockey, people just sign on take a flight out of his face or Canada.
But Canada with a hockey go flyers.
What I miss most about the 70s is her late husband.
Well, she touched all the bases there, right?
Oh, 35 kids then, by the way, children in that all those bombings in Iraq.
And John Stone was managed by Johnny Mitchell.
Well, that's good.
I already didn't know that.
Now, here's Bill Waters on Leafs TV where you talk about having a few hours to fill.
Oh, brother.
That is sad.
If matching presidential candidates to their positions on basic issues were like a jeopardy category.
Oh, that reminds me.
What just one moment, please.
I haven't played either one of these.
These are cut acute.
You ready?
Channins has won again.
He's not human.
He's an alien.
So now he'll play again tonight.
And yet he's thinking question right.
He's been on longer than Alex Trump.
He's got a giant head above his neck.
The other contestants think he has some nerve.
Because now he's got more cash than murder.
And let me also remind all you bushlakers out there that are going to vote for this Nazi and his very very band of neo-con Nazis.
Oh, you've got blood on your hands, man.
I've shown the pictures of those little kids that are mean and wounded.
Not the ones that are dead yet, but we got a whole bunch of those.
Now, you've got to blood on your hands.
I want you to know that right now.
Go wash it and guess what?
It still won't wash off.
And believe can James Lonesome, once smarter has finally tossed him out.
And now that he's off the Jeopardy Murmbrip, then won't file bankruptcy.
Thought he'd never leave the show.
I guess there are some things he doesn't know.
And now he's just a working stiff with a million parking gifts.
Hey, Lekha, now she's still on that awful shore.
Well, I have no idea.
Neither do I.
And I don't care.
But if they had just in case, you know, whether who's still on, we got a beat.
They had one for each.
Anyways, as if matching presidential candidates to their positions on basic issues,
they're going to get a jeopardy category.
Most Americans wouldn't earn a single dollar.
More than half of those pulled by the National Annanburg Election Survey didn't know President Bush alone
favors allowing private investments to some social security money.
Nearly as many didn't know that only Democratic candidate John Kerry proposed
as getting rid of tax breaks for the overseas profits of U.S. companies.
Importing drugs from Canada, that's a curious shoe, but nearly happy.
There didn't know or thought Bush also supported.
Changing federal law to allow for drug imports from Canada, hey?
Making abortions more difficult to obtain, nearly a third of those survey didn't know
Bush alone supports more restrictions on abortion, eliminating the taxes on the states.
Two thirds didn't know that's a Bush proposal.
After two years of presidential campaigning and hundreds of millions of dollars in political ads,
many voters remained clueless about those other policies according to the survey.
Annanburg-Analyst Kate Kinski blamed the candidates for not stressing their points of view
and news media for focusing on character assessments on the race itself.
It's disappointing that people don't know where the candidates stand,
given how much money's been spent on the campaigns of Kinski, a senior research analyst.
In the absence of good information voters guessing off and guessing incorrectly,
they don't know what they're all going on.
Just like this business about, well, you know, in the last election it was all about issues,
but in this election it's all about personality traits and about leadership qualities
and who's going to lie the best and who can be the good old Yahoo boy the best.
Want to see nasal passages? Now he's got something, and I guess we can play that,
I haven't played that in a long time.
Let's try that.
Let's give it a shot. Take it up for a spin.
Yeah, for the Bush and my student all his cronies and time, all his neo-nafis.
As I've brought to the end of the abortion, by the way, W.
Lies, Tommy Lies, I'm seeing her no more.
I'm sorry, my husband, you got yours.
I can't tell how much peace, Lord.
All that you'll pay, got it, is great.
Inside it's own nothing else.
We made it through the nasal passages.
That's why George always thought he had no nasal passages.
He wanted to inhale the surface.
He was born into money, but he's so kind and long.
Without him, it would be an endless bone.
Lies up the part of his college days.
Left him to sell his fourth birthday.
And no name, the part of his jazz.
That's the reason he's forever ready
As the label pops the chin.
I bought my ticket, and I'm holding my passport, time.
I'm dying over here.
See, I told you there would be something in there, isn't that sad?
Just a word that we are here, because I heard the pre-delay on the stern sure way.
About a thousand times a morning.
Headed up that though, because we can't say a f***ing damn.
I'll fix that up, it's stupid to just lay there, you know, not plant.
Oh, you know, slowly but surely I'm fixing a lot of these up.
Like the Taliban man, can you believe that?
That's sad.
It fits tragic.
It's a Taliban man.
We got the S-bag word in there.
Oh, we got to beat that up, because they are.
Okay.
Because we're spineless and because we're much a jellyfish.
12 minutes after 1 at 5, 60 WQM right now.
Armstrong, Florida, Homestead, once declared their loss and sell off all remaining 0-4s.
Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you as I speak.
And 0-4 F-150 pick up, you'll pay just a buck over invoice.
New 0-4 explorers you pay again, just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vicks, Tauruses, and Focus is all waiting for you.
At Armstrong Ford, right now it's just a buck over invoice.
Only at Armstrong Ford, a Homestead.
Plus these folks are for more value to you.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's absolutely correct.
You get tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now,
you'll get a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for a time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable,
so call him at his number and shop by phone.
305-247-512.
That's 305-247-5112.
They'll even deliver that new vehicle to your home, your office, wherever you're like hanging it out.
Armstrong, Florida Homestead, they're locally owned and operated.
They're a Ohio to do business with.
They'll treat you just like family.
No bait and switch, no phone need deals.
Just the best prices and service anywhere in town.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead, you'll find them at 307-25.
South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the A36.
Check them out on the web first at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little
and save a ton on that new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
The world's new shock, we are Rogers, mornings and weekends.
And it was a run of clock through five six hours in the morning.
We are.
Stop at night!
See the good laugh this campaign season then get the new DVD,
campaign ed bluvers and outtakes with one from George W. Bush.
And...
I'm George W. Bush.
And I've proved this massage.
Can I say massage?
I guess I thought I was clinton there for a minute.
But the point is bipartisan because the campaign ed bluvers and outtakes
also features foul ups from John Kerry.
I'm John Kerry and I am not a flip flipper.
A flip flipper.
A flop flipper.
A flip flipper.
Son of a f***!
You swear campaign ed bluvers and outtakes is the funniest DVD ever.
Under my leadership.
We captured Osama.
I mean, sedan.
Had my bath.
Don't be undecided.
Order campaign ed bluvers and outtakes today.
A flip flipper.
Flip flipper.
One seventeen and five sixty W.
Don't forget to I.
Q.M. tonight, six A.
P.M. at Bonefish Max.
We'll get on the corner sample of Federal Highway Lighthouse Point.
Stop by and register to one trip to the Finn's Jets game in New York
and then the awesome one prizes from the Q.M.
Q.T.'s.
Enjoy specials on Worsetiner Beer.
All that six days at Bonefish Max.
There's our goal.
I bet most voters thought thingal Lord was at the apartment store.
Yeah, there you go.
That's what I always thought, Joe.
Jeff Nenefield, who has had absolutely nothing much mouth on CNN.
A man who, uh, who's job I had or what's on about?
On second thought, look at what happened to Reagan in 84,
when his advice was stuffed with a bunch of facts and figures.
That was the worst debate performance of any presidential candidate ever.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
He made that joke in the next debate about not exploiting Mondale's youth
and he carried 49 states, but you're no Reagan.
Don't take the chance.
Look at all three hours.
But here's something that's pure dareboiled.
I call it political judo.
You take the weakness and your flippet,
the way Ross parod did when he was challenged on not having any experience.
Well, they've got a point.
I don't have any experience in running up before a trillion dollar debt.
Oh, man, you can sell the American public anything, you know what?
In fact, I'm inspired.
Just roll off your sleeve and do do do.
Dust off in old studies.
Lift up the hood with the gun of the engine and fix it.
Rob says you're not everything.
Looks like he's from much in the land.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
The sting of the victims is like that.
I'm looking here with a simple head.
I'm gonna vote for right that's right.
Oh, you're right.
I'm sure it's how to impress me to one where she's got her tongue about two thirds
of her way down her gallpales throat.
And then the other one where her gallpale is like riding her, you know,
they look happy.
They sure do.
Yeah, they do.
A sweet, tight couple.
As you've got that big blue button on it, it says George W. Bush, you're fired at it.
And she's got some good taste at mine.
Right.
As opposed to her daddy, Alan Key's born again fundamentalist Bible thumping jackass,
who's going to get beat by 145 points of adelection.
560, 560, 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
This audience built up through a frenzy now, waiting for tonight's big debate in moral
gables, man.
Can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
Can you hear it from these calls?
Huh?
I feel something.
Look at that phone right now.
It is just Sizzling.
Or maybe like Sizzling.
W2AM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Another great show, man.
Yeah.
I think so.
Yeah, you having a good time with sound like today.
I'm having a great time.
Yeah, excellent.
Did you speak early?
I was a loser's I worked for, yes.
Yeah, well, but you stand on their back.
I should say not the shoulders.
Right, Tom.
Damn, you're killed.
Yeah.
Did you talk about tonight the rally at the arena is open to everybody to go get three tickets
for Kerry?
No, I did not.
I didn't know.
Originally, what they did was they only sent out tickets to people who subscribed to
John Kerry dot com, but seven of these are opening the doors.
John Cooper is going to be there tonight.
And if anybody wants to go down, they just that first comes first serve, go to the box
office and they can attend the debate rally.
They're having inside the Miami arena.
Excellent.
You know, you mentioned earlier about how W was able to, whatever, beat and Richard and
Gore.
And it just seems like he didn't win him.
He beat and Richard's.
He didn't beat Gore.
I just, yeah, I'm lucky later than numbers.
Right, right.
Right.
With, with, uh, and Richard, what, what he was able to do, he outside of the debate,
besides looking like a monkey, which ruling monkey was, uh, he was able in Texas to play
just on the fears, uh, on a lot of, I mean, homophobic people.
I mean, he said that and Richard's, as she was elected again, he was going to be putting
a lot of lesbians in office.
Did you ever hear that, Neil?
No, I did not.
I heard, I mean, I actually read about, I mean, again, here in Florida, what do we say
about that?
You mean, you mean, Katherine Hughes, people like that?
Exactly.
Yeah.
Uh, you know, Neil again, keep up the good work.
Everybody show up down at the arena tonight.
If you got a good turn up, uh, Kerry will probably show up also.
And he needs to knock him out tonight.
And you know, we can't wait for the third day.
This has to be it, baby.
No one did it on the round.
No struggling on the ropes.
All right.
Great job, Neil.
Be good.
Sounds good like a horse.
Okay.
Let's kick some serious ass.
Oh, here's a guy that's worked up and fired off, right?
Or however that goes.
Yeah.
Well, the rest of the public are sitting back with her usual.
Like that.
Hey, Boneface, didn't he win the, uh, Hamiltonian?
Stanley Dancer, I believe.
What the hell do I know, huh?
I know nothing.
Catherine Evandin, who will I do know, she's great editor of the nation than, or is the
W.A.
The nation.
Oh, man, he just, he makes my skin crawl.
I don't, I don't like this like him.
I'd eat test him.
I find him one of the most unacceptable excuses for a human.
For a, there he is right now.
I creature a creature.
Very sad, you know what?
And you look at that thing and you listen to it and you say, how is it that anybody?
I mean, okay, there are bunch of people who are just, uh, goofballs, you know, everything's
a big joke to them.
We can understand those people.
But anybody who's even like 1% of their lifetime, just a little bit serious, how could they
possibly get sucked in by this crap, right?
I don't know.
I don't get it.
Anyway, Katrina writes, uh, scientists and engineers were changing.
I should call that.
What?
Just like that.
He says they may not be as hot as Bruce Springsteen.
They Matthews, the Dixie Chicks and other musicians participating in the vote for change,
concert tour launching next month in swing states.
But the newly formed group, scientists and engineers were changed, plants to harness its
formidable brain power to make the case that Bush has manipulated and politicized science
in dangerous and unprecedented ways.
Like their musical counterparts, these scientists tend to them are Nobel Prize winners,
who'll crisscross the battleground states to argue against Bush election.
They won't be singing or playing guitar, but they'll be educating voters about the threat
of second-bush term poses for honest scientific inquiry in the 21st century.
The group which has no ties to the Kerry campaign, includes the registered Republican and
several scientists who are now members of the Democratic Party.
As Nobel Prize winner Dr. Douglas Oshiroff put it, I've never played a significant role
in politics, but we must begin to address climate change now.
To do so, we must have an administration that listens to the scientific community, not
one that manipulates and minimizes scientific output.
I can't imagine what you were talking about, can you?
The Hoover Manero.
Now, take a look at that pool.
Look at it on the very bottom.
Fashion.
Oh, they finally got one.
There you go.
Kind of my chickens before they dropped it.
Had one vote.
646, what do you miss most about the 70s?
Fashion had zero for the longest time.
Because who now wants those mutton chopped cyberns and those awful bell-bottom pants?
They came back.
But just for about five minutes.
They said, oh, burn those.
So we can't let them come back again.
Ty genes to all in the family seven, good star war films, 10, mini skirts, a dozen,
modern Republicans, 15, quailudes, 34, and we need more.
TV, cops show is 41.
Wasn't born yet, 44, 6.8% of the audience?
Just a few.
Muscle cars, 51.
The great, often years, 60.
Oh, yeah, bring them back alive.
Gays fill in the closet, 63.
That must be the bush crowd.
The music, 131, and sex with total strangers, 175.
Well, at least they were doing it in the closet anyway.
26 after one at five, 60 WQYM can't guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you
meet all your financing needs.
If you're a first time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out, they're
your best choice by far.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service.
This isn't just their promise to its, their guadante.
Call them today at their toll free number, 1-800-734-6616.
At Guaranteed mortgage bankers, they're goal is to build a lifelong relationship with
their customers, which is exactly what they did with a couple of move down from New
Jersey.
Hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they fell in love with.
A couple had lived in town for more than a week, had little money to put down, wanted
to close in just 10 days, and guess what?
Guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close
on time, and they were able to give them 95% financing at an unbelievable rate of 5.95%.
Un-
They labeled them and listened to this.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers sends all of its clients on a fabulous seven-night cruise.
It's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and giving them the business.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers no loan is too big or too small.
But they've got a bad credit, good credit in between.
They'll work with you to get you the loan you need.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today.
There's no obligation, of course.
Call 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today.
The following was paid for by GarageBand Veterans for True.
In 1961, John Kerry claims to have been a GarageBand called the Electros.
But was he?
Yeah, John Kerry was in the van.
But after he left, he supported the people who booed us.
That hurt.
John Kerry says he is an honorable rock and roll veteran wounded in the line of duty.
But was he?
I remember this one guy in Worcester.
Somebody threw a rod tomato and hit John Kerry in the leg.
He said it was blood.
But I was there.
I noted throat.
Some people even wonder if John Kerry threw that tomato at himself.
We won the battle of the bands.
And when we got home, John Kerry threw away his trophy.
John Kerry says he served honorably in a GarageBand.
But when you listen to the record, the tune changes.
Paid for by GarageBand Veterans for True.
I'm George Debbie Bush.
And I did not approve this message.
He had a right.
1-32 on Bozo Radio 5.
CC, we got the manned over to.
The hopper edge floor in the Marlins are kind of running now.
What have they got?
150 games left or something, Josh?
Yeah.
And they're all against the authorities.
The throshes, what is it?
I said that's right.
Well, that thing says it for me.
Bush's guard resignation letter clears up one issue.
He can't spell.
What do you expect from a dumbledore?
Well, yeah.
In a handwritten resignation letter that contains skull and grammatical errors.
A young George W. Bush said he didn't have time to do his duty in the Texas Air National Guard.
Bush accused by Democrats of shirking his duty in the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War.
Rote that he had inadequate time to meet future reserve commitments in his November 74 letter of resignation released yesterday.
The letter was released by the White House on the eve of the first presidential debate.
In the one page, tender of resignation, Bush hand wrote the following reason for resigning.
Inadequate time to fulfill, let's with four L's, fulfill possible future commitments.
The letter contains other spelling and grammatical errors.
The document doesn't address the controversy over gaps in the service in the year National Guard of the 1970s.
And how, of course, could it?
Now, I mean, nobody wants to talk about this because it's too embarrassing, but nevertheless it is true.
Have we talked about the fact that the warlords are back in power in Afghanistan again?
And the meantime, the administration keeps on as well.
Oh, the wonderful free elections.
Millions of people are going to vote in Afghanistan.
Right.
In sufficient security forces and a lack of election observers combined with regional warlords backed by the United States,
continued to threaten the upcoming presidential election in Afghanistan since a report by HRW Human Rights Watch.
Local citizens feel the warlords pose a greater threat to their safety than forces of the former ruling Taliban,
which was ousted by US soldiers after 9-11 attacks.
Remnants of the Taliban, which harbored the Al-Qaeda terrorists who committed the U.S. attacks,
have remained in hiding in Afghanistan's remote mountainous regions and recently carried out a number of deadly attacks.
I thought they were done.
I thought we chopped off their head. I thought Al-Qaeda was just about done.
What they given us that song in advance?
Everything's fine, Tommy.
Oh, okay.
What I heard was,
Oh, we're fine.
The 52-page HRW report, the rule of the gun, Human Rights Abuses and Political Repression in the run-up to Afghanistan's presidential election,
says the international community and countries of NATO in particular should vastly increase the number of troops in Afghanistan
to ensure security for the elections.
It also complains that there are far too few international observers to monitor polls and give confidence to voters that their ballots will be secret than are needed.
Well, we need those people here to monitor our polls, don't we?
Yeah.
And we are going to have international observers believe it or not.
What an embarrassment.
Amazingly, because of the inadequate forces, current security plans for the presidential election that's in Afghanistan
include the use of deputized warlords of factional forces to guard polling stations, the very people, Afghanistan, are most afraid of.
It's the Fox Guardian, the chicken coop, the report noted, and in that US officials closely involved election preparations appear to be complacent,
believing democracy is now on the horizon.
Right!
Sure it is. Right over the hill there. You see it?
Hello.
Oh, geez.
It adds that continuing human rights abuses are fueling a pervasive atmosphere of repression and fear many parts of the country,
and that voters in many regions not appear to understand that ballot, the ballot or have faith in its secrecy, especially in the face of pressure from militia factions.
The warlords are still calling the shots, said Brad Adams, HRW's Asia Director, many voters in rural areas say the militias have already told them how to vote, and that they were afraid of disobeying them.
Activists and political organizers who oppose the warlords fear for their lives yet in the report, they document which was released just nine days before the election,
that goes many of the same complaints and concerns voiced by a number of other human rights development and women's groups in recent weeks.
But don't confuse these neo-fascist-witty of truth. They got bigger fish to fry, okay?
We can't worry about finishing off the Taliban and stuff like that, and maybe just bump it into Osama.
Who needs him when we got Kat Steven?
Oh! Right?
That's right. Dangerous man.
Next thing you know will be Captain Gary Stevens.
This is a pretty good article by Tom Gallagher, common dreams.org.
I wonder if he's related to Bill Gallagher.
Tom Gallagher is a former Massachusetts state legislator, and he writes,
Turn on the radio, John Kerry.
He says it's taken John Kerry far too long to be clear that George Bush's invasive Iraq was wrong,
and he can't waste any more time, any of the point that the continued Occupational Iraq will also be a disaster,
no matter who the president is.
Unless Kerry gets a jolt from somewhere, he's going to blow the opportunity he's been training for all of his political life.
So maybe someone out of the chair on the radio for him so we can hear John Fogridi's new song,
Beijah Hu all over again.
You heard it?
Nope. I may have to go out and buy it.
Kerry might even recognize Fogridi's voice from Creedence Clearwater Revival,
a group whose hits were all over the radio during the Vietnam War.
More importantly, he might also recognize Fogridi's voices rising as we count the dead and die all over again,
and maybe even find his own anti-war voice all over again.
Just as they say that General's always fight the last word that there have been instructions of this presidential campaign,
when you might have thought it was Vietnam that was the issue in Outer Rack,
but the private's always know what were there fighting, and hopefully the voters will too.
And actually, much as Kerry's political prominence stems from being a veteran opposed to the Vietnam War,
given the way it's been contorted in this campaign,
with Kerry supporters insisting that the man really was a hero in a battlefield where he and most of them,
argued American should have been in the first place,
while George Bush and Dick Cheney are the ones in touch for not going to where they said he supported,
it might just as well be for Kerry that Vietnam will not decide the selection.
The American soldiers' Bush's placed in harm's way in order to destroy a rack non-existent weapons and mass destruction
are quite another matter, however, as are the highly lucrative contracts this doomed foreign excursion
has brought to Cheney's last civilian employer, Haliburne.
They could and should decide the 2004 race, but only if someone makes an issue of them,
and someone is John Kerry whether he likes it or not.
What could John Kerry say to cut to the chase? Well, how about I not only promised never to lead the American people into war under false pretenses,
but every American George Bush Center this war will come home within the first 30 days of my administration.
The first 30 days.
The first 30 days?
That may be a bit too blunt for his style,
but whatever words he uses, they need to get in better headlines than Kerry says the live American troops home in four years.
We know that the Kerry campaign is cautious and calculates that the anti-war vote has no place else to go,
while fearing the unknown consequences of a serious anti-war stance that American troops home in four years.
They start checking you for a pause with political reflections like that.
Can they really think that offering four more years of Americans that are attacked in a military occupation is an electable stance?
This is going to make voters rush to the ballot box to turn the current mass rolls out,
and is Kerry think blaming the prior administration will satisfy the young anti-war veteran,
who asks him how do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a lie?
John Fogarty has written a great anti-war song,
but most of us will just assume not listen to a great anti-war song for the next four years,
and whether or not we'll have to have a lot to do with Kerry's answer to the song's questions,
did that voice inside you say I've heard it all before?
With Republican Center Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard Luger characterizing the administration's peabour notions
that we will simply be greeted with open arms as nonsense,
and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan calling the war illegal,
it shouldn't be all that hard for Kerry to hear that voice,
someone claim the song, it's worth a shot.
The war seems a meal, Roger.
So, the rest of the party is going to be the right city to the UAM.
And all right.
All right.
Are you sure?
I joined the night's party.
They used to call it the GOT.
And I strongly agree with right wing policies,
so this won't become an proof me.
So I went to the night's hit party,
convention held in the entire state.
For now, never think decided to get their hands off shade,
and dance on the drain of reading.
I'm called now.
The bush that trim as well,
you see you feeling anyone that you can't think for yourself.
Lock the door, lock the door, lock the door, lock the door, lock the door, lock the door.
The boon, the boon, the boon, the boon, the boon, the boon, the boon.
The entertainment that the night's hit party was appropriate to Christian and white.
There was David Duke, who cleared Channel the proofly green wound.
And to the green teeth teeth.
I'm watching, all righty now.
And then culture is rare.
If you don't believe,
or she's the only one that you should die, go to hell.
I'm dying out of here.
One of them all.
144, 16, go to Mad Dog coming up at 2.
He's got all the solutions for the dolphin gills,
okay, to end the one-step era, I'm sure.
Who do you think?
I'm sure.
How would think so?
He demand.
Anyway, in case you missed this earlier, things are going very well in Iraq.
Oh, we're fine.
And this is just enough to make you want to puke your guts out.
Many of the kids, you know, there were 35 kids killed.
Mm-hmm.
They were waiting for candy.
Many children had a ceremony where candy was being given away.
We're killed in the series of deadly car bomb attacks today in Baghdad.
We turned it into an outdoor and stainless silomate slaughterhouse.
The children were among more than 40 people who died in the tax plane down in surgeons.
That included two Iraqi police and another U.S. soldier.
Scores were wounded and the attacks aimed at Iraqi government targets.
A hospital official told the AP 35 children had been killed.
They were waiting for candy, no less.
They did include a task force Baghdad soldier, two Iraqi police officers,
Iraq and U.S. officials said, with a soldier's death,
a 1056 U.S. military personnel died in Iraq war.
Three other soldiers were wounded.
U.S. military said the Ministry of Health said more than 60 people were wounded.
As the slaughtered a bloodshed, in the great that we brought them emancipation by the capitation, it's fantastic.
They'll think it's what it's about.
They're not getting their heads strapped off. It's emancipation by elimination.
Yeah, ungrateful bastards. How come they're not giving us candy?
And, you know, they're not helping us out.
They're not helping us out.
Right.
I mean, it seems so basic and so simple.
Just like whoever it was said on MSNBC last night on embarrassing hour,
there was a one point.
I think it was even Chris Matthew said that, and agreeing with Al Sharpton.
And, like when he said to Sharpton, hey, can't you be the puppeteer, the...
Can't you be the puppeteer, the...
Devoid...
Yeah, the ventriloquist.
The ventriloquist for Terry.
That was pretty good.
River Howard Dean.
Our Howard Dean would be good.
That would be a scream.
I still think it would be a panic if a bush walks in here and all of a sudden...
From behind the curtain, here comes our Dean.
Get the ass, baby.
Not pulling any punches.
Not apologizing for being against the war from the very beginning, et cetera.
But nevertheless, seems very basic.
It would be like if FDR invaded Australia after we got...
Japan got attacked Pearl Harbor.
Oh, it doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make any sense.
They're no good targets.
And how come we had a prison who was impeached by a bunch of rabid right-wing neocon lunatics
and then they're booted out of office because of sexual peckerdillos?
How come that was okay with the media?
And they just loved every second of it and Kenny started his photographic report.
That was fine.
But now all of a sudden we've got thousands of innocent people including over a thousand Americans,
a thousand and fifty-six as a last minute, and being killed based on a bunch of lies.
And like that other story said, well, if he is elected again, it'll be an impeachment...
Well, we can't afford to have to go through that.
Okay?
He can't afford to be elected again.
Anybody out there that thinks we can go through four more years of this hell has got to be elunatic,
has got to be stupid.
And you people in Florida, man, see the thing with Florida, as you notice,
a lot of it that's real red necky and it's real yahu, who knows, picking, and Bible thumping.
But you people in South Florida are supposed to be a little bit sharper than that.
One would think, because that's where the majority of the votes are in South Florida.
So you people in Palm Beach County don't be right in Papua Canada again, you idiots.
And don't be get all confused with Theresa LaPore.
This time it ain't the butterfly ball. She's got the little arrows there with Leapie Lee.
Crazy bitch.
And by the way, Theresa, you're out, honey.
You're out. Don't be bothered.
In fact, I find a bus with a Miriam Elephant, if you can find a seat big enough for her frat ass.
Working poor stuff around her bush tax cuts. Here's another reason to support the bush, Maister.
The Bush Administration and Congress have scaled back programs that aid the poor to help pay for $600 billion in tax breaks.
They went primarily to those who earned more than $288,800 a year in that grade.
To offset the loss of tax revenue, the Administration demands the record federal deficit than trim social spending.
The affected programs job, training, housing, higher education, and a way of social services provide safety nets for the poor.
But you know what? Screw them. That's what the Bush Maister says.
Many programs are critical elements in welfare to work initiatives and already badly underfunded.
A six-month Detroit news investigation showed that as a result of the withering government assistance working poor and destitute Americans
are increasingly likely to be placed on waiting lists for help received reduced services or denied service entirely.
The news after interviewing scores of people across the U.S. examining thousands of pages of federal and state financial records determined that the loss of services cost many poor Americans more money than they say from the tax cuts.
How do you like that?
I like that first sentence there.
The Bush Administration and Congress has scaled back programs that aid the poor to help pay for $600 billion in tax breaks that went primarily to those who earn,
I like let's just round it off, more than $300,000 a year.
As a matter of fact, since I have such a difficult time getting my paychecks on time from this company, how about sending me some cash, okay? I'm having a tough time.
The Bush Administration and Congress have been working hard to help pay for the poor and destitute Americans.
The Bush Administration and Congress have been working hard to help pay for the poor and destitute Americans.
The Bush Administration and Congress have been working hard to help pay for the poor and destitute Americans.
The Bush Administration and Congress have been working hard to help pay for the poor and destitute Americans.
I just don't like either guy, young Harry's, kind of scary, and George Bush makes me wear it.
I've lived upon when I decided to sign, because I'm a voter, not a loser, I'm an idiot, a dependence user, but I don't know which one to pay.
For the right wing and the left wing, they both stand for the same thing, and they both make me sick.
Oh, for those nights, when you feel like a woman.
You're a mago, you feel like a woman.
Yeah, I feel like a woman.
But it ain't, let's go get one, alright?
That's the time for Lady Brute.
Yeah, and the retarded day at the precinct, I smell like a man, which I hate, so I spray some of this stuff, you know, and then I hit down to the bar.
And you got a problem with it, party!
Lady Brute, when you feel like a woman.
No way!
Okay, yeah, you wanna dance?
You from Packer J.
I'm dying out of the hands, with a little toy.
I've got a great, good.
I am not a mystic, dear.
Where's the place I'm going?
I'll go again, but if I can't see the future.
Oh, we're fine.
I'll go again, but if I can see the future.
I'm going to go down, but if I can find my life in this baddest moment, just enough.
But if I can find you, I'll pay you in here with me, with a bachelor of alcohol, you get by.
I'm just trying to find a new one, you won't get the soul of me.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
Oh, you got a lot of money in the bag of cash.
But if I can find you, I'll pay you in here with me, with a bachelor of alcohol, you get by.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
Oh, where's mine?
Absolutely.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
I'm just trying to keep my body high.
Make a difference in the body.
Make a difference in the body.
Copy that.
Make a difference in the body.
Make a difference in the body.
RInaudible say yes.
Jsters say there's no use saying no.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I
'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm
not a man, we might have kept out that you were pleased, that he parle about that, yeah,
we could have been havin' with ya, we could have been ACCAPING extensions with him, and
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen.
How dare they drag the good names of the United States of America through the mud of the
Hamilton saying Porsche oh say bye-bye bye-bye-bye.
I watch Jason Angry boy You can't really slow-motion movie talking.
