And a very good afternoon to you, ladies and gentlemen, it is six minutes after to a clock on a day that will live in infamy, Monday, September 18th, 1989. I am Steve Kane. We have an incredible debate of the giant scheduled for you today. Seated to my left inappropriately to my left. The Good Wright Rev. Virgin Jason Paulis and, presently, in the men's room on his way up here, as we speak, Uncle Meal Rogers. They are going to cross swords and Jason, I was going to give you a big speech today about not getting involved in theology and stuff like that. But Uncle Meal was an expert. I don't know if you know this. But in the days when he used to do a meaningful talk show, he is an expert in theology and will debate you point to point if you want to get off on that. That would be fine. But on that ridg, I personally would rather hear you just focus and involve in personal attack and leave you by the light of it. But Uncle Meal will be here momentarily. We want to thank the Miami Dolphins and congratulate the Miami Dolphins on a superb effort on Sunday. And the really good news is we had a hundred bucks on the Dolphins because when they are playing a team that is totally decimated by injuries and they get six points or six and a half points, what can you say? But it turned out very well as a sterling effort. And who knows, we don't want to get overly optimistic here but we could be looking if we get lucky at a 500 season. I suppose that's possible. I think that's the better had with Joseph Gacky last year. I bet that he bet they would finish over 500 and I bet they would finish under 500. We'd better dinner at Burton Jacks. And when he co-law us out of the goodness of my heart, I let him off the hook for it. Well that's possible I get when half of their games is here. That's right. Certainly certainly. And I'm not a pre-vent defense fan. Red blooded, the American wholesome master's board. The pre-vent defense has prevented the dolphins from winning for many years. And a three-man line is prevented them for winning for many years. So that is an expert on football here. I bought a little too much for me that football. Well anyway gentlemen, I suppose you're wondering why I asked you here today. Is there any reason why I have such a short cord? No do you want? Do you need a longer cord? No I'm sorry. Oh you can just hold it near hand. I can hold it in my hand. I don't want you Jason excited. Would you like to be on his left rather than his right? Uh, whichever you prefer. Jason I I came on. Can you ever notice that he looks a little like Jim Baker? He's much taller than Jim Baker. No, I'm not I'm not making that up. I'm not making that up. Basically, he looks a little like Jim Baker. I could there's a certain resemblance for Jim. He's Jason's better looking than Jim. Don't you like? I'm not touching that line. But I don't want to get him nervous. Can you turn this overhead on so I can hear it? Can't you hear the other? Hasn't you got to do it on? That's good. Okay. Anyway Jason I you know uncle Neil has offered volunteer to be here today. He is coming out of retirement in essence to do this because he doesn't do issue shows anymore, but he was so outraged at some of the ridiculous and I mean even in your last show I must admit. So last show we did together you had did you even I got disgusted. So you were taking a position and your position is on his side. I am going to let me. He doesn't have to take any position. Okay. I can handle I've done many shows like this in the past. Trust me. He's just trying to set this up in a way that we're picking out him. Let me answer your question. I'm going to explain my role here. I am going to you know you're going to have more than your hands full with uncle Neil and I'm going to sort of sit back here and be a traffic cop and just kind of keep things orderly and keep you know people from killing each other. But basically I am going to attempt to sort of stay neutral in this. And you know sometimes you know we the best way plans of my son Megan ever. But I don't really plan on taking what is going to be a massacre as I'm going to Neil wipes the floor with you and making it a fair massacre. I know that's your hope. Of course you do have the Lord on your side right? Yeah. And I'm glad for that. Yes. And that's also got the good book here. Would you have to think that would more than compensate for even if Uncle Neil and I decided to team up wouldn't you say that the Lord and you would make a stronger compromise. You guys are well known talk show host for the Lord is well known in the city and I will know the way or the population. But on the other hand I do not think that defensive homosexuality is going to sit well with you. Wait a minute. That's interesting. Defense seat. Your way off to begin with. No, I'm not at all. I'm not going to defend homosexuality because I don't have to defend myself to you. Are you or to anybody else? Are you a homosexual? Oh, here we are. Is this like the inquisition? Remember, Tarka Mata was another one of these good Christians who in the name of Christianity did the same thing that Reverend Paul is. You're right. You're a member of Joe McCalli. Like an official. No, you are. You ever didn't want to. He would like to do the same thing that Tarka Mata did make everybody an offer that they can't refuse, which is a good way to spread his religion. In other words, either accept it or we're going to chop off your head. It was a simple enough question. Are you a homosexual? No, no. Well, everybody knows that. The answer is yes. How about you, Reverend Pyton? How about you? What are you? Well, it's interesting if you don't listen to my show. The outcome is I was driving home listening to your last appearance on Steve's show. As you started, you're usual, gratuitous attack on homosexuality that you brought up my name. If you don't listen to my show that you know very little about me, I would assume. I have a, I don't know that I'm a practicing homosexual. How do you know what I'm doing? Are you a practicing homosexual? No, I'm asking you. Don't answer. You're not Jewish. So you can't answer a question with another question. Anybody can use that device. No, but I asked you a reason. But I asked you a reasonable question. If we're going to have any kind of a dialogue, your Steve would call it here today. Oh, I'm not a given take. Have I asked you, you asked me a question. Are you a homosexual? I answered yes. I have no problem with that. And I asked you, if you don't listen to my show as you claim that how come, for example, one day as I was walking out of here, you said something about you need to find the Lord or some of that usual porn again, crap that people like yourself like to us, you are. I'm saying you don't understand the philosophy of live and let live. But I don't care as long as you don't harm anybody, Reverend, I don't give a good damn what you do. So, and you should adopt the same philosophy. No, I'm supposed to try and deceive me because I don't want you to save me. I want you to stop persecuting people. That's what you're doing. And for you to come on, are you a real pro-practice? And you want to come on his program and give a big song at a dance about other 35-year-old virgin to be giving a song at a dance about other people's sex life would be like, Dr. Mangala coming on here giving a lecture on medical malpractice. I don't know. Let him get a word in here. Now go ahead Jason. That was a very opening solvable, I must say. But his analogy is clearly faulty. You don't have to be involved in bank robbing to know the bank robbing is wrong. Homosexuality is wrong. I ask you if you're a practicing homosexual. First of all, because you make a statement. I don't know if you're like we're in court on a witness thing. What are you doing? My favorite life is none of your goddamn business. Okay. Can you edit that out? No, we're not going to edit it out. No, no, no, no, no. Say it again. None of your goddamn business. Well apparently even a liberal Supreme Court disagrees with you because they say that just because it occurs in the privacy of your own home doesn't mean that it's not immoral or illegal. Really? Really? And you know that if this in this state that a husband and wife have sex in other than the missionary position, that's also illegal. Now would you like to go around peeping in people's bedroom windows and fight out who's breaking the law rubber? I don't know if you disagree with their knowledge of the law. The court says that's the law. No, I disagree. I disagree with your interpretation. Well you can ask for your view all you want. That's actually even the law. Do you even know what law that is? You know the number the law? Oh, here we go. Do I know the number of the law? Really? No. I don't know. You're going to tell me what the number of the Florida's autonomy statute is. What is it? 800.0. Oh boy. We got him. Even here. You know something. You said you don't have to do something to be an expert on it. I'm going to tell you the same thing. I don't have to know the number of the law. Are you a prognol? I don't know what the law is. Are you a practicing homophobic? Are you asking questions? Is this going to be four hours of that? Is that what you're going to do to him? I'm going to give you a two hour. If I might jump in here. I'd like to know the answer. What? Excuse me. Everyone has to know why. This man sounds like John Fruit to me. If you're not willing to admit it, I'm wondering why. I think some of your audience would like to know why. First of all, I have admitted to, you know, see. First of all, let me ask you for that question. How many out of the closet, how much sexual do you know in the media? How many can you name? I don't go around making that. No, I'm asking. Can you answer me any question? Or not? That's a silly question. How many out of the closet people do you know in the media? I like it in a one-be size me. I don't know many people in the media. No, I'm not talking about it. It's going to be that person. How many people do you know about who are out of the closet? What are you telling you? What are you telling you? No, that isn't enough. That isn't enough for you. Now you want me to come on a year and tell people who I have sex with. Where I do it. When I do it, etc. That's not your business. That's not all what I am. That's what I did ask is are you a practicing homosexual and it's taking 10 minutes and you still not answer the question? We're going to take a break. We're going to take a break. We'll have to go ahead and answer the question. When we get back, I'm not going to sit here and listen to the Reference Inquisition for four hours this afternoon. If you want to be with issues, that's why we want to do that. If you want to deal with your hatred and your tolerance, that's fine. Your practices are an issue. When are we really? When we get to home Reverend, when we get back, Uncle Neil says he will answer the question. Then we will try to move on into more fertile ground with the good Reverend Reverend. With the issues. You're listening to the Steve K. Show on 610 Wiod. We are back on Newstalk Radio 610 Wiod. I just want to briefly announce as I will throughout the show. We have very exciting promotion arranged at playoffs. We have acquired by Hook and Crook. 1968 Nolan Ryan rookie car in close to mint condition. Perfect corn is perfect centering. This car goes to his high $700 and we are going to be having a drawing for it at playoffs on October 2nd. That's two Mondays from tonight. The only times you can enter the contest or the drawing. No purchase necessary. You've got to come to Monday night football either tonight. Next Monday night or the night of the drawing, which will be October 2nd. So anybody who is a baseball card fan, your shot at a almost perfect Nolan Ryan rookie and you close to $700. So we are very excited about that. Anyway, you are going to answer that. Just let's put him out of his misery. You want to know if your cry is yes. This is like doing stand major. You keep turning that monitor down the overhead. Put on about six and a half. Great. Wonderful. Yeah, the answer is yes. Does that make you happy? No, no, no, no. I'm going to ask you a minute. Okay. But let me go. Since I've answered. No, we don't need to response answer to the question. Do you masturbate reverence? I don't like the question. I've answered it for Steve Cayman. The answer is negative. I don't think that's a good question. And you have no turnily missions. You know, I think you're way out of balance. No, I'm not a fan. Don't you ask me about practicing homosexual? I am asking you certainly a human being of your age of 35 years old candidates. I think without a chance. No, I'm not a bunch. By a logically, you cannot exist without having some kind of sex. We're really not. No, I assure you that's not true. Oh, it's not that you can. Well, that's a biological miracle. In other words, you have seen an inside of your body for about 30 years ago. Not 30 years ago. Maybe 25 years ago. Is that what you're telling me? You're way out of my eye. No, I'm not. No, I'm not because you're telling you. It's a very tale. I have a lot over the audience at all. I am asking you a question. Right online with a question you asked me. I have a personal question about my sex life. I answered you, honestly. I said, I made practicing homosexual. Although practice doesn't make perfect necessarily by the way, but in, in you, have you answered these questions. Have I won? Has he? Here we go. Have you been here? Why have you ever done this? What is the purpose of that question? Now that you've gotten the answer, the audience is, what was the purpose? The purpose of it is to establish whether he's going to be objective about homosexuality or he does the answer. In other words, I have to be neuter like you to be objective about sex. Do you think that you're objective? Those who are involved. You're brainwashing. They've obviously been subjected to those who are involved in a kind of wrong doing. That would seem to be good. Are the words you have been coming on the year and telling that people ought to be executed because they were born a particular way. Is that what you think of objectiveity is? Would you like me to answer? Sure. Okay. There's a reason that people that are involved in wrongdoing aren't on jury's. And that is because they have been involved in it. And they're the least likely ones to be objective about it. You sir are not objective about homosexuality because you're involved. Those who are not involved in it. How about me, Jason? I'm not involved in it. And I'm objecting. Maybe I can help you out here as a neutral party. Okay. Would you like me to answer? Well, if you put yourself in the forest, have you ever been involved in homosexual activity? Oh, yeah. He already is. That would be like saying that people you aren't black can't be objective about civil rights because they're involved in the press. Not at all. The analogy is no good. You mean it's no good. There's no people who are involved. No, no, no sin. There's no fine. There's no wrongdoing involved in being black. But there is homosexuality. You have any idea statistically speaking from survey after survey. You're just starting with the Kinsey report and working ourself forward. What percentage of the male population is that? A homosexual relationship at some time another in that one? Do you have any idea what the percentage is? Well, the percentage is that we've seen recently say that all the homosexuality has grown because of the restraints. I mean, I answer on question. No, you're not in the people. Let me stop you because you're not a homosexual. That was your answer. I didn't ask. I didn't ask what percentage of the population is homosexual. Although from what we are able again, able to ask the attention statistically. That goes around 10%. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. I'm not going to debate statistics with you. Well, that wasn't a question. I asked you. You've got them up. Jason. That wasn't the question. I asked you. The question I asked you is what percentage of the male population has had a homosexual experience at some time in their life? That's a different question. So you are asking for a statistic then. So you do want to get into this. Well, I know what the statistic is. I'm just kidding. You do. I would presume the ones I've seen are on homosexuality. And do you have to understand that every word he or for every, in other words, you're not going to answer that question. Well, no, really. What do you think is what he's saying? He doesn't have the answer, but which is okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. He's not trying to say he doesn't have the answer. The staff wasn't just asking. He doesn't want to with me. Because the overwhelming majority of the American males have had a homosexual experience during the course of their adult. No, I say that they're homosexual sexual. No, no, no, no, no, no. I said, oh, yes. Oh, yes. Yes. But it's more than your recent. And if you want to, if you want to, I can put it. We're not going to go to the phones until for another hour and a half. But if you want to, I can put a little call to anybody who's a therapist in our community to call. And I can get you 20 calls. One right after the other that will tell you that the overwhelming, the over-heart factions is high. My understanding is 90%. It's no more close to that. But I want to, wait, wait, wait. I want to ask you. I want to ask you one question. Now, this is Tito. This is Tito. You say it doesn't have the answer to the question. No, no, no, no, no. You've made up the test. Here is how do you know that? The homosexual population is somewhere around four or five years. It's not near the leg of the phone. Let me sort him out. Let me sort you out here. And I can find me a service. Shut, shut, shut. I'm asking your question. I'm asking you. I don't know how we're going to have a show. It'll be good. Don't ask. Don't ask. If you don't allow me to respond. No, but we're asking you one thing. Or if you're asking you one thing about people. We've had it. Almost sexual affairs. That doesn't make them homosexual. Let me handle this in my own inimitable way. Are you saying that every male listening to this show now? Who at some time or another in the course of their life is that a homosexual experience is a homosexual? Is that what you're telling them out there? No, that is not. Why are you keeping quoting me? Figure out homosexuals when I talk about males who've had homosexual experiences. Sometimes they're like, well, you got into this. Why do you try to confuse the two? I don't confuse you. Are you confused? No, not at all. And I'm trying to straighten you out. What I said, I asked you the question because of this. If you have had a homosexual experience, you're far less likely to be objective about it. You don't, as a matter of fact, you don't condemn homosexuality. Do you stay down? I don't. I know. I just am, I just probably. I cannot approach a problem. I've already had a couple hours here today. I offered to do this show. Steak took me up on a offer. He had Nick Codue. You agreed to come in here and have this discussion. Now, if I'm going to have to meet some other criteria in order to debate with you or discuss this with you, then there's no point in my being here. What did I stay here for? What is the criteria that you're saying that I'm not objective? Okay? I think that you're not objective. But you're an argument. But you're an argument. But you're an argument. You're an argument. You're an argument. And you're not involved in wrongdoing. So in other words, when you come on his show and you advocate genocide, that's not wrongdoing. That's love and that's the kind of Christian brotherhood that you're preaching. No, this has nothing to do with a genocide. Oh, it has nothing to do with genocide. No, no. So homosexual acts are an adulterer that they ought to be executed. We ought to make the laws like they do in Iran and offer their head and offer their hand and we ought to do the barbaric kind of crap that you think is just this. Well, since you've opened the floodgates, let me go ahead and respond to that. And I thank you. I thank you, Omy, and a chance to give an explanation. I believe I do believe in biblical law. And I believe if we establish the moral law of the Old Testament, this land, not any finish. The Old Testament, not any finish. This land would be safe. Right. There would be no very, very little if any rape, no murder. People would be safe to walk the street. And what was the law in the Old Testament for disobedient children? What does it prescribe in the Old Testament? Well, I'm not sure you quite understand what the law was. Oh, what it is. I wouldn't say we should stone them to them. If you understand what a disobedient child is, it has nothing to do with a little child who will not eat his pee. How do you know that? There are people that are so good. How do you know that? Well, for one, but for the same Bible that you have. Because both his parents would agree that the person is in courage. Oh, and there are people today in our jails today that if we let them out, we'll commit with a crazy crime. Okay, so let me take up the society would actually jay her off without a zip it for a second. Let me just, I want to pick up on a point. If you allow me to answer to all questions, I'm going to allow, if you're going to allow me to run the show. All right, which is very difficult because everybody has very strong opinions here. You want to pick up on this point that kneel. Like a clone. So let's say we take a child. You say, is it the Bible? It does. It's not the best you can do. The Bible is telling you, you look like Jim Baker. You have that same little smile while you're talking on a one hand about executing people. On the other hand, you have that cute little smile. The Bible, you're a dangerous person. You've been severely brainwashed and you're a dangerous, devious, intolerant person. It's shameful. Can I pursue it? You're the one that's pointing all the finger in your sinful and your homosexual and your adulterer. And the meantime, you're sitting there with a glib smile on your face. Telling us that we ought to execute everybody who doesn't agree with you. You're not a kid. I'm kidding. Including our kids who act out. You said the Bible. The Bible does not suggest you say killing our kids for not eating their peas. So are you saying that if if I have a child, if I have a child that steals a car, if I have a child, that is a drug out of wherever it is, kill it. It's okay to execute him. Is that what you're telling the parents out there? No. What the hell does the Bible say? What's the quote? You're into chapter and verse. I can tell you what is the truth. You got the Bible turned to the chapter and verse and read it. It's for this obedient child. What is it said? It even its parents, its mother and his father. Read the quote. Will you give me chapter and verse? I don't have them to have the child. You don't have to say it's so uncoordable by the way. Because I've read it. I've done this show a million times on you. It doesn't say incordable. It's a beauty in child. You'll surely be put to death. So the mother and the father and the father, the mother and the father, think that the society would be better off without it. And also the elders of the old man wants vigilantes. Just to this. And what? Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not going to let you go in and interrupt it. I'm going to pick up on something you said. And ask your question about it. What you just said is that any mother or father who decides that their kid is incorrigible has the right to put that kid to death. Did you not just say that? I haven't finished. Better you allow me? Finish. But the old testament of saying is there are some people that are so incorrigible. Children. Well, this is obviously a children. But it's all spring. It says children doesn't. It's all spring. You can be assured. What it's not talking about is clearly not talking about a child who won't use a piece in carrots. It's clearly talking about one that the society would better off without it. So if I decide this society, we better over that. The kid they should as the Bible suggests, but the kid's a death. It had to be a good idea. We're going to take a break. We'll be back. Let me just change on. 610 WIO today. You have one more show host. You're going to get me to come on here and debate this man. Yes. But we have to go to water. We have to get a water. That's fine. But when I will respond to him, I'd like to have the opportunity. I'm not here. You have anything except tolerance. You're here advocating hatred and intolerance. That's what you're advocating. That's wrong. You're wrong. You have no right to do it. You have no right to do it. I want to believe what's in that silly book more power to you. You tell me. No. This is right. This is the answer. All intolerant board against Christians. You're the same as all of them. It's like you're cut out of some kind of a cookie cutter. The answer. You tell a little bit about 10 different things. It was the Christians who don't get rid of slavery. If you know anything at all about it, it was a Abraham. It's still be quiet for a minute. I think you can learn some things. Abraham will learn a lot from you. Abraham was an Abraham Lincoln's religious conviction that gave the Massapation Proclamation. It was. If you study history at all, you know, you really study. It made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. I don't know. He made it. I don't know. I don't really like it. I don't like it. I'll talk about that. Why? I want to excuse me. I will permit you to go on it like to explain why you believe homosexual should not be allowed to teach in our school. Oh no, let's get in that later. Do you see the movie Mississippi burning? I know I rarely see it. Well, you might learn something Reverend Paranoi. If you'd go out and watch something other than restating, that's silly. That's good. If the best you do is name calling. Or, I think you can see four. We know you're the latter. That was a true story of gay. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, who is the world line? They're hatred of black. It was a man who has ironed in black subsurviate with those good old Christian rednecks in Mississippi, okay? Who used to go out and burn their crosses on the front lawns of black people's houses? Who got rid of slavery in the British Empire? It was a man. Do you know? The fact is, his name was Jay Wilbur for. You want to do his give a call? He's a lawyer. You want to give us this little name with Jay Wilbur for his little daughter. Do you want to give us this little daughter? Do you want to give us this little daughter? He's a history revered in the fact that slavery was not applied by the Bible for hundreds and hundreds of years, including over 400 years. Oh, God, you're elected. You don't want to know from that. You don't want to know that. You don't even know why slavery was gotten rid of it. Do you really have no idea? You don't know. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I'm just a dummy. Well, I want to go to a parama for averted homosexuals that needs to be exterminated like today. Now, yeah, I don't believe you would really exterminate me. Or would you really? Sure, would you? Would you tell me? Yes, or no? This is not genocide. Give me a yes. I just know. Oh, courtes are revered paranoia. Personally, I do like you think the law that society would be better of, we executed Neil, it's giving me a yes or no on that. You give me a straight answer on that. I would not make it retroactive. I think the law should be on retroactive. In other words, if from today, John tomorrow. So starting tomorrow, Neil starts to sleep with women you'll let him live, is that what you say? The law we're enforced today and he is so belligerent and so adamant and his homosexuality. Well, you're a little different than Adam. Are you belligerent and adamant? Apparently, you are your unicism or whatever it is in your being a unic, are you a belligerent in that? In other words, you say that you've chosen to be a cellar, but are you belligerent in it? I believe that's the moral and the correct way. So you believe that. You believe that. I believe that. I want to ask you a question. And I believe you are a little bit busy. Isn't this a pluralistic country in other words? If you want to know something. If you want to know something. If you want to see you always ask, you don't answer the question. I have to remember answer a sealed question. You didn't answer it quite well. You didn't answer it quite well. You don't have the right. You don't have the right. You don't have the right. This is a pluralistic society. But what does that mean? It was a pluralistic society during the days of George Washington. We weren't all Christians in that time, but we had plural laws. It's my fact George Washington was a plural really a Christian per se, wasn't I think that he or not. I believe George Washington was Franklin. I have more Thomas Jefferson. I have more quotes from George Washington. See the people that found it on the country were terrified of people like you and really just the totem. Because most of them came here to escape this. You do you are aware of that. You know that much of your history. Apparently you're on a select your world of history that you live in. Apparently you're unfamiliar with some of the history of this country. Oh, hello. Like I said, I know nothing. How many did you do? I'm having a minute. Since your every day. Well, you're having a conversation. How are your signers of the Constitution do we have? And how many of those were first? Oh, gee. You know, I feel like I'm back in primary school. Well, you are. How many of them were Christian? Well, what does that imply? Does that mean that this is a Christian nation? Well, whatever. Are you going to start that again? I believe. Which list is going to be very upset if you know that. Well, there were many Jews at the time. A lot of our atheists are going to be very upset. And a lot of our agnostic and elements and lots of our religions. Which is the majority of our audience. Would you put them all together? How many of our founding fathers were Christians of the signers of the Constitution? Well, it all don't. It all don't. It all don't. You know how many of them. You're deaf. Do even know. You claim that history. Do even know how many of their were. How many signers of the Constitution? Oh, gee. Here we go. You know, you're tied to say, you know what you remind me of. You want to be in real mail. Because a little technique that you play don't just think everybody in the audience sees through this two-plexus. We're not here today to try to see how great a pseudo intellectual reverence. We're here because you have advocated genocide for homosexuals and Deltaers and anybody else in the world who doesn't live up to your moral standard. That's what we're here to this. That's what we're here to this. Don't obey their kind. Everybody what a genius you are. What a mindless douche bag. And that's not the purpose of our conversation. I assume by your silence then you don't know. Oh, but this what's going to go on here for four hours? Well, you assume it's by my silence. Well, you get you just called all the founding fathers. Basically you said that they were not Christian. No, I didn't say that. I said that I was several specific founding fathers like Jefferson and Pain and possibly Washington. You know, they were deers. Okay, no, no, no, no. They were Christian's father going on. They weren't deers. Doesn't matter. Oh, and I've done some research on that. You've done something. You've talked to them. Did you talk to Thomas Wayne? Are you going to tell me that Thomas Pain was a Christian? Oh, I was. Thomas Pain was not one of the founding fathers of this kind of excuse me. Okay. Okay. George Washington clearly was and George Washington was clearly a Christian. I can give you quote after quote. George Washington is one of the epic formicators in the history of the world. Oh, how about Thomas Jefferson? Not at all. As a matter of fact. Why do you think it? Every moment on America says George Washington slept here. Oh, that's very humorous, but it's not at all. Oh, I think he was me. We made a little joke and a Reverend almost had a chuckle there for just to say it's very humorous. Do you ever have reverent? I mean, I don't have sex. You ever have a sense of humor. Or you just like Dr. Mangala. You'd like to conduct these experiments in the laboratory and continue picking people to death because of the fact that they don't live up to your moral standard. You're reverent and the Nazis are no different. You're absolutely no different. Only you do it out of the cloak of religion. That's the only difference. There are Nazis on their on the SS belts, by the way. It said, God is with us. There is a lot of the they profess to be Christians, too. So now you didn't they profess to be Christians? It can you do nothing more to you. You're a question. You know history well, didn't the Nazis profess that God was on their side to be Christians? Not at all. As a matter of fact, they didn't profess to be Christians. According to Albert Schweitzer, or if you give me Albert Einstein, who was there, he said the church was the only organization stood up against Hitler. But let me answer a couple of times. Yes, when they signed a concord at 1930s, because they stood up against them. And that's why Pope Pius pretending he didn't know what the hell was going on, right? Because they stood up so strongly against Hitler. You will live at Albert. You would wish to try to win. Whatever. Albert Einstein was a Jew who was there. And he said the church was the only organization. But if you'd like to do something to bring him to peace and follow, we'll find out if he thought about what the fire stood up against. How about Nemo learn all the rest of the stood against Hitler? Hitler was not a great Christian. And he was an... I didn't ask you all. That was your doing. All you're doing. That was all you could do. He was just a bear Christian. Oh, he was a bear Christian. No, he was not a Christian. I don't know. He was so very turdy for that. He was plain to be a not at all. How about Turkey modded? He came to be a Christian? Let me... All you done so far. He answered one question. All you done so far. All you done so far. All you done so far. He answered one question. And here are 43 minutes. Did Turkey modded claim to be a Christian? I've answered an awful lot of questions. That's the only one I want another answer to. Did Turkey modded claim to be a Christian? All you done so far. You want to add the question. Because it's too embarrassing to add all these predecessors historically. You've run around. Cruisifying people because they refuse to... You make them an offer they can't believe. If you are a deformed. You're a deformed father. If you're a deformed father. If you're a deformed father. If you're a deformed father. Is nothing better than homosexuality? The homosexuality. That's the only thing you do. Is it not like if you're a little embarrassed about it? I'm embarrassed about it. It took you about half a hour to a minute. I did not on the year 13 years ago. It took me a half hour to admit it. Have you ever introduced someone into homosexuality? No. What do you smile at? He looks just like a human baker. No, this is a point. Did I look like a zombie time? Do I have to answer the question? Well, I'll never ask her. What do you have to answer? You have never introduced a lady to heterosexuality. I'm not sure all the implications. Can you answer any question? What? What do you have to answer? What's the answer? Let me repeat the question. You have you ever introduced a lady to heterosexuality? Are you asking? Sounds like a simple question. Let's let it go a little bit. Here what? Go ahead. You're going to have to go ahead. I have two radio talks to your host that are advocating homosexuality. I have to go ahead. They're not going to be fighting words in my mouth again. I'm advocating. I'm advocating. Wait. You're letting them out. I'm not advocating anything. We are going to take a break. What I'm doing is fighting your signature. We are in Tom. We are going to take a break. When we get back seen, I must tell you one thing. See he did that to you. But did he. You have to write no. Did he? Got you all the time. I'm going to answer what you're asking. We are going to say. I'm going to tell you what. Watch my lips. I'm going to do it. I'll slow. When we get back, I'm going to be the commercial. I'm going to play to search back and to every see me thing. You've ever done it in the history of your life. Tant's the question. The question is, you asked Neil and he ever introduced anyone. Homosexuality said no. Right out. Didn't think about it. Didn't qualify. Didn't want to know exactly what you mentioned. No. Something before you take the break. There's something that just to be like a lightning bolt. Earlier in this hour, as the Reverend was probing desperately for all of these sexual incidents that I've committed. And I asked him, does he masturbate and he said no. And I asked him, does he have no turn on the missions and he said no. If this is true, that means he has never even experienced the orgasm. So again, like I said in the beginning of the show, him giving electro rhymes. You're away. He giving a lecture on sex is a way. You're a mangal, a giving a lacquer on medical malpractice. You're lost. And even though what it is, you've lost. You don't even know what you lost. You've lost. You've lost. You've lost. We have to break here. I'm going to repeat the question. When we get back, you're going to tell us if you have ever in the court. If you're 38 years. I want you to explain it. And orgasm? What do you want to explain? Introducing somebody to heterosexuality. You know, I teach heterosexuality is true. But I think, I don't know. Have you ever, have you ever introduced by your, who do I have to be to know right from wrong? You can only have the heterosexuality in wrong. The back here. The house of the house. The back here. Okay. I'm listening. I am asking you the question in the sentence. So this will help you to understand in the same sense that you asked Neil the question. Hold on to your answer. And whatever it is like bringing an era bond to give recipes for Hall of On until we get back. You're listening to the Steve Kancho on 610 WIO Day. Hi, we are back with you on Newstag Radio 610 WIO Day. I just want to remind you a whole, you've had some time to think about it. I asked you if you have ever had an occasion to introduce you on lady to heterosexuality in the same sense that you asked Uncle Neil. If he had introduced anyone to homosexuality, the answer that is what? As you explain the answer is no. No. So you've never, never, petted, never touched a girl's breath. I know nothing. Yeah, I do. But I want to know what you're dealing with. I'm going to take for a reason. Well, he's an already told us he's never had an orgasm. So he does never experience. But I do. I do. I do. I do. And if you had any, if you had any. If you had any. I ran to that question before. I have to be an expert. Just a doctor. And if you have a father. Why is it okay? Why is it okay? Why is it okay? Because you asked him about your sexuality question. Oh, but, but when you're asking, I don't get into the graphic details of his sexuality. So when I talk about graphic details. Or we certainly are. I think that's not a graphic. He tells us, if you've ever had an orgasm, we're not describing it. We're just asking a question. I think that's out of bounds. I think it's clear. So in other words, like most born-again's, you set the ground rules. In other words, we're playing with the three strikes for a ball. And you just make it up as you go along strike one year out. This guy makes it up as he goes along. I understood you know, any medical doctor on the phone, he will tell you what is physically biologically impossible for your what 35 years old. For any male to live to the age of 35 without having an orgasm. Either voluntarily or involuntary. This is true. It is impossible. This is true. You know, let's you are in the second coming. I think that you're way out of bounds. No, because I'm quite a senior. You're a veracity. You're, I don't believe it. I don't believe what you're telling. What he's saying at a nightway is that you're lying. I'm questioning your civility. I think this is a way out of bounds. So in other words, when you come on and begin the program by asking me in a very militant hostel where are you in a home and sexual? Is this somehow that's what Deming admission? It took you about half hour to admit it. I wasn't going to play your game. I don't know. I said here and allow you to do a verbal action. Every, every, virtually every religion in the world condemns homosexuality. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. There's a reason. It's amazing how much BS U spu out when you run challenged and you you talk about all these varieties. It's universal in about how homosexuality is condemned. I hate to break the news to you. There's no law against homosexuality in most of the Western European countries. It doesn't exist in Matter of Fact Autom Followers. He can just recently legalize homosexual marriages. As you talk about societies and their views of individuals, how how much sexualities not condemned anywhere in the Netherlands in any of the Scandinavian countries in Denmark. In fact in most of the most of the most of the countries. Let me go ahead and make a minute that I show you a short country in this world. I see there's a lot of things. I see there's a lot of things that homosexuality. No, no, no, no. They're certainly mature. You know how we aren't. I don't. Because they don't condemn other people simply because they're right now. Do you know how many of the factors are in the world? The Iranians again, like you did last time you were here. You know how many countries are in the world? How many have you? Oh, here we go again. Okay, well, let me go ahead and make some of the parts. Let me go ahead and tell you. Yeah. Because there are about 170 countries in the world and approximately 12. And we heard the list of them last time. Only in the last few years really. Having some degrees. I mean, I don't know. I'm not going to get a lot of money. I'm going to get a lot of money. I'm going to get a lot of money. I'm going to get a lot of money. Let me go. How many years have you been with women? It has a lot of people. It has a factor in the world. It's finally. No, no. No, only but surely changing. So that these prejudices that religious like you continue to try to promulgate our finally voting and wearing away. Almost actually what you're already. What you're really given to rightful authorities clearly, not a legitimate women. You're right to vote. Almost actually what you're hearing. I'm clearly. Can you hear what you're women giving a right to vote? Clearly not. What you're not. It is not. What year was wrong in the deported minority? It is not a legitimate minority. You can sit there and you can say it from now until six to five. And it's still only because of the government. Pollard is 20 homosexuality to blacks and the women. I haven't pointed it to anybody. Certainly have. You certainly have that you left your whole audience. Again, try to promulgate. That logic that won't hold water anywhere. We're talking about civil rights. You know what civil rights are? Certainly. I know what civil rights are. So that's basically the number that commented on. I'm a better and first of all, in the middle of the meeting. We're getting into a discussion of what you just said. I was actually an audience. I was a little bit nervous. First of all, let me tell you why. Tell me what the Supreme Court is saying about it. Tell me what the Supreme Court said about it. You want to listen to what I'm telling you. Do you want me to tell you what you want to answer a question? Do you want me to tell you what you want to hear? All right, we have got a break. One hour down three to go. Donko way folks is just warming up. You're listening to the Steve Tancho with the good right Reverend Virgin Jason Poeus and Uncle Neil Rogers right here on sixth. That's a homosexual. They're back with you on news. Talk radio 610WI. Do you want to get that information that we requested over here? That's a thing. That's a thing. You know what? That is because it's my show and I introduce people the way I want to. Is that okay? I was making the point that in the history of the world, the homosexuality has been outlawed and virtually every civilization. Yeah, like you were wrong and greased in a question about it. Even right now, I'll do the history of the world. Even in the last 15 years, we have mentioned there are a few countries in Europe that have now made it legal. That's about 8% of the civil. How about 8% of the civil rights? About 8%. We're not going to beat that in the record. We've got about 171. Yeah, but the 171 that you're talking about of the darkest kind of African pick me's in headhunter's by crying out loud along with the Iranians. That's the best you can do. You're in real trouble. And you have 12 out of 171. You're sitting at the wheel. Civilized. And even then, of these countries, it's just in within the last 15 years and tell me. As has morality improved over the last 15 years or basically has morality decreased and gone down over the last 15 years. It's no coincidence that you're measure that. Well, you have all sorts of things. Drugs rape and says, yeah, no quality. No question since there's been a more enlightened attitude about homosexuality. The drug problem is directly tied into that. And the murder problem is tied into that. And across the tutionous tied into that. And wife beating is tied into that. Anything that's evil, I'll see here. I would like to hear, Jay. Can we wait a minute? Here we go. There I let it earlier. This. You think it's a cool thing. Basically, that the horror Roberts and the jury fall wells and the giving. Can I finish the getting some out in your eyes? I'm getting a little higher to being compared to people that I have no desire to be compared. The statement. And then maybe you'll understand what I'm getting. I'm not comparing you to them. I'm comparing your rhetoric to theirs. And it's isn't interesting that this agenda of the far right born against all. Well, it's just by accident, all mirrors itself. All of these people constantly pointing to the homosexuals. And this is the reason we have all of these problems in our country today. It's called Looking for a scapegoat. It's the same thing that Nazis did in the 30s or 40s. And you're doing the same thing. You're doing more names from them. Just like the Reagan mentality to have plain calling is a bad topic. You can do it. Well, I'm sitting here. I'm sitting here. It's a boy. It's a very mystery fan. I'm sitting here. I am. I'm sitting here. Homosexuals. You might add Nazi Germany because they definitely did. Is that not correct? Homosexuals in the GFC were the first ones to go. You're right. Is that not a defat? Corrections. They were the first ones to go to the GFC. Is that not an impact? It believes this. Did you share with Adolf Hitler? And you put your shoes on the way. Same way Hitler. What does that have to do with how do you know how Hitler put your shoes on? Were you there? Do you understand the point? No, I don't because I think maybe you put your shoes. Your boots on the same way that he did. I would like to get back to something that you're supposed to get in the little content here because I think you have some interesting ideas. And I like to have you develop them. How do you, I think Neil brought up an excellent point. How do you tie the drug dealing in the murder and the rape and the mayhem and all this kind of stuff? What has an increase in homosexuality assuming there is one which I don't. But for the sake of argument, we'll see that how does homosexuality cause all of these other hills that you see in society? Well, I do believe there is a causal relationship, but I also believe there is part of this. Well, tell us what the causal relation is. More importantly, it's a sin. You see a causal relationship. I would like you to tell me what the causal relationship is. As we've seen the moral slide, it is no accident that homosexuality has become more militant. As basically, what does that mean? What the hell did you just say? We've seen homosexuality grow basically. But as we have said, and we listen to that, it was like late 40s, early 50s. He said that 6% of the adult male population was homosexual. He said that he was a Christian in Johnson said that it was between 6% and 10%. You quoted studies, earlier recent studies, that say it's only 4%. So where is this epidemic of homosexuality? What's like a drinking accordion? Where is it? Where is it? Well, you can see statistics. Now, you don't like statistics, but you can see them. Well, they're your statistics. It's dropped evidently to 4%. So how is it growing? Well, I think that it will grow as a matter of fact. Oh, it will grow. Now, it's profit pole is not Reverend Polis. We have seen profit pole is who's predicting do a little bit. In fact, we're on the road to Armageddon and Midway down the road will be a big increase. You know, I want to go back to something you said before, Buckley Perry. Go max. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's just go halting. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I like it. Because I assure you that homosexuality is not the same thing in the market. No, nobody is bored. We haven't seen sexuality. We have seen. We have seen. We have seen societies. We have seen even in California and over in San Francisco when they passed gay rights legislation A's became a problem. It is not an accident. It is not. It actually came a problem when they passed homosexual legislation. What did that legislation have to do with homosexual activity? What did that legislation say about homosexual activity? As we loosen the restraints on homosexuality, homosexual activity, it got worse. No, it would be a natural. That legislation had nothing to do with homosexual activity. You want an answer? We just want to rant. You want an answer? I'm not rant. You're raising it. You're raising it. You're going to get homosexuals in housing and employment. It had nothing to do with legislation dealing with homosexual activity. And you know, you know, you know, in 78, the narrow disease has gone up about 2,400%. And that is where the total homosexuals. That's only homosexual. Among homosexuals, I'll just say the scenarios. I've gone up 2,400%. That's only. And of course, it's only argument. There are a period of time that AIDS came in our society. You're argument is that it's just coincidental. That was very weak argument. No, you're saying. I'm saying there's a different a tie. And I'm saying most thinking people will ask. Well, you know, give it some thought. I mean, what he's saying makes a lot of sense. In other words, they passed the gay rights ordinance in San Francisco. In a homo sexual or the epidemic of AIDS, swept the entire country in the world. Because of the legislation, San Francisco. And that makes it more than anyone to know. So, I get to point, I make it. Don't you think when he goes away, or are you with the facts? When he takes away more or no more restraints taken away, all it did was stop people like you from discriminating against people because of their sexual or homosexuality. His homosexuality legal and San Francisco again. His homosexuality legal and San Francisco. His homosexuality legal and San Francisco. Homosexuality is not illegal anywhere in the United States. That is wrong. No, it is not wrong. Homosexual acts are prescribed by many of the states. But being a homo sexual acts, because it is a homosexual acts that cause venerated. And by the way, the very acts that you are referring to that are illegal in various states are heterosexual acts as well as homosexual acts. You are aware of that. Are you not a criminal? I think most laws, most states do not have laws that would behave with the kind of activity that you're talking about. Or, of course, like in Georgia, where the man went during the period of 19 months because he had oral sex with his wife. Most states don't have laws like that, right? Most, you know they do. About half the time he lost. Automies got nothing to do necessarily with homosexual. It's got to do with sex acts outside the missionary position, heterosexual, intercoly, etc. I understand that. I understand that. That's exactly what. That's exactly what. The etymology of the word, Sodomy, then you do. For a man who's never had a sexual experience in his life again, you're expressing. More expertise to me is astonishing. It's amazing. Like I said, it would be like a Saudi Arabian coming on the year here and giving us a lecture on kosher and delicate test and food. I mean, just incredible. I just can't believe what expertise you got. You don't have any idea what you're talking about. Who do I have to know? To be, to know right from wrong, the old Rogers. Who do I have to be wrong? To be wrong. Who do you have to be wrong? The dictates right from wrong. You know most, it makes us understand your book, Love Dynabra is the, I self, but it does. And also say, judge not less DB judge. You're not listening here and judging everybody who doesn't look at the world through the same warped classes as you do. Virtually every religion in the world will condemn homosexuality, but the old and the whole absolutely. We've denied it. We did not back when we came to the religion again. Oh, you're against every religion in the world. Can you? Can you claim one religion in the world that says it's okay? Can't wait, man. Wait, man. Let us say it to you in the rush. Because it's time to take a break and up the host. Is that all right? Is that all right? You're taking a shot. You see that clock? See what that says? What time to say on that clock? Go ahead. You see what time it says three, fifth hand. That's break time. It was okay with you pastor Paul. I wish that you were neutral. Well, what does that mean? We don't think we're commercial breaks. If we don't go through any, if we don't go through any operation already, it doesn't cost a lot. I'll even chip in. We will be right back. You're listening to the Steve Cancho on 610 WIOD. 10 WIOD. I think we have sort of set the premise for the show. Now we can take a couple of calls. Oh, my God. See if we can. If you can find some, you can, You know, just the way when you use the word God that Jason kind of tightens and be out. Why don't, I don't like the Lord's name used in vain. And he's clearly using it. If any doesn't even believe in God and yet he uses his name in the vein. Why don't you play? I'm not using his name in vain. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. The way I speak. Okay. And it's America. I like it. Or Senator Atenaway likes it. That's the way I speak. It's a figure. Okay. The figure is. It's a figure. It's also not a theocracy. Okay, we don't have a pope. We don't have a religious head of state. if you want to believe all these fairy tales and I if I shouldn't say fairy tales clearly not you are really these all the myses that's up here you're power to you I don't happen to share your superstition okay that's my right we were that do I have to believe that these words do I have to believe that you don't believe it no no do I have to believe it in in this country you're free not to all the thank you but let me say that with it with a kind of a ten-jero great well of course he does if he had his way I'd have to believe Christian religion cannot be forced but you'd like to give it a shot but what bothered me you said it bothered me clearly does bother me when I hear people using the Lord's name and they know I don't want to force anyone to be religious but I do think society has an obligation to to help people to be moral you have no doubt to not help them to make you have you have no constitutional right to we're more to make in off the road that you can't refuse I'm not a moral of guarantee I'm a hell of a lot more moral than you are because I don't run around preaching persecution and hatred like you do and I've seen you guys come and go it doesn't hear and it doesn't hear and all he was like you all the same kind of a horror to the same I know all us terrible faggotes who are out there destroying the world and bringing societies that is that is that is that basically why you don't want to see gay is teaching in school because you're afraid they'll destroy our young people is it I think they're a terrible role model I think I think the country you know everything that I never had one teacher you get up in my classroom where you are in sexual practices will you allow me to do did you go to public school I think it's he won't you won't tell us I think it is a wrong practice I think state are doing nothing to promote that sort of thing I think it ought to be illegal I think what ought to I think almost sexual activity ought to be about teachers I want to have a witch hunt to find out who the homosexuals are not it's not a matter of having you realize that if they took all the homosexual teachers out of the classroom that most public schools would close tomorrow you do understand that well I see so you're saying that the most have many years I did I did again putting words to my mom I have to call a lot they have school I think so that's a sad thing oh yeah why why thank you's overestimated their ability I'd like you to find one student in listening audience kids are all out of school now I'd like you to find one student who's had a teacher get up in a classroom and tell a class either of their heterosexual or homosexual or any kind of sexual activity I never had that experience I don't know of anybody who I ever went to school with or any of my acquaintances who ever had a teacher get up in school and even discuss such a thing so when you talk about promoting a lifestyle society and government and obligation to discourage him or elected you in the course of not a response of course of going to school to school on response in the course of going to I just did of course of going to school did you ever have a teacher get up in classroom and tell you who they were sleeping with and why and stuff like of course not okay then why would you assume that if a teacher is up in front of a classroom where they're sleeping in a matter of woman with that student would even be aware of that well I think it's a bad example I had to you know you asked me different questions I know that some of my teachers as I was growing up were probably almost like no no wait more probably how did you know that well they had very feminine characteristics oh my gosh and it's not something you open as you you're operating in the stereo type that you can always tell somebody who is getting from that gave out whether what their character is a no I cannot believe you know I have all sexual friends who could pick you up with one hand like truck drivers but maybe we'll piece of mince me against the wall and maybe true but it would be more more or more or more that may be true but that's not what I'm talking about about your story of type so open or not because what's more interesting that you're questioning the interesting question the matter is most homosexuals are like that most homosexuals are feminine the age how do you know oh brother how the hell do you make that say well that's the best one of all but I want to hear how we reach that conclusion I think I can't agree with that most home that's how you re-all you're doing the whole thing I get a chance to debate homosexuals all the time yeah and of course people like Steve bring on every swissie queen that they can find and that's exactly what you love I could bring on a hundred homosexuals would be a hell of a lot more masculine than you could ever hope to be football players baseball players basketball players body and that's still what making right would that's not we see how you keep changing the subject what is the subject we're talking about what you just did is you exposed your whole shan no no this stereotype that you want to promote the swissie they're all a feminine they're all dangerous they're all for all they're all doing this and you are a despicable user crap you are despicable I was answering his question if I'd ever had a homosexual he's not that I said that I know you have said everybody's sexist are a feminine that you've been to Rogers stop for a minute what I am curious about is house and Jason had all of these probably well-infectural how the hell did you ever grow up straight Jason with all that evil we can't go around because he's he's a unique basically he's like non-sexual he's a you know not at all your a sexual you said you never had a sexual experience you're getting them on the hook here I want to know how you ended up straight all of these Maleficent influences are at you in this classroom and you're you well I think is you know again I it's the position that I take I think it's the correct position but how did you overcome all of these evil influences that you thought in your mind was there so I can thank my parents who ever stopped to think that maybe you were projecting all of these homosexual impulses onto these teachers I had good parents who told me that homosexuality was wrong they told me that lying was wrong they told me that stealing was well if they told you lie was wrong so far today then you broke in that one I don't know what I'm interested in as your stereotypes because I think you'd be I don't know me I wouldn't care about this the fact is a lot of people because you're a regular you know when I say a character on the show a lot of people know about you I get questions about you all the time people have said to me in listening to his voice I don't know whether they're influenced by you know your sexual activity or lack there up but they say they have this underlying feeling in listening to your vocal characteristics and some of the women who work in the station who have asked me about you they they get a sense that your character you know the characteristics are gay and I keep well I tell them that I tell them that I stand up you but the point that I'm trying to make to you is people get the impression from looking at you that you have gay characters not at all and I've never had a name not at all telling you what people are telling me I mean I know you're not that's not at all true and but I think you are the perfect example of how somebody can have slightly a feminine characteristics and not be gay I do not think I have a feminine characteristics and I and I resent that well we certainly know that there are no gay priests or ministers we know that well that really has not certainly not the priesthood is there is there any is there some kind of a scandal there that we would might need to talk about during the show you know about it because those people all themselves Christian I'd be delighted to talk about I know two priests in South Florida who are gay who have abused children who have inner-spirited battles really have a chance to then I find that you know you better this and I think that they ought to be defrapped and I think they ought to be in jail and this kind of thing goes on all the time within the so-called ministry doesn't ever I want to talk about you in Baker or about any can also wagger during these other born-occhiers in adulterers and whatever they are exeven we can talk about biblical law we can talk about natural law we can talk about the laws of the land I've already told you that we live in a country of laws not that the biblical laws are not the laws of the land well that's why I'm willing to talk about the other laws that's why Sodom is illegal in this state that's why there you know I want to tell you Sodom is what percentage of your audience broke the law last night married people and in their bedrooms broke the floor to law I'm looking you're looking at what I don't like I don't think you will call the call the Sodomy police immediately Sodom in generally refers to homosexual law wrong absolutely wrong no it is look at all the issues him with the facts I mean that's all he's gonna keep repeating it like he has a lot of other things you don't get used up you have a dictionary in the building you haven't even looked up the law I don't know I've read the law we've had don't you think I did this kind of a show for 15 years Reverend I will be right as I did it was hopeless certainly as you were I certainly as I'm sorry I don't know I can't go but you had made a good character because I don't have a fact if I have the number of the stands of my mind is it's the main calling which means that you have no argument at all right go ahead try to defend morally homosexuality try to defend your position defend morally first of all let me say this if two adults are engaged in consenting behavior that gives pleasure to me you want me to do something and now you're interrupting me do you want to let me finish the sentence or not my Reverend paranoia you let me answer you yes go ahead as I say when two adults are engaged in consenting activity that gives pleasure each other without doing any kind of harm how in the world do we have to justify that I don't have to justify that to you okay in fact if you and your other people of your health would mind your own business there would be any prep that's correct are we are going to go ahead very home are we have 30 seconds let Jason the Supreme Court has already said the Constitution doesn't confer a fundamental right up on homosexuals to engage in homosexual activity in the fact that homosexual like conduct occurs in the privacy of a home does not affect the result is that you think that the same Supreme Court that says it's okay to have abortions you don't quote them on that though do well I think there's one other you just like it so what the hell are you according to the misassource you don't even believe in the crime you and it not even even even even if you're disagree with both of you are we are going to take a short break we will be back you're listening here back with you on new talk radio 610 WIO G let's take I just discovered something while he tells me for the last 50 it's 13 by the way 13 years since I came out of the closet that I've been arguing for homosexuality I didn't know that that's what I was doing for you certainly are as I said at the beginning of the show I don't I don't need your acceptance I don't want your acceptance I don't give a damn about your opinion quite frankly because you're a very disturbed individual I feel sorry for you but as far as you know that that line about promoting homosexuality well you clearly know I'm not promoting any and and as clear on your right of our mobile of you didn't I'm trying to promote tolerance not homosexuality you sound like our friend Jack in the gable you sound you don't think you've had a conversation within before they showed me I really need to direct your point in front of everybody else I really need to get in here to explore something in your mind here are you suggesting that the most promoting homosexuality from the point of view that he is since he is admitted to homosexual that he then becomes a role model is more than being a role model but I think it's an immoral position because I mean he is my role position he's just saying who he is you saying that that is not a bit so I want to explore this with you when he said it's all right to be homosexual he says that there's nothing wrong with being homosexual now I now here's my question sure Neil Rogers gets on the air he says it's all right to be homosexual I get on the air and I say it's all right to be a homosexual head of sexual whatever you want are you suggesting that because Neil and I say that it's okay for somebody who wants to be a homosexual to be a homosexual that you would start having sex with him man I don't clearly know I wouldn't but I think that you have my opinion yes there's no way in you can make chopped liver or chicken liver out of chicken what what we worry can I put it okay chicken drop are you trying to say that no one is ever influenced in the homosexuality are what you are yeah exactly exactly to go back to the wrong that's the kind of what I'm playing I give you a little education you go back to something Steve asked you the first hour when he was talking about statistics because someone may have a homosexual act because they're confused or because they're going through adolescence or because they're that permanent that doesn't make them homosexual you are what you are and when you pick up a magazine when you're 12 or 11 years old and a picture of a centerfold and playboy arouses a young man that probably means he's had a sexual and if it doesn't that a picture of a young whatever he might be with almost no clothes on arouses the same young man that he's probably a homosexual nobody wakes up on one morning it says hey I decided I'm going to be homosexual or I decided I'm going to be head of a sexual in a genetic more or more well said it whatever you have whatever you have whatever Jason you can get bring in environmental factors if you want to put whatever it's not a choice it is not a choice nobody gets any more no more than you could go to bed with another man no one you're no different than anyone else that's you can never want to be a driver like that because one thing started meeting them then their whole argument is gone because they're trying to suggest that there is unconscious in moral choice that would be like saying that somebody unconsciously wakes up in a morning in his eyes they're sure you're having to let me in this side and that's a guy like a man there they're going to be black no I came on just to see I can't let him go ahead I came on to debate to the largest popular host that are advocating this position I think it's clearly wrong I think the majority of the people even in this community think that it's wrong uh we're about 80% of the people think that homosexuality is wrong for them no the question was is homosexuality right or wrong yeah that's what government martin thought about abortion and who would be actually went out and took a survey and they found out even in all of the community you're best argument is to call me a big it I have clearly don't you are a big you are a big no I'm not a big picture no certainly not you're just another rate off Hitler I'm not going to be fact that that's what you are and if certainly not again the kind of laws in this country to restrict the voice you you'd be out there stoking the ovens right now and don't tell us otherwise because you would the best you can do the best you can do is tell the truth is and I apologize to you it's a it's a call yes you want to answer the best of your head and orgasm that father perinoid have you ever had an orgasm I resent your question why I resent every thing you're sitting here making all kind of moral judgments about sexual activity not only homosexual but heterosexual as well why would you have a reason why would you have a reason why you are that answering that question I'll hide about that like all these born again you go up tight about something and deal with is it that the answer to the question would make you look bad in your mind is no I can't answer a question I think I've answered before you many times but no yes you're no you ever had an orgasm you're out of bounds you're you're a basketball reverberate you're way out of bounds and I don't I don't expect you to ask that question of anybody who comes up on this show I you're not you lost it why not really lost why not way out of bounds not a lot of bounds I'm even thinking you're sitting there and you're telling everybody in the audience that I'm in moral and all these other moments of people are in moral and if I ask you a very simple by a lot of questions I'm out of bounds I believe both the Bible both the old and the testists but there are other religions in the world and all those religions almost all the religion of the world are born hate can damn home and I don't know a lot of others you can call a baby tell me tell her as well don't say chase why do even countries are don't believe in in Christianity who don't even believe well I hate to break the next one but in all your all your countries that I mentioned to you before the dominant you're going to get a minute to get a minute to dominate this dominant religion and all the countries that I mentioned to you before is Christianity and they have a post Christian I'll get out of here oh he's clicking it he now he's come up to his post Christian fact how many of them fact is that he's trying to post Christian Italy is proclist how many of them go to church there you know what their church attendance is somewhere around 4% oh that's about the same level as homosexuals in this country yeah what are you saying I know that let's go to pop now we're going to take our first call pop it out you're on here hello yeah you get up set Neil Rogers is on to up to up steep pain grading which up or thank you that's it this is the best we can do for a hate call pretty sad is there anybody here something to do please we just hang on there's nobody I'm just we're trying to find one call it with real estate oh they may not agree is to the extent of how long it is I don't but they want really people out there that want to execute homosexuals right though we're not talking about in their right mind we're we're not talking about the extent of the punishment but I think most people are here we're talking probably being very interested in tell me I should be executed is homosexuality right or wrong the majority so we're not here to ask if it's right or wrong we're here to respond to the one who is read on the air the last time would you agree that the majority of people would agree that homosexuality is wrong absolutely absolutely no question thank you let's go to the only thing that the majority of people in abortion is a woman's choice i'd come on now they take it all these polls 76 percent 76 percent in Florida I don't believe I don't believe that all because you don't believe there you are you're every time we are election every election election election election but you know what you're telling the one last election we had three people who were four abortion three people who are against the who won that election which election you're talking the last one we had the presidential election oh the local election right here we had three people oh I see in the fact that all the Cubans came out and voted for really on a roster has nothing to do with tell me who the government of the state is yeah and you know something and tell me what you know the governor the governor is telling you the country he'll whip up a person you know the president of this country oh geez here we go now the politics start coming in I'll ride a thing we have where we are five hundred and six cases yeah here we go Jason we wouldn't take long before the right wing republican we have finally we have five right you aren't we don't happen to be republican what was it an issue you happen to be a republican are you will you answer the question you are republican we sure what an accident another republican what I'm not saying what a mystery we have found we have made Jason shut why do you do that to me and not to hand you're clearly gone way out of bounds you've taken a position and it's clear from from this what do you mean I agree with the deal is clearly the first so what am I supposed to agree with you my supposed to take out my branches to be neutral in not at all all right I finally found a caller who agrees we could we're in the firing water okay here I'm glad to put my IQ again hello Miami you're on the air hello what's if this one can do better than the last one are you there in Miami you know me yeah okay first of all Steve you haven't had a chance to say much today but the one thing you managed to say if Jason could have heard it and let him hear it is the biggest problem with with Christianity is that they got so many different branches and all shoots of it fighting against each other they're not going to accomplish what God wants them to accomplish and he is a perfect living example of that I thought you was being Jason I'm not preventing any other denominations I'm no religion from doing whatever they want to do I'm clearly not talking about Christian Jason sure let me direct myself towards a Mr Rogers first me of any promises by saying I'm trying to say I'm listening to your show I think you're a very funny man and I love your show however but however the point that Jason is trying to make in when he talks to you about homosexuality and when he talks to you about the wrong things the mankind is perpetuated throughout history like the Spanish English and position all kinds of and accruesides you know religion is not something of God no way but why are you smiling and laughing when I said that were those good things the religion is not something of God God is no place for religion I did not try to defend those things that is it that is it that thing that you have to go back 800 years is it for let it move it up a little bit let it move it back up to the Salem witch tribe I was no K for the for the go ahead sir don't let the barbarians don't close over the barbarians take over the Holy Land but not all came for the Christians to take it back that's an that's a real it's a real it's a real no I believe in ethical Judaism sir it's got nothing to do with God okay I told you how many of these shows I've done with people like you and many of there's tried it look you believe what you want to believe what I'm sure can I finish a sentence he's a call he's a guest you have but I'm not in the hand I want to reason you cut him off I'm cutting him off I'm not even a lot I'm cutting him off I'm cutting him off let me see if you're looking at the academic argument that proves the sir I'm the in the following to be a lot of the things what you want to believe I want to explain one thing and I will real quick I'm a bargain Christian tries to convert other people to believing in Christ for the reason that that is his purpose in Christ whether they want to or not not whether they want to or not sure not you're not you're not you're not the people that perpetuate this who are trying to impose their beliefs on people who don't want to believe them are the ones who are causing all the problems in Christianity you mean like you may like you may like Jason exactly do you think like the moral law God do you think that's just for Christians you think not only Christians should not lie to you already think that's for everybody I hung up on it because we have reached a break point so we'll be back listening to this car we are back on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD let us go to Miramar you're on the air hello hello the decay yes how are you listening I'm listening to the show for a few minutes and it just seems to me like the other guy not the Reverend but the other guy you've been losing it a little bit you know yeah the other guy I don't know what the guy's name is the homosexual the homosexual right right the fact well I'm not gonna call him a fact right the homosexual yeah you call this the homosexual so I think you should own up to it I should own up to it sure I've owned up to it publicly for 13 years how long of you owned up to the fact that you were a unit Reverend I never claimed to be anything other than what I am I hope to be Mary a lot of you what you hope to be Mary well you're not gonna do it at the right year going you're off to a very slow start yeah I mean can I ask you you know I can ask me anything I can ask you I want to ask you a question but is it I've heard so many times I'm not a homosexual or anything you know but if you I believe you never have a squishy voice of us okay it's not a little fruity to me pal really okay with that so it seems to me or I've heard many times that a lot of the homosexuals are people that were at one time or another as little kids of views from this pita or something like that no not true sir where'd you hear that who told you that well I mean it's just something that you hear it's like people that end up in jail as a as a young kid if you get to miss you to come about a jail sorry and no okay well that that will have to disabuse yourself of that notion if I can say no how old are you sir I'm 26 you ever had a homosexual exterior and never in my life no never thought about it never well good the Reverend loves you very much well thank you for the call I think I would be departed well he's starting to think I think most people will agree homogree with all he didn't say that he didn't say anything of the sortie just that he never had a spirit is that a sexual I could believe I'm sure he's had some sexual experience I could tell you since I could fill these phones for two hours with heterosexual males for two hours who would tell you that at one time in the life they had homosexual experience and most of them was still say homosexuality is wrong how do you know I think you where you can try to do it maybe most of them don't care maybe most of them what you find is your 90% of them will tell you that whatever a can you think of what you want to do is okay well that's going to do a survey you really want to clearly because you have consenting adults doesn't make it either moral or legal it is it's not about what the majority of people would say I am telling you we could do a two-hour lightning grant here with people calling in and you would find 90% of the people here would say that whatever consenting adults want to in the privacy their homies are on business and I will tell you assuredly that just because they're concerning adults make snow different that's European no not at all just I can't be opinion of the public understalling his mind I can blow away your argument right now Mr. Rogers this is who is side wrong what the hell is that going to be it only other way to do it one other word that doesn't do harm to somebody right we're talking about acts that don't do harm okay very poor very weak you can do it all over the next home okay it's all that's harm to the individual so we're talking about consenting acts that don't do harm to point you know that so don't bring in some ridiculous stuff about that that's what I'm honest honest you you can do it is that the outside is wrong and you can do better than that suicide is wrong and homosexuality is wrong lying and always we're all right okay moral don't change and cause why why why you're all two thousand years you're like we're on the same earth from the hell you're like hundred years you're so why do you keep interrupting my amy you're on the air hello hi how are you doing I'm doing good listen my name is Carrie I'm living home off for the city but I'm from New York I talked to you guys earlier this morning uh begin with who died in left Jason Bosch I'm not boss but what you you know I'm clearly bringing the right hand out no my grandmother is a Christian from A to Z I'm that saying I'm perfect I believe in God in my own way the one thing she thought me that I've handed down to my children and my grandchildren and that is you can hate the person for what they've done but you cannot hate the person for who they are what I want you know you don't know nothing I'm condemning I'm condemning homosexuality I'm not here to condemn I'm not here to condemn him I'm not here to condemn him I'm here to condemn homosexuality it's same line we love the sinner but we hate the sinner what is what we love the sinner but we hate the sin do you think God is in favor of homosexuality or see a message has he spoken against homosexuality I have never heard anybody talk down that talk down homosexuals before so that this could be a question have you read what the Bible says you're loving you say loving tolerated the old of the New Testament have you read what's just a Christian but a loving you know the major release brother the major religions in the world even if a lot of the old Testament you it isn't a New Testament Christianity except the old Testament what do you think yeah you're in your history if you know any homosexuals what did you tell you do I know homosexuals do you know anybody yes if you can condemn them to I condemn homosexual activity certainly and God because God does I'm sorry can you repeat that I don't bring in it to you no certainly not all right then because they don't bring it to me doesn't mean that it's all right that does not I can't excuse that activity you know I haven't had many prostitutes come up to me either but that their her activity is still wrong if she's a prostitute I and I and I are still going to speak against it because they don't affect me doesn't mean that it's all right what do you think God meant when he condemned the homosexuality in the Old Testament or the New Testament which does condemn homosexuality that is wrong so yes it is wrong exactly so that's why I'm here to try to help people realize that it's wrong when you're raising your kid on a more a grave isn't that which is more a question why do you get that why I want to tell us what you said last time you were here I'm about executing homosexuals on adulterers I'm not backing down from the biblical position okay so in other words again he wants to emphasize that he thinks that homosexuals and adulterers and forticators should all be executed along with we can have while in the pre-right and also disobedient children who are encouraged if you're going to make fun of the position at least let me explain this quoting it I didn't say I'm making what I'm hoping I want people to understand where it's Heinrich Paulus is coming from I deal but it's also requirement of God God commanded it and also if we had that in force we would have a safe land a land with not nearly the violence right here already have you ever heard the excuse somebody somebody does something evil they say the devil made me do it go ahead you heard that a million times same thing in reverse God told me to do it that's why I'm going to execute your back first you're full of that you are okay in other words if you're your patient you're being a non-whoreable God those who are reasonably in our safe safe only God who can make the judgment and if there's a judgment going to be made it'll be at the appropriate time not by reverent paranoid polis the new testament did nothing to overturn the moral of God that's to where parents said they decide they're kids don't I'm going to help society is going to be thrown to death if you find the chapter in verse you give me the Bible back please I'll trust me I'll find it for you're having a great deal of difficulty I'll find it all right we are garnishing your body we are going to you know you don't mind him going to your body did the lady have any other questions no sure because I hung up because we are going to take you were having an up trouble with you the more a lot God has not been overturned we are going to so glad to hear that we are going to take a break we've reached the God bless us all God what is it tiny tips at that yes God bless us tiny Tim we are all about him don't we we're going to break for the they always said that I was never quite sure that's it guys we were tiny Tim don't you know tiny Tim not from a Christmas Carol tiny Tim with a banjo right don't you have a fancy number of ribbon come on we are going to be back you're listening why not put a little on you stand W i o d he'll is going through the Bible here trying to find that parents killing their kids according to Old Testament law and he is agreed to totally stay out of this next segment because there's something that has come up that disturbs me deeply and I need to explore it with you and I want to remind you going in not that I have to remind you you're born again Christian you're obligated to tell the truth right everyone ought to tell the truth I agree with that I think you ought to start I will deal with the admitted to his right now but that's the good example of moral law everyone ought to obey all along now let me ask you a question we received the call from a young lady who was sort of telling a make an interesting story that I need to check out with you do you know a lady named share yes I do tell me about her I debated against with her at another news park radio Jnall right W Jnall that's correct she is a topless dancer is that correct no that's not correct what he was she was with some of the topless dancers that I debated against she doesn't work at more he's I think she stands bar there did you ever you met share on the on the leaf foul wish on Jnall correct yeah but this is getting in the you know no no no I just you have never done anything that you're ashamed of that you wouldn't talk about I didn't know but again I don't know it's fine that's fine well it's just you know find out you know did you ever call her contact with share after the program when you met her yes I I have contact with her okay you want to tell me about it well you know I haven't seen her since then we talked for a while after the radio show you never stopped by more no no I haven't so in other words if she said that you'd never saw her after the day of the show if she said you don't think so no I haven't seen her since the day of the show I have talked to her you call her yeah yeah I did but there's nothing wrong with that well I don't think I think it's the healthiest thing I've heard out of you in you know is in the time I've known you're I'm not criticizing I think it's fabulous and I just what is your I mean if you don't mind me sharing what is your interest in this lady who works at the topless bar we talked for a while after the show and I have talked to other people I've talked to people that have you know been on your show you know it's so we continue to just come over and watch you think I zoom it to Rogers that you don't want to continue to see if she's talking in other words in her conversation with Nick if she said that you would stop by to see her at her place of work she would be long yeah I think I think she would tell you that I have not stopped by there to see her well that wasn't what I asked you if you'd have you like if you that's your ask you know I'm not stopped by just go or home no I call the the place that she works at yeah okay to talk to okay and is this is your interest in her to kind of save her from this life of so I from what I understood she's a very well and dad lady too is that correct yeah and my not supposed to speak to her because oh I I Jason I think this is terrific I'm here to help how to encourage you along these lines I'm not I mean sounds like a kind of thing that I would have done if I was married I think it's I want to know if maybe being on the Steve Kancher I can take some credit for opening up and you up in this way well I have gone out of the forest that's what you're well but I mean it's just quite a kind of interesting that you would call her at a topless bar having met her I mean I didn't know can see what I can't serve position my concern was whether you were trying to save her soul or whether you were trying to act in a normal way and you know maybe you know get involved in a this something physical no thank you for your concern I appreciate you can you answer my question I mean is is your interest in saving her soul or procuring her other part now wait a minute what do you mean I ask you a straight question if if I were to ask her out I see nothing wrong with that I think it's fabulous I think it's good if we were to continue our discussion there'd be nothing wrong with that I think that's fabulous too it is this the first time I don't think it's fabulous I would warn her ahead of time this she's in for a lot of her I don't feel like that I don't want to agree don't feel like that I just what I was this the first time you've ever like dated anybody from the topless entertainment I mean I don't I visualize you as basic you're having a morning and Christian I don't say that I'm a part of your pattern I don't think that I'm dating her again I've not seen her since just that time you've never asked her out you never asked her to get together I mean she may be given us a wrong story like I called her up to get together and she was busy then she asked me to call back of Ivan Bailey since then we've not gotten together that's but you're it's been saving her soul I was interested in talking to her after the show but I'm interested in talking to many people after many of the show I did I do I think it is wonderful well I'm sure that's why you brought it up I wouldn't currently you're nothing wrong I don't I think it's quite to the contrary I think it's a wonderful thing and I like to do it right now I'm not surprised at it I'm not said well I was surprised I heard it but I would like to encourage you to continue to try to you know reach this I'm gonna say it again it's biologically impossible for a 35 is it not to have had any kind of sexual experience it's biologically not so I know I know I haven't found that one passage but here's a quite here's another classic this is so typical of of gods where he like kind of misses the target well you're hardly able to just David said to Nathan I've seen against the Lord and Nathan said to David the Lord also has taken away your sin you shall not die however because by this did you have given occasion to the enemies of the Lord to blaspheme the child also that is born to you shall surely die so again this is the sins of one generation falling upon the next side of the seventh day the child died that's how fair to you that's just why would God God and love and God in the other words if you're on the right grandfather did serve in Polak therefore you should die on the seventh day after your born that's that's justice is it that's the same kind of sickness that's not a here him account but what do you what do you think is all true here six is that's how fair if I admit it in the end of all people who wrote this crap and you know it as well as I do I deny that vehemently what does it have like justice to you if I committed a sin that my child die after seven days God or he's surely be God that God has the right to have he take for you if you want to call it blame God is a big enough God to take his blame I'm just as to you isn't it you he doesn't sound like just a few why is your angry because you're beginning to see a picture of the holiness of God the holiness and the justice absolutely just that's right and if somebody else commits a crime let's kill you that you know in other words if we can't get we're not be great that would be a tremendous way to increase the statistics with the law enforcement agencies you know they'd be a lot more effective if they can't catch the real criminal let's try somebody else just to make everybody happy and they're happy right there maybe in the neighborhood we do suffer we are interconnected we do suffer the things of our friends you know they doesn't alcoholic better chance of having alcoholic for a son isn't it more likely isn't it statistically let's let's make sure he doesn't by killing his son now here's the whole new avenue we've opened up you'll all the children of alcoholics because they got a better chance of becoming new alcoholics and going out there in a highway and you have to realize that's what I said before you really hear Reverend Bertrand you really lost it well Mr. homosexual you have it there we go Mr. Fag we've really lost it now if you're going to start name would you get nervous if I said the word penis on here would you start hyperventilating Jason I mean this is so too hot take it off when you say penis on here see he is hyperventilating that no I'm not you have one Jason you're getting upset oh I'm not I'm sorry what are these calls for a physical exam and you have it I'm not really the wording believe me that I think it all's for an exam I don't think it's you know pop or you know you realize what a hit he could be he could be on a roll though I don't penis got him hysteria how about nose some you see your problem is like all a born again Christians anything that has to do with sex you become absolutely hyperventilating it is hyperventilating it is hyperventilating it is hyperventilating in our according to scripture and you start condemning how many times of a quarter of the scripture today no not many times but I will tell you the Bible that stay homosexuality is wrong and majority is people that did nothing computer or you fight your reunion or the war or the green world we are we are books what dream if writing a she has set me if you anatomen who is that guardian even if art. mr. h models what that. You call it a father because then all I am in, because every time he is late, every time he calls it a march true. I'm homosexual and your paranoid. Oh, they're both true. It's not true and I'm not paranoid. But anyway, the bottom line is that I encourage people to read these fairy tales. You know why? Because if they will really sit down and get that book out and read it, they'll realize that they truly are the people who wrote it, they'll realize why they wrote it, and they'll read it. And then I can fill the harkey, all I do is get a fitty, and fill with a lot of things. There's no question, but when we get back, I would like you to find what you said you can. I want you to find that passage where it talks about all the people that God wants to stone and do away with the adulterers. He can't find it. He can't find it. I mean, I found it. I'm not going to find it. I'm not going to find it. I'm not going to find it. I'm not going to find it. I want it to part about it. I want it to part about homosexuality. I want it to part about homosexuality. I want it to part about homosexuality. That's like right in this finger. That's what came on the day. We are going to take a short break. Let's check in with excuse us. We are back. I see you, Dr. S. X. W. I. Did you get these new prices from Toyota of Hollywood? This has been an eye-opening. I want to get back to my question. I want to ask him a question. Well, I'll ask you a question, but I think that during the break we can we find a got a tremendous concession from Reverend Goyle. I think we're making progress. No, I think we will. Maybe you started out with visions. He's got visions of share in his mind or whatever that young lady that develops you as young lady is. And he said we were talking. So I said in the Bible somewhere it says that it's also was in the spill to see which means Master-Bad. And he said, well, he says, I don't believe in capital punishment for masturbating. I think I think that was such a concession on his part that's of you and the audience may have a free mind. You may rest easy tonight. Okay. No, I thought that your implication was that they were in the same category. And clearly the Bible was what I just said. How long did it end? I did it. I believe it is. I'd like to ask you a question. But doesn't it say in a, why is it that it's so difficult for you to say? Why does it say yes? Jason, let me help you. That is just a thing. That would be a say okay. Well, he says that. Doesn't it say that in the Bible? I don't. You're seeing it as a thing. Not specifically no. Oh, sure it does. Oh, come on. I'll shout. If you win. What did you do while I was? No, you have one who was condemned who was punished for it. Well, there was. But there were. There were still pitations that were just 61. There was. And he didn't think it worsened, that was no idea. That was just a little homicides. It was just a gimmick. One step back. Junk water. Okay. Was here to give you more time to explain, but that was impossible. Easy for me. I thought you  in there, so you're dealing with that skill. I knew that even thou was  I had to let me hear, but I could hear an answer. There was a show, but have Jesus stripped apart Ethan urning on earth and was ruled out. Okay. Nothing, as well. It's just pinpoint. Excuse me. How did you explain it yourself? I don't. I don't know. for a little while and parts of it. It does. But the part of the Bible he's talking about, it doesn't. I mean, the part that we're trying to find, which for some bizarre reason, he can't find about stoning to that the children and all the other litany of wrote, as punishment short and e-lines. Go ahead and read it there. Yes, there's a man who lies with the mail as those who lie with the woman, both of them have committed a detestable act. They shall surely be put today. That doesn't live at a kiss chapter 20. I'd also talk about some of the lies with the random one. Let me have the Bible back. There you go. He finally came. I'm not saying you. But will you? He knows I'm going to read that. I'll read it. I have no problem with that. You admit that you were wrong about what the Bible teaches. No, well, I've been a part of it. Yes, okay. I have forgotten about that. Great love of God. I know. I love you. I for one have no problem in saying that you are equally as absurd and your belief system is the old testament is. Well, killing children and killing itself. The old testament is not absurd. I give you credit for consistent. You know, I think most people even if they don't go as far as we even jellicles go, they will say that the old testament is at least basically accurate. It is clearly not written like a fairy tale. It is filled with historical stuff. I love it a lot more. I love it a lot more. They talk about blood offerings and all of that. So that's terrific. And of course that's the so-called temporary. It's terrific. What do you think of the Santa Maria? I'm talking about. You believe it blood offerings. No, certainly not. Well, it's said the old testament. Oh, my God. You believe in the moral law of God that is part of the time. What about what it says in the old testament? You weren't you telling me that you consistent with the old testament? You was believe it blood offerings. I'd be going to read the segment I brought it off. Oh, it's quite long. I'll just get a little what Jason's into here. Go ahead. Says what is left of it, Aaron and his son's already. This is death talking about a handful of fine flour. But we get on here to the, um, now this is the law of the guilt offering. It is most totally in the place where they slay the bird offering. They are to slay the guilt offering. And he shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar. All year. Wait a minute. Then he shall offer from it. All its fat, the fat tail and the fat that covers the entrails. Ooh, that's a good thing. And the two kidneys would affect that is on them, which is on the loins. And the lobe on the liver, he shall remove with the kidneys. And the priest shall offer them up and smoke on the autarism offering by fire to the Lord who is a guilt offering every male among the priest to make eat of it. It shall be eaten in a holy place. It is most, will you do that, Jason? No, no, no. What? Well, says right here, you said that the old testament is, uh, the power now. So the law, I said the moral law of the old testament's vow is a clearly, a very holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Oh, I'm like the holy. Now you can ask the question, the moral law are the things that are always going to be so. Things like lines, steel, and cheating murder, rape, animal sexual sexuality. Oh, yeah. By the way, uh, in that trolling for boys on the year, I think this guy's been hanging out with Jeff from, by, I really do. By the way, in that, uh, in the Bible, if you want to continue the sacrificial system, you have to do it at the temple and there is no temple anymore. So even if I were to want to, I couldn't, I would still go to temple. But there's no temple of Israel like there was back then. Oh, there's a temple of Israel. And they're in the right of the letter. And they're easy. And they do any sacrificing there. No, because it's pretty there. Smart enough to understand that a lot of this is symbolic, gobble the good, conceived of the minds of protein deficient, no bads wandering the desert. Superstical, pretty good in the aerosol, and mouthhood, meaning like the whole world of the dedicated land of the time. From this to justify their hatred. That's all it is. Putting from this to justify the entire healing of the whole circuit. I truly hope that you turn away from your, your law. I know. And I hope that someday you're enlightened enough to at least, I don't to at least, I don't get much, but at least at least be somewhat enlightened so that you can, what about the Holland? Tell me, just a little bit of tolerance, how about that of a hate thing? How about all the other nations in the world, how long they have to lay down this foreshadow, they all hate homosexuality, they all hate homosexuality, all the names. How about how the world, we have many, not only about well, well, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol. Well, I don't want to be circumcised. How about a lot of blame about that? About 70%, right. Okay, well, we got a break for a news update. What I want to know is that, but really, because I'm still hung up on that thing. When you call Sherrad her place of work, this topless bar for a date, did you have in mind knowing her in the Bible? No, certainly not. It didn't have biblical, how are you? Well, listen, you got to let me read this. Okay, this is about lepers going. Then the priest shall look at him and if the swelling of the infection is reddish white on his bald head or on his bald forehead. Well, I hope the birds not listening. Like the appearance of leprosy in the skin of the body, he is a lepers man. He is unclean. The priest shall surely pronounce him unclean as infection is on his head. As for the leper who has the infection, his clothes shall be torn. And the hair of his head shall be uncovered and he shall cover his mustache and cry unclean unclean. That sounds pretty good. Well, when it was contagious disease and very contagious and they were trying to isolate and they did that effectively. And he still cover his mustache. Well, that's one of the more the reasons the Israelites didn't suffer. Some of the other diseases that someone was on her side. Covering your mustache is a Courtney. All right. Well, I wish everybody this week would get out these bibles and read if they if they haven't had a few good laughs recently. They'll be on the floor. There we get back on the there is no book in the history of the world like the biotic goodness when we get saved maybe mind we get back when we get back we will get a little due to our enemy 21 18 check that out. Do to run of me 21 18 you're listening to the Steve Cancho 16 WIO do. All right. We are back on news talk radio 610 WIO do we're going to write a great wrong which has been done over the last couple years on the Steve Cancho where I don't permit the quoting of the Bible. I think we've done a tremendous disservice to the good book and what we're going to do to the next hour if you have any suggestions for Nick he's going to keep a line open and date and a braward about some of these horrendous Bible verses like doonoronobie 21 18 which we're about to go into. You would like to have Pastor Paul's account for what we're going to do for the rest of the show is we're going to do a little Bible reading on the show we're going to get into the real video. You know you're being in favor of reading the good book I'm here. I wish you had paid more. I wish you had paid more. I wish you had paid more. I wish you had a thousand little listeners. All right. Do you want to do a little point in what a trouble finding this because in my Bible it's got twice as many pages because one page is an English the other pages in Hebrew. So I'm looking like way in the back here and it's not it's in due to enemies. So we thank whoever called him this is due toonomy chapter 21 verse 18 if any man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey his father or his mother and when they chastise him he will not even listen to them. This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious. He will not obey us. He is a glutton and a drunkard that all of the men of his city shall stone him to death. So you shall remove the evil from your midst and all his real share shall hear of it in fear. And if a man is committed to sin worthy of death and he is put to death and you hang him on a tree his corpse shall not hang all night on the tree but you shall surely bury him on the same day for he who is hanged as the curse of God. So that's you do not defile your land which the Lord your God gives you as an inheritance. And then I'm sorry, isn't it? Now listen to this. I thought it was said less than this. Listen to hear some that I had never even seen before. Harada would go nuts. Chapter, oh wait a minute now you got to hear this. Chapter 21. I had trouble taking a woman shall not wear men's clothing nor shall a man put on a woman's clothing for whoever does these things is an abomination to the Lord your God. Well, just what do you want? Let's deal with them separately. We'll do the first one about chilling the kids. I have a big sense. Sounds like good parenting. Well clearly it's not again. It's not a little kid who won't eat his vegetables. It's clearly something far far more serious and I believe they're people today that are you got to do some work. You keep going. That gets drunk. No, you don't want to write to this. No, this is a girl who lives a person who is engaged to a man. I don't think another man finds a reason to be in lies with her. Then you shall bring them both out to the gate of that city and you shall stone them today. I mean do not just let me bring them go on. I will. But you don't want to be in chapter 21 and 22 23 21 and 22 are the best. I mean this is a classic example. A real good sampling of the kind of hate and the kind on the nation. But when you're still not even starting everybody at that time. What's going on? Yeah, you look at some of the cross-ides. Don't them today. So this said he believes that this is his belief. Yeah. Because he says he's a little bit of a storyteller. How you feel about this? Don't you? If you're engaged, you're a girl who's a version of God goes to bed with the take of both that stone them to death in front of the city. Believe that right. I do believe in the moral law. God. God. Yes. Right. The answer to the question. Well, I am answering the question. I think if we had this, this is not only God's ideal of God's requirement. If we had this, people wouldn't engage in the activity that we've described here today. You have a land that would be safe. You think we should have a land that would be safe. People would be totally safe. You wouldn't have you know, 100 raves in the city. But let's do it. Wow. Everybody in and repress them so much that they don't do it. I know that you want the right to be a moral, but there's no such rights. Just like having capital punishment from murder is we see this normal murder, right? I, when you got rid of capital punishment, do you know what happened when we did for 10 years? Capital punishment? But now we have it back, thank God. And then there's no more murder, right? The murder rate doubled when we took it away for 10 years. And just at all this time, the murder rate doubled when we took it away for 10 years. So you are now that we have you are for stoning the numbers and how do we have it back? And how do we have it back? The murder rate is going down. I don't think that's a question. I'm all of you. But I, I, I, I do think our capital punishment the way we had let's try every punishment is to leave you. Okay. Yeah. Let's get chapter 23 now. This again, these are so good. Because this is a loving God. And even if by accident, you should have some kind of deformity or something. He's also a just girl. No, no question. No one who is demasculated or has his male organ cutoff shall enter the assembly of the Lord. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. Again. This is something. No one has anything. All these things are things that people have no control over. No one of illegitimals, but they're going to be a legitimate birth shall enter the assembly of the Lord. Okay. So again, you can be an illegitimate child. Have no control over that. You should never let the Lord go. You want it at the time? I want to go and let him wait. Listen to this. You want to install, but yeah, the let me finish. I beg you. Let me finish. Believe me. You know, biblical action. Oh, I know. He's a great. I've seen that. I've seen that. Look for experts. No one has no biblical order. I'll let you the assembly of the Lord. No, I know and you're no Jack Kennedy. None of his descendants, even to the tenth generation shall enter the assembly of the Lord. So for ten generations, we're going to punish those people who are descendants of someone who was born out of that. You're like a comment. I certainly would. He's not talking about punishing them. What are you talking about? Is requirements to enter the temple or the priesthood? And you know, why that is because the priest had to be without blemish, which again is what the Savior had gone through. So another word like lamb had to be without blemish and Jesus was a soul. So what you're saying is it's a reason that if four generations ago, your great, great grandfather had had a child at a wedlock and that you were caught up in that ancestry that you wouldn't be allowed to preach today. No, no, that's where. Oh, yes, yes. That is what it says. Oh, wait. I found one that's found one that was for is what it's like the charloctone. Entering into the priesthood. I got one here that so far you haven't got many. Oh, I got one here. Well, you haven't got anything. I've won plenty. Okay, but not lately. Believe me. You're no biblical expert. Oh, I know. And you're no genius. Number 10. I'm not sure that you know that. If there I don't have an ample evidence here for almost three hours. If there was among you any man who was on clean because of a nocturnal emission, then he must go outside the camp. He may not reenter the camp. And correct. Well, they're why did God create that? How is that possible? I mean, that's a volunteer. And then voluntary thing. You're the one that's saying it's, you know, normal and good. I didn't make any judgment. I just said it happened. It's a biological. It's involuntary. I didn't say I think about normal good, bad or indifferent. I'm not passing judgment like you are. But how then why did God create the possibility for that to happen? You're sleeping all of a sudden. It's horrible terrible thing happens. And you're a sinner involuntarily. What God is saying is there. Requirement is when you come to the court here too much. But there are certain requirements when you come before him. And he has the right to make those rules. You know a woman who doesn't answer my question again. Well, I say I want to say if I want to say we will allow me to do anything. Well, you know, I could retire. Well, you're not answering the question. You're not. Let's go. Talk about being ceremonial clean and unclean. It doesn't have much to do with actual sin. When a woman has her period, that is also called ceremonially unclean. That's not saying that it's wrong. It's just saying that's a fact in God is saying that there's this everything wrong with it. No, it's not at all. God in what's our belief? Good. In this and this instance is talking about being ceremonial clean. Good and desirable in the eyes of God. You're the God has the right to determine the people that come before his table. God is unclean in the context that is used in the Bible. Consider it to be good or bad. You know, in that particular point, God is saying if you're going to come before the temple, you have to have forvilded requirements. He's not saying so there's something wrong with you if you're on point. He's saying that he was. And you couldn't if you were blind. You couldn't come before the Lord. He's not saying that's all. I see that. That's fair. You couldn't you couldn't be a Jesus. That's a lot of it. God is not on the line. You can't have a pre-stick your blind. That's not the point. His point was he was foreshadowing as a matter of fact in foreshadowing. Why couldn't a lamb, a lamb had to be with Balspa with that one. Why is that? Because the Messiah was that way. This is a bunch of. No. You have a roof. Not at all. Gobbledy, good. Not at all. Conceived in the minds as Madeline Meraher would put a protein-dominant, no match, manly watery. Not a delved. Colusinate. Tell me why they have about a thousand probs. He's an old testament about 900 have come home already. Now, we're here with that again. I would glad to do a show. A whole show about how many probs he's have come true. There's no book like the Bible. The correct doesn't do it. How many books do you know that can prophesy something beforehand? How do you know about it? How can you know about it? I'll let me answer that. If the probs are broad and generic and general enough, you could not know. No, no, no. Look at his he killed us. It's not the way. Let's say let the way of the little of the little of the little of the heart. It's basically, it specifically says a whole city will be getting, not all destroyed but tossed into the sea. Now, Zano, the great did just that. Oh, another homosexual. Oh my God. Wow. Did you know? I'd like to watch yourself. Another homosexual. Did you? Can you look at all those one year if you'd what I just said this problem? Can you refute what I just said? Can you refute what I just said? Another homosexual. Why you're letting go? I'm putting Alexander the Great. How come if it was prophesized, it would take a homosexual to carry this prophecy out? God can you, as many of you. Oh, yeah. He works in the series. Where's he going? Yeah. You think a whole on that one? I would have noticed that. We're going to be talking about the lame. True. Short crazy for Joe Brennan with Metro traffic brought you by Bells Alpha ability, cellular network. On New York Radio, 610 WIO, D11, one side, one bigger to hand. Well, later. Don't forget, nobody's coming up October 1415. I just mentioned that. Oh, I turned away from this. I had Mark, which of course is the part of this real bubble. I see here the new testament. And the testament is true. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. No, I don't much to take about William Ramsman. Do you say it? True. I have to. I don't have to do any more investigation. Do you say it's true that Mark, theologist have looked up on either cities. No, of course, you can deny that, but he got a question about it. You heard an Oscar as a put this head in the sand. Yeah. And we're working here. I think I've heard a lot of the highly motivated, not to believe that. But if there's no, there's no, you're going to make with Reverend Perinole. Yeah. Because he's made up to the mind. He said all the back and forth. If you'd like. I think you're trying to do that for three hours. I have no other to do that. Because you've got all the evidence. I haven't heard. I'm not hard to argue. I'm going to say it with you. I was you for the kind of hate monger that you have. No hate. It's kind of hate. I've been looking for a town that you're trying to warn. Oh, that's true. No, it's not an employee. No, it's absolutely true. I know. I'm a homosexual. No question about it. Absolutely. And I have no problem with that. I'm just a human. You're like Hitler and Dr. Mangalon. You're on a case. You're cute. All right. No, no, no. No, I'm not. I'm a beset looking to you for the kind of hate that you preach has nothing to do with all of these born again cultures. You don't have a lot of money. Thank you. Why do we want to? Why do we want to? Why do we want to? Wait, wait, wait. You've got to go into this. What are you equating homosexuals with rapists? I think the Bible certainly equates in certainly. Yeah. I think they're both kind of times. And they have income. The Bible equates them. You know, they're claiming the relationship. I'm getting at the Bible. It's just switching if you can with an A B switching the common sense with the moment. Well, the Bible is what does rape have to do with a homosexual act between two consenting of both the immoral. Yeah. Everything in God's opinion. Everything is in me. Is this not consistent? Both of you all the air have admitted this very consistent with all the Bible features. We're going to try to figure out how the Bible feels about you calling share at a topless bar and what's to get your heart only. Only I will say there are many that many. Can't anything without him. He's too now. What he was there. Look what he's just. I didn't hear what I can respond to. I didn't hear it. He was me of lusting after somebody. Are you going to tell me you had no luck now? Mad, you're a Christian. You sat there looking at her with her humongous maimey. You're telling me there was no lusting. I heard. I that was not. I want the truth. I think you're an attractive girl. It may as well as I'm attracted to them. What made your track? It could have a good figure. But doesn't that make her sexually attracted? Is that a chance you know? No, of course not. But why can't you talk about it? Without you. I'm not a time. What was going on? I was going to tell you. I was going to tell you. You can tell me what's in your mind. I'm asking you to get out of your mind and into your heart. The bottle touched about lusting in your heart. You tell me, Carter, of course he was a dead man. I asked you to look at your heart. You were not the slightest bit. Not the slightest bit of lust as you gazed at her breast. I stopped myself from not about that one facing her. Now he turned to the wall. Well, you're friendly. You were not that the way he was. But they said, why you the cold are back after. You had a good look from the wall. Certainly not. Well, the way you want to go out was. Was there any less? Well, you're hot. Well, that don't Christian have sexual love. They're linked to each other. There's a different thing. Good girl. Let me go ahead and explain. I said there are real living groups. There's a real living group. There's a real living group. There's a real living group. There's a real living group. I'm not sure if you're a human being. Sexual and drugs. And going beyond that and sexually. I'm going to ask you a question. Are there men who are attractive to you? Physically, a dragon. I'm talking sexually. Physically, a dragon. Sure, there are handsome men. Okay. Boy, that was quite an accomplishment. But that doesn't know. I'm not saying I'm not doing to you. What you try to do to me. I'm not condemning. You'll not try to sneak something in there. But at least we have risen to a level where we find that the lead. And they're all there. They're greeted both a Bible and now a Bible. But I know. I still have no more people. People we have two minutes to do. Before we go off the air. The majority of people, if we had an election today, and in Mississippi, the majority of people would take away civil rights and the right to vote from last year. Oh, God. Oh, God. That's a good thing. The majority of spouses of particular view. That automatically makes him fall. Excuse me. Because I've just exposed that nonsense. You thought he was a little bit. I just did. Please do. I just did. I want to get back. We have now 90 seconds. I still have not heard you say, as a Christian telling the total truth, there is not one little, itty bitty lust in your heart. Feelings of lust. Would you call share her plays a good one? How can their blood ever experience? You're letting him off the hook here. Was there anything that you're hard as you looked in your soul? What did you say to him? I tried to go lust. That's, I tried to stop that. Yes, I, you know, he tried to stop us. I was trying to get natural feel. So what you're saying is you tried to get it. It's a lot really. I'm sorry. He's attractive. Why do you trust after her? Well, you tried not to. You're saying you tried not to. But there's lust there. You're getting, there's lust. No, there's lust. No. There will be. That could be lust. It might be. That could be. That's it. It is. And we are still alive. People and we are able to control. So your way of your way of controlling your feelings of lust is to call around the phone. Try to get a date with her. Right? Is that your way? No. Why did you call her and put yourself in that position of the temptation? So what you're saying is, more or less the date, non-attractive girl. No, I'm saying that when you realize this, I'm going to petroforlust with this. But some bar made or topless dancer that Jesus would Jesus would tell you to keep yourself out of temptation. And not to call or this denim and equity, which he works. So I'm sorry. I'm not allowed to toss anyone who hasn't tried to say that. I'm saying what Jesus is. What you're saying is what you're implying. Jesus would tell you not to put yourself in temptation. What you're not doing. What you're not on as a person. You think that if we could get him to pray, could help Paul still wish tonight. I don't think so. Let's check in with your little face. It's a little traffic. Brought to you by Bell South Mobile. We're back. Versively for our, what will be our final hour. Hand people in his congregation. He's now being very said like 10 to 25. What kind of a congregate in a house? Well I see. So, because my dad's a man. You're like, I'm a brainster. Look, look, look, look what the Lord Jesus did, which is 12. But correct. Because my church is not all. I'm all about to double just nine. You're saying that I'm wrong because my church is fine. Both of you can. Members. But no way. Let me say this. James, James. I don't think there's anything wrong with you. I only have 10 members of your church. But I think it should be an indication to you that you're not in the mainstream of American think. Wow. I was also a religious point. Well, I was saying, man, even though American banking would think that homosexuality is wrong, they wouldn't go as far as the Bible. We've already did over that. Eight million times. But they know what I'm saying here. Everybody who did that, I'm going to read with them. How would the majority of them wouldn't want to go as far as the Bible goes? Or as far as you would go. I think you've already admitted that. And they don't want to stole their disobedient children to death. Okay. So, not sick like the knee end of the whole zoo. They stole the New Testament. Or like some of the people who were homosexuality. Not only just a little bit wrong, but it's very, very wrong. Very bad. I'll tell you what. I'm going to write it right now. Let me go ahead. Let me go ahead. Okay. So that adjacent rock, the man has been here. He's been annihilated and white-doubles not a lot. I really like you may think that in your own mind. He's still not even lost the answer here. I'm trying to get him to give you a chance. Okay. Well, thank you. Okay. How about the, how about the, how about the world? About 170, oh, we're on that. But, well, like, we're peeding the same tired garbage a million times. You're like an automobiles. You're a good garbage. You're a good garbage. You're a good garbage. Okay. So, how about the lines as he does, perishes? I haven't even finished it. Go ahead. Only about 12 countries of the world. I've played this 10,000 people. Oh, you have, I've been finished it. But you over to the last, so that's what you kept going. So that's about 7% of the world's population. And that is only in the last few years. And that is the civilized, those that the civilized come. I see. So another word, one other word, one other word, one other word. Roman and Greek, let me talk about Alexander the Great and we do he God's bidding earlier. So only the Romans agreed to. Was that within the last few years? Because I was just in Rome this summer. It seemed to me like all those old buildings are from thousands of years ago. Well, in Rome, homosexuality was a capital offense. If you're really. Yeah. How about in Greece? In Greece, of course, Greece fell that is quickly. Yeah. They're like, well, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, if you've read some of their writings, what they consider, they considered women inferior and therefore they considered the high, you know, some of the some writers who had homosexual tendencies that will, this is the high level. No, not some writers. That was a part of Greek culture. Don't feed me. You know, it's amazing how he read right history. Right. You know, right. You know, he's trying to say everyone in Greek culture back then with the homosexuals. He's trying to say that. I was coming. I was coming. The homosexuals actually. The homosexuals, we between older men and younger boys was considered the highest. Oh, don't go. The homosexuals say younger boys. Jack is going to go crazy. He's going to be right. That we're going to talk to him. Greece. And only. And only. He's going to go in far away. And only a few of those homosexuals. And again, they're just a couple of people. Like Alexander the one that they believe that men were superior to women. The Bible teaches that men and women are equal. Now. Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. The Bible four hours on that one, which is why we have only female priests in the cabaret. Right. We're living in different cities. That's why women couldn't vote until 1920. And this is a advanced country. You know, so you missed it. His best life is a difference between the priests and the people. Oh, of course. I just didn't know where it's strange. It's like there's a difference between being bear put present in the kitchen and being of all the history of the world. Out in the new room here. You're all in the nation and all the history of the world. What percentage would you say that is made homosexuality? Legal. I haven't got any ideas. I have no idea. I have no idea. I'm not going to take it. Guess I haven't got any ideas. What is this one? What would it be like? What is the one path? I'm the host of stopping this line of questioning. Right now. I must have gotten doubt. No, no. What you're doing is. What you're doing is. What you have done is because of four hours. Every time you manage to get the floor or you can do is come back to the same old lame argument that everybody else is in the garden. And not everybody. You know, you know, you're just way on there. And people are there. Let's do all the black people in the building here. W.I.D. You come in and you can put it in a cage again. Okay. I don't want to put it in a cage like that. What's the majority of the people in the country would be on the planet? No, I don't want to put it in a plane. I'll get out of here. I've had the chance to get out of here. I've had the chance to get out of here. I've had the chance to get out of here. I've had the chance to get out of here. It's not ridiculous. It's not like they racist disgusting society. People who are pretty. You and run around perpetuating. Here's the one that got racist on the program. I'm not racist at all. I'd like to be a lot of people who are dead. Everyone lives in the garden. Everyone lives in the garden. What they quote from the Bible is just to find their slavery. Why they will bring their voices on the front wall. The Bible is to the right man. That's what he needs to do. All those sudden Christians that are taught like you do, Reverend, that are for a cramp like you are. You lost it. You've not not a bad lord. You've not known. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm making them up. We've never had slavery. We've never had a party. We don't have the flame. We don't have Southern Renex. Who would like to take all of us? Good morning. Good morning. One day is a white-thinking boutons of black. Those things ended. I'm originally a good one. You're a humorous but an accurate guy. You're going to be a great one. I'm a good one. We only have 40. But not only did I know. I would like to try to. I would like to try to. We're illegitimate. I would like to try to try to help you guys. Again, the majority of people don't think homosexuality is. You don't have anything. I don't have anything. Hold on. You're helping. Okay. Here's me. I know if you have on our hotline. Yes. Yeah. Oh. Would you be interested in talking to me? No. We don't have share on them. Read this. Hold on one second. Oh. Okay. We have somebody on the hotline. Just going to give us some information. You're there. Yes. Hi. Hi. Hi. Who's there? I'm Brady. I was at WTA and I was. Hey Brady. How are you doing? I'm a story with Jason and Sherry. Well, it was fitting about six inches away from each other. You. Six inches. Yeah. Well, they were kind of cramping there. They were five of a sudden. Right. And it was interesting. Did you get the feeling that Jason had any kind of attraction in the way he behaved towards your. Oh, he brought people. What? What is that a real man being wrong with that? No. Brady, which one were you? Were you at the microphone? I was sitting next to the as they referred to as the mother superior. Mother superior. Okay. What does that mean? What do you see on her. Oh, I see. I see. Well, what's the one. I'm sorry. I want to find out what's going on here. Is there any hope for this? This couple. I mean, Dr. Do you think you. Well, you'd be a like. You didn't hear something wrong. You see what just happened with a light. You know, light. You think God is wrong. What's going through this? Oh, my God. The light's just flickered here. The Lord is having an nervous breakdown. This man has lost in his heart. Come on, Brady. We want the story. Tell us. Well, I did speak briefly with share this afternoon. Okay. And she said, yes. She does verify that they do speak. They do speak sounds like more than once. Well, I guess they have broken on the phone a few times. You know, now, that Jason. There's nothing wrong with that. No, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'm going to tell you exactly what's wrong here. Jason, that you lied. Hold on here. You said I called her once and she would go out and I never spoke to her to that. You lied. No, I didn't. Did you get it? Our flickering. I said, I called her. The Lord and I said, he's rat. I said, you look the Reverend parent. And later I was busy. I never got together. Did you never have to see talk again? The Lord is a woman. I'm going in just a minute. How many times have you spoken to her? Oh, I don't know. Come on. Come on. Let's stop. You can be on. You have a strong Lord. We'll stop. Come on. Come on. That man is a fan of you. You get testimony. He's getting better. You're the only one. He's true. You what they do right here. There's nothing wrong with me calling her. I called her. She said she was bidding after me call her back with which I could. More times if you remember. I was telling. What? She was visiting her. I wonder. Well, wait. We won't wait. Hold on. You called her back more sides than you were meant for. No no, it's too hard for you. Is it something wrong for? Is there something wrong with me calling me? No, but I want to know what your attention is. And if you're a shoe-like shirt, there's no chair to do it. Nothing, immoral or anything like that. If that's your idea, I ask you what would be done. I ask you what your attention is. My attention is horrible. Don't you guys know what that means? No, this go back to what we're talking about during the break. We were kind of measuring her as a preacher's wife. What kind of preacher's wife should we? Did you not say that during the break? You're out of bounds. I think it would be hard for a person with her back around. But it's a stranger thing to happen. But that's a thing that would be hard for the person with her back around. What's wrong with it? I think she's a very fine person. Well, she made she may be. And I don't know her nearly as well as you know. She may be, well, you keep calling the screel for a day. Did you? It's only maybe that she's a fine person. Well, I don't know her very well. She's right. What if you didn't go back to a life of trying? You seem hung up on this for some reason. Yeah, just I've never gone out with anybody before. Well, but with you, you'd probably the way to share dance. You know. She said there's not a dance. She'd wear she just a bar, made, or whatever. She's the bar. She's the name bartender and day manager there. I see. I see. Is she having interest in Jason? She's the Keras. That I don't really know. She doesn't talk a lot about it. I just mentioned who I could stay with my day office. He was on the radio. Right. Let's see what I want to talk to him. I would love to have her call in here to find out what the real story is. Because it's not every day that you get a appreciate your heart. It's morning again. Men have born to get metasteroos. You know, trying to date a top of a bar, you know. I think it has real potential. You think she could straighten about it. Well, we're really asking. I think so to speak. We talked for a while after the, you know, after you tell that you're a version. I probably think. I believe it wasn't. I didn't get something. I was. I think it's a great delight. Well, that is probably a turn up for all I would guess. You think? Wait, you would like to speculate for that for us. I could be a pretty funny woman, really. Absolutely. In fact, maybe you wouldn't share it together. You know, I would just go with it with Jason. You think? I can't because I'm there. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm just out on the best things. I'm sure that no shortage of ladies who would be willing to volunteer to wrap that, you know, to make it rude. I'm sure there would be a lot of women that would be willing to be a volunteer. Thank you. I appreciate your call. All right. All right. So far anyway. You, as you talk to her, we really want to get a whole of the chair, you know, to get her on the air here to find out to you how many times did we really had conversations. It started like, why? I think that is, I think. Well, what difference does it make? It's, you know, there's nothing wrong with it. I think it's terrific. I think it shows this hope. What's taking your heart? No, I'd like to go by normal moral. Oh, no. There's something wrong with last time. I wouldn't go that far. No, he wouldn't go that far. All right. Well, let's short of it. Brady, I thank you very much for coming. He was trying to sell us this idea. He just called her once and now it turns out that he's been a call. Somebody called you. He doesn't around. Yeah. Brady, nice talking. Thank you. Here are best everybody at Maurice. Tell the girls to watch out for Jason. All right. All right. Bye bye now. We're back on Newstalk Radio 610 WI at DSV now. Have it gone through this credible period of harassing and harassing and arguing with Jason Post. We're not trying to reach him. This is not here. This part. Now, we are on the phone. We have Maurice. Topless bar on the phone. We are attempting to get a hole of the lady of your heart. Who you are. You're falling on the phone more times than you could remember. No, no. Yeah, but it's a big challenge. I think it's three times. She asked me to call back. We talked to her phone. And that's, you know, perfectly now. Now, this is a shot. I talked to other people. I talked to other people. I've talked to other people. I've talked to other people. I've talked to other people. There are people tuning in and out of all the time. A lot of people don't know what we're talking about. We have on the show the good right reverend Jason Post. We have Uncle Neil Rogers on and we found out that when Jason and there was a show in Palm Beach. He was talking about homosexuality. When he had a show in Palm Beach that there was a very voluptuous young lady who worked at Morris, which is a topless bar who Jason has been to have a continual contact with over the phone. Her name is Cher. She works at Morris, which is a topless bar. This is the lady that Jason has been calling. We have her on our hotline. Are you there? Yeah. Cher, how are you doing? I'm out of here. You're up working there at Morris today? I'm out. How's business? You're at Morris now? You've got a lot of people up there? You've got a lot of topless bodies swaying in the breeze up there? You can't hear me. I can't. We had Jason policy, a reverend Jason. The man who's been calling you continually on the phone. What is the story between you two? You sure? Why does he keep calling you? Why does he keep calling you? Do we have a bad connection if you want us to call you back? We're going to have to call her back. This must be an act of gun, you know? Hello? Hello, you there. You can't. You can't. Can you hear me now? We have Jason here in studio. He wants to go out with you. They're busy harassing me here. We should go out with Jason. Have a nice day. There haven't been great fun with Jason. He needs help. Can you help him? What do you want to help him? What do you want to help him? What are you talking about? I have no idea what you want to help him. You don't know who Jason is. Jason is Polish. How many times did Jason call you on the phone? You see the harassing me here. They're harassing me here. They certainly are. Is there anything wrong with me calling you? I don't know. Yes, go ahead. I understand. We're very kind to speak with us. God, talk to Jason. Jason, talk to him. Is there anything wrong? Was there anything wrong with me calling you? God. They're trying to make a big deal out of it. They're making pictures. They act as if we're done with me. They're being lost. They act as if we have done something wrong. They're not. I'm not. I'm not. They call. He was just talking about how he keeps calling you on the phone. He wants to go out with you. No. I'm not. I'm not. They call. Certainly not. He was just talking about how he keeps calling you on the phone. He wants to go out with you. No. You know, you guys are out of bounds. Way out of bounds again. I feel like I'm in a soccer game. I'm sorry. I did not want them to call you. Hi. What is the problem? They seem to have some kind of problem with us. They seem to think. What was it? What was it? What was it? I don't know. Who does you tell? He talked to somebody at WJ and I was a matter of fact. He's been on radio a couple times. I've even heard it in a four-lauter-dale in Palm Beach. And I don't know how they knew. You didn't tell anybody? No. How would they know? I don't know. I would wondering myself. Did you tell anybody, share? I don't know. Anybody hear? Somebody hear? I don't hear. When he called. Everybody hear. I see. Well, somehow word has gotten out of this romance. I think it's fine. I think it's very better. Yeah. This is actually what it was. What is the big deal? Well, he's a minister who doesn't approve of the kind of establishment you're working in. And real? No, no, that's the big deal. And the fact that he's less than getting his heart to you. You're a bunch of your body. That's the way to be. You're out of bounds. You're way out of bounds. Why are you calling her? Why are you calling her again? You're trying to get into my personal life. Well, you're not only just telling me. Just tell me. Just say, you know, that you're none of your business. Just say this no truth to the river. We're just good friends. Well, I haven't seen her since the radio show, but not for lack of time. Correct? Well, she's been busy and lately I've been busy. That's the way it is. You're going to keep calling her? You know, why don't you butt out? You know, who? It's not her your business. I think we touched the wrong move on as a business. Jason. For his man, would a holy man live? A man of your business. When a holy man of God, stranger than the other. He gets on the air and at professors to not have any human Equations towards sex and was, you know, calls, they look for you as an sex and lovely lady. So, you know, he's a more- No, I'm always supposed to be non-attractive girl. That's basically what you're saying. That's brilliant. We just wanted that in real life. You're not going to want you to be honest. We want you to be honest, you know. I just want to get to this way. I do not lust after anybody. Well, you know, I don't believe in lust, so I don't. I've been a very attractive women. But I try not to lust for what is it particularly about care that you like? Yes. I've never seen a care what you lost for work. Well, you've been very, very rarely give me a chance to say anything. Go ahead. No, no, no. What is it you like about her? Why do you keep going? Share it. Share what do you think about this? What do you think about this harassment that they're perpetrating here? Jayson here. Jayson here. Jayson. Jayson. I don't have anything to do with it. I said, you know what? I want this to be said. Would you describe the expression on Jayson's face as like the little boy who got his hand cut at the cookie drum. Jim. I don't know. I've not done anything wrong. I didn't say you did. I know. Look, he asked me to describe the look. You have that Jim. I don't think that's going to be a real harm to him. No, I'm not. Not at all. Well, you talk about where you're in. We are just implying that you'd like to know. No, I think that those. those things are starting to search in his mind now we need to watch it all chair let me tell you something you you're I'm sure you're a very loving lady I never get a got a chance to see but from all reports hello you there from all reports you're very lovely lady and I wish you luck with Jason you'll need it all right you think you're gonna be able to help him a little you think you'll be able to help him a little I'm sorry as they call I don't know how they got your number but I know I know I know I do how we did this but anyway share we appreciate you sharing your relationship with us all right thanks for calling that was it I gotta tell you why do you enjoy that I it really don't you know more he public is gonna be an on this story pretty soon this is incredible we're talking about we have a major news story we're gonna break for news updates speaking of news you're listening to the Steve K.A. show on six-hand W.I. putting yourself a jeopardy by pursuing this relationship if you want to hang on to you know this idea putting yourself in jeopardy by pursuing any relationship because when you say that was no way to make it when you how can you have a relationship if lost is evil and sinful how can you have a relationship that ever develop any kind that ever develops into something if you don't lost for someone in a physical fence how is that possible because you can have physical attraction for somebody without trusting after what is lost well I think lost is clearly going beyond just physical attraction it's best for you to thought in your beyond what is it's a cycle of the dire I was that bad is that evil if you don't act it out until you're wedding night why is that evil well because for one because Christendasy well but that would let's you know Christ out of the moment he came back to get back to share and I want to know if you've ever had this feeling so it's that's how you have it tell me with it well if you never develop the sexual desire for somebody even on your way night why would you have sex with them if you didn't have a sexual desire if you're physically attracted to someone you will know that I was a know that I was born that I'm so disheartedly ignored my question about whether you're in a rough allowed all right now he's in a rough thing so I think let's get one of those go back to Los Angeles year you don't have to lust for a woman I don't know when they're answering my question many people have not lost it for people in other words if you had sex with your wife it would only be kind of like a obligatory no not at all why don't you want to answer my son God made sex and he made it very good we are so you know how would you know how do you know he made it very good you're really you're really good what are you waiting for you really let them get off the hook here he's love me like to go back to court with you the rest of the out because he had to deal with his lust for God made the rules and he said his name within the right context so why don't you want to answer my question I do now if you lost you was no I got you never had no I've ever had a lust for I've never thought of what you would look like with no clothes tell me the truth no I do not I do not think like that but she is an attractive woman with what with large he has a good figure but that's not there's not any more about having a good figure is it right but you don't listen you don't think you're pretty yourself in jeopardy by pursuing this well I maybe I won't pursue it maybe I'll be your head second thought I think you're doing this here I think you're shaming him out of you know I listen to the being on this could be his only hope thank you I appreciate it no no I'm serious this could be like the fans of a lot of time and he's that are feeling on the air here with this and I think the best thing that could happen for the right Reverend Perinole it would be to get laid I'm sure there you go Mary no seriously to get married I have a wonderful wedding night in the cover not a one a year about what you think for me because I already know that I'm going to fly in oil or something when it's you're gonna pull the water away come to my church I don't hate all the water come to your church I only got like for that whole people they're probably all ugly I hope there's just a little joke I hope you see for some odd boncom person I don't hate homo I don't want to become a Christian you don't hate to be a one I don't I don't I don't I don't hate my favorite I do believe in capital here for the work you want he doesn't hate you but he wants it and I couldn't even take off your temper if I became Christian when he wasn't executed you with love you're right that makes sense you have an answer right if you're in the expression killing with kindness that's how it's board again killing with God in the God of love but he loves so much and you know I was able to look at that cross-eyed man love off with the house making those eight the babies right you do are you're beginning to get some of the pictures of the whole and they're got a whole man got a question about it and that's what that basic right I'm not he's rats y'all wax hot he's up there with whips and chains and off with your head I want you to say at the pearly gate oh I'll say oh God this is good just like you'll say on your wedding night oh God that's good I'm gonna ask you not a question would you like to be a fly on the wall I'm not gonna woo you talk about you remember the scene I don't know I'm going to buy on there you go you're better you wrote with the where the rockets are going off and right all I remember all well rather talk about we may have like mount the studio so over again I might be like a you know ruptured in the year you know a question I haven't had answered yet why is it that even now why are you so why are you so hung up about that why are you who are you going to be a board again did somebody teach you was on clean or was filthy or body is dirty why do you know honesty why do you not my type but he's not a bad looking boy why don't you want to look in a lie but a normal looking 35 year old guy I was looking at the house I'm just joking by but you're a normal looking guy why is it you feel like sex is so on clean why are you so up tight about it that's one thing about the born against vending this is what they have to do they have to indoctrination body is filthy and this is very honest that's not all I said that's what this is a product of years of brain God I never heard I have God does have the right to do you're not a boy you're a boy you're a woman why is it that most country to the world down the road you're a I'm good how are you good I'm talking to I call him originally that I just agreed the rabbit but there's nothing that he said that I agreed with that's not this call was there when he was talking to her when you were talking to her eleven we said he's very upset with you and told you to write out that's personal business right and I'm sure that made a very upset when you brought it into his personal life like he's doing the mine of course exactly because what he says is personal life as long as it doesn't hurt anyone he says that that's more role and what everybody else is doing is him or she's got an answer for every time I think homosexuality is wrong you're not going to I don't know how many times preaching the gospel preaching God preaching virginity preaching purity preaching all the stuff and low and the whole I just covered that when he's on a show in in to know up in West Palm Beach with a a a volatuous bar made a work of the top of the place that he's been calling around the phone right and left trying to get dates with it you don't find something the tedious we need to be a bit different critical about that I do I so that's why I brought it up and you think there's anything wrong with it you think there's anything wrong with what what the fact that you are wanting to date with I think there's something wrong that's nothing wrong with getting on the air kept in a such right kept everything that I didn't want to go around and call except that you met with a large bazoon's on a rainy show your yeah yeah I don't know you're out of bounds again you want I think you if you get a free kid you're a good one is that the Reverend gets very uncomfortable and angry when other people want to be on his personal life with I don't want him I would too but yet if you had no plans about getting involved in other people's personalization does it well when when you're teaching your child you teach him not to lie or or steal yeah so why the hell did you tell me only color once would you cry I didn't know you that I told her I told you that you deliberate I told that there come on I asked you this one where you said I just told it once that we could get together that was it that you call their five six times how many times has it been you you multiply you told you could be remember having a time seven or eight now you guys I don't know you're having on but you're trying to fabricate things all in the fabricate all you out of the fabrication we're ready to slide and you just call this lady once you've been better in the life of it I've not seen her since then and there's a bunch of big trying having you over it over again the fact that you won't give it your kind of lust doesn't mean that you have big trying you're way off of it all the way off days we're going to take a short break a break while Jason takes a free kick you're listening to the she angel on six times W I O G now it's twice the cup I think I I think you're hitting him by tasting the floor Jason well I almost I'm not I had a major score on the on the break right there and I don't know well no her either no I'm sure I don't know her I didn't get involved with any of that that part of the trip you were that the fact her she's had the good thing to say yeah this is by too persistent call let me just tell everybody about coming here petable sale it's just Toyota Hollywood you realize that I appreciate it you are you are you're right as did I bring this out of you because in the past you've been so nice to him you know you may be I can't you I don't think so I can't you I'm talking for four hours basically that whole situation yeah yeah you were talking if you don't want to talk about your dirty launch that was yeah dirty laundry I was like it's not the question you don't want to talk about just about it yeah that you guys are right well before all right we have to have it in less you're right you're not doing my best you're going to tell you how you think about it's exploring a relationship with here so I don't now I think and everybody say you don't Jason I've always taken a position on the show that I try to help you and I'm your friend I don't deal get angry for this I think that you really oh share yeah I have to call on that yeah other I think I think I think I think you know I was wrong you did do a favor because here's a perfect excuse for the next phone call and I think I think you should say share I've asked the apologize for what happened today I have sorry that I have busted it my heart I do have these high biblical ideals but every now even then you know I am human and I get caught up in this lustful thing and you're just so beautiful who are you to your charbed your being your wife over well me you're making all that off you right this is a big I don't know I don't think that that's a proper suggestion for me or for her could I tell you that I tell you that you should take my advice I used to be pretty good at this I did I'm trying to hurry for a so give her a call and see what you have but I had to report back and it'll be sure that you would like that I I do have a question for you have assumed that I hate homosexual because I believe that homosexuality is wrong and because you want to ask you that you're a whole body who there's more to increase in the phone call so oh no here we go with the cold you know I got news I think I could get you the would attack the Catholic church in the pulpit before I was looking for another show and you know it as well as I think you have any use it's a so like a Catholic church so don't start calling the question now okay if I said what I want to talk about the Catholic church is a simple one I'm somebody gave this to this rule that you'll start doing a fast and full question about a prayer for five and you can you not see that you can hate this and all that they'll biggest cop out of her I'm a professor he didn't want to do so what happened with her oh she repeated for all the evil and all the hate that she spewed on everybody and she said she's sorry that she did it in the first place it was wrong and it was especially an embarrassing and humiliating and degrading I thought you were ashamed I thought there for four hours you ought to be ashamed and the thing spewing this kind of hate you ought to be not any more of your health helping young guy like you you don't have any church to be anything to do with it members you ought to get out there and go up for chair and you know have a good time go okay I get back I'm living a real life there's nothing to do I'm taking my own life trying to make it oh yeah I'm not saying you need to go we're the one that keeps saying I don't have to do anything to you you're right I'm just trying what being a homeless I'm proud of being a common decent human being which is more than I can say for you a 35 year old virgin who's sitting here right in the face because he was exposed you're a lustful thinking and he's then the next phone calls that you're making on the right allegations that you have no rights to make I have no right to make I like I told you during the break I don't care what you do because I don't let you make them have a baby and you're sitting in judge and I'm not your body this is you have just said no you don't fight about that what's your name with beautiful body you know the truth is that you are homeless sexual trying to kill you I'm not a criminal I'm not a criminal I'm not a criminal I'm a criminal I'm a criminal I'm a criminal I'm really have a lot of you that's about the show gentlemen I got to say we call you people like over here we come because I like you're gonna say the same thing 600 times I want to say you never bother to answer the question I want to thank Uncle Neil for taking it we had to be there and all it was a bit was something else and then I made you a lot of the same look a little more compassionate you know for a child he's still a heeple well I'm not even a stranger oh my church what's that really what you see it so I'm not heeple what I don't want to come to your church I don't want you or anyone you okay I live your life I think your hands are hated they say that I have a great one we have to do my own can I please do my last day of our school very well and share with the public you should find the expression share with the public out there the fact you