Paradise and that's why you know people say well if you don't like it, why did you get out of here? I do I love the climate okay? But it's frustrating to live in a community that's got the potential to be everything this one does and see it be such a horse and buggy town How can it's almost it's almost the year 2000. How is it possible? For a community. I'm talking about daydbroward Palm Beach 4 million people okay one of the large markets in the country made your market How is it possible for this to still be a seasonal town when you tell me that how is it possible? No answer There is no answer no there's no answer because again the politicians won't respond to it because none of them's got the balls to say this is crazy What they do is they help to perpetuate it. They help to make it worse. They cater to it I'll tell you I'll tell you what would solve a lot of our problems. Let's let's we ought to have a 10 year period in which no politician can run again Become or in no incumbent can run for reelection Then you'd see some changes Instead of these little empire builders at a very shrivers who suddenly have a political awakening and change party Because they find that there were a lot of Cubans in their you know in date County and they need their votes So a lot of a sudden they become good little Republicans the same people who were endorsing Ted Kennedy in 1980 Our good Republicans And instead of being empire builders and worrying about their $6,000 a year jobs that they spend Hundreds of thousands of dollars of other people's money or in some cases millions of dollars in a mayor elections You have to really wonder about that don't you? Why somebody would spend say a million dollars to get a job that pays 6,000 a year? You know that's yeah, perpetuate a real pond to risk question in all levels of politics. Yeah, exact Millions of dollars to go other people's might have get a job that's pays a 60,000 80,000 6,000 even a president only makes 200,000. It's right Some pay a dollar a year Some jobs God yeah, I had a good rainy wonder. It's an ego trip. It's a power based It's an open door to every kind of scam and every kind of rip off how many people like Lyndon Johnson he came at office He was basically a shepherd when he died He left millions he owned radio stations. I mean you name it multi-millionaire And I thought all during that time he was supposed to be the president Of course we would have been a lot better off if he wouldn't have been but that's another story He was busy sending American kids to be killed for five years. You know he was too busy I mean this it's just astonishing what this country is becoming and nobody cares just give us Just give us more downy junior and give us Haraldo and give us Sally Jesse and give us Glooress laying you know, I mean it's got to stop somewhere for crying out loud They're got to be some things that that count for something Don't there? I mean life isn't just one big escape. There's got to be some kind of meaning or substance to your life But not in this community man. Hey, we're used to it. We don't give a damn Just keep out those foreigners man and anybody speaks a four-legged would hear screwed up you know, but I mean that's that's a terrific solution to the problem It's it's unbelievable really is And now all of a sudden you in fact was that in a hero that you open all those pages? Yeah, yeah the hero Well, but first of all, let's take a look okay. This is the middle. This is two that is right in the middle of Super Bowl week Okay, and of course we know because we are your Super Bowl super host station in case time backup Forget front page front page full color pictures how often do they have full color pictures of my amy on a front page? Okay, like that police chase sparked violence over town melee erupts after motorcycle is dies And an interesting Martha McDuffy was on a motorcycle isn't coincidence I guess now it just to go incidents, but I mean I mean I only mentioned it in passing as we have no details What's so ever of what really transpired whether this guy was about to hit the cop who wound up shooting or what what went on there? Something obviously happened that triggered the shooting And then you open it up and after you get through the Jordan Martian bird-eye in Zads page 13 That's the incredible pages 12 and 13 and isn't that ironic here's a big thing about Jackson rips Reagan and Martin Luther King rights Martin Luther King is turning over in his grave, okay? Here we go 13 13 a big big pictures Fire smolder police cars bodies rocks gunfire disturbance erupts after police chase six schools closed today Why the black community was tense And all the recollections of the Liberty City riots back in here again too Hmm Oh and listen listen to some of the comments community leaders all those are good. Yeah, yeah Dorothy we've reformer president of the Miami chamber of commerce You know how much I love those chamber of commerce types they'll tell you the truth at any time boy They'll really let you know what's going on Dorothy says obviously it's a very unfortunate thing for the image of the community because single events tend to get a tremendous amount of media Attention Single events is though this is some kind of an isolated event that doesn't occur here very often We don't really have rampant drug problems in this community. We don't really have corrupt police We don't really have a terrible tension between the police and the black community and other segments of the community We don't really have refugees pouring in on buses We don't really have people living on the streets. It's just a single event that the media gets excited about right Dorothy Brilliant Carry mekestate senators says as I wrote today in a Martin Luther King parade Young black people were shouting at me about how they saw Nicaraguan's being hired for five dollars an hour and then we're yelling why can't you get me a job? You know the attitude see that's another another reason another big reason why the so-called black community in South Florida is so much different from black communities in Atlanta Or insane Lewis or Indy Troy or in Boston or in most of the country Because we got a real bad bad bad attitude that exists in much of the black community here in South Florida And I'm not saying that these people haven't been suppressed because they have something fierce in this community But after a while you can't keep pointing to finger at other people and blaming somebody else for bad attitudes Walking around with a ghetto blaster on your shoulder with a givass attitude isn't the solution to the problem in the black community, okay? And standing by and watching drug dealing going on rampantly and over town and Liberty City on every street corner And I've been talking about this for the last seven years and it's still just as bad as it ever was That isn't the solution to the problem either and just sitting by idly and keeping your mouth shut because you're afraid Reggie Williams bangles lineback remember these Cincinnati City Council who obviously is A great American sociologist says it concerns me that it happened on the celebration of Martin Luther King's birthday It points out that we still need to work more together. Oh, there's a very profound statement by Reggie Williams I wonder why they didn't ask Reggie Jackson or Michael Jackson Oh and Sergio Pereira the former county manager and his infinite wisdom a brilliant man We'll say you a suit any day of the week Sergio says a lot of us got involved and put a lot of effort in the Super Bowl because we thought it was a great opportunity to revive the image of South Florida and Miami now this hopefully it'll just Listen to this line. This is the greatest line in the history of Miami This is even better than what that idiot Maurice Ferray said a few years ago about hey, you know It may not be great, but we don't have to worry about the recession because we got the drug economy going on here Everybody's got suitcases full of money. This is even better than that Sergio says hopefully it'll be reported just as a crime incident And this is on a page and right next to the right next to his quote is a picture of the burning Channel 6 staff car And above it here are the police and on the opposite page here all the smoke and the fire smoldering and Parts of over town burning. Yeah, just as a another little incident. Okay, just a little crime See what I mean this is what goes on in this community. Let's just cover it up. Let's just pretend it's all it's just An isolated thing. It's tragic. It's unfortunate. It's not really part of this community where world class city God we got the metro rail it cost a billion dollars nobody's on it but it cost a billion dollars We got that new train we got 95 is you know tied up for the next 20 years. It's horrendous There's still lift in the bridge with it with a crane down here. I got the bridge before I came to work this morning We're you know everything was fun. I get here and there's do they're still raising it with a crane. How many years will echo on? This is a horse and buggy time in the technology you can't complain about the technology in Florida because there isn't any okay Have you experienced a thing of people who live in Broward or Palm Beach or say Broward and they take well? It's oh, it's only in Miami. Oh, it's down there. It's down there. Oh, sure have you had the experience for years That I have a friends of mine in Fort Lauderdale who come up to me and say gee, there must have been a bunch of people from Miami Yeah, because we know for water damage. Great shape. Yeah, we heard no damn happy We'll the traffic is terrific and for Lauderdale and we know that there are a lot of young people there And that the beach is thriving and tourism is going wild and for Lauderdale and another great thing about the week This caps it all off. We talked about it last Friday. Big article in the paper About the hotel rates but all these little hotels ripping the daylight side of the public for the Super Bowl week Okay raising gouging the prices and of course This is the season when they already have their highest rates between December and April all right, but they've jacked those up again Because they know there's a you know only so many rooms at the end So they'll get whatever the traffic will bear Miami nice. Oh, yeah, Miami nice all these simplistic stupid moronic campaigns All these yo-yo chamber of commerce types you people make me want a puke, okay? You're you're not a solution to the problem you people are a big part of the goddamn problem Because you want to keep sweeping everything under the carpet and you think by coming up with some cute cliche or some stupid poster You think that's gonna change the toilet that we're living in here Just go on a plane trip somewhere and tell somebody you're from Miami and they look at you like oh my god And you're still alive exactly upstate two that happens. Yeah, just tell anybody you're from Miami And they do great they cannot believe that you still have all your limbs in our in one piece. That's a fact But oh, it's just the image it's just the perception it's not the reality You know this stuff here was not the reality and all those kids have got their brains gouged out with bottles That was not reality that was just the perception I tell you the one thing that's lacking in this town more than anything else very simple word Balls 1051 a WIO deal I want to put on a fup of food. Oh, excuse me. That cuts a little money running, but that's you know It's gone under a lot of pressure in here It is super well week and we are after all these super bowl super hostation. It's 1055 a WIO day And I could ramble on here the entire four hours that I really could it's one of those rare days It's kind of like a throwback to the old days, but Well, you finally get your act together. Yeah, I got my act together And I'm doing serious heavy Topical talk today, but I mean, you know life is more than just fun and games You have to be a multi-dimensional person and a problem with some people is they're either much too serious all the time Or they never take anything seriously life is like you know whole like the movie last night I think What Constituents, but I shouldn't generalize but very often what constitutes a good movie is a movie that can make you laugh and cry like Rainman like Rainman and like towards song Trilogy that runs the gamuture human emotion as opposed to something now I grant you some like muddy Python You're not doing a lot of crying during their movies, but they're funny as hell, you know and here comes a message from Tom jica Instant reaction. Oh, yeah, by the way Tom we are the Super Bowl Super host Cheryl is the book do we have the whole book? Oh, can we see it? Just got it this will that'll help that'll help relieve us from all this other grief that's going on Okay, we can look at the book. Mm-hmm. Oh the piece on talk radio will be into Mars paper Thank you so much Tom and thank you so much for reminding everybody that Wild indeed is the Super Bowl I mean, you know Tom is right. It's much you do about nothing and I agree with it and that being the case Why did it merit this entire outrageous column, right and our Laura's given us stuff here. What is this? What Why are you giving that to me? I don't understand. I just we just see there's a problem Laura There's a little problem Laura bring Laura in there, okay? Now I'm sure get her because a little problem she wants an air check at 1110 We already did the spot we moved it around a little bit. He ran for her Laura it's just uh and it says please let's not miss them Highlighted in yellow Well, we're gonna miss it because we already just did it, but that's okay. Don't panic don't have anervous break I want those little things reluctantly. She's one of those little nudge-a-dicky things in life Roger is dragging her in Now she won't come at no she's afraid we'll talk ragging her in by her hair What is he doing Well anyway, we don't want to get sidetracked at this 1058 at WIOD and I'm sure that when we come back following the news break We're gonna have some really poignant and meaningful calls from the brilliant folks and is very concerned community in which we live, right? Go and it you know you notice it's exactly the same as oh in fact there one line went out already In row we had all the dating Broward lines going because usually as we sit down and even when the show starts We got four or five calls before we get gone and Bokin Palm Beach thank you so much sure all you're just you're looking so much better to Really are it looks like you're really fresh good yesterday Here's the book. Here's the whole book and we're coming up on the news Which means we'll get a chance to go through it hour by hour and really peruse it all Is our house you all the real intricate we can look at the mornings on Zeta hour by hour. How well they did Should we look at that just be free come true? I realize this is kind of a flip after everything I've been talking about But like I said life is not you have to maintain an even kill You just can't go off the deep end. What are these fractions here? So okay if I laugh when you read those data numbers oh What a well I did and I like that big five to six hour they have in the morning it's either they got a point seven One thing I always liked we had a huge lead in man Especially when old moon was on air boy the moon man Well junior so that like antique time, but no that is true By the way, don't forget the best in the all every Saturday from ten to two immediately following in Tiktime on your Super Bowl super host antique station W-I-O-D Okay, Henry Barrow is speaking of antique Henry is standing by he's got the eleven o'clock just a little joke Henry don't get all that tight now. It will over come all these things. Okay, we shall overcome Henry standy by he's been sipping on the bubbly little bit this morning so if he sounds a little giddy You'll have to understand in pardon him. He said a long rough life and been here much too long And then we'll come back without number two at eleven o'clock and check in with all the brilliant comments from the Concerned citizens of South Florida I-O-D It's eleven o'clock at W-I-O-D. It's an interesting thing in the book But we don't want to get into that because it would be a whole hour well, it would be unfair wouldn't that would be Can we look at this a couple as Nixon said it would be wrong? Just a couple of selected number the amazing part of it is we were only here five of the 12 weeks in a fall book And we'd still be standing in every hour Oh, Sandy yeah, not amazing. I miss Sandy do you Bet you do We had uh I can't believe this the eleven o'clock at the big eleven o'clock hour that this hour this hour got a five one Yeah, that's the big hour. Yeah, yeah, four seven four nine five one four six Renewary's biggest hours the six o'clock hour wow each five six o'clock The nine o'clock hour is not the big hour Just the opposite you know that big nine o'clock hour. That's kind of like your superbowel super rest I mean it's good The least of all the others okay Anyway, so eleven o'clock six. I guess we ought to take some of these calls right let's some of these people E-raculate is that we're gonna do light light house point hello Neil Rogers yeah, I'm going from playground magazine to remind you it's time training Hop on oh hello hey Neil yeah, just the endbow last night What the endbow last night what are you talking about on the news no Well she was choose pretty pissed She's a choose grinner teeth there a little bit about this over town thing Anyway, I just want to told you tell you that Last night my wife beat my black lampador so I torched her car Yeah, and then I turned torched myself that'll stop well I would be a good idea. I think for you. Okay. I don't know why I'm taking any calls. Okay. Yeah, they're that first call was That's yeah, and there they go all gone those were just Yeah, I'm just clear the whole board. I'm not gonna waste my time like I said That's if that's the best you can do yeah, I'm not gonna you know Waste the energy and people say oh he's wasting his talents and he isn't talking about the serious Subtitled and bring in the goddamn city down we got the gut only know how many hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens who are allegedly gonna pour into this town and That's what we got here okay don't please don't waste my time not even answer him. Okay We'll talk about the book a little bit here great because now just you just can't do it They're just no point. I mean basically you have a bunch of mindless automaton's out there and they're no point in trying to You know make something out of you you can't make chopped liver out of chicken Yeah, um-hmm dropping yeah Very nice. Okay, that was a very you know mile away Yeah exactly I would like to put it in a different way but now not start suck it around now See now they're all going except of course for those two Palm Beach lines it could be burning the whole Funty down and as long as it didn't cross the Palm Beach board They're not interested. Okay, don't confuse them they don't want to know from all of this they're a nice and the Gentile up there and I got everything You know under control And they're getting their sheets ready for the big weekend rally up there in Lanternas so everything is under control I imagine this was big news for Palm Beach listeners that something happened to Miami Imagine this was a big shocker to them this morning. I'm sure it was anything would be a shocker to those people most of them are brain dead Because they've listened to the John Levitt Show for about ten minutes Anyway, let's see 18 to 34 now that's an interesting demographic isn't it? I don't know why keep looking at these really because these are our numbers Can we do some I like those but to give you an idea we were only here for five weeks mornings we had a two two this is an 18 to 34 persons midday of four oh Afternoons a two four nights of one one and on a weekend a three seven I must be that antique Or the landing garden now or how about many 18 to 34 that ought to be pretty interesting shouldn't I'm just looking at those areas where I think we probably did pretty well. Okay, it could be wrong Which would be very embarrassing many 18 to 34 Wildy the morning of three three midday of six two afternoon of four two nights of one seven weekends of six two That's a dolphins That's good okay and by the way speaking of the dolphins even though they didn't make the playoffs this year and obviously will not be in the game We are your Super Bowl Super hostation. We're gonna crank that promo up several times this hour or the Just to get Tom jica peoed okay, yeah, just to get him really upset Well, those eight of numbers they are really doing it aren't they? Well, can you give me some hour of hours? They does oh I thought we already did that well I'm gonna relish and want to sort of anything would be better than talking with these idiot. Yeah, you know that I sort of want to You know kind of okay, let's see WZTA right at five to six a m a point seven Now keep in mind we were there for Almost half yeah, well, that's right six weeks a half god Six o'clock hour two oh two six three one three five oh So in a big nine to ten hour is actually the over there one Because of course, so loses more than half the audience immediately takes a wicked die with a one six a one five A one four and a one seven well, he's kind of consistent and then my clients who had a giant book on which we can Regulate him a one five a one eight a one eight in a two two which he is now wearing And their nighttime numbers from seven a midnight. This is what makes Zeta a great radio station He's nighttime numbers a one seven a one two a one point o a point six point five and then the big midnight to one hour a point five Boy You know how many people that translates to a midnight Abbage quarter hour seriously no 600 oh They could they could easy I mean we worked there for a long time make it easy you take that parking lot and get a bunch of people and Samperers and trailers to come in and save the juice turn the power off on the transmitter give it a rest 100 we could get the easy that in this parking lot over here no problem We could take a megaphone out there would leave follower in the you are out here get more than 600 how many million people are in that Coverage air in more four million people 600 people and those are 600 to got broken radios They got old crystal sets and they can change it out Okay, it's 12 minutes past 11 at Wiod let's take a little break and when we come back we'll decide what we're gonna do Okay, little wise There are just got such a fancy here as an That was like Charlie Babby made little Joe Let's cute. I feel like Raymond Babbit at the moment to be honest with you 11 15 at Wiod and we don't know what the disclaimer either banana at this point you think we got to take some calls I don't know But then you this this program bears out exactly what I say okay About the only people you would get in calling you at anything to say about anything I discussed in that first hour It'd be the same old crotchity old talk show crowd. You know the ones I'm talking about Oh, I agree with you and I out of round up everybody who doesn't want to work or speaking English and send it to Siberia And that's basically what we got so let's just go back to being a bunch of morons and being oblivious Okay, because I guess every once in a while I laps into I lose my Sense of perspective on a whole thing you know, I just I'd laps into this phony Reality and when you live at this town you should not have anything to do with reality She just continue being a moron and being oblivious to everything that's going on around you and you'd be okay Right That's right, but it is super bowl week ladies and gentlemen We want to continue adding to the hype and remind you that this is W i o d or a super bowl Super hostation now here is some here are some segments of the last 18 super bowls in a row That could kill a rest of the show couldn't now you're looking at that book I was big 11 new now. I ran into skip hermen out in the hall dude. Did you really and he was talking about how the Colonel is off this week he's taken a some time off, you know what do you mean he's taking some time off? He just was on vacation for a week Christmas week He wasn't there isn't this now worried the 17 that's right now he's been over there last time the new and I have been here because he was here the first couple of weeks We were here so he's been over there about seven eight weeks. I guess we've been talking weeks. Yeah, yeah And he's done a second week vacation and now we had to try to get some numbers back yet a week off at Christmas and now he's off again for what? I guess because he's looking for a job I don't know Fascinating Fascinating. I don't know what about rose what is rose doing over there? Easy making any projections what's that? Oh, I don't know whatever you want to do Roger What do you want to do here What do you want to do Roger wants to know should I answer the phone? Whatever you want to do I don't I really don't personally I don't give a damn okay See if ads are cable ones. We'll talk to you. We'll talk to Ed believe me. That's all I need Talk to Ed. No, you well. Yeah, good In the office there go call my that I'm sure Ed will give you a real good perspective on what's going on Yeah, see that's what we need Well, I sure wish I had a nice cigar here, you know today Yeah, need a good cigar It's a bad Spencer not here today. He'll give me some yeah well you were chains smoke in those cigars I was well, you know me once I get emotional I start chains smoking cigars or pipes or something Mike stands Okay, let me see if we can make that pump beat slime ring though Oh, I think the other ones are all uh starting to do something out, but that pump beats line eight Oh, nice. Just can't get into it. Well, I do want to say WJ and oh, I think we should be fair get credit work credit is due for the first time in history now that they got that repeater and brown They actually showed up in the day brown and they are devastating Did they beat say they made your impact for example? Just relax now for example in midday they had a point three and after noon drive that a point four And this is before Lee follower And he's got only knows what's gonna happen over there now Amazing least number in the date brown book is about the same as when he was in his market about a point four So one thing about Lee he may not be good, but he is consistent okay. Oh look at that pom-b Chelo Yes, yes, sorry to the loyalty yeah I think the new speaking Or the new yeah, it's probably calling oh Yeah, well listen have a nice life pal That's it he did from yesterday How come he didn't go off when I punched it off haven't gone for a long time wait a minute. I'm punching this guy off He once took three times before disappeared What do me and called for lunch? Did he just call the other day? I don't know I think it was yesterday wasn't it? I don't know It was either Friday or yesterday. I'm almost sure was yesterday and called for a long time You're a moron sir. We don't want to talk to you. You're an idiot Don't you understand how you actually get out of bed and get dressed in the morning is one of the great mysteries of all time Okay, we got an open line in Broward five two four wality we just will not ask for a pombie. Okay. What does your t-shirt say? Glenn what's your t-shirt say? Big bang the big bang okay. Thanks. Oh, yeah another one of those evolutionists over there Okay, 19 past 11 I would be Kind of smiled and looked in here like what is that mean? You know those people of GTR they're little they're all confused They are animals that's correct Miami hello Yeah, yeah, yeah Listen I want to ask you couple questions. Oh yeah Why is it that when the two web offices were shot by the black men we didn't write in our community Well, I don't the recall white people rioting in the South Florida I could be wrong I've lived here for almost 15 years. I do not recall I you know Maybe I've had a memory lapse. I don't recall it happening What an in addition in addition to which what difference does it see the problem with this is right away every time we have an incident Like the Mercado beating the Hispanic police officers Association is marching and protests They don't even know all the details yet, but the major concern in this town is was the officer white was the Hispanic was he black was the victim why all the Southern Crap and So how would justice or with the details just let's worry about you know who is which color in which race you know That's what it's all about Miramar hello. Hello. Yeah, yeah, I just I'm just four percent every time I What you were talking about all day? We know what he cares? You know what we grew up in the 60s Everybody listen, have you been listening to the calls? I mean why even bother talking to these people? They don't care I know, but it's I just these crimes the whole society everything nobody cares everybody Grouping the 60s we cared about civil rights and care about well He's a bunch of judge ancient history sir Ronald Reagan has done a brilliant job in eight years of teaching America Not to care about anything not to be concerned about human life about the environment Well, you should be concerned about unborn human life. That is very concerned about But anything else so don't worry about that just be in a materialism and what's in it for me in selfishness And that's what America they like that message a lot and it like anybody else who perits it so that's become very popular They sold they sold out pal and and and you talk about Reagan I do much wicked weeds are affected their brain and now they are mentally impotent and probably most of them physically the same and they're useless I understand now, but Did you happen to see 60 minutes on Sunday with the interview with Nancy and Ronnie? Oh, no, I wouldn't watch that War I'm gonna tell you they asked Nancy Reagan some questions and she just sat there looking yeah He blinked well, he's been dead for seven years. Nobody told her God, you know, I'm glad they're moving to California not back and on here because God, it's good. Yeah, we got enough excitement of our own without them and not only that, but though we don't have enough Metamucil to go around is it is okay. You have a great day pal. Don't worry about it It's gonna get a lot worse Twenty two past eleven and WIO day. There's an open line in Broward if you will real fast now We're getting some oscillating response to the Crisis of our time is five two four nine four six three and Broward and of course that oblivious line Palm Beach Or he can get in from Palm Bay even or Jupiter or Uranus 65 five WIOD. Why did they waste that money on it line? I'm gonna that's gonna be my next crusade. I can't solve all these other problems, but Maybe we can get that Palm Beach line taken out. That's like burning the money. It's like buying a lot of reticuts Hey listen Toyota of Hollywood is the WIOD look at that. Here he's got that big dog bottle there With little ball peen hammer ladies and gentlemen. He's hitting the bottle. Yeah He thinks it's Maxwell house coffee and they're good to the last He's got it the straight up in the air and the bottle too. Okay, it's 27 past the only wish Can where you only wish yeah, that made him happy and wishful thinking on your part 27 past eleven is wife laugh when I said that Where we go next we got a mobile in Bokka. Hello. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I just wanted to say you know, maybe if everybody quit Rebuild in their cities after they burn it down Now, maybe they stop doing it. Yeah, brilliant thoughts. You're thank you so much for your great contribution from Bokka. Yeah, okay Miami. Hello. Are you any on how you doing great? This is one of your closet cute and listeners. Yeah Octavia, so I just want to tell you and think go on you and say that you guys doing a great job you and Glenn You should have watched that 60 minutes. I know you don't like this to see it Ronald Reagan made some some brilliant comments as usual. Yeah, that you'd have been really proud of Last night as I was watching TV and all the riots and everything came on I thought oh no Not again, yeah, and I you know for a second I thought well, maybe a 20s crime shows that's a replay from the 80 riots And reality hit me and I thought this is great. It's perfect here We are with the Super Bowl the world's eyes are honest and what do we do? Yeah, we really know how to put our best foot forward, don't we? The world of Miami nice project is obviously worked out Yeah, no question about it. That's gonna turn it around for us in fact as they say had one radio station We've turned the corner We turn the corner like Zeta did I think we're yeah I think there's a great similar in it. You know now that you mentioned it now the check-in Gonna look up the numbers for the Miami nice campaign and this is an arbitron book and see if they showed up Probably as low as Zeta yeah, right next to it and and fly this morning on television on good morning America Doesn't as old and I think you mentioned this yeah, well, we're building all these great buildings in over town Yeah, we're housing yeah, and I'm thinking well, that's great That's really gonna do with the heck of a lot of good and I can just see I'm surprised my mother a lot She lives out in North Carolina she didn't call and and ask how we were and where we in danger I mean as it is they think we lived in a we live in an arm camp down here and Wow, we certainly wouldn't want to say that even if it's true, you know Even if everybody looks six-year-old kids have got holsters and real you know used to be a little kids said toy guns Now they got real ones, you know Well after they get to be teenagers they got oozy's in a house. Well with the NRA in the state You know the whole thing about everybody should have a done never mind that That all these kids are dying and all these people are killing well don't confuse them with the facts They don't they don't like that. Yeah, really well listen Neil just a tinkle and you guys are doing a great job Good luck in the next few months and take care of yourself. Okay. Thanks. Bye It's 11 30 a Wio Day. There's an opening in date if you move real fast now before the next brush fire breaks 751 9463 751 Wio Day in the land of the free and the home of the grave Okay, I you know what's the point? I don't know why I went to that first hour. It's absolutely pointless It's like a throwback to the old days and there's nothing that you can say in this town why why haven't I learned that lesson? See it's not my nature just to kind of give up No, no But I Slowly but surely I was conditioned to doing that and just accepting the fact that this is basically a toilet with nice climate, you know, but the other net You know, this isn't another tape is it got to today Congratulations. Yeah, we got two more tapes today. Yeah brand new anybody need here's a nice maxel 90 excellent Probably about 795 at least Okay, what is this good stuff here? This is from Bob a long time fan The mail is coming in a little trickle sniffing What in God's name oh, it's the whole thing about the Brian Wilson album. No, thanks a lot Bob Now I remember vividly during I wasn't the first one. How many riots did we have back in 881 82 2 or 3 nights? We had 2 or 3 different incidences, right? Well, yeah, but we had one Jagin oh yeah, but panic go to what in that one, but I remember on a Saturday. Yeah, no not that one But I remember vividly listening to you on WIN-Z when you are at night and one of the nights Oh, that was no you're thinking of after the Alva Resver to yeah, and I'll never forget that because I was Doing my show and I had I don't want to say the guys name but a real bigot one of these anti-bioling will type people Who I as time went on I realized what an incredible bigot this guy was and The during a commercial break the verdict had just come in not guilty verdict. Yeah, and this guy went nuts And he screamed and y'all and he said oh, they're gonna burn the town You know and I said when you just try to maintain and just be calm, okay? And the news people now they were there because they knew that the jury was on and they were hanging around and Jeff Bray was there Mr. Comcool and collected who just went bonkers. I mean he just was you know in the whole news department They were ready to go nuts and I said to them I said look Don't be a part of a problem don't get everybody crazy I said if you just presented calmly and do a minimum on this and don't overdo it We may get through this thing without a big problem and as it turned out we did there were there was some minor disturbances But nothing spectacular thank God, you know at that time But boy they were just ready to dive into it and again everybody crazy I did after new news at that time of love 94 and I had been called in from vacation But we would earn out if I I'll tell you how bad it was it was even worse than the hurricane Yeah, you remember when we were on Zeta when we first went over there on the 12th of October and there was that hurricane Floyd Yeah, and they were just on an AM man Oh, no The world is ending back at the run for cover Hide under a banana plant, you know that kind of stuff everybody and we were doing the opposite It looks like it probably not even gonna hit it right just relax and we'll keep you posted and just be prepared and go out and give it batteries and Do you water and everything was fine, you know, and they want to look at like jackasses again. That's right But in this particular case it just you know there will be those who will blame the media and say oh, yeah They overdid it and they use the word right you notice everybody is so tentative They're using the word disturbance They not use the word right and of course the question is at what point do we differentiate between a Disturbance and a riot how many people need to participate how Abarant does the behavior have to be before we officially call it a riot and not only that what difference does it make what we call it? Awesome, it's revive those revised those figures. I think they're now it's got to be at least a thousand It's a 99 26 700 and it's just a disturbance. So grab a minor thing used to be lower, but they raised a lot of people Have to get their brains go to die before it's a full fledged drive it's like 6 used to be 24 or 5 but I mean even now in it's like let's see 12 6 but 18 hours later After this incident even now we have very sketchy information. We still have a lot to be determined And yet immediately there's all this you know well the police officers were white and the guy was on a motorcycle and he was black You know when it's on Martin Luther King's birthday well that's the point my god on on that day of all days for us to be having race riots or Disturbances in overtime To increase unbelievable Absolutely Unconsciousable okay But hey listen you folks just go ahead keep burning your half the neighborhoods down and and burn down those businesses It's terrific that's the way to make progress in America just keep burning down your neighborhood That'll do it for you every time Monta has some real big investment in overtime now, huh? I still know why more people don't do it might even get a pull folks over there before you know well boy now There like I said every street corner over town Liberty City virtue virtually all I'll do my little disclaimer Virtually every street corner Morning noon and night out and broad daylight. You watch the people pedaling dope. Yeah It's like a smorgous board anything you want man. It's out there and hey everybody's oblivious man It's that's America, right and don't blame us because we're not the suppliers. We're just you know we just got to make a living What kind of crap is that? Anyway, I don't want to make it started for again. I didn't all run it. You heard the first two colors and response So what what's the point okay? We're dealing basically with an America full of morons who are you know primarily tuned in to Haraldo and Sally Jesse and Wartowny and the escape and Cabbage patch dolls At setter room is the Henry with us or is it April or We don't know oh we don't have one to say that's right see that's see my mind is just Running away with me Henry's busy. He's You've heard of rock and bottle throwing Henry doesn't have any rocks in here, but the bottle that's another story okay. So 1135 in Wiod will be right back D and now you know The rest of the story it's 1138 at Wiod They were having a wonderful day here everybody's in a good mood. There oblivious Anybody want to get anybody upset right because it's super bowl week everybody's getting their bed there illegal bed scone on a game See don't want to go about the American people they mentally they've been very well conditioned to tune out Yeah anything that they can't answer or that they don't like they just kind of like tune it out in their brain It doesn't register you're not looking at the entries of gulstream a guy Okay, here we go, but I'm also looking at this ad 70 year old stuns last Vegas experts His super bowl predictions you know But yeah, do All right, they pick one real quick. Oh, I got it already pick what is oh you already underlined a circle there last Great in red the last trace yeah Wendy affair with Walter Gary he always picks a horse that's on top These are already handicaps in other words there um the chalk is on top but just all the matters is if it comes in That's all I care about okay. Well, let me pick something that's gonna be a little bit Pay a little bit better. Oh, okay. Well, you know go that way So to speak Yeah I'm looking for something that's really is gonna oh gee now here's one I have no faith in it But I can't pass it up because we've given this out before it never does anything It's 12 to one in the morning line in the second race number six with Bobby brain ladies in jama Willy be there willy be there yeah, excellent Excellent, that's good. Of course. I'll be asking that question at the finish line willy be there and the answer is probably not but I just Nobody picks it across in the consensus anywhere and The 12 to one it's picked way way down So there's our long shot special of the day in the second race it could be a giant double four ladies in gentlemen You pick it to win enough to get bus fair out of this god forsaken town willy be there in the second of gul stream today Trust me when I turn don't only too heavy okay, it's 11 to 40 and let's go to coral spring. Hello. Hi Neil. Yeah Okay, this is Tony from coral spring. I met you down at Toyota Hollywood. I'll be damn Tony and I was really surprised you're really nice guy I thought you'd be a bash of me. No, then I walked up about one. Oh, I don't know Now I just you know I thought maybe people in one of your moods, you know, or you You want to what moods? Well those moves where you decide to just bash everybody That's only on the it's just a radio show. He tried to explain that or I'm not wanting to say the over and over It's just a joke. It's like it's like when you tell people you don't steal the silverware at the restaurant I can't have you tell them that the first 50 times it should begin to register that is good like I said Why should you do this? No, seriously, why should you be different on most people in America things just don't register I know when you want to just tune them out you there's a little automatic device in your brain That just the siphons that out the unpleasant and the Man, I'll be unacceptable and you just don't hear it right? I understand that's how I am oh I understand listen. I've got a question for Glenn Okay, how you doing Glenn, but oh you're you're doing a great job. Thanks go ahead Don't let these old people in Miami buggy. Oh, no, I don't I love you're laughing it's great I laugh right away. I just wonder if you remember way back in your own love 94 used to do it they used to do a bunch of bits But Dave could pre-dike it was correct and Something about the dooby brothers how they was had Mike McDonald in the back oh boy now I had a little hungry now, you know, it sounds a big leap from me. You remember that you'd bring a sandwich to them? Yeah You want part of it I don't want to take part of your sandwich that would be terrible Well, sort of like See because I go to my motherly I'm not trying to step on your material. I just that the worried just handed me the playboy book of lingerie here I'm sorry I'm distracted that god almighty. I can handle this a little more of Check that over first I can't remember what it covers definitely not oriental sir trust correct Now can you give me any more hints on it? It sounds vaguely familiar Well, it's you guys just to say that just about every song. I think it was the Beatles enough that company didn't matter who it was All right now for all you horny guys out there. I want a strongly recommend playboy's book of lingerie What a January February 89 issue. It's 495 595 in Canada by the way so most of them will not be sold in Canada on sale next week this week. I am gonna tell you something seriously As one who can look at this very objectively The boobs in on these young ladies in his magazine are as big as watermelons, okay? Oh my god. I'm serious. Oh my god Holy Toledo and they better look out in the pickle patches because they're gonna be a lot of guys getting straight to the old pickle patch After they see this he's here today and are they oriental? No, I don't see any orientals You see a couple of blondes in the page 91. I don't know any blonde orientals do now I'm just waiting you know for you to see He's 90 and 91 there is well these are two different orange or young blonde ladies with enormous breasts. I mean oh The center full ladies in gentlemen I mean we don't have to muck you around with all this nonsense. We're getting into let's get to the meet of the matter, okay? The center full look at that Oriental with enormous I mean I am serious. She has deal each breast is the size of mouthy toes Puppek, okay, that's how big they are it's impossible can't be done. I'm serious She's the center full two big pages Oriental can't be done. Yeah, I'm happy Really has very strange taste he hates pet middleer. How can you hate well? I'm asking a wrong guy Naked everybody, but at least he's consistent he's consistent about it, you know But bed medler is a panic. She's tremendous. She's funny as hell. It's the hates her. Oh, yes, it's phenomenal Because the reason I thought of that is I saw the preview let me for a turtleneck trilogy and one of the previews Was the new movie she's in called beaches yeah, and it looks like it's really gonna be great. Yeah, you saw it Yeah, it's tremendous. Yeah, honey Don't you love the way Roger makes all these like hand signals are like that Was he trying to say that the movie is number one or was that little Yeah, okay, it's 1146 in W. I would be I'm gonna let you look at this during the new news break I cannot oh yeah the rose that was better medler. Yeah, even a next like the road Excellent film so Steve needs to go to San Diego to that deconing place You know where they go into your brain and they put all the pieces back together again because he just I don't understand his taste Very strange and he and after the show yesterday said to me Oh, don't discourage people from going to see talk radio let him go see and make up their own mind Which I think somewhere along the line I said that yeah, but I was doing it more in the sense in fact the fox movies Five and a half bucks at night. How about that? They're up to five and a half five and a half bucks And they're a little I mean they're not great movie theaters either new but five and a half bucks a lot That's a lot there's six bucks in New York City really and I I mean see what I don't understand is when you can go at Three and a half to noon and a lot of three bucks for three bucks Why is the same flick worth almost double? It's always been that way Is it all hotels rooms in town during Super Bowl week by the way? Interesting don't forget this is your Super Bowl Super hostation Wiod Day Mr. Jika Cried a metaphorical comparison You didn't see Tom jika's column any Sun sent a list morning. Nick miss Roy you like it and he just rips the crap An entire column Wiod the axis the wishing makes it so Suggesting that it is a hoax that we're perpetrating on a public we are pretending to be the Super Bowl A station that we're gonna carry the game. He doesn't understand that we paid for the rights I've got only knows why to be the Super Bowl Super hostation because it's much to do about nothing But he doesn't understand that and secondly any idiot knows that CBS radio has the rights to the game and we are not a CBS affiliate That's why Wions he has it because Zeta is their FM affiliate their simul casting Which makes about as much sense is selling mozzarella balls in Saudi Arabia I mean it just it makes no sense at all But he does eat somehow doesn't say that in there, okay, and also I think Zeta is perpetrating a hoax by saying they're gonna have the game in stereo I don't think it's in stereo to you It's off CBS radio It's not in stereo. You're right now CBS television Would could be in stereo but not as radio of course not They're just gonna have it on both channels until everybody it's stereo and this is that perpetrating it's in stereo Yeah on the promos yeah We'll have the games another real jackbuckle being one channel and Hank Strangle being a guy I don't think they will be I honestly don't or maybe we'll try to think of something nasty to say about it But I happen to like both of them so I'm not gonna do that I was gonna say like maybe one of them could be in the English channel like maybe if Jimmy the geek we're still on CBS that's Jimmy It's 1148 at WIOD Roger I got a lot of questions all right, but unfortunately nobody in this town's got the answers it's 1153 at WIOD and You threw those pictures for the time being Beautiful yeah women Incredible yeah, you guys out there that need some material You know I'm talking about yeah the playboy lines you're right those of you who like those erotic pictures I mean there's nothing They're like playboy's centerful. Oh yeah, aren't they? But they are yeah, that's what they are they're all are yeah Basically yeah they give their names and they're all like playboy play name if you moved that thing out of the way I could see the name on the side of the magazine playboys What is it book of all right? Yeah trust me, okay, wouldn't steer you wrong all right. Let's go to four-laterdial hello Yeah, yeah your first arrow was not a waste of show because there are some people up here in broads Yeah, that's why we got out of date right No, you know these politicians are in office like the downplay everything Do you know he's in their in office because these rectal remnants from prostate's past decide to elect him in the office Like mayor Cox yeah, he's a real winner, but well Just to make this short Mayor Cox we Subterred do realize you do spill your last name wrong and we really do get the general idea Yeah Well, I'll tell you one thing you sure gave that city a gigantic screwing so there must be something symbolic about that. I mean a wonderful day 1154 a WIO date there's an open line in Broward at the 524 9463 524 WIO D your superbowl super host super silliest station Candle hello Great This is me. Yeah, man. I'm only from candle a lot bet Excuse me. I say manny from candle right while a reason I know it is because you said it was manny and then it said You were calling from candle. How is New York pretty good deductive powers? I even sure lock homes would be embarrassed I don't want to bring the show back down to what you added in the first hour to you sound like you haven't a better time But I find it a bit ironic. I was watching that program with Sandy Duncan the whole can Yeah, and it was about the two younger kids Their father told them that they couldn't go out and they There's a bed their father to go to a Martin Luther King rally and I just find a role ironic on the birthday of this man that everything that he was against all this violence Yeah, we just happened in our community Yeah, how many times in the last two days did we see little snippets of Martin Luther King and then in Coret King and their comments yet the day you know kept repeating that over and over again about his main message was non-violence, you know Progress through non-violence and getting involved in the system and changing things and so on and so forth and right away We have an episode and the immediate knee jerk response is the same old crap that happens in his town every time some Trajicans and it comes along. We don't even know the details, but boy, let's get all peeled again and get all whipped up into a frenzy and Start burning people and burning cars and to go nuts again. I really saw the problems man. That does it Absolutely, that the tall opposite of where he stood for all this violence and that's right and not not change through peace and You know it's really sad to see especially in our community where things have been at least looking a little bit It would be like having a gigantic for all the environmentalist having a federal holiday in honor of some great environmentalist somewhere And having an environmental group going setting their redwoods on fire and California, you know exactly the same exact thing And now I want to just let this thing you spoke about your first power I don't know who the help this community thinks they're following saying that that we're good We're that we can accept these people into our community without it doubt This kid this is not a prejudicial comment there will be a some kind of Rising crime because these people are gonna be probably a majority of a living in the streets and they're gonna have to get money for food somehow For the world have to be some crime whether it's just well He we don't right we have short memories most of the politicians here didn't want to admit what a nightmare Mario was in the first place and now You know now now that we're on a verge of having perhaps another one They still don't want to admit you know what went on and what can happen again I mean can you can you just imagine a repetition of what happened here eight years ago on top of everything else A half years later we're still following the effects of Mario You know and they're just and they don't know what the other gonna do yeah You know they don't know what to do about it. Well, we have brilliant courageous powerful leadership in his Town man there is impotent is there outgoing president just keep that in mind man No, we have a bunch of morn's running the city. That's what we have you got it No comedy to do you have a good day you too. Bye. Yeah, yeah, and you can get hysterical about it Like I sometimes do when I did during the first hour, but doesn't change anything and a people in this community Don't get angry enough to make any change. Well, once in a great while like for no particular reason Or at least no specific reason they got rid of a couple of incumbents on metro the last time They got a Beverly Phillips son. Yeah, they got rid of who our car asked who he was it. I think so Was it I don't even remember I mean I used to know all the commissioners You know the tro and the city of Miami. I don't even know half of the names anymore because most of the people that they Vodin are a bunch of bosos anyway. You have no qualifications and no ideas and that's part of the problem Is that people of any quality you don't run for public office in this community because they never get elected anyway? Most of the people who get elected are based on you know some ethnic thing You know if they're running on the beach if they're Jewish they get elected If they're running you know in date County if they're Hispanic They'll get elected if they're running in the city of Miami anyway etc And it's just you know just basically an ethnically polarized community and nothing is really changed and the just takes another one of these little episodes to remind us of What this is all about But life is beautiful and the climate is great. It's gonna be about 80 today So remember our secret word for today is oblivious That's it if you can be oblivious man. This is paradise I just ignore all of these things and in fact that this is a god forsaken Duchebag Hick Town bushling place and you just put that aside and you believe all the hoopla on a hype that they write in the paper Is about hey it's great. It's a world-class city. We got those big buildings the metro rails lovely and It's said to run so on and you're gonna be as happy as a pig and slop Okay, you're gonna love it and we're pretty damn happy. Okay? So as they say Okay, we don't want to have that plan over the musical bed there. It'll clash, but that's what they say. Yeah, okay April wore them as standing by with that new and Wild news And a lot of you guys probably be looking at some of those pictures too while you're listening to these cast Welcome back in 1205. Steve at two on 610 Wild All right, we don't start cackling now. He's not even sure with the intro and you're already starting. Okay. We can't talk over that Then we can do anything we want because we are your super bowl super host super silliest Wild Six minutes past you know, I don't know what Steve's doing to they because they don't have a thing open That's what I saw it's open with the calories nothing on it's today the 17 Last time I checked yeah, it's open as far as I know okay six minutes past noon at Wild Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing okay. Hey, Grant how's it going okay? I thought the biggest ironic thing uh First of all like Xavier's for is that glossing over everything not going to the real Heart of the problem first of all big surprise. Yeah You know Not the only thing I can say for me did have the guts to go right in there even the police would have told on my As reading the story but You know that that little grandstand act doesn't get the job done. You know it doesn't change anything For free did it 1980 and what changed yeah Next I thought in last night on channel 10 it was extremely ironic because on this the last minute half of it Because and I had never seen it before it was it was an encore presentation and on our Martin move to King it was called I have to be holder Absolutely fascinating television show I don't know if either one of you thought it was couple I saw a couple minutes of it It was fascinating. It was it took light people yeah and black people put him in a group and All of the people who have blue eyes had to wear a collar They were told that they were not smart. They were it was just it was really fascinating and one lady she could take it She was in there for like an hour. She had to leave She did come back later on when they had the round table discussion about it It was really fascinating and it just it told people what You know I showed white people exactly what it's like to grow black I had you know I'm a white anglo sex and Protestant and you know It just it really totally fascinated me. I've always considered myself You know I come from the south. I'm not I'm not I'm not I try not to be prejudiced. It's not it's hard When you grow up and a family where you hear Certain words Not to pick them up yourself and not to pick up certain prejudices You try to think differently than some people that came from another generation Because you do see the positive things that have happened in the last you know 10 or 15 years Well in the last eight years our illustrious outgoing president has done more to un-eye what happened in the last 20 years that You know all his predecessors put together all right. It's one of the reasons that he's so popular in white America But you know we're talking apples and oranges there are two different things and I I know one hand We're talking about injustice, but on the other hand we're talking about the response And intelligent way to respond to what is not through a burning down your own community Arriving and hearing on like barbarians that is not the answer. Yeah, I really do think that you have to look at it in this I really do think that it was a minority of people that live in that you got to realize the great numbers of people that live in a square block But let me say this to you, okay, yeah, uh in my neighborhood if if hundreds of people Literally hundreds were out throwing bottles and rocks and setting buildings on fire I wouldn't really be concerned whether it was a minority or a majority would still be a riot It would still put me in jeopardy and it would still place an enormous blemish on a community that I live in so all of these Statistical cop outs are meaningless if it's only a half a dozen people or something or a handful of kids Then we're talking a different story, but it wasn't it was hundreds of people well You know one thing that was that was brought out last time at television was one of the reporters said that I think it was one of the CBS reporters that actually got You know sort of like beat up or whatever. It was a candle for um He said that He thought it was he said when you take these kids that were like 12 or 14 years old that it thrown away They were smiling when they were doing it. Yeah, and this is what you're talking There is no supervision and and this is the thing that we As citizens who are more fortunate really do have to go in there and It sounds Patreizing and but if these kids don't have You know guidance they've got to get it from somebody Well the whole value system is still sucks in the black community in this town anyways as far as I'm concerned And I'm not so sure that you know at the national level it's all that much better Oh, but all the who who plough about the Super Bowl. You know there's this big to do about the Iki wood shuffle if you see that thing And every time I watch that to me it is so racially demeaning. It's like a step-in-fetched routine that he does And I expect that black athletes many of them be havenness way so that the young black kids can emulate the behavior Is pathetic because the rest of white America looks at it and and you know It's the whole thing is just a piece of racism. That's all it that's all it helps perpetuate I agree you know when they have him It is it's embarrassing It is it's embarrassing. It's a very thing. It's a more like thing. It will be like a you know a bunch of almost sexuals running around Limp-rusted Acting as camp as they could in public or or in a football game for example and there are our key football players I mean come on is a great shock to some of our macho listeners But it would be like the same thing after they scored touched out of doing a little You know Prancing around and missing and flipping their wrists and putting a skirt on or something. I mean, you know to perpetuate Rotest stereotypes is not the way to break down prejudice I agree Can I change the safety judge in about 30 seconds? I just Tiny bit For both of you guys here in South Miami we've got something for each of you and it sort of relates to what you just brought up their right meal If you've been if you've ever been to the sun moon It's it it's on the highway Sun moon on Dixie yes north of the river era Yes, I have yes I have excellent yes, I There is a young lady in there oh Jenna Jenna visa Jenna visa It might be worth I know that you don't live that all that far away Right it might be worth your your while And checking it out okay, okay and And Neil yeah Right across the street from there there's place called LB's eatery. Yeah There is a guy named Richard yeah Just he just coming the last couple weeks. I know you're just a Roger look well What do you know is a guy named Richard one of my supposed drive down there to look at him? Well, I I you know Nice time you're in the neighborhood okay next time in the neighborhood I'll stop by and look at Richard okay 12 13 at Wiod boy and that's a little um, you know I mean see what the what's his name at the ice cream stir or what was his name Brian I mean see that was in the neighborhood but I yeah mean Brian was a nice kid and all that nice looking But I wouldn't have driven to candle. Oh to look in we make sure there's a shock But in brown we actually have some incredibly good looking people. I know that's uh Even in my neighborhood 12 13 Wiod To you 15 on your super whatever station and I want to tell you about a super place for you to have lunch right now That is char-hut when you go in there then I'm gonna be poor fellow. Hi Neil hi I didn't really know what was going on until I was running my errands this morning is what happened in Miami And I finally got to the bank And I read the Palm Beach Post and it's I was reading the article and of course on the Paul Bayard And there was a quote by somebody by the name of David Rivera And he made a quote saying that it was just sporadic rock and bottle throwing And then right under that there was a picture of bush with that in the sox my honest face Thanks Martin Luther King's dream is our mission. Oh, yeah, and I allowed Yeah, no question that the Reagan bush people are very heavily into of civil rights I mean Reagan all Reagan did was try to abolish the evoting rights act and destroy the civil rights commission other than that You know don't confuse and and may he and he made that brilliant comment about Martin Luther King and communism the other day So no question that they're wonderful civil libertarian. I know quote To go on when I moved to Florida and 1970 I decided to do something Political active and I joined the McGovern campaign and they delegated a portion of Fort Lauderdale to Canvas which was Bell Harbor and Not only did I have a McGovern sticker in my bump on my bumper. I had to go up to doors and knock and You know say Which you please vote for this man. I had doors slammed on me. I had rock thrown at me and And In Bell Harbor Bell Harbor a Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, and Then I ran into one guy who's from the civil liberty union who was uh, you know, he was good and he was nice and he You know McGovern was empty but still it was it was just you know Well, health history show is very clearly in retrospect you would have been a big improvement over Richard How's that don't confuse the public with these things you know The public the pie and especially now 15 16 years later. It's much worse than it was then people react only to like the whole campaign I mean you know with all these simplistic Labels and the name calling all of that that's all the American public and relate to don't confuse them with the issues Already discussion about anything of any depth all they can relate to or a lot of you know who's the most Wimpy and who's the Card-caring member of the ACLU most Americans don't even know what the ACLU what the letters stand for much much less anything about it Yeah, I was really I mean your first hour. This is the first time I've ever called and I really feel very strongly about what you said in your first hour Well, but the the sad part of it is I feel really strongly about it too, but the sad part and one of the reasons I've given up discussing these things in his community Is that it's a total waste of time you just can't wear yourself out try to make people care about things that they don't care about They do not care they refuse to care Yeah, I'm a cater and Palm Beach and I really I have to deal with you know The kind of mentality that we you're always talking about and I just I feel very strongly about your viewpoints and your opinions about I mean wouldn't wouldn't it be nice if the whole South Florida area were like I'm not saying like another area in terms of Imitating somebody but in other words the demographic like like a good cross section where we had mostly living and breathing people as Opposed to mostly People who are you know, I've one foot in a grave any legal aliens and people looking for a green card and Yeah, this this area. They're just something totally screwed up and what's gone on here? This hasn't evolved like a real play No, I know see I have in my business I have to depend on people coming down here for the season and then I have to put up with you know the golf games They don't you know they don't want to pay you the money and it's it's Incredible environment yeah, so need to go to the climate I mean yeah, me too Did you say you wanted to hear the golf game? No get out of here. Have a nice day. Also. Yeah I have been for San Francisco Sure at all, but now I find out where I might not be able to play. No, he's gonna play Yeah, it's the bet they made the comment what you shut up They made the comment yesterday, which I think you pitomizes America's attitude About sports that nobody misses the Super Bowl and no matter how badly he's injured They will physically drag him onto the field if they have to be so Yeah, that's right at least for three hours anyway No, yeah, we sure have a nice one What do you want past no to WMD or super Super silliest By the way, if you don't know what we're talking about Tom Jick are good friend is the lifestyle section of the Sun Sentinel They just approve that we don't have this in southwest relationship just rips the crap out of this station An entire column with a full-color Tom Jick a picture a first and it says Wild acts as the wishing makes it so and Suggest that somehow we are conducting a fraudulent campaign on the station to con you people that are believing that we're carrying the Super Bowl We are not carrying the Super Bowl Nobody listens to the Super Bowl on radio to begin with okay except for a few degenerates in truck somewhere and even says that later in the Arctic So why would we want to pretend that we are carrying the Super Bowl? We would like to have it. I'm not sure why because nobody listens to it But we like to have it for the prestige of an August and because some of the people here are just obsessed with sports I mean to the point of just lunacy Obsessed with sport beyond it and I love sports don't get me wrong, but it's just a game Okay, it's not the beginning and end of the world when I heard there were gonna be carrying curling this winter We are we're gonna be doing a lot of curling a little bit of indoor soccer arena football a little much And for all you British fans we got some what do they call that other thing cricket? 22 past 12 at WIO D for Latterdale hello hello I've been a captive audience of yours because my boss makes this list in the show every day. Wow, what a boss But you know him, but he told me not to Not to associate and Self with myself when I make these comments. Okay. Well just say he's a douchebag and leave it at that He's a douche nozzle. Oh, there's a great line by the way and in that movie a torch song trilogy and the kid that he adopts Harvey first the adopts this kid and he comes home from school beat up and he said why did they beat you up? He said because I called somebody a douchebag. Ooh, and there was no response from the audience This place was packed and I guarantee if I would have stood up in the middle of that theater last night and said hey I'm the arrogors and I think all you people and sunrise are douchebags. It was sent home. Yeah, Neil who thank God Well the first comment I wanted to make was the subject that you started in your first hour and that had to do with the Disturbance of Miami. Yeah, the disturbance. Yeah last night Susan Lickman had fought fought Roy on and They asked him and I believe he was an activist during the 60s, right? But now he's a member of the Southern Christian leadership Yeah, oh yeah Offer some words to maybe Qual some of the trouble that was occurring down there He refused to try to to call anybody down those perpetuating well I don't think that too many of the people are out in the streets during rocks and bottles had their portable Sony TV But that points. I don't think it would have been anybody else or maybe go yeah Well, I think Susan's living in a dream world. Okay. That again is a case of the media trying to make the news instead of reporting it Which I okay, and then getting off of that and getting into something else a couple of weeks ago A caller it said why did they have to close captioning on the Southern Bell TV ads? Well the deaf due communicate via telecommunications devices for the deaf and so they do watch TV and they do communicate over the telephone line So it is it is a marketable audience. Okay, you know, they don't stone a son letters back and forth while we learn something every day Another thing is we're talking 24 past noon a WLD we have an open line in Browork. Oops. Yeah, oops to you to my friend The 524 WLD. There's another one of our intellectual cars who obviously has seen too much P. We's Big top. Okay. Let me tell you about golf cream We got a really the mail is in trickles to the yeah, this is trickle, but you know, yes trickles to federal holidays So the mail men are trickling today and We just opened a letter and we had a tape and I thought here we go again I forgot well, it's a tape with a comedy bit on it. Yeah, it's called don't get sand in it I wonder what that's about and a $500 check for Camilla sauce and one of the things Robert in Miami He knows who it is. We appreciate it very much. You're a great human being and One of these days when I get in that room over next door. See today have to go to my mother's Another day and then tomorrow I've got a client to see and it's free up in the soap I just I held life, you know Did you say he got lucky in the lottery? You're lucky in the lotto and he sent us Oh look at this. Here's another letter from Orlando and it's same typewriter isn't that great Isn't that amazing that how they share the same typewriter in the same stationary from Zero and Fort Pierce and Sebastian and Orlando and this is from the Reverend again Remember whoever you're watching the new road to us the other day with the church's bell free Oh, yes, during our morning worship service is we sometimes listen to you and pray for you Sure, PS I don't want to give the name of my church because we shun publicity is the work of the devil Well, that's good. I only wish that some of those TV evangelists would feel the same way Don't you? Well, thank you Reverend Harold you're a wonderful human being and continue your good work Okay 1231 a WIO deal. Let's go to Daniel. Hello Good. I burn time Really yes, I mean there aren't just antiques and daisiness. I want you to try to say Don't forget antique time at nine o'clock Saturday morning exclusively Yeah, right Right why do they Under news Refrain from calling it a riot? Well, because they're a bunch of cowards. I mean, you know, and of course there's a lot of pressure on them now during the Super Bowl week especially There's the enormous pressure from the chamber of commerce types and a politician's owed. Don't say we haven't riots in Miami They'll be the kiss of debt just just let's minimize it We just had a little disturbance and you know, let's go on with our life and have a big party and make everybody happy, you know Okay, and do the Ikey wood shuffle, you know Well, I wasn't here in 81 when the first one broke out Well, I will say this What happened here last night? Pailed in Duencegivians. Thank goodness compared to what happened here eight years ago I mean that was beyond description One of the most barbaric events in a history of this country eight years ago And for the callers who Watch that thing about having to work on Right Yeah, that is a lot of crap. Oh, pretty good thing all the TV talks who did that when it was fashionable a few months ago And they brought the people on and then they admitted you know two thirds of the way through was a hoax and they just made it up to make these people To show you what prejudices all about I mean if people are that insecure and they have that Yeah, I Sooner or later you have to start stop feeling sorry for people people are got to stop being insecure If they if they don't like themselves that's their problem, okay? I mean I certainly know that because I fit in several categories I can think of immediately that are two popular in American society I don't care. I don't live for other people all right and if people have a problem that's their problem I'm not gonna let it be mine and I'm not gonna let it destroy my existence Right, and there's no way that you can tell what discrimination is by living in for a couple hours anyone that is correct I mean when you're living your whole life then you know what it is Yeah Okay I don't know to you listen that's it makes too of us have a great day 233 a wild someone sent us the Radio listings from the Palm Beach post TV book you know and this is of course someone that has Me doing Zeta connection and April's corner with April word them on p o m and Listen to this leaf out our show three to six p m W j n o A topical talk program featuring guests and discussions of current events with host Lee Fowler Now this week's schedule includes Tuesday at four representative Tom Lewis reviewing 1988 and previewing 1989 But Friday at four Bob half will discuss the best excuses for being late Now wonder which don't get any calls on Palm Beach anymore And I do have the program and Station it off for chia practice hotline you know for you Chia practice hotline on ws BR Well I can't wait for that. Oh, yeah, just looking at some well we get some crap in it Really weird stuff. I mean it's not good. It's not bad. It just doesn't make any sense But that's America ladies and gentlemen 1234 wild and if you're in the mood for delicious Thai food right now You get in that car if you're up and brought and head for science You know how you emotional those people a 1239 21 to One W i would do the Neil Roger show Steve will be along he's got open phones a saffron known from two until six apparently We think yeah, well, you know, it's kind of difficult They they're doing some stuff here in our mailboxes are no longer where they used to be all everybody stuff is on the floor So it really looks great you go out in the hallway here and they just a bunch of cassettes and crap and mung and stuff on the floor anyway We got incredible mail here today some really bizarre stuff. Here's one from a free port And it's seized dear mr. Roger just to note select you know that on the island of Gran Bahamas You have a large listing audience I and my fellow workers at the airport and free free port freeway Enjoy listening to you and mr. Burr You're showing a refreshing break from the local government controlled station radio ZNS which is comprised of 50% propaganda 40% religion and 10% crap Nice blend. Oh, well, that's better than a lot of stations in this are about 90% crap W i o d comes in extremely clear up until about 730 p.m Uh-huh I think what he probably means up until pattern changes what he's trying to say which five to 30 pages from month order Well, in a couple of months it'll be seven. That's right. I along with others realize that you're not particularly fond of the Bahamas However much of what you find unfavorable is true. We do have problems here. Huh boy now here is an honest man They're almost it's almost unprecedented isn't it? Yeah, however your show does raise the consciousness of many here even though that is not the show is purpose That is true purposes for us to make money keep up the good work and keep mr. Burr cackling We love him too. I'm unable to call because the long distance charges are un Beel evil. Oh, seriously melvin in preport. Thank you. Melvin great letter. You're great Well, I don't need not a great American. I don't think but these are great Western hemisphere type person, right? Yeah something like that. Okay. It's 12 41 19 till one in our next call is in four-letter. Dale. Hello. Hi I'm speaking about pond beach and this depidity of reading an article in the Harold and six and three days as temple-condo Residence feud over surreplate over what over sewer pipes. Oh, yeah No, I kind of missed on that one. Oh, they built they built this temple right next to the century village there Well, let's get a ton of molesting and they wanted to hook into their surreplate So they got permission to do it and now the condo association is swimming them and they've lost two cases And now they're going on to the Florida Supreme Court because they use 75 feet of their property Centri village. This is for their own Simple. Well, they're on hand. God is going to punish them. I was thinking that they've wasted so much money And so much energy if they could have only channeled it into something that worthwhile like maybe helping the press Yeah, you know, well God forgot for bed that people should do anything productive, you know, but there's much more fun Getting into their little you know Condo associations and having verbal fist fights or or having real fist fights over parking spaces important things like that But I want to they have so much money that they could be helping people with their smart I mean they must I'm sure that they're fairly smart even other petty what makes you say that? Why would you think that people are smart behavior like that? Yeah, I do No, no, we have to do it sit around and and think of things that they can be good Well, if they were if they were smart they wouldn't had they would have something else to do besides sit around believe me Yeah, have a nice life It's 1242 by the way She mentioned something about that temple so this ties in a little bit the first films of the Fifth-anym you will Jewish film festival are being shown at the University of Miami's Beaumont cinema and I think you're gonna really be impressed by the names of the films And I'm not I'm not making a sub-rager gave this to me right off the wire, okay? University of Miami shows Gafilta fish Jewish life in Bialestock and Jewish King Lear February 28 every two weeks through February 20. It's so it's on now. Okay good heavens now probably somebody will get confused and they'll think that I said They were serving Gafilta fish They are not serving it. They're showing it as a movie. It's probably like a fish called Wanda That's what I'll name my name on this exactly Miami. Hello. Yes, right. Yeah. How are you today? Okay? So I don't know I tuned in about an hour ago. Just to hear the news about the riot and to see exactly what the end results were As I started to listen to your callers and to your show I got well pretty upset because in my opinion This community deserves riots and the reason I say that is we built such fantastic Arinas on the edge of over town. We build a great Betroil system right through the heart of the ghetto and I have to go through the over town Questions your talk real system that you talk real system that you're talking about cost they're Fettler about cost they're federal government a billion dollars to build It would seem to me that is as much of a boom dog as it is that it would be you know helpful to those people who have jobs downtown or in the areas that are served by it You know, I don't see it as a tremendous blight like some other things that they build and as far as building the arena on the edge of over town That was a very fancy thing that they did in luckily, you know, they they heat with all their problems It losses of Ed tremendous a fan support and attendance So I don't what do you try to say what should they build? Should they build some slum housing down there? What what they should they build? Well, when you say it was a chat you think to build it my god They got a cheap piece of property that they could just walk in for dirt cheap and build a But I feel you dollar arena which we can watch up there. I don't I don't hear anybody complaining about the fact that they built Cobble arena downtown Detroit. I don't I don't hear people by the way about that Is that we in this community here are slow constantly bothered by our third world immigrants that we haven't taken the time to look at what the local community is going down here in an over town especially Yeah, I heard you mention a little a lot of go down every street corner are drug pleasure that is yours That's absolutely correct. I know it's correct. Yeah, may please department some stations right over town How many times this community going to have to watch a right police Black officer, you know again you don't know any of the any of the detail. I don't want to talk to you sir You don't know any of the details of this story right away You want to fan the flames of all of this and tell us that we deserve riots and I'm going to tell you again for the umpteenth time There are a lot you know the overwhelming majority of poor people in America are white Okay Simply because it's a numbers game 89% of the population of this country is white or Oriental non black, okay I don't see white people rioting In areas where there are enormous pockets of white poverty all right It's not an answer to the problem. It's not socially acceptable To be burning down communities To be setting cars on fire to be putting innocent people's lives in jeopardy you happen to be bystanders We have nothing to do with your grievance. That's not acceptable and when some jackass like you calls on a talk show And tries to legitimize it and suggest that somehow this is a socially acceptable kind of behavior that we deserve Because somebody built an arena on the edge of overtime that I would say to you sir that you're an asshole, okay It's 1246 and Wiod you're a super bowl super host super silliest station You believe that we deserve riot. I'm still in shock. Yeah Just like all those kids have got killed in Liberty City in 1880 deserve it killed because they were in a wrong place at the wrong time and there were a bunch of angry people, okay They were angry because we had another grievous miscarriage of justice No question about an arthropy Duffy was murdered by police out of control, okay murdered brutally savagely and they all got off Scott free and it was a grotesque miscarriage of justice Just like the ruling by the judge was an enduced interdialis about the the murder of the two homosexuals Dallas and Dallas and I don't see anybody rioting in the street. I didn't see them rioting. Well, I take that back. There was rioting in San Francisco and that's just as unacceptable They were rioting and burning and carrying on like barbarians When Dan White was given a slap on the wrist and and that was just as grotesque and just to make any difference who's doing the rioting It's not a in a supposedly and I underlined it were supposedly civilized society Not acceptable but the problem is we're not civilized We're a bunch of barbarians who accept violence as a routine part of life. It's all around us. We revel in it Most people in this country won't even go to a movie unless it's got at least, you know Half an hour of good violence and gore in it. They don't want to be bothered with it I mean if it's socially relevant or somehow Might touch you or inspire you or do something meaningful for forget that They want good violence. They want blood and guts and gore and decapitation and body parts because we've been conditioned to it We accept it like it's normal part of life. It's not it's sick Why do you think there's this big thing with professional wrestling again? So on you know on the one hand we like to decry a lot of things. Oh, it's terrible. It's her right it and on the other hand we love it This is a country that can't make up its mind Well, I was watching a few minutes of channel 7 should try to 13 to part three last time. Yeah, we had teenagers with Axis in their heads Him part of it down there. Sure no problem at all guaranteed box office man. Yeah, and it guarantee yeah And I'm not saying I haven't enjoyed some of those occasionally, but I mean when you have parts two through what 3000 Just for the purpose of showing gratuitous violence Then we got a problem somewhere Everybody's awesome said oh about sex. We don't want to see body parts. We don't want to say that that's terrible Okay, got only you know for bid we should see a naked person or a body a genital on television because that's so dirty I mean this is part of the pure puritanical Backwardness of American society like a bunch of the inner thoughts like the pilgrims and worse At least they had an excuse. What's our excuse today? We don't have an excuse That is socially unacceptable, okay, but on the same TV show Manifoo you have 8000 body parts And just not those particular body parts Flying in every direction and blood and guts and people shooting each other and just ripping each other's brains out and guts That's great. That's good entertainment Well, that's why there's some awesome family fun for you know the whole family why is this series so successful? Why have they made six or seven damn right because the public sucks it up? That's exactly They would don't blame the movie makers. You know, you know, they're strictly in it to make money. All right to business So don't go blaming the messenger blame yourself because that it's like this thing the other day about the kids in the uniforms and I hear all these Wigning Limpers did the parents oh, she's well, you know our kids are close hog Well, then in still different values in them stop waiting for somebody else to do something, okay? And the problem is that you people are instilling the same warp twisted values that you've got This materialistic crap You know, I got all those real nice cars and everything, but you know something if I didn't have them Life would go on. I mean, it's they're nice and I can afford them and that's fine But that's not the most that's not what my life is all about Materialism is garbage, okay? And unfortunately we're gonna have another eight years now Probably the same kind of materialistic crap coming from Washington right from the top grab all you can get Go with a gusto all of that crap And to hell with everybody else So no question they're all the world is insane or no question about that and we certainly have grotesque injustices in his country But the answer again is not the kind of thing that we saw last night this knee jerk reaction And Was the victim black was he white was he this was he that that's that's not the point The point is if there's an injustice let's work to correct it Let's not go out and try to attack innocent bystanders because we're angry Prof. 51 a W. I would be if you've ever been turned up I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers Prophecy Ford W. I would do if you think we're overreacting about the national implications and about you know all We've had so many nails in a coffin of this town already that I don't know if there's room for anymore But the final ones have been appounded in here's USA today which is red Coast of codes okay around the world around the world front page today full color picture Of a police officers with the fires burning in the background and the headlights as violence rattles Miami Super Bowl city struggles with twin crises and an under our two articles Miami cops mobilized to keep order about the disturbance last night and then the other one bordering on refugee saturation Cover story It says this city preparing for the national scrutiny surrounding Super Bowl week is trying to put its best put forward But it's been difficult Each day since December 200 Nicaraguan refugees have arrived in a heart-rendering it says Search for a new home Heart-rendering when to who wrote this But anyway, so we really are doing it boy. We are really doing it See very very simple solution to the problem about Refugees or illegal aliens or whatever they are mean these people haven't been processed. They just they're just here Okay, that's correct very simple solution and that is to you know how we're fleeting buses And To take them back where they came from take them back to Brownsville or wherever they crossed the border and say hey, this is your problem And spread the word around that the end is not open here There's lots there's lots of land in between okay in between Texas and Florida I know it comes as a great shock, but there's Arkansas Louisiana and Mississippi and Alabama and Georgia and all these other places, okay? This community just doesn't have like an endless supply of of resources for refugees Are they is it my imagination are they obsessed with Miami? This is the answer of course because this has been they've been catered to here This has been a area that has you know not resisted this it's been allowed to go on and on and on We have large speaking a Spanish speaking population and you know the word is out that hey This is a haven for you know a Spanish speaking refugees so everybody come on down And the politicians here don't have the balls to say hey, they're not gonna allow this We'll just we'll just put a fence up at the border we'll do something But this just can't go on a federal government can't keep in flicking this upon and of course Not only do they inflict it upon us, but they don't pay for it. They don't pick up the bill for it not a penny Not a penny You know here we are sitting raising money for the Camilla sounds which is a very worthy Thing that we do and I'm you know we raised almost 40 grand for but that's a drop in the bucket these are Americans were out there on the streets And some maniac somewhere is of the opinion or a group of them that hey we can just we can just let everybody in a world Compooring in here and don't worry about the consequences. We take care of it everybody You see this evolutionary process in Swarms of refugees during a period of industrial growth yeah Understand but we're not we don't have industrial growth on the Japanese It's taken all other way from us plus they're buying up the whole damn country okay? We don't have that where the biggest detonation in the world Where the jobs gonna come from you know people don't understand the implications of this and the pulp Who's busy smoking dope or whatever you know? He don't understand the implications of this when people continue reproducing like rabbits And there are no jobs for these people in over 50% of the population in Mexico and a lot of these other Latin American countries is under the age of 15 Where in God's name are these people gonna work who's gonna feed them? So to hell with family planning or things of that all main those are all communist aren't they naturally those Family planning people plant parenthood and all those other horrendous Reverse of organizations and God forbid birth control the more the merrier because hey, send him to Miami. They'll take care of them So we get it again man we get we get more abuse in this community We get the dumped on and the dump on ourselves and it's it's it's like a it's like this community He's got a death wish You know you look at other places and I don't want to beat a dead horse, but you know I talk about going to Hawaii and how damn hard it is to get there and it takes forever and they're flourishing Managed to and they just got more money than they know what to do with and the same with Vegas And when you know unless you're coming from California on a freeway it takes forever to get to Vegas for most of the populated parts of this country And they're doing a giant business Conventions interrest and millions and billions of dollars They're taking their exploiting their natural advantages. Are we doing that? No? We're just busy destroying ourselves here and having a hell of a good time doing it It is Okay April is standing by would be one o'clock wild news will come back in 105 steam with open phones at two and then of course on your Super Bowl Super hostation It's super sports talk at 605 No, it's 105 and wild did just ain't the show must go on you know what they say Anyway, here we are and We have an hour to go Open line in Dave County 7519463 751 wild and our first call of hours in Miami. Hello. Hello, Alan What Neo? Yeah, yes, no. I'm calling him about yesterday's show Excuse me The talk radio the movie I did not know for the life of me what happened to Alan Burp and told you told me yesterday that he was murdering and they made a movie about his life No, no, not Alan Burk sir Alan Burg With a G on a end Oh, sir have a wonderful life. Okay 106 to wild we have an opening in date if you move real fast to fill up that void there 751 wild Carol city hello Okay He's I don't know he's wandering so You know What what kicks me off is that you have a lot of young You know, I don't want to make this a black issue of color is you know, but you have a lot of young black men They come up you have some of their 15 years old They choose to put a people on their pocket and then they choose to go sell drugs and still Writing an essay or trying to get a great that improve or whatever getting the plumbing and school Now this is something that hurt our Neighborhood so bad. Yes, or why is it? Why is it tolerated? Why does it go on all the time? This is something that that has happened and it continues to happen because we have a lot of people that are afraid to Stand up and one and say hey, we will not have this See a lot of the you know There's tremendous racism in the country. I would never deny that but we got a lot of separate issues here And to muddy them all together and lump them all together is unfair and it doesn't do anything You know give me any perspective on it the attitudes that exist in much of our black community are screwed up Absolutely screwed up for example the young black women a teenager is 14 15 16-year-old girls Who get pregnant and then insist on having the children because to them having a baby is this big thing I mean you know I've seen lots of programs about this and I'm a poled by it You know 15-year-olds are not parents Okay, and then you know we have all of these homes we keep hearing about all the homes where the the father has left and here's the mother With all these little babies and everything what kind of family structure is that okay? That's insanity Placing us exactly right so you know we can keep screaming about you know About the the white people and I bad they are and the white cops and about prejudice and racism That's a whole separate issue. Yeah, you know I'm not gonna get on here like dancing McCallum used to and see all these cornball things about I'll black people have to lift them up themselves up by the bootstraps I mean, that's just a condescending bunch of crap, but nonetheless if you want to get somewhere in this life Man you got to change your own priorities your own attitude and just be in a gyvas moron doesn't get the job done Exactly Neil okay safe wins with myself I work every day Neil I have a wife I have a son we're expecting another child I recently bought a house Not I don't want to make myself sound like I'm better than anybody but Neil I am trying to help myself Yeah, I have received help from other people because they recognize the fact that I'm trying to help myself and I for the life of me I can't understand why This isn't I mean other people can't seem to you know that I talk with and I tell them about this I preach a very positive note to them when I do talk with them and I try not you know Like I say I try to pass on the positive note and I wish that they were heated and take with you You know and take it into their lives, but you know it just it just P me to see that when something happened you know you got a lot of bad people just waiting around for something to happen A shooting death of a contra versus shooting death or whatever That we still though we still don't know very much about even now here it is said it's pan after one and half of the Esthetic 545 and we still don't know all that much about it And this is what they're waiting for something like this to happen so they can come out and And it really you know and let out all this anger and stuff or something that they didn't take You know they didn't apply them so to conducting what I should say a proper life I should say I mean nearly it's not that hard if you want to get the things that you have to get At there's a heart it's hard to get those things because you got to put some heart We got to put in some effort to see it takes no effort to walk around with a chip on your shoulder and be a Jive as moron in a douche bag and you know it just be a useless human being taking up space that a worthwhile person could be taken up The skin color doesn't make any difference. I you know I've lived long enough that I know an every group as corny as it sounds in every group There are the good the bad the indifferent the in between and you know Doesn't make any difference whether they're black white or Hispanic or Anglo or Jews or Christian whatever they are People are people okay. That's a bottom line and and just and just to constantly walk around with a chip on your shoulder like the world Use something I got news for your man those people can wait forever and they're never gonna get what they think somebody owes him Just gonna have Another thing Businesses that are in the neighborhood they have to take this garbage Yeah, this is just absolute garbage. You know their place is have to be loaded and you know It's raiding and all of this stuff this it's because Guys selling drugs outside of your house and all of this outside of the business is whatever This is what makes the whole neighborhood decline that maybe we're just declined and decline and decline and And you got I mean it's an awful frustrating situation that you just can't really it's so many things that you have to get into and Talk about but it's just it's just frustrating Well, I appreciate your you know you made a lot of sense and I appreciate it. Okay. You take it. You too. Okay, so 11 after one It's a lot of Wild do you got a lot of lines open? I guess he was a little bit too Serious too heavy for most of the audience, but what he said made a lot of a sense and was refreshingly honest Yeah, and if you had told me that we would be discussing this in mid January 1989 I would have been to said no way We're gonna be discussing another disturbance in Miami that's it's impossible It's it's not a disturbance. It's part of the ongoing pattern of life in his town There is and one of the things that crossed my mind last night when I heard on radio going home after I saw that movie And I turned on the radio and I hear this and one of the first things that comes to mind is Well, how about going to work tomorrow morning? You know is that we're gonna have that kind of a situation Of course luckily it didn't get that out of hand But we have had that hat and six schools closed in that area today I mean just how much more this are we gonna tolerate before the powers that be in his community say enough is enough and You know big part of the problem is In this country we you know everybody's angry about crime okay outraged and we got all these crime shows that You know the FBI shows and find this criminal and everybody's PO and vigilante just But nobody wants it to build any jails in their neighborhood or anywhere you know within 5,000 miles of where they live Now unless you build prisons and put the aberrant people away We're gonna continue living in a slaughterhouse and all every one of these Doosbanks who's out there and I don't care how young they are or how petty it is every one of these idiots It's out there pedaling drugs ought to be in jail It reminds me of these things where we read about the people who you know get their license suspended 15 times and 20 times And you know why to killing people and all these things that they do in the west how in God's name did they ever get the license back? Well, one of the things when 48 hours to show in Miami a few months ago You remember that around on the Thursday night and one of the things the main thing I learned from that show when they went to the court It's courts in Miami You have to be convicted of selling drugs like five times. Yeah, it's not great before you're gonna go to jail terrific Is that incredible that's a fact? That's an absolute fact So how many you know lives that they give you the opportunity to screw up before they're gonna put you away Hold bunch of mob easily you screw up a whole bunch of people I've time maybe even kill a few through you know, and which isn't direct indirect way of murder We have an open line in Broward 524 wio d it's 1 13. I want to tell you old d 11 17 at wio Did we got a mobile in Broward? Hello? Hello, hello, yeah, this is Neil. I think so. Hi Neil my name is Ivan. I'm a first time caller. I'm calling for my car somewhere in Carroll City First I think is a great show. I just moved down here from New York and in July And I think is one of the best talk shows Well, yeah, I'm still here. I want to think I want to talk about besides a situation over town Yeah, the situation with John Thompson a Georgetown walking out and trying to dispute These roles as proposition 42 Where all they're asking these athletes to get financial aid to get into college is a 7 hundred on your SAT scores Yeah, which is basically they give you 400 for sitting down. Yeah to get a 700 Yeah, I want to tell you everything Ivan. I'm so disgusted with collegiate athletics I'm not maybe they ought to ban all collegiate athletics for about 10 years and go back to the original purpose of Colleges and universities and that is higher education That's what it's supposed to be all about not building dynasties football dynasties and basketball dynasties What the hell is that got to do with college? Okay, what are they all those jocks? All those morons out there? Why don't they let him go out and play semi-pro ball and you know call it what it is and pay him some bucks and you know Make some kind of like a minor league like we used to have so many of them in baseball You know before most of them disappeared. Well, why don't they do that? And the way thing all these scholarships and all these space that that real people who want to learn something get an education You know could be taken up that space If they can't meet the requirements to get into school, they should look no matter how good they are that is correct It's just a waste of everybody no matter how good and athlete they are if they're taken basket weaving 102 and physical Ed 103 and they have no business being in there, okay? Exactly. Thank you for the time. I appreciate it. And I will keep on listening. Okay, good talking to you Good bye. One I'd tell you I would do we have an opening in broad bargaining really serious today Are way really heavy duty today boy finally got your act that lady up there who wants me to get my Ask together. It's together baby. Okay, at least for one day We are so serious today that it's getting almost ponderous all right. Well, who would have thought this day would be this way? I mean yesterday who would have dreamed that it would be this wrong of you lived here? Yeah, you're right you haven't lived here long enough to know that at any moment's notice So this time can be a Burning in front of or just some kind of a total not house I should get theory it okay. I should know you're right I'm getting used to it We have an over-line in Volca which of course is profit the course they could be burning Great the higher county down up there in convasion 2789463 in Volca Raton 278 wio d and let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah Long time Steve listener and when you made this with you know over-d I just started picking up and liking you're still right away and I like bird also great and I'll try not to um tinkle And I'll try not to be so serious right okay. Let's let's keep it light is a right I like to keep it light Last night as the wife and I were watching the news on channel 7 and At first they weren't saying what really happened right so I said to my wife I said you know what Let's hurry up and catch and bow because I know you Without a dude But more than anything on top of that to the um the people who who live in over town And whatever way is so unfortunate that like what you're saying They can't understand things like the Miami arena and metro rail All of the positive things the army That the Anglo community has provided me I'm in terms of getting a job and not gonna let these people come in Know these Reagan Reagan's cousins and all they're gonna do a slip in and take all of these jobs because again Of They prefer to start with the people who would just say they are Well, let's just burn something and I think about it Yeah, that really solves the problem. You know burned out a bunch of your own businesses like you did back in 80 And then of course you have nowhere to go to work, you know and you put your own neighbors out of work That really accomplishes a lot and they still haven't recovered from 1980 that is correct You know and um It's said that is that way, but in all honesty I'm really not upset because I feel better that I listen to WLD and I can understand that They're two sides every issue and and more than it being two sides. There's a side that we can all share in, you know And I'm glad that you also I'm glad that you put in pressure on that Steve Kane Because I got a little tired of the The Jewish debates and No, I'll put a lot of pressure on Steve man if we told him that it'd be green another rabbi and here We know uh have another circumcision right on the spot Maybe you could talk about something else today Hopefully I think you guys are pretty great Okay, great having a great life Bye And now you know the rest of the story 2022 and WLD we have an open line in date if you move like lightning Just like uh a beehive of activities in your pants at the 751 9463 Why you're doing six to WLD or next call is from or you're gonna pass out on the floor When you hear this uh uh you are gonna do cartwheels on the ceiling Is it time for me to go to the programming office? Lakeland Hello Neo Yeah Help him having an radio emergency up here Are you really? Yeah, I moved up here Well we're having a radio emergency here. I thought for a minute there we had a call from Lakeland We are well I am calling from Lakeland Where are you like at the payboard of ABC liickers? No I'm calling from my office. I just moved my company up here I know when you look out the window can you see dog and the sun that's a question No I'm I look out my window and I see a union 76 station Oh, that's good. Why do you guys be able to look out and see the polk County jail too there right? Yeah, but the radio up here is really really lame I've been listening to last that are now for a couple of days Yeah, that gives me a lame yeah I mean he's got a new little new line that is using down everybody is get off my phone you jerk Oh He used up all of my material. I was going to use Steve's by way of Bob Grant. Yeah. Yeah. Well he got caught using unbelievable So now he's using unreal un Unbelievable yeah I was wondering too. I think that a lot of the you know like JNO gets all the radio DJs The rejects but I think I think that the television over here too and we got Frank Robertson and Tampa and Yeah, ring grip in our land. Oh, yeah, you know the Glenn Glenn Rinker sits on a 10 foot stool to do that newscast It's amazing He's one about two feet tall It's pretty interesting, but the radio really I caught part of your show yesterday and lake whales You were coming in I guess a little bit of a skip back there. We're going to have a Florida network They were going to have Bob mayor and Glenn Rinker right again I've been using breads, but they changed their mind The radio is really lame. They got a local boy. What do you expect up there? It's in Lakeland, Sir. It's in Yahooville It's the end of the world We've been even in upstate New York that I rave about the radio up there sucks. I mean the worry oh Terrell what a shot. Oh, we have a radio swap shop here on weekends. It's really an arrest Well listen, maybe Larry can't get you to work up there. You can find room for them sometimes I can pick you up though You know it's like a breath of freshness. No, in Lakeland I think it's right on the head out of here for you not yeah Right every once in a while there's a station there's a y'all station WSUN on 620 it believes Yeah, I know it's a ill-belaced station. Yeah, but occasionally I can catch a skip like around frostproof for Lake Wales in the south and a poke County No, yeah, oh frostproof we're big and frostproof Yeah, we can pick up there. We went from the wild. This is the only frostproof show in America So I have an outrageous restaurant for you if you'd like me to give it to you so boy Memorial boulevard. Oh, yeah, that's for the crystal one of that the name of the restaurant now That's the street right across from stake in shake. Yeah, yeah, it's a restaurant called CDB. Oh Yeah, it's a Italian It's a Italian Sounds like a good Italian it is B outrageous I've been wanting to try that I've been Well, me and I first week up here. I was predominantly hanging around stake to shake yeah, that's understandable What you are hanging around stake in shake? No Not eating anything just kind of hanging around Ah, well, it's like the local hang out Thank you spend too much time in Miami, sir. Lloyd-Aring is prohibited in Lakeland and punishable by death Well, that's true because you know at nighttime you should like after eight o'clock when they roll up that sidewalks Yeah, and there's like free police every you know sitting It's going about the most you want good thing up there they have like it It's not really written anywhere, but it's just not understood It's like a curfew after eight p.m. and anybody that's not on the streets where he shot on site They don't They don't discriminate up there in Lakeland. I'd just go around and anybody You know, it just happens to be out that being here gone that's why the population has never grown too much up there Well, they had a data shake up in the city council here. I understand and they got some new blood in here and they They got rid of the spots cocks that was in control for a while here They're looking forward to a lot of growth in the area. Oh, yeah Like the moss that grows on the wires. Yeah, or kind of like a giant tumor on your lip, yeah Okay, well, listen, it's been a real education Yeah, I just thought I'd give you a little bit of a last-ed or report It's really a ponderous now the All day on that station over their WSLA they've been Discussing what happened in Miami last night. Well guess what we've been discussing yeah the same thing that is correct I've been listening for about 40 minutes Yeah, I mean even though this is a an entertainment show We aren't totally like ostriches with our head in the center. Every once in a while we pull our head out just to see what's going on I want to think about getting maybe a phone line installed from my office to your station Like in the past like those old guys in century village every once every six months they pull their head out Does he what's going on and they look down and not much and they put it back where belong You know well, listen, it's right here and from you Yeah, well, you know, I whenever I get down the South Florida. I hope I you know can listen to you have a Mischa okay say hi to all my pals at ABC licus, okay? Okay, okay, okay, I don't know and the Henry Burrow since his best two okay A lot of pals at ABC licus what the boy had Henry man. I'm telling you got a watch out for him Wow he had a bottle of Dom that that guy brought in this morning and I got news for you boy talk about happy talk news I mean we got refugees we got riots we got dead people shootings and drugs and everything He offers me a drink it was nine I know the morning that's serious. I'm here But that bubbly boy I said Henry on your super silliest super bowl super host super bomb station Okay, it's 132 we have an open line in Palm Beach you're gonna have to really move fast to get that because they go like 655 9463 Miami hello Good to hello Neil how are you in hello Glenn yeah Calling from Miami I call in the Palm Beach line Real briefly first of all I hope that guy from Rayland does not Put a direct line into you because he would become chronic I can tell yeah You can you can just get that feeling that he's gonna be so desperate up there that any any touch Although I don't know why he's calling Miami to be in touch with reality because this isn't that really you've got that right my friend Anyway first of all I want you to know that you're right on I know that you're not doing issues much But how can you avoid it once in a while now? Oh unless you're a total Dodo bird I mean you just you can't avoid it you can't there's no where to escape it's all around us here Man where did like we're like drowning in a sea of manure here? It's pretty mungy Listen I wanted to just bring up a point about yesterday show and I don't mean to I just wanted another point if you because you know We all remember when this movie came out and by the way, I'm what my office people classify as an up-notchistic Nostick and When a West temptation movie came out you know all the controversy that's around today yeah and basically People that want when to see it just with a sake of the art Right people might go to see to our radio for the sake of just seeing a movie Now see the button on top radio We often was just a story is Jesus Christ something that is off limits Yeah, or not and we all decided well probably it's something that an arpening was not off Remus that you can go ahead and it's probably fantasy in the beginning anyway to what the hell yeah Well, the radio again is just If we just treat it's barbid I'm sorry I'm sure it is garbage. It's garbage. It's garbage It is bad as any movie you would ever want to be it's boring. It's terminal it's tedious It is monotonous It's one-dimensional. It is just the acting is tragic. It's horrible. It's bad Yeah, otherwise All right, I listen are you are you calling on our dimer yours? Because I got to do a break when you hold on You'll get one a head a start. Okay. Thank you. Bye. So in other words his dime, but he's not gonna Okay, 134 W I would deal when I tell you a time evidently was hard up for column and he Have figured he would rip us all right back one 30 That's right every now and then comment is better than do a gratuitous thing where and now that he's not working for cops anymore now he can really go crazy Because when he was at the Miami News he had you know all of even then I will say this he had the balls to rip the hell out of the company And the deservedly so most of the time But this is you know you're gonna talk about this? Yes, I haven't even seen this. You hadn't seen him See you got to start getting with it. You guys are getting up early You gotta hear this show from the beginning You gotta review last night's tapes of sports dogs so you can rip into Joe You gotta get with what you want to rip into like me What do you think we can tell me? No, man. I have lead here now I had an aid of listening this had native-clack business appointment at Terranbury I had breakfast with a client and a guy food poisoning and I've been in bed ever since that should be an omen Now have you seen tortsong trilogy? No, but here it's great. So I'm from here. It's great. I've been trying to get over there to see it. I'll probably see it over the weekend Yeah, go up to sunrise to the Fox theater you get every 900 year old bag in the world I know yeah, just a solo blue hair. I saw the layer of the white worm up at the fox Did you yes, I the white worm probably a bit last night is But anyway, so you can read times of column there I just the entire book here the just What sports tell you want to see what they were? What is the gag you man? You started to get a real ask you a question about this column Joe now now Tom sort of What kind of says we're kind of perpetrating a hoax on the public you know with this ID some Not a high-to-perpetrating a hoax where we are at No, never said we're carrying the game Well my question is they run a promise. We're carrying it. We hinted we were carrying it What do we say we're superbowl what do we're supposed to wear your superbowl superbowl superho superstar? Well my question is means nothing okay, I don't want to pay for the rights to that okay Say to run says problem Who told us that somebody lined to us? I think Roger told us that the way what you're saying is all it's just what Tom saying in his column Oh no I said there's a lot of truth in what he writes but he compares it to the channel for don't worry be happy There's no comparison. I mean I grant you that promo that we play the one it goes on for 60 seconds it has like at least a quarter of football in there You know, I mean it's love it's great hearing requever, but it's like a whole quarter of football You know, I mean that's 60 second promo is too long. It's too long and it's on too often But it's not in the same league is don't worry be Moronic or it's sure yeah That's sure but you know what they say it doesn't matter what you say as long as you spell my name right? Yeah, so I know what they say what go through round coming through round that's okay Don't get Q a.m. What demographics they don't have any audience? I don't know what you're talking about Their numbers at night hour by hour wait till you hear these numbers Q a m One thing though you if you can't be good be consistent I want you to listen to the I'll give you though all the numbers from five a.m to one a.m. Okay one point four point four point six one 0.6.5 point four point five point seven point seven point four point five one one six two one eight point five point five so between eight p m and eleven p m they're doing This humongous number with nobody I mean 25 to 54 they got no they got 1800 people Now a W I O D in the same time what it'd be embarrassing if we had no it now we got no we know that isn't the case We know we're just massive at least 10 a were are they okay sure Six to eight we got a four four and a three you know it's two hours 12 plus 25 to 54 you've got Oh look at this men 10,5, hundred and 66 hundred and they're talking like 50 and I could bring poll You know they could rent the holiday in so I wouldn't worry about it okay Now you did hear about that new talk show that's coming on at six though to enjoy okay it's 140 142 I'll ask you my question another day always your question although when I tried to ask about eight times you mean that one Or when I tried over and over and over to ask that question No, if I we got a new and seriously we got a new gambling show from six day with Larry King is gonna be the host And he's gonna be paying for all his bets with checks. It's gonna be tremendous okay it's 18 till two at W I O D and let's take one in Miami yellow Yeah, my name is Don yeah, the Long time list for 10 color and I listened to your first hour today and I thought was probably one of the most On-of-thours that I've never heard well this town needs some more honesty We need fewer of politicians who are pandering to various ethnic groups We need fewer a chamber of commerce people are trying to you know put a sugar coated to something around his community And cover up the problems we really have here. We need honesty. We don't have it in this town Well, you know I'm so glad to hear you say that because I'm in the ladies who are and Just briefly I just want to give you a rundown. I've been down here since In 1976 in Miami Beach I had 21 accounts today. I have two yeah Part of that is from Haitians coming in back in 1980 81 In the two accounts I have there As far as credit they're almost gone As far as Fort Waterdale which you were landbathed Oh, yeah, absolutely right. Yeah, I've gone from 12 accounts down to three And yet I go I'll tell you one thing if I were you if you want to really invest in the future If you're gonna do business on the beach and in Fort Waterdale instead of swimwear I would think maybe depend undergarments would be a much sure You know I think you're gonna be right, but then I turn around and I look at Daytona Beach Yeah, where they have really tried to get some of the customers in there And I've gone from four accounts at the 14 account. Yeah, and I wonder if that's why we're trying to drive everybody out of here And it's just driving me nuts and nobody gets involved and Now we've got the Nick Rogan to come in and I have nothing to get Nick Rogan But I turn around and I say it doesn't make any Dixeri doesn't make any difference who they are or where they're coming from it just gone to the point of ridiculous This community has got a limited capacity and we just can't continue taking unlimited numbers of refugees and expecting Somehow to find a housing and clothing and jobs It's just again can't go on forever Can't go on forever and go on forever and in sp- and in spite of that most of the politicians give a little lip service Well, we're sending a telegram to the president. We're gonna do this, right? And they don't do anything, okay? I turn around and I look at some of these people who have gone out of business and I say why don't they get involved? I mean those with people who have been affected dramatically I've been affected badly and I try to stay a little bit involved but the politicians down here Obviously don't give a damn. I remember Governor Bob was done there in a keys welcoming the Emery-ell refugees as they got off the boats bringing the criminals and the mental defectives out of the institutions That Castro put in the boats with them and you know practically leading them arm and armhand and hand up the highway The South Florida. Oh, I know I know what you're saying and I'll just say this very very briefly Is that you know having done the business as long as I have the years to be that maybe 75% of our business has done in South Florida being Miami Miami Beach on up the coast today. It's all being done on the left coast Yeah, and it's a very frustrating thing and you know I don't want to belabor the point But well, listen, I don't know what they're thinking about okay because you know as well as either you obviously been here for a period of time And you remember the days when this town was alive and you know you you've seen the closing of major restaurants And you've seen like the castaways and all these other formerly great hotels that are now Either raised to the ground or sitting there being trying to be in sold as condos for $25,000 or anything they can get I mean this town is going to hell on a hand basket nobody wants to admit it That that astonishing Sunday a few years ago when a hero a woke up and got an inspiration and on a Sunday They had that big front page story about all these restaurants that have closed up in the beaches of toilet and all and then of course We hear nothing more for another 10 years Nobody wants to talk about what's really happening to this town. This town's got the potential to put Vegas in Atlantic City in Hawaii. It's got a potential to put them all the sleep if we really wanted to To exploit it and take advantage of it and instead we turn the keys of the city over to a bunch of Neanderthal Redneck Yahoo's like Bob Cox And like Xavier Swarr as in Steve Clark and we just let them turn this place into a toilet Well, you're absolutely right and thank God you're saying something about it over the radio But I'm trying to get involved as much as I possibly can and you know, I'm just going that's right now myself As to what's happening down here and I just hope that a lot of other people Listen to you. Well, just people on thing in mind my friend. It's not gonna get any better Okay, I'm just gonna help I hope that it is true. I'm being honest with you. It's not gonna get any better. Well, I know you've done everything you possibly can I've got to keep my hand My optimism saying that somehow a lot of people are gonna get involved and so okay all right A lot of people are getting involved and get a lot better. Okay. I hope I'm so it's not gonna happen But I make you happy Well, I don't even make me happy. I hope it works. Okay. Okay. 147 at WIO Day I mean, you know, they're those you can tell the truth. They're gonna tell people what they want to hear and he's a good guy But obviously he can't he can't come to grass with reality and it is difficult to cope with The fact that you live in the midst of so many people just don't They just don't care. They're not interested. Don't you understand? They do not care You can beat them over the head with a baseball bat and they still aren't gonna care You don't hold a 357 magnum to their brain. They are still not gonna care Okay, it's just the nature of the people in this area They are takers. They're not givers. They're people are waiting to die. They're people are waiting to go back to wherever they came from It's a mess. I'm reminded that when we had the tens under the Overpass correct. I identify you know, that's sort of the same thing. That's why they called it 10 cities Sort of the same thing today. They're just in a different location. That's correct gosh But you know what they say what goes around? Okay, it's 1-48 12 till 2 and we'll be right back 152 at WIO. Do you don't forget Steve has open phones today am I right about that? We can promise. Oh, it's a touching go in other words If Spike doesn't fight out about it all right, let's go to a Miramar hello Yeah, I was wondering about one thing about the steel. I can't hear you sir You're like go off in the in the distant past Did you get it better enough? Yeah, okay. I was wondering about the Theel yesterday. What do you think about the way the police react? I thought there's letting it go on saying that they weren't responsible for what was going on And they were not trying to stop it. What did you want them to do? Are you the little force? That's what they're there for to protect you. Well, how much? All of them much to take yeah, however much it takes you all you want them to shoot a bunch more people If it got to that yes, but I think if they show it a little for another way when people throw rocks and bottles We have to start shooting him as out you say I'm saying they should do it more than run away Okay, sir have a wonderful life and I can easily see while you live in Miramar It's one of the three a WIO day look at this boards almost like blind We've only got about six or seven minutes, but they're three-stinking calls left on here So it's obvious that we really inspire the audience to greater heights and Really really got the message across today, right? I mean, not that we're gonna get more than we wouldn't even get the three on But it's just amazing to me my amy hello Neo how you doing okay first time call a great show I've got a way if there's a disturbance that breaks out tonight to quill it We mobilize all of them in the area It'll be so busy making love that nobody worried about burning in okay sir You're a great American and call us again in about three years. Okay boy. I'll tell you we're getting why do I? I get after the last break we should never take another call. Okay. I mean when things have been going relatively well And we had a few rational people why should we ever take another call after the last you know last four five minutes We should just do our closing Epilogue There's some little it is yeah, yeah, yeah, of course it is and this would be the epilogue period and there's a couple things I wanted to hear anyway. Yeah, no, I don't mean no No, I'm sorry about songs come on Now this is the epilogue if you want to call it then we could read from as opposed to the Epidermas Or the epic hour yeah, oh Well, you know, what is there left to say? I mean I've said it all and over and over and I said it many times before over the last 13 long God forsaken years in this town I don't see anything changing. It's the same morass is and I I'm you know I do not dilute myself into believing that I'm gonna change anything because I'm not I mean tangible things like we raised that 40,000 or close to it for Camilla sauce was great It was rewarding because you know it was being used well and all of that But so you can do something tangible on that order But as far as making any dramatic change in a town like this where nobody cares you can't do it If this was a town where the people were really involved and they were highly motivated and they were civic minded and they were Activist instead of being actively apathetic then you can do almost anything you like You know when Jerry Williams did the thing in Boston with the seat belts Back to people But this isn't Boston this is like a place where you don't live here you vegetate You just they hook up on the sheen to you and they register if there's just a little you know like that you know the life machine where it's just beeping Hmm Oh, yeah all of the calls coming in our moron so it's not worth it No, I'm not taking any of these it's like I said last after the last break from now on We'll just handle it on our own so to speak unless there's some Radiant call waiting right see it's just like you know yesterday I was talking to Stan about that story us on seeing in from Iceland about the plastic bags and the paper bags See that got the people in Iceland forming at the mouth They were just going credit that's what it would take here if they put a tax on your plastic bag rest of the world looks at our Society with all the violence and the shooting and the obsession with guns and all this and they think we're crazy They think we're absolutely nuts and in London for example if somebody gets killed with a gun It's big it's a big story. Yeah, and they still don't understand why most of the police There are some that do but most of the police there's still don't carry gun don't they have something like 20 people killed the years. Oh, I mean the number is is reducing credit almost not the whole century Yeah, we kill more people than a good month and they'd county than they kill our whole year in England Okay, and And yet you people are conditioned into believing that this is the way things are supposed to be and I hate to sound like I'm paraphrasing that Howard Bealthing and that work But that movie was loaded with truth about American society and their obsession with television and their mindlessness and it Look how much worse it's gotten since that movie came out that was 13 years All right, and now almost every other TV show is another one of these inside Story You know whatever the hell of names are all the same thing they're all tabloids sensationalism yellow journalism Because that's what the public is knee deep into man they're up to their ears and that's all they want because it's tremendous escape And I realize that a lot of things in a real world are very unpleasant But you can't escape forever you can't you can't just put blinders on like a horse and never look around and see the reality of the world That you're living in I mean are you see the problem in this country is we're so juvenile We're so childish that we can't live up to coping with reality It's like these people that are so insecure like that story about the thing, you know with the blue eyes and all you know and prejudice Who the hell cares? You can't live your lives for what other people think you got to stop worrying about that, okay? And that's the problem man. We got about nine 99 and nine 10 percent of the people in this country are conformists Yeah, they just want to do what everybody else does how many times have I said like when fashion? Okay if if the women tomorrow Started walking around with burlap sacks on if some Maniac designers that hey, this is a new fashion I guarantee that there'd be a 50 million women the next day who'd be out there shopping for burlap sacks Why do you people want to be reproductions? Yeah You want to be clone. Why do you want to be repose? I want to be stamped at like a cookie cutter Just like the thing about the kids in school with the uniforms So they can all look exactly alike and be good little obedient clones of each other That's not what life is all about life is about a little bit of individual individual thinking be your own person Anyway, I think we really saw all the problems the world today Now tomorrow we're gonna solve the problems of the medical profession in the middle Call up Mike Seal get up on a phone. Okay. Tell me what it like. Yeah Find a get your act together. Yeah great tomorrow. We're gonna go back to the situation show. Okay. No more of this. Let's save this for Steve hopefully Now who are these guys on work really? Who are those guys? So they steaks guest today. Is he have guests now? Maybe well, is that maybe what kind of how can I promote the show and we don't know what's going on here a little quick message sarun was trying oh It's a sarun. I thought I had a new Palestinian Producer in there is something anyway Steve is coming along next with whatever it got We'll see tomorrow morning at 10 stay cool stay kind of a great life and maybe good news be yours