1037 a W. I. O. Do you have a four courses of Sammy Sammy a little bit later on in the hour? But first of my amy call hello morning, the old. How are you? Welcome back. Yes, sir. Uh, I wanted to tell you that um, uh, for for the bird over there. Uh, Joanne Rice is going to beat the DM's her multi day. What does that mean for the bird Joanne Rice is you going there for the bird or she going there for some other reason. Yeah, she's going there for another reason, but uh, I know uh, Glenn has been trying to hook up with uh, Joanne. Well, I got news for you, sir. Glenn has been trying to hook up with anything that's a lot of a shame for me. What does that mean? She called, but he's trying to hook up with you. What does that mean? He wanted to meet me? Is that like one of those Texas like hook them horns or what are those things they do in the football with the uh, this finger up in here. She called actually I strain this finger the other day. I told you I fell down. I strain this, but now this one started. Thank you, sir. Yeah, I have been trying to get back. Try to hook. I let you still to answer the question for what she wants to meet me. She's never wants to meet you. That's all. Don't waste your time, Joanne. Trust me. Yeah, uh, also, you know, I've heard a lot of things about Don Shula. He's um, for what I've been told he's one of like one of the nastiest coaches in the league. And uh, right now in fact, he's probably ripping some pretty big ass asses out of the players. Sammy Sammy, how do you like that Sammy, huh? Oh, he's doing great. I'm doing it. I'm just going to Orlando. I've been too, yeah. Yeah, he, uh, I think he's going to be a secretary for the magic. Yeah, magic one, oh two point seven. Yeah, all right. I'm disembarking out of material. Well, listen, thanks for the tip there on Joanne. I'm sure somebody will be trolling over there in Ota. Okay. Have a great day. You too. 1039 at WID, isn't it? Interesting how these people seem to be out of the age of 100 that doesn't seem to be that to. Oh, Alex, you're so efficient. We have to contend with that new every day. Every day she said, yes, to contend with me. I remember now what the hell are you listening? You disgusting old bag. You have to contend with it. Don't you have anything else to do? Can't you take your prune juice, animal during these hours? Clean your brains out. We have an open line in Boca and Del Rey, now, which is pretty disappointing. I really thought we were going to make a little come back there. We haven't even touched that line yet. Two seven eight nine four six three. Well, see, I'm just cleansing my whole system because I know Wayne Arnold is coming any second. And Fat Riches definitely has got his beeper in his buzzer and his magic twangering. That everything also just in case there's a little blurt at the bell out there. He's going to rush. Oh, a quickie here. Hello. Yeah, the bird was a butt-licking. This Alex Bennett, the whole week. I believe it. That's what I heard Thursday and Friday was disgusting. I want to know where the four week went. No, but I was still busy butt-licking. I really didn't notice. I was not sure. I was not sure. I'm not the fresh air good every back. Okay. Thanks for your refreshing honest, do you sir? The lines were not full at all. They were not full at all. They were light. They were light. That's how I would term it light. And I will say this management course will ignore this, but when I do the show for you and Fat Rich may disagree with this, but they stay pretty full. Fat Rich said that the birds are lighter, but I saw several times during the week where they were all empty. Several times. And he would have to give the number and ask and on the air for close. Well, it takes those old people a long time to get to the phone. They have to crawl on their hands and knees. They have to go and get their walkers out. Hello Alex. It's so refreshing. That's the one thing about this town man. We got the worst bunch of butt-sucking bird brains in this town that you're going to find anywhere in the world probably. Anywhere in the world. The first day I came to this market, WKAT 13 long excruciating years ago 13 and a half long excruciating years ago. And I sat down and little thick sides at their in the studio. I just got his ass fired and I was replacing him, but they made him show me the rope so to speak. And that big old horrendous, mussely him like studio with Frank Katzentimes picture on the wall. And the thing about it as he had died like 30 years before in his eyes, we're moving in the picture was incredible. Every time he looked out of the wall his eyes were like looking around at the piano and the bird bath and Craig Wardings toilet tissue cozy on the piano. And I punched up the first line and they said, oh you're such a breath of fresh air. And I hadn't even said anything right. Here's a mobile and browner. Hello. Oh Neil. Yeah. Mom and I went to a corner. Hey there have it a big day out there. Glad you mentioned that it's a big labor day uh card out there today. I'm a corner for that. You have any winners for me. Well let's see if there's anything I like here today. Oh look at that. Well he doesn't have the entries just a second. I've been cold lately. What? You've been cold. I like the Roma feast with Gonzalez in the second race. Okay, I'll play in the double. And let's see. Look at that. There's I'll tell you again. I expect Mike to have a good day today because he's probably wearing off the effects from being on Caldery Show. All right. What I'll do is I'll play the Roma feast and if the wins I'll give you it call back and let you know how much money I made. Okay good luck to you. Yeah have a good day. A bunch of your brains out. They need your money now. You got it. Okay. There we go. Big big Labor Day card on this Monday. On a quarter 11 races they've got the $50,000 Calder Handy cap in the 10th of mile and eighth on the grass. They've got the simultaneous cash to the $200,000 Jerome handy cap. That's a great one race from Belmont. Small field in there. Six horse field is a true with Pad day. Thanks play with Cordero, electric flash, climb the stars with Richard Milliori. I'm influential and de-roach. The Roach. Hmm. So that's what's going on out there. It called or get out there and plunger guts out. There's something for you people to do. There's another mobile and brown right? Hello. And you're here. Okay. You're brought for sure today. And intimidating too, right? Uh-huh. Good. Hey, burnt? Yeah. I think you would have done a third job yourself. Well listen I want I want to go on record everybody know that that's what I wanted. I wanted the bird to do the show like he always does when I go on vacation even though he does get carried away with himself. But that would have been and they had to bring this big shot in and he had to conduct his nationwide search and bring this guy in and all of the people in the building including some of our nerdy sales people running all of this guy that clients love, I mean he's great. You know it's just a other exercise and futility. Yeah. Can I ask you a question now? Yeah. I know I was watching Saturday next game when the dolphins were eagles and I thought don't you or tune young on the sign line without being considered that's the part. Yeah. No, what was going on in the field would be considered. Uh-huh. 1045 in WID. Well I want to make sure he got all his material and we have an open line and brown at five to what I think that flam is coming back my IOD allergy. Oh, all the while I'd have been away didn't have any problems with that. And the first day that I come back that old WID attack is starting to come back again. What are we saving that one rower line just for mobiles is that what they would is today? Oh, how nice. Have a mobile line. Oh, that's good. Okay. Let's take one from Margie. Hello. Hi. Hi. Yeah. It's Scott first time calling. How you doing Scott? Okay. Well I'm trying to tell you his show was the best when it was on because when that other guy was on Bennett. Tony Bennett. Yeah. He was make a funny in a show. He was rude the first time calling. He was making fun of my show. You know, the first thing that impressed me when I got in my car the year for it on Thursday. I listened to him for 15 minutes and I said, where is my show? You know what I mean? In other words, he comes in here and maybe it wasn't his fault because maybe the powers that be didn't give many idea what the show is all about. Although I doubt that, you know, and I thought to myself, what he's doing has about as much relationship to my show, it would be like Joey Reynolds going on channel 10 doing some stupid showers. They just didn't fit in with that in Bishop. You know what I mean? Yeah. You would probably have been better rating if you had just playing the best of. There you go. Well, that's not going to carry it away. I'm going to tell you, I'm glad you mentioned that too because I heard some of that going to the, not going to the track going to the store, I guess, on Saturday. And the way Nick puts that thing together, I wouldn't wish that on anybody. I wouldn't wish it on it's weird. It's a Charlie Meadows. Oh, jumps. Yeah, like jumps all over the place and put together real crappy and it sounds like hell. Other than that, it's very interesting. Well, listen, thanks for the memories, pal. Yeah, you're the best and we really missed you last week. Well, that's not going to carry it away. Okay, life goes on. See you. Wow, what a buck is 1047 and double. Now, he's a good guy, Scott. It was his first call. We don't want to make him all paranoid and defensive, but next time don't buck his quite so much. Okay, 1052, W.I.D. So anyway, I don't think I mentioned on the ear that I was killing mosquitoes two nights ago and I was up on a chair and I took a tumble and I usually don't do that, even though I'm a big clumsy clutch. I usually don't do that. I never do that, but in this case, the chair was just not designed for this big fat blob to be standing on it. And I took this tremendous tumble and I jammed this finger, the one next to the middle finger. This one here, badly jammed it. I mean, it hurts so bad and it's so sore. It's a little better now than it was. But it, and then I'm at Calorie yesterday and he's peep. Now, they have no way of knowing. They mean well, but people who just want to come and, most people just come into a high high, you're doing that's great. But there were a couple of these guys that just had to shake my hand. Okay. And when you have something that just happened like that, you don't think about it, you know? And they, they both shook my hand as hard as it's fit like they were trying to squeeze blood out of it. And I'm going to tell you, when the second guy shook my hand, I thought I was just going to go through the ceiling. I mean, the pain was, in fact, the pain is still great. As long as I don't move it or touch it, it's all right. But boy, you touched that thing. It's his sore hemorrhage, bad day. Now, that's your cart hand, isn't it? Is that the hand he used to put the carts in the machine? No, no. Okay. 1053 at WIOD, Miami. Hello. Welcome back, Neil. Yes, easy for you to say. After last week's show, I think it's you by three hours. It's by and well, that's finger. He just came to me now. It wasn't even hurting. Well, I started talking about it, you know? I heard. Listen, let me just tell you something. When you're in this business, you don't buy a house. Okay? Because this business is full of insecure paranoid petty little people who haven't got any idea of what's going on. It is. It is. And especially this building. They have no more clue what's going on than the man in the moon. And if you don't believe me, tune in the smeg green show next Sunday. Great. Listen, bird. I didn't want to video store and I got that. That strange on a train. Uh huh. There's 20 minutes of tennis in it. Why? Oh, well, that has nothing to do with it. What is that? Tramping the Roger just brought in. Don't let me, uh, I think to do with it. Yeah, there just have to be tennis in it. That's cute. That's not why I told you to rent the movie. Oh, can I see that a second? Who is it? That's Dave Bitter, not to be a cheese. This Puts Dave Barry is on a front of traffic magazine and he's balancing a basketball on his middle finger isn't that cute. Well, sentiment is the same here, Dave. Yeah, but didn't you like the movie? Yeah, I thought it was a good idea. I hope you enjoyed that. Well, we'll be saying strangers on a train. Never saw it. It's in the Hitchcock movie from the 50s. Oh, then I must have seen it. Back away. It's 20 minutes of tennis in it. That has nothing to do with it. Well, and you should see what is that movie Peter Proud? What was the name of that movie? reincarnation. reincarnation Peter Proud would Michael Sarasin and what's your name from the summer of 42? Yeah, uh, Jean Jane. Jane Curtin. No, no. From the summer of 42, my god. What is wrong with you? You're supposed to know about movies. What is her name? Jean. I can see her. She has dark hair. No, she doesn't have dark hair at all. Oh, then you're talking about somebody else. Don't you remember, Hermy Gary Grimeson is somewhere 42 with Jane Jane Jane Curtin. No, she's stapled. Oh, and I need to change. I need to tell birds is one more thing, Neil. Yeah. That I read Richard called. Called who you? Called the show. Called the, oh yeah, yeah, you mean we know about that. When it was gone, oh yeah, we got the card here just to make sure he never forgets the voice. Okay, any on Adam material. Okay. Have a great day. You were sensational call. Thank. 1055 at Wiod. The reason he was a sensational call is I never would have thought of this card. If he wouldn't have reminded me, and of course you'd have been very depressed. We got to the whole show without it really is Irene Richards. Oh, god. How I'm getting the same. Her name was Jennifer O'Neill. Yeah, that's it. See, Roger had the Jennifer on there and I came up with the O'Neill. Jennifer O'Neill. Neil should be very hard for me to remember. Did you Jennifer O'Neill? No, she doesn't have done it. Her she's got the Aberunetic. Yeah, that's the kind of who's that on the bat line. Oh, geez, Mr. Saltman's on the bat line. Hi, Neil, welcome home. Yes, sir. And that was Jennifer O'Neill and I think you just got it. I think we just got that. Yeah, just ahead of you and I had, uh, well, what about that winged fury in the 11th race yesterday? Well, you know, I, you know, what kind of a horse was that? I didn't think she won. I didn't think she did. He did. Well, I'll tell you this much. I had the horses that were second, third and fourth box to the trifecta and here comes this pig, this disgusting, uh, from nowhere with Eduardo Núñez. You know, I kept looking in the form of that horse. I wanted a bet at night. I kept looking and I couldn't find a reason in a million to bet that horse. Well, there are a couple horses yesterday like that. Yeah, like leave it be. Oh, I'll tell you one thing that Jorge Duarte, he could get lost in a mat race. How Judi's red shoe, she beat one horse. Yeah, it was a strange kind of race, you know, it's hindsight. Yeah, hindsight is the word for it. Yeah, but you know me, I don't cry. I mean, I went out there made a little contribution at a good time. I had a $5 double. I had the couple. I had a trifecta, a couple of perfectas and I still lost. So I had a real good day. Wow, that's the shame if you had that many things. No, no, I don't, I don't go out there to win. I go on there. Luzer left my $5 double to Valley parking people and that was it. Well, I just wanted to say the Valley parking kids. I said the Valley parking people because I don't want to get jackups set. Well, Glamble verified that I passed the show last week. That's correct. And it wasn't very racing intensive anyway. No, somebody told me the guy said he hates racing. Does anybody said he's wanting to hear about where all sports in general? Any sport and do nothing about racing? Well, how about those cubs in Osmett's bill? Oh, listen, I'm getting sick. A Darrell Ferrell strawberry is playing like he's on another planet. Well, he's got a good point, boy, that those other guys in that team would stop a loafing. They'd be in good shape. You know, he's in what about 227? Not only is he not hitting well, but he's with Thorgic in the field. Yeah, he's been on going the back of three rallies last week and with terrible bass running. But I especially like the play of one Sam Well and Center Field, he's really doing it. He's got a new way of catching the ball. He crouches down, loses the ball and the sun and hopes that it'll hit him and land out of your shoulder. Phil, I saw you. I saw you on TV last week, Phil. Uh, yeah, you mean on the sunshine at workshop? Horses to watch or something. Yeah, I do a little feature. Phil has a little feature on the show. I'll be there. They have him on camera. Oh, God, not am I said, it won't come in. I don't want to be on camera, but that's just part of the thing that they do. Well, we did come up to see yesterday, but you know why, and just one of those to. I understand it's no problem. We don't want to get all those tips from Bob Harnish up there. By the way, you know, getting back to a bass play, you know, that everything is going to boil down to the games that they play between themselves. Well, that's the rest of the month and the National League, all the prize within the divisions are playing each of them. So no more of this lose every day and hope everybody else loses to it can't happen. That's right. It's going to be telling the team that gets hot September's going to win it all. Well, anyone of those 14. It won't be us. You can be sure that all come on. Have a little face. I have to have face in the met. That cup pitching man. I'm telling you, just incredible. Well, the methods both have great pitching and they can't get anybody out. Although we do have pickle and kylgus backs. So I look out. Okay. Talk to you later, Phil. Okay, pal. Thanks. Okay. There he is, ladies and gentlemen. Phil Saltzman from high up top to stands at Colbert Race Course where they got a big holiday card out there. So get out and just take thousands and have a wonderful time. Take your transistor radio and you can listen to the show and just have a ball. Right? What a great day. Shane Thomas has got the 11 o'clock Wiod news and we'll come back at 11.05 with another hour of this. Lodge probably coming into big 11 o'clock hour. So stay tuned for that. On a date, I think first seven on 117 about what have been hard to go through hours without one or two. Yeah. No question about that. 25 past one at Wiod. It opened like, well, no, there's no open lines. You're off flashing the bat line is flashing. Every line is flashing frantically. Good lord. But Nick, well, Nick, what's Rich doing in there? What is he doing? Rich is answering the phones? He's going to sit on that chair and it'll never be the same again. I'll be there. Oakland Park. You're not an Oakland Park, are you? No, I'm uh, you're on a mobile. The correct. Well, I did. So good thing I punched you up. Nick is left us. He's deserted us. I just I had called earlier, but I'm on one of these quality car phones. Yeah, you know what? I was spent all that money. See, senior. I don't blame you. So what's going on? Well, life is miserable. Just came back from fishing in West Palm. Spin six hours doing absolutely nothing. I'll watch you my brother. I'll make a fool of himself. Look at that. May I just tie it up? Chang five games a piece of the first set in this exciting. I think we should go out and get him a driver's license. Yeah, I would think so. Who Chang? Yeah. So what's going on? Not too much. Chang is doing his Bible reading lessons. I guess, but he'll be all right. Well, I'm off for the tracks. Are you really? Well, you're a little bit late. Yeah, I know, but well, that's good though. You'll miss the double. That's a good thing. You never want to get there for the home. I hit the double yesterday. Had a $5 double and it was a good start. Of course, I gave it all back to him. But it was a good way to start. So we is. I'm in my exit. Talk you later. Okay. Good luck to you. Bye. Bye. 127 at WID. That guy I'll make. He might make the second race. Yeah, sure he will. If he's at the Miramar exit, that's right. No question. Just running there. I like doing that. Like running into any race track. Like five minutes before post time. The grab of racing form and a program and you just start you start looking at the tote board and looking down in that racing form and a lot of pressure, a lot of pressure and you just stand, you know, and you always lose that way. But it's a lot of fun. Yeah, I found out a great thing when I was out. This finger is just ready to fall off. I'll tell you. Last time I was out there. If you go up to the press box, I don't go. We're not. I'm not going to the press box. You never did. No, I didn't. Like twice. They have a betting window right there. Yeah, that's correct. And by the way, did you know that it's illegal for employees of the tractor bet? What? Yes. Well, not sad. Not sad. It's illegal for employees of any paramutual association to gamble. That's crazy. Well, somebody have been dragged showed me the memo yesterday. It's illegal. Okay. On the races you're talking about. Yeah. I did not know that. That's a shocker to me. And it really screwed things up because while he's suspended, he rose was going to get a job as a teller and a track. And they said, no way Jose. Okay. Okay, here's let's see. Open park this. What's the question, Bill? And all this said, I don't know. What kind of material are you going to steal for your show today? Wow. It was, uh, you're, and he never referred to him by name. But we all know who was it him? It was he. Oh my god. Calling caller. I'll be damned. And he tried to win a prize. Yeah, I believe that. Well, he needs it. Yeah. I think the second prize was material. Yeah. You need it. Just want to give you that little fiery point. Well, that's good because people are talking about lead too much anymore. So it's good. You keep his name. Look at that may answer. Had five one in the second set. Aren't you excited? I hate to know that. But so does most everybody else. But I'm trying to humor somebody in the studio. Oh, have a great holiday. You can do it. Bye, dude. What is that? Was it a little note there? Let me see what that says now. It's a clandestine note from Fat Rich just before the show ends. Let's see. He knows all this stuff. Oh, yeah. Well, Chuck Meyer's standing by with yet another Wild newscast. I'm going to go downstairs and check out the mail and the plants down there and see what's going on downstairs. And then we'll come back on the Steve Caneshow briefly at 205 for a little while and we'll see how things are hanging. Right? Mm-hmm. Well, that kind of gets the lay of the land and see it play it by ear. So don't go away. All the grony's gold. We have to find another show to go to the lost as the queen. Okay. What a way to start the Caneshow, right? Two away to Wild. These Steve is in limbo. He's on his way to San Jose or something. Right? Evidently, he's either in town or he got his message. The word is that he's helping his accomplice. I mean, his associates. Oh, no, what he's doing. His evil twin. Adam, Louis. His evil twin. He's helping him move in. But he got his message and he's just up and arms and he's just desperate. And if Steve doesn't show up by 230, he wanted to put on Rush Limbo tapes. Good. Heavens. How should we take a poll on that? I don't know. Wouldn't that be like turning the station into a parking lot? Although I heard a rumor that WLS and Chicago went all talk, you know, that, in fact, the stories I heard did I tell you about this? The Drew Hayes is the program director? Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. Now Drew Hayes is a nice kid, but he's like he's a kid. And when I was at WS News, he was doing overnight son of weekend screaming and yelling at by 330. He'd have, he'd have learned jibis, they'd be certain. I do this screaming and yelling and just a maniac. He's the program director. You know who is doing mid days like from one to four? Yeah. Last of the day. Mm-hmm. And guess who they have in between their morning. I don't know who's doing the morning, but like 10 to one. Rush Limbo. Mm-hmm. I just, I can't believe. I can't believe he's on any station. Much less this one. In fact, he will be on tonight from 8 to 11. That's right. Because there's no Yankee game. The Yankee's are playing this afternoon. Could we punch up the Yankee game? Wouldn't that be exciting? But no, look at that. Chang is making a little comeback. There's two nothing in the third set after Luke getting just blown away in the second set. Oh, there's a Jim Boim, the Syracuse basketball coach. I was hoping that Syracuse would win the last year, you know? He's a strange guy, isn't he? Mm-hmm. Anyway, it's two-tatted. WI- So we're going to kind of hang in and we'll, if you're really upset that they want to put Rush Limbo tapes on calling immediately, are you upset? I'm Roy upset. I believe. I see the sounds from the tennis match on the way. Oh, we could arrange that. We could hook up the audio just from the court, not the microphone, just from the court to the transmitter. That'd be great. Yeah. Is it programming that work give me a break? Isn't it something? Well, listen, I'm only way out. I'm going outside the race track even over the Del Rey line or West Palm Beach, too. But, you know, most of the people don't know about Part G body, I'm with Fulness Edge. I've already heard you on this repeat, Rush.