Great place 11 16 at Wild. And don't forget Steve today has Joel Wella. My pronouncing that correctly. Yes. I wonder if I am. Joel, a cane. No relation to Steve was written a book telling about the bag of tricks that women used to catch them clean them out and toss them away. Like some kind of a used douchebag. And Dr. Irene Lipov will be opposing her and they can drive debate. And then he says she's revolted by Joel's anti-female outlook and would like to stick her with a moundone child. They'll probably some cat fights. Cat fights. Yeah. Probably go out. The three-mural probably be here. It'll be great. Lake Worth. Hello. Hi. Hi Neil. Yes. Guys, I'm a long time listener. Listen, where would it be? I hear. No, it isn't interesting the way you put that. Don't get carried away. He might call back in again. What happened to him? God has asked fire at what happened to you for lack of audience. That's wonderful. That is wonderful. I just had to tell you. I've never called because I'm very, very confident. But I had to tell you, we have another radio station. Other than W.J. and O. Well, we know W.P.B.R. Which if you sit under the tower is almost as powerful as F.P.L. I'm exactly crossing the tower. I only read that we can hear it. But one night I was coming home from work about two months ago. And I think they carry that talk net thing. Yeah. And the announcer says, And now back to talk net with Neil Rogers. Neil Rogers, Neil Myers, all him at Neil Myers. Because right back in real fast, I mean Neil Myers. Wasn't that cute? Well, I didn't want to let it out at the back. But I am going to P.P.R. It's an upward move for me to my career. I'm sorry that they let it slip out. Well, I didn't like what I really do enjoy your show. Well, thanks. I mean, it's a bright spot. It's a breath of fresh air. Is he really going down there? Yeah. He better not be. I'll take that cane as working feverishly to get him in on this station. And if he comes over here, I'm going to work at the inquirers. He is so bad. You know, once I heard him interviewing Patrick Sessions after his daughter was kidnapped. And I almost drove off the road. He actually said to him, well, tell me. Is her mother was upset about this as you are? Oh, gee. Oh, brilliant. I could do a better job. Well, I hope you don't think I'm down there and bought it. You. Well, I'll tell you who else could have done a better job. Have a great day. Thanks, Neil. My junior could have done a better job. Now, the sunset, and he says he's on to the show. Well, if it's in the sun, Sentinel, you know, it's full of crash. Okay. Well, Jacob better get back from LA real quick. There. Viola stays with the twins. You know, big headline. Everybody in the world knows that he was treated the mats. And they got a big headline yesterday morning how the trade didn't come off. Oh, man. It's just so embarrassing. And that radio TV page over the years, the things like the late John Broward. How many times did they get in show? Sir, am I right? Yes, you are. They've had him on like half a dozen times. And last few months. And he's died about a year ago, didn't he? It's not. Oh, talk about tacky. We have an open line in Palm Beach six. And of course, they got the listening for the Allen Courtney Schofer tonight too. Six by five Wiod and Palm Beach were really pushing and pressing. When you were gone, amazingly, even the Palm Beach lines were. Don't fret on. I'm not. I'm not. Joe, well, when you were gone, they were granted the birds of wire. When you were gone, they were granted. Because they wanted to know when I was coming back. My amy, hello. Hey, you're right. Okay. Listen, I have a. Oh, but then he takes. See, it's bad enough that he holds a grudge. And in the interim has been running in and out of here, pretending to be, you know, everybody's best pal and laughing. Ah, GTR, hollock crap. But then to take it out on somebody else who's a great guy down there at Flores, who've been nice to all the people in the building. That's not the way to do it. Right? So he doesn't even know how to be a sour push well. That's his story. 24 past 11 at Wiod. We want to remind you again that those Neil Rogers squeeze bottles, the refillable squeeze bottles are in trust me. As we speak right now, at every one of the seven south floated to char huts. And you're going to love those delicious char cheeses and char burgers and hot dogs and Italian sausage and at virgin white chicken breast. Those great great onion rings. I sure wish they'd get him at the Hollywood location. But wherever you are, near a char hot head for right now, it'd be a great time for a little early lunch. And pick up the Neil Rogers squeeze bottle, a refillable coke or any kind of soda. And then it's just a buck 72, I think. And you're bringing it back between now and Labor Day as many times as you want for half price refills 86 cents. You can't beat that with a stick with Bill Mullins brain. You couldn't beat that, okay? So head for char hot today for an inexpensive delicious meal, especially highly recommend that great Italian sausage boy. It is spicy and out of this world. You'll find char hot in Margate, Oakland Park, Miami, Hollywood, David, Tamarack and sunrise. 27 after 11 at Wiod, it's good enough for early. It's good enough for us. The only thing I regret is I didn't wear any socks to work this morning. I thought I'd been really thinking about her in the so-ch. I would have worked two socks on each foot just for good measure. Because you can never have too many, you know how they disappear. Hollywood, hello. Hey Neil. Yeah, how are you? Great. Good. Boy, it's nice to be going away again this weekend, you know? It sure is. I sure like the way these things work out. You know, speaking of dog days this morning, I woke up these two dogs. We're screaming outside of the debris. Yeah. They were stuck. Ha ha. I threw a little bit. Is that like a windmill carter? Is Bob Harnish on and the morning they talk about stuck horses? Is that kind of the same thing? I don't know. Similar, yeah. I guess. Listen to that. Did you hear the shocking announcement that Steve made while you were gone? Steve? Yeah. No. Steve came here. I got it on tape. Wasn't about Dick Ferrell coming to Wiod was it? No, here it is. It should have been something I would hear from coming from Alice. But Steve said it. Here it is. And he's going to be great. I got to tell him. And if there was anybody that I would want to go down with it would be you. Take your time. Relax. Okay. Here we go. I love it so much. Good. Just take it in. There you go. What? Now he is obsessed with Sandy. That is sad. We did learn that while you were gone. He listened to every day. Oh, God. Well, that's true. He does nothing to these shows. That when you're not. No. So even those helpful tips that we tried to give him. I just kind of like water off a duck's back. It doesn't sink in and it's opposed to me. Who of course listen to all those great helpful hints at his audience. And wrote all of them down. Just tell me what your problem. 1129 at WiodD. We do have one open line. We're pumping these numbers. Practically. Because we want to at least give the appearance that we got an audience out there. Even during these days. What this town is cleaned out like. Oh, this is I forgot the best one of all. I told you I was listening to Sandy yesterday. And they have this thing where they kind of like talking to the news. You know, they sneak the legal ID in there. And they talk into the news person. And they do this very folksy contrived crap. Guess who the sponsor of the four o'clock news on WOLD was yesterday. And I'm not making this up. Melocks. I swear. I'm not making it up. Melocks are between five or one in melocks. Boy, they've got the condo crowd locked up over there. Don't they? They got it. I was laughing so hard. I almost drove off through it. I was driving to my mother's. And I thought boy, this is terrific for where my mother lives. They could have a run on it over there if I can say that. Boy, they got the K-O-Pectate Melocks and the five or one crowd locked up on WOLD. I guess we can't forgive that. We can't. It's 1130 at WOLD. And here's a channel 17 Spireyport. Hello. That's okay. It must have been Don Webb. Appropriate. Well, you know how busy he is. He can't have gone too long. When you're the cast and over of win more, you just don't have time to screw on. Hold too long. So that opens one up in Dave now. And you notice how it's like not, Frank, oh, there it goes. Why wasn't two bad? Wasn't five or six seconds? See, I got spoiled when you were awake. The phones were just sizzling. Do they wear when you were awake too? Yeah, that's not what I heard. A Broward. Hello. Yeah. It's Michael and Broward. Mobile Spireyport aren't Ricky Pickey. Yes, sir. I've used him a new commercial when he's trying to give away that car and a new condescent. No. They show him getting away a bunch of Duncan Donuts, the coffee mug. They hold up a key to a new car. And the key is a Lincoln Continental key. And they're getting away a Chevy Geo. Hmm. If you look at it, it's got the Lincoln crash on it. And it says, you can win this car. Yeah. It's a key to the Lincoln. And I said, that's a TV last night. I said, oh my god, I've got to call me the other morning. Well, you know, just that Ricky Tickey, his credibility. For example, last week, one day, I'm waxing on his show. They were promising to play a whole segment of beetles that it turned out to be the lemon Pipers. They look close. Oh, yeah. So that's Ricky Tickey for you know. He's nervous. He's had a lot of pressure. He's been sold for the 40th time. And you know him. But I can't understand how they can show you a Lincoln key and then offer you a good job. Well, maybe it fits. And well, it's good. You know what they say? If the key fits. They could end. Dugs at it. That's what Steve just said. Yeah. He would say it. What was that all about anyway? Anyway. Have a great life. Thank you. Okay. What a call. On 132 at WOD. A lot of spy reports in the naked city this week boy. And here's an Alice rent tell spy report. Even as we speak. Hello. More in the Ohio bird. You know, I don't know if you know, but you know, I guess around 930 in the morning. Old Debbie comes rolling in literally. Like, well, like a bowling ball. Easy to come in this morning. And he says to her, he introduced her as the most beautiful top show host in the nation. Okay. Then he said to her, you look. What's that? He says that he looks great to the morning. So it's more beautiful in the morning that she does six o'clock at night. Yeah. I believe that. God. Oh, God. Make me. I'll let you go. And of course, if anybody's got great expertise in judging feminine. Paul for two. It's definitely Alice. Oh, it's a little bit. Yeah. Can I call do a white something? Anything that we can put on a year. Do a white, great dickhead. That was good. Okay. Although I wouldn't give that much credit. It's 1132 at WOD. Look at that. As soon as he mentioned Debbie Ellis, couple of lines dropped off and Brown don't give her too much publicity. Now because we're having a hell of a time keeping up. Yeah. 524 WOD and Brown are two open lines in Broward. They're just immediately both. Well, right now. And Boca is open 2789463. Boy, this is, this is tough. This is, I forgot what this was like. Remember some of those Mondays, what it was like this. It wasn't like this. Even those bad days were better than this. Look at that. The Broward lines are just kind of like. Sitting there. And the poker line. They're just not enthusiastic anymore. Okay. They just don't love us like they used to. Do they? I don't know. They hate us like poison to be honest with it. 1133 at WOD. Do you want thing you're going to love are those great, or Tim was starting up again? 1137 at WOD. Couldn't, then anybody else because the other engineers don't hate me. Some of them mildly dislike, but it's only Tim. Anyway, we have an open line. And that's a little insight here. Sharon was telling us a little story about some stuff in the hallway. Yeah, the only engineer who wants to speak to me. Who's that Tim? Oh, he doesn't speak to you either. Well, see you're part of the show. And that's true. He's hearing his guy again at Rickhead Ward's Juvenile Behavior. Anyway, not seriously. You know, I don't really care. But when you work, I've said this before. When you work in a building with people every day, it just just the most simple, the most superficial common sense is that even if you, what, what Nick is saying, no, are there people you don't speak to? There are? Why? Because you hate their guts, right? Yes. He didn't want to say it in fact. He didn't want to say it in fact. But he kind of like, yeah. I don't understand it. I mean, first of all, there aren't that many people in the building I dislike. I'm trying to think, there's only two. And one recently, yeah. We don't want to mention Bill Wise's name. I'm trying to think of there's anybody else. There's nobody else in the building. Very dislike, yeah. Do you? No. Very. Just say. Just one or two. And even even at that. Well, not speak to Bill Wise, but that's more than dislike. That's just common sense when he treats you like garbage and stiffs somebody else because of a problem he's going with us. But the engineering thing boy, just incredible. I mean, it just doesn't, it isn't done. You know, I mean, just put on an act. Just be, I don't know why these people believe they're putting on an act in your life, okay? But where you work every day and you have to encounter the same people every day. It just, like I said, the simplest, most basic common decents, even of course, some people don't have that. No. So he was out there in a hallway, Hock in a trying to, with Scott trying to start trouble again. Like I'm starting the story again. Mm-hmm. The story didn't have to do with Scott. His name was mentioned only because he was involved and it because Bill Wise mentioned it at the table. But boy, I think I like crayons or something out here. They think it worked for Keith Eisley. They're going to try it here now. Because since I've come back today's only Wednesday, I have never seen such juvenile behavior in all my life. It's like they're all regressing into an infantile state. Like Indiana. It's 1139 at W.I.D. We got a mobile phone and store. Let's get to the important stuff and screw all these childish idiots. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, I was just wondering in honor of the mailbox and W.O.L.D. I got a bunch of people that I got wanting to hear that, wasted away again in hell and hell. Yeah. What about you mean like a bunch? Like two? I mean like two, maybe two, maybe two, maybe a couple of bunches. I'll be damned. This is really your request. Is that what you say? No. I wouldn't clear your request. A suggestion. A suggestion. A suggestion. Why do you sound like you're a holiday user? 21. 21. So you're under the age of 100. You're in Stewart? Yeah. What are you doing there? Work in, driving. Working in computers. The pain in the air. So you live there? No. I live down at Fort Lauderdale. You live in Fort Lauderdale. Because I was going to say, if you said you live in Stewart, I would immediately pull a card of the machine. But since you live down here with us and suffer through the daily rigors of life and self-floor, there's no problem at all. Well, thank you, sir. Okay. Anybody in particular were going to dedicate this to. We can do it. Can't like they do on the Mark Denver show on W.O.L.D. Yeah. Yeah, right. Don't get it to Donna. Donna. Well, isn't that nice? Have a wonderful day, pal. Thank you. Don't get lost up there again. Hey, no way. Okay. 20 till noon on W.O.D. And this is for Donna. Hmm. That's 11.48. At W.O.D. I just want to mention this is the break that the McReen promo is going to stand by. Whatever you do. But first, we want to wave about the Armadillo Cafe. And what is she want? How? Sheerola getting push you again. It's 153 a W.O.D. I will say this in a course part of the reason is because we had that accident in Chicago. But here we were surrounded by Marshall Field, Lorden Taylor, Neman Marcus, Bloomingdale's across the street. Every department store that's ever been invented. And she didn't go shopping. What? Oh, come on. Isn't that incredible? I know. That's not part. Goly purposely kept her busy and obviously. Hmm. Okay. We have an open line in Bokep at 278 W.O.D. 2789463. And our topic today is what do you say to the office here when he stops you? Ha ha ha. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, near the home of you today. Great. Where are you? Okay. How are you doing? Pretty good. Well, I'll be damned, isn't this great? Hey, that's a wonderful burden. Getting money left after your trip. Oh, sure. I didn't go crazy. You didn't go crazy. Yeah, he's a big plunge. You probably took 40, 50 bucks out there with me. No, not. Fabulous. Are you going to have a thing and make turns on the program next week? No chance. No. I don't think we're going to do any of that this time. It's only Neil's only begun. Gonna be gone for five days. Five, five, stinkin' days. Five time, it was different. We had all those shows to do, you know. Neil. Hmm. Jeff says he's worried about your diet, man, because, you know, the peach-alar food is just waiting for you. Well, that's great. Tell them we appreciate the sentiment. Hey, I have something for you. Yeah. General managers are asshole. Okay. Well, I'm sure Disney will appreciate that. Have a nice life. Have a nice life. Okay. Great timing on that work. Yeah. Open line in date, 751 WIOD and align still in Boko where we are pleading and begging and cajoling and desperate to get those people in Boko and Del Rey to be part of the program. And they just don't care. Come on. They don't care. Fair, all. Come on. I think that's what subdued them all to be honest with you. They're in shock. Wait a minute. Yeah. I don't know. I don't want to. I mean, that probably is true, but I don't want to. Ah, ah, ah, ah. You missed that call. Two seven eight WIOD. All the other lines you'll let, but I'm focusing on Boko and Del Rey because that's my favorite line. That's the one that really does it for me. I don't know about you. Wait a minute. Seven. See it's a mobile phone on ed line. Hello. Now you know how to got on. Got on right away. How on you think it'll be before Bob laughs and put Chicago into a coma? Well, he's working on it already and he's not even on the area. You go on the air in September. I thought you were going to get to hear when you were over there. I think the first time he says, oh, push. I think that'll do it. And the couple who's like five straight. No, well, let's see September. Yeah, that's the last month of the season. We're going to send instructions to Zimmer to make sure that nobody listens to last siter. Who is the guy on, on Gun to show? There was a guy named Richard Packer on there Sunday night. What's there? What's there? What's there really? What? No. Come on. No. Are you serious? Yeah. Doing what? Talk about the food culture. Any tips there? I'm in the business. I'm in the industry. I told me that was fat rich. Hmm. It wasn't Richard Packer. Come on. You're making this up. Richard Packer. The guy gave his name. Richard Packer. He said his wife just had a baby or something. And then my friend told me he goes, no, that's the guy that was holding up the line at the remote. Yeah. He's put in front of the table for like 20 minutes until the free food showed up. No. That wasn't him. He wasn't at the room. What did he ever do to use? What is the purpose of this call? It wasn't after a month. Is that shot? Is that bad rich? Yeah. Have a nice day, sir. I was thinking on the book a line. We put that guy right on. Confused? What a mistake man. What a giant mistake. I apologize profusely. Sunrise. Hello. Yeah. I knew. But. At the time. Was that a mistake? Last time. Caller. I was thinking. Well, I'll be doing. I got a little material if you have to get a tap of both of your show. You know, boss, when you parked the car. There were all the famous, there was so famous for that. Those are the big things. You go on the restaurant there. They give you a portion. It's exactly 239 B. How do you know that? Because of the gate, you're one more. They're two party. That's cute. That was cute. Yeah. I was thinking. I thought you'd have to think about that for a second. Well, you know, I made these things up. The fellow goes in the bar with a girlfriend. You know, oh, geez. We got a joke, Keller. Look out. It's not really very, it's not for a poem. You know, in the bartender's case, from my doofy store. You know, I have a scotch and water. I see what my douchebag I'll have. Any good thing I have to see. Look at the bartender's father's son's salinity. Just mad. What can I say to you? He says, I don't have vinegar and water. Yeah. If I don't get that anyway. Have a nice life now. That sunrise living man. It does it to everybody. I got one little one. Yeah. Well, listen, hang on to me. Like, when Erie says, hold on to what you got. Okay. We got an open line in Broward. He could be a police officer. You're proud. You're bad. You missed your calling. If you ever stopped Alice Rantel, have the answer immediately. And one in Boca, I don't let's work on Boca. Okay. Or nearly I would ignore them if I had any common sense. But I want to really work on Boca and Del Rey. What's the point of yours? Isn't it? Yeah. It's unusual on this show. Two seven eight. Come on. We're giving it a little too fast. Two seven eight nine four six three. Two seven eight. W.I.D. and if you don't call in on the Boca line, they're going to hire Dick Ferrell. I just got a message from Boca. Boy Gary. Black. Oh, look at that. To ring immediately. Hello. Hello. Yeah. So I saw McGreen on TV. Did you? Yeah. I heard a picture of the pit. The conversation pit with like five or six. The show is the pit. I was just going to mention that. Yeah. And the show looks pretty good. She's a very attractive lady. No question about it, especially for her age. Right. She was gorgeous. Yeah. Oh. She's terrific. Boy, she's no radio show, but she's great. Whatever happened to that incident, where somebody hit her car and the parking lot. So that was your daughter's car. Yeah. I don't know. But now that you mentioned it, that'll be a good topic. This week, it'll give her something to talk about. Okay. Listen, have a great life. I'm tickled to that. You called from Boca because they just hit us up there. Okay. Oh, we love you. Thanks a lot. Okay. Easy for him to say. Okay. Chuck Meyer standing by. Of course, we remember Chuck had Peter Clay that he showed last week, but we forgive him anyway. Chuck's got the new news. And look at that. Just as we mentioned all those nice things about Mc. She showed up in the studio. Isn't that nice? And we'll come back and don't forget Steve this afternoon with a show that's just a new one. Did you just need to talk about it? It's the water to two hours. Coming to a theater near you. So cops. One young one. One. One black one. One on the up and up. One day. One alive. Two cops. One. One straight. One aloof. The other hand. A piscope. One on a hike. A lester all the. One of some of my vegetarian. One with an attitude. One hired in a mortal dilemma. Two. One of them. One of them. One are red one of blinds. One thin. One fight with four and six with one. One a swath one a fashion blind. One kind to his mind never calls. Two cops. Sorry. That's funny guy from TV. And a character actor. Been around forever. And I can never remember anything. Two. Kind of the same kinds of people who brought you steak out. Steady. Ready. 20. Scat. We got streets of San Francisco. Get that picture. Two cops. Like every when you ever know. And his brother. Two cops. I remember a variety of titles. And every other theater in town. It's summer. People are selling drugs. You're right. Any are scolab. You just can't help. 11 of his buddies. You know. Two cops. They left Alice's favorite part of their one big and one small. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Good night. I didn't hear it. I'm sorry you missed that. Oh boy. 107 a W.I.O.D. The home of Happy Days. And lots of juvenile behavior. This is where it's at ladies and gentlemen. In fact, maybe you'd like to send us a W.I.D. sandbox. And we could put it out in the hallway. Okay. And every now and then. Some of the people in the building. Or guilty of juvenile behavior. Kind of like tippedo through it. You know. And bring their little pale and shovel. They're a little spoon. That's good. Anyway, boy. It's a big one. Two hour. We got all these lines. Let up here. It's a very unlike. I think I'm like. Are you but are used to layer by the way? Is that me? You. Yeah. Pointing bitch. Oh, you're in boint and beach. No. I thought the guy from England was on there. But since you were kind enough to say boint and beach. And not pretend to be the guy from England. We'll get ready right away. I mean, we'll put you on. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's wonderful. For the reason I'm coming. Don't you feel better about that? I mean, you wouldn't have. Isn't this better the waiting for seven other boring callers? Yeah. I'm pretty far. I'm about this. Well, we've Gordon on the way. Someone was where he started. It was D colocar dedi screaming in the double J infect일� able secured herわlor 13 Zoom and radius no one go, But guys have a lot of time and it's going to come up with the trick. The moment. Right away. Destroy theév encuentret, Shovel obs Scholars Local Regal.مكن J Bug helping Graywezi throughout the day Those papers take place at the grasspies weekends. No, it's yani, sensors passing, exactly let's go. So what did you think? Wait a minute. That's an absurd way. Calm down a minute. OK, it's. We got plenty of time here. You're not like in a race. OK. Now, what did you think of the Dick Ferrell show on W.J. and O? Not too much. I didn't really listen to that much. Well, neither did anybody else. That's why you got fired. It's right. And Steve is trying to inflict him upon us here and boy, that better not happen. I'll say that. OK. I'm behind you on that one. OK. But how is this the reason I'm calling is I was listening to him in the morning because I was trying to check cold singing. Yeah. And you guys seem to have some music on there at the morning. They've found about cheesecake and we're the other one that's one. Put the pussy in the well. We'll see you in the well. Yeah. I know that. Let's use the entire title. So let's not start. Ah, heart of it selectively, OK. I just wonder why you played this thing. That's what frustrates me about Jack Cole. I was trying to find something new and refreshing. And now I hear about pussy in the well. And the cheesecake. Well, what do you talk about cheesecake? Yeah, I don't know that one. What the hell is that one? I don't know that one. I think I'm going to give me a bucket of fun with cheesecake in it. No, that was wasting away in hell on there. So you know cheesecake. And I put you on first. No, I turn Jack Cole back on. OK. I'll get out of here and don't ever call this show again. Like me. Just tell me what your problem is. OK. So we got an open line in Palm Beach. 655 WIO. That's a new world. OK. By the way, what's that? Oh, it's a classic. It's growing on the ice. Great. First few times. So that guy doesn't like all the little songs. I'll let him try to get away from it. OK. Three out to the ball there. Take. Three out to the ball. Why me? The beer and drink. Right. Perfect. I don't care. Fire. Fire. We're going to the ball, we're going to the ball. If rain will bring into shame. From. Two. Three. And the old ball. OK. Now that didn't do it. If that didn't, you're ready to have nothing ever with. OK. I knew right. Go away, pal. OK. You're another one of those Palm Beach people who thinks that there's really stuff going on up there. And I've got for second place. place. This place is bad enough, okay? This is a bush league. It's a tropical deep pression is what it is down here. But Palm Beach is like, it's not even like little league. It's like sandline, okay? It's like the little list of the little leagues. His Alice would say the tiny, you say, the smallest of the small. So just bug off and don't start calling here and tell us how to run the show, okay? Anyway, we have these great dolphins skates. We'll send out for get a WID. It's not just a game. It's an obsession. I'm just in trouble. And you think we got a lot of dolphin promo is now just way to couple of weeks. Men to be on like every other second every in the middle of phone calls. We're going to be having Rick Weaver singing. What do we do with that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. This will get that guy upset. I'm Rick Weaver voice of the dolphins. And today I'm also the voice of a generation. But anyway, if you want to pick up your dolphin schedule, a sooner later, we're going to tell them where they are. Of course, they're all downstairs. Now, waiting to be distributed by the WID account executives to sponsor. So I wouldn't hold my breath. But the thing that I noticed right away is they've distorted. It's like a tactic from not slanting. Donna Mills, you know, or they shoot her through linoleum. That's what? In fact, one show, they shot her through some men. It was incredible. But anyway, weaver and Goldberg, who's side by side, the pictures like all distorted on the schedule. You know, I write my exaggerating or my being on it. Other colors. And this is not by accident. Okay. We don't want you to see what they look like. It's the same reason that we're on radio. And we try to lay low. I mean, these guys, the colors like spirit. Yeah. It's like somebody smeared the whole picture before they put it on here. I didn't know Rick Weaver was award-winning. Oh, it says award-winning broadcaster Rick. Are you going to start ripping him now? I did. I'll see. And you can do it during the off year when you like just comes into his paycheck. Is it football season? It's getting pretty damn close. It's been able to hear from Rick. Well, I should be able to tell by the weather outside. Should it's exactly? It's only not. Yeah, I should have jogged it. I'm not sure immediately go out and start thinking of shoulder pads and stuff. It's like August. Yeah. Especially when you go to South Beach and see the Howcidum with your 80 pounds of clothing crossing Collins Avenue. Anyway, it's 113 at W. I.O.D. I think we're going to do just a little bit of a break in the good news is here. We got an EBS test. This is a test. Hey, that's life. Where'd you get that sense of your amplifier? I got it. Terrios stopped Jagger. I've been in only class 99. 99. 99. What a deal. For the amplifier and a tuner. I also got an anti-tag record clock and 2HLH proud squad your quadrice print 2000 speakers and doing all those. Come back. Holy 99. I must be some sort of nanda. But I haven't gone down the series of stuff and got went already. I got to play us some money. Got to head off there sometimes. If you've got your head up your ass about stereo, it's come to stereo. It's such. Okay, here's the broken shopping mall. What's 16 at W.I.O.D. Boy, we're in a home stretch. This is great. I feel like Bob Savage. Did you? Oh, we have an open open open line. It's just a joke Bob. Don't start getting hyper and intense. Okay, you're just a very emotional guy. We have an open line in Broward. 5-2-4-W-I-D. Haven't spoken to Phil Salzman in a while, huh? And they're racing today. They are racing. We aren't picking out for a while. We're just, you can start picking next week. Okay. What I'm not here. No, I don't know. I'll wait for you to come back. And I even heard Bill Calder on the show this morning saying that he wasn't going out there this weekend because I'm not going to be here. Isn't that great? Well, it's just not the same. When he, I go out there together, there's a certain chemistry because I can cross out all the horses that he picks and I pick. And it's a big advantage, you know. Well, I'm sure he can be nice and nice and money saved. So we can. I'm sure you're not going to pick today. I'm going to go with snowy and sunny in the fifth race with Mike Gonzalez. No, I'll tell you what I'm going to pick. We got to tip the other day. I don't know what they'll. I was member Gonzalez in the eighth upbeat girl. It's on the grass. Fillies and mirrors. A mile on the grass. So unless we have like a pigeon flies over, they will race on the grass. And that's the seven horse in the eighth race. What is it? Upbeat girl. Or is it beat up girl? Pump and oh Bob is on for a wide OI B. Rachuk. Because we don't want to talk to you Bob. Why, what did I have it go to you? 170 W. Do your chronic don't you understand? Your chronic you're an incredible pain in the edge. You call every show and in the market over and over to the point of obnoxious. That was a good call. Wasn't it? Well, Bob, let me say this to you. If we can keep them all at sure you call every day. It was good. Yeah. I like that. Put him on every day if we can keep it that brief. Okay. That's kind of like Mr. Trimmer's call. You're just the ponderous man just over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. Get the point of just being disgusting. Once you get your own show like on F. D. L. Everybody else. Pop an O. Hello. Hi. Hi. Is this Neil Rachuk? It sure is. Hi. This is no read calling from Pop an O and I was wondering if you could tell me that White Castle hamburger and 50 times talked about all the time. Royal chance. Oh, it's Royal capital. There are no white castles and flora. Oh, this is Florida, man. Is it just like the White Castle? Exactly the same only better. Is it really? They're great. They're phenomenal. Where's it located? It's on the bit. It's on North West 7th to have it on 125th Street in North Miami. It's right off on 95. Okay. They sound like a farway for you from Pop an O but you just come down 95, 120 fifth street and you make a right and it's like one like a half a block. Uh-huh. Right there on the corner, steering in the face and they make them all fresh. They don't have them like in those little steam things. You know, getting mung and a good make them fresh right there in the spot. Oh, great. Go down tonight. Great. They're open 24 hours a day. One day. Seven days a week. Okay. 365 days a year. Okay. Let me know how you're like. Thanks a lot. Bye. How do you like that? She's driving all the way from Pop an O. Incredible. And I believe it because boy, when you get in the mood for those little castle burning like this, there's just nothing in the world does it for quite like. Yeah, I was thinking like next time you're down this way, you know, but now she's going to night. It's going to special. That's great. That's really amazing. You know what I was doing these times? Yeah, you get obsessed. And we want to thank Wayne again because he came in yesterday and really really helped us through a rough time. Sure did. He did. Yeah. No, I mean, the food was great as always, but we were well, we were just getting kind of juvenile, I guess. Here's a call in West Palm Beach, shallow. Yeah. The old lady from Pembert, Pond. Well, how you been? All right. Isn't this great? Oh, sure. I know you're thrilled. Well, my shouldn't I be. I mean, just because we did that one show that time and it was a bomb, you can't have it. Was it? But I think I have one that you like now. It wasn't your fault. Wait a minute. We have a message here. Bob from Pompano says, that. Oh, this ought to be really good. Yeah, this should be great. That call call. Caller. Okay. Well, caller was bogus. It wasn't him. Oh, that's all right. Same difference. Nobody'll ever know the difference. In fact, if anybody in the audience wants to do a public service for the rest of the listening audience, all they have to do is call every day and pretend to be Bob from Pompano. We'll have you on for like three seconds, land the phone down and that'll take care of him or be dead. Excellent. Go ahead. I'm sorry. You just mentioned the house. I have a very cute story. I think go to appreciate it. Sure. By the way, Steve isn't the other room at rabbi. You had on yesterday. I'd like to take him and just strangle him and throttle him. What he did during that spot that toilet spot. It was it was horrendous. Somebody ought to be ought to bring the oil back for another brist. Let's see if the mic goes. He's talking to Steve is coming in now. Yeah. See if the mic works. Please. Don't stop. Hello. Go right on ahead. Don't stop talking. You're talking to me? Yeah, of course. Oh. Two little kids were walking on the street and they see a couple of men with long coats and big hats on the curls. One kids says to the other. What you call that? He says, what? Those men with a long coat of funny hat to curl. He's a bossy. He's a bossy. He's a bossy. He's a coob. What are they? That's really a week but it was cute. Me too. Yeah. Mildly. Maudily. Maudily. Well, naturally. Yeah. I say gangbusters for later. Well, that's great. No gangbusters is on a Craig Warding show. That's Craig's line. They well. Okay. Nice hearing from. That's not being again. Okay. He's a friend of yours and you allow your friends to come in and rip our best account. Those wonderful folks who've been so nice to us at Toyota of Hollywood or we do all these personal appearances and they love us. The pieces and he makes this disgusting obnoxious. horrendous crap about some boycott that nobody knows your cares about. Who cares? Tell them to quit. Munking around with his spots. You're going to strangle him with his mizzosa. So what about he said he wanted to get rid of it? He said he's going to sell it like for the to the highest bidderies for like about 100,000. There was no good part. Tell him. I said why do you like Toyota? It's a great car. Yeah. I said, you know, you drive. I have a message for Rabbi Winyars. Okay. Cox a hoist. That's my message. Yes. Dick Farrell is the worst. The worst. We don't want him here at Wiodale. Okay. We don't let him work his way up to the bigs. Let him go to Stuart. Get a job there and start going into training. We don't need right way. Rough around the edges. He's a right winger who just bomb. No. It's got nothing to do with disagree. But he's a right winger and they all bomb. I want somebody who's going to have numbers. Okay. I want somebody's going to do when he bombed even PBR beat him. Okay. Okay. He's working at PBR, block and graduations at a great place for you. Dick, did you hear his call? He called in. It was great for about 40 seconds. Terrible. Well, see there you go again. Okay. He's no, well, maybe we'll take a poll. Okay. I'm Bill Calderon, the Dick Farrell one day. Of course, that'll be difficult because almost nobody ever heard of this. There was a problem. Yeah. Who knows what evil lurks are now. Well, listen, we can get him on and make green together on the same show. Well, I'm glad you're in here because I got melting pot coming up right now and I heard you're the grapevine that you've been saying that the melting pot are the imitators, which I find fabulous. I'm just incredibly interesting because the guy who started your place, which I don't want to mention on the year. But the guy who started your place used to be a waiter at the melting pot in Tallahassee. That's how he started with Fondu as a waiter. And then as he worked there, he decided, hey, look at this, they're making all this money and they're doing great. Why don't I just go start my own place? And he started with the one and they always got a couple of rip off places. There's just cheap imitations of the melting pot. Oh, but you know, it's how he kind of glosses over that. And if you're having trouble hearing Steve, he's a little soft-poken. No, he didn't say, because my open, it's open. It is, isn't it? Okay. Any stole it? Any ripped it off? Any ripped it off? What? That's your line, okay? You can ask me anything. No, you know why? Because they tried it first before your guy put it on a menu. They tried it. And they just didn't feel that it was up to like the Vio 2, which is like all knots in that place that you ever had. It's like not slanting. They tried it. And they didn't. Yes, there's my favorite once in boy. It was a real experience. It didn't play with that. Yes, it's a matter of fact it was like not slanting without the landed. It's just all washes. Anyway, you want the real good fondue. If you got any taste, you know, Steve is one of these guys. It tries to be generous to these folks and help them out. But the melting pot started fondue in his town. They made it famous. They make it better than anybody. They got the secret recipes that Greg couldn't steal right and believe me. It's just phenomenal. From the cheese appetizers, the great chef salad to the summer sizzler special where you get a little bit of everything. There's no lobster or meal because it's from hunger is fondue. But they do have a no-free dessert because nobody has to give away freebies at the melting pot. A combination of filet, manion, shrimp, teriyaki, surloin, and breast of chicken all in one great entree. The summer sizzler special and save room for those great desserts in a good part of it is when you get the white amberado dessert, no nuts in the dessert. You know, because they don't melt the nestle chocolate bars with the nuts and they like they do at certain other places. No nuts in my fondue. Even Alice said that on a show this one. So you head for one of the three melting pot restaurants tonight or any night seven nights away. That's what he told the officer and he wrote him a second ticket. South Miami, 9835 sunset drive, Norrth Miami Beach at 31343, North East Edward 63, and of course the notorious melting pot of coral springs just east of West Sample Road. Don't forget the WL show, I guess that's over now, it's brought you today by Fiber one. No, that's the sandy Peyton news is mailbox and then of course they have a little a kale pectate for the Alice Redtouch over the morning. In fact, that's the new slogan on a redtouch show. It's in the bag. Isn't he soft-spoken? Owl was talking about police officers penis size. That's the rumor. I don't know that well, he's just that if they have a small penis, they're not, you know, they're very sensitive about it. They're not in a good mood when they pull you over, you know. Yeah, and particularly motorcycle cops, he says. Particularly motorcycle cops, yeah. Wow. No, he says he should ask, but they ask you for your license, you should ask them. Yeah, that would always, that would be my first instinct just to ask that question, you know, I said, well, I heard this this morning driving to work Steve. I swear I was on the Domain Express, I'll probably never forget where I was. Listen to this. Yeah, and a rumor also has did you hear the part because you told me he spoke to Jeff Charles. Yes, he spoke to Jeff Charles. We came into this and discovered a whole new format. Providence, Rhode Island and Jeff, you sure wasn't Providence town? That's what he originally said. And Charlie Meadows, Meadows. Meadows. Yeah, isn't his name Meadows? That's not Charlie Meadows. Anyway, Jeff, Charles says he's on three to six up there and he's discovered this revolutionary new talk radio format. No guests, they just go on and just talk and just have a good time, you know. I don't know where they, he have Charles ever got the idea for that, but that's we said and they were, they were green. The guests are terminal often, they have little to say. Well, this was a green. Oh, absolutely. So that's why he dumped the guy. That's why he likes being all the more. The theme of consciousness. I think on the morning side kicks. No question about it. Make no mistake about it. Yeah, I don't know where he got the idea. Yeah. And a sense of humor, which obviously he's gone. Well, the stuff about the cops, I thought was a steric. Well, anyway, and I like those little two minute calls that he makes, because yesterday called me a swarray, that he called, but who is some of the other big celebrities? Dr. Jerry Williams, which is unusual. Very unusual. It's only like every other day that he's a Jerry kind of like his but exactly calls out. Yeah. Yeah, it's a new format. They might try to deftl. Maybe if the L could start like a new format called, don't call us. We'll call you. I could just go through the phone book. Yeah, it's something to think about. Exactly. Well, we're very issue oriented on this show. And I want to say, so what do you think of the metro rail? The metro rail? It's just a joke. It's pretty dope. The metro rail too is just a joke. I want to say just maintain who? Just maintain. Steve Kane, are you going to rip him now? I don't know. Wait a minute, let me unplug the mic again. I know it's a man for whatever sounds so stupid that he couldn't empty water from a kid. It's the dressing from the bottom. Wow. Wow. You know something he's just in heaven now. In fact, he wants you to call on his show so badly. He said he would just love to have a little one on one with you. Uh, that's no, I don't know if he's even up to my level. I'm 17. Really? Yeah. Wait a minute, he's typing a message here on your screen. It's probably going to be hospital. It says, she doesn't have the balls. Well, I'm sure that. I'm going to call it in another word. She says you don't have the guts to call it one on one in face to face. What kind of show? Now, wait a minute, are you making all these comments about it? You've heard your show haven't you? I see. I know from what I've heard from other people who live in terms. Yeah. And from, well, I know when she but that's not fair. Okay. I mean, if you're only hearing it's second hand. What? I'll listen to them. Oh, see now. Try that. No, no, don't you realize you're hearing it's second hand for other people who listen and you're making all these accusations. I mean, what you said probably is true. But, no, seriously, that's a terrible thing to do. It's a bad habit to get into this. Take it. Now, you just got through complimenting me for not going through all a BS and, you know, telling it like it is, you've got to make your judgments based on what you hear in what you feel. Not what somebody's come up with. Jack has tells you, right? Because your friends probably are bow those two from time to time, right? Okay. Definitely. See, there you go. So, you listen today. You're going to promise me? I promise. And I want you to call me tomorrow. And then you give us your own personal honest opinion. And then you can call Steve tomorrow too if you're not, you know, paranoid. Okay. Promise? I promise. Talk to you tomorrow. Bye. Okay. So, you know, we got you new listeners. She's 17. Great demographic. She sounds like, you know, she's bubbly and effervescent. And she's going to listen to herself. See, it just becomes fashionable to say those things that like Steve is some kind of a monghead douche bag. If you say it and you mean it from personal experience, then it has some significance. But just to say it because it's the popular thing to say that's that's going along with the crowd. Okay. I just can't find it. Dear field. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I was flying into the hotel yesterday. Oh, how do you press it while I guess how uplifting to be flying in from Newark? Yeah, right. But I had to lay over in Atlanta. Mm-hmm. And I, with listen to my radio, I was sitting around in airport. And I got into conversation with some guy at the airport. He said he heard you was transferring up there. Any truth? No, there's no truth to it. And I don't know whether this call is for real or whether this is one of those provocative calls that somebody has set you up to make. But we have a jackass who started rumors in Atlanta yesterday that it was coming up there and that the world was going to come to it and I'm this terrible prescoided WSP. How what? What are the chances you think of Michael and the work in Atlanta sir? Yeah, I didn't think it made much sense. No, listen to you for a couple of years now. Yeah. You know, I can't get in the antenna big enough to pick up station in Atlanta. So I'd have to follow you up there. There you go. Why I got news for it? They gave me a list of 100 cities to go to. That would be one of the last five. Yeah, here's that. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Have a great life sir. Oh, we're back to that again, huh? One 36 in WIOD. We have an open line in Broward at 524WIOD, 5249463. She said when somebody says, well, I've heard rumors as this individual who was up there yesterday did. There were no rumors. He's the one that started that now. Okay. Just to be provocative and to be a herand more harassment and just to create more problems. And of course, time and time again, it just backfires because he's not fooling anybody. Okay. But like I said, if you wait long enough, 40 or 50 years, the wheels of justice in this country will see that everything is straightened out. Have no fear. Right now speaking of that, speaking of the wheels of justice, if your car is stolen, you want to sit around waiting for the insurance company to settle. You want to sit around waiting forever to see if they're ever going to find your car because nine out of ninety-nine out of a hundred, they're not going to find it on less. You have that low jack in your car. Okay. This is an incredible device. We've seen it demonstrated personally. I think most of us here at the station have had a chance to go with the folks from low jack and they've taken us out and hidden one of the cars and then they show us how the thing actually works. And here's how it does work. They hide that little tiny transmitter, a radio transmitter and your car truck and if your car is stolen, all you do is call the police immediately and they automatically activate that transmitter and they have a device that tracks it and they can just home in on it in a matter of minutes, the average time is about a half an hour. They can find that car while it's still in one piece while it's still worth getting back. So it's offload of being number one in auto theft in the entire country. It just makes sense to protect a big investment by having low jack. And hydrojack isn't expensive. It's guaranteed. An installation by bonded technicians can be done quickly at your home or office. And when you talk to him, be sure and ask about that 25% discount on your comprehensive insurance when you have low jack. Call him today for more information called their toll-free number 1-800-30. I wouldn't thank that. I wouldn't thank that. Oh, Daniel, you have a very nice day. I think you touched all the bases here. And I just wish he would decide they can drive debate, try to go toe to toe with you, though it's with a fun day. Right. It's no match. Whatever you said. Get there. Have a great life. Okay, well there was a real buck kiss here if I ever heard one. 142 a WIOD. By the way, the rumor is we were picking on Scott again about the noise and that's not true. And spite of what our friend from engineering told you in a hallway, we hear about all these things. He didn't say that to you. Sharon was making it up. Just tell Tim to get a life and go back and hang out with Rick Edwards. Anyway, boy, look at these phones. All of a sudden like in noon, it's like everybody got off a plane. Maybe they were coming from Newark. Okay. With that other guy, through Atlanta. Maybe everything's straight not. I think everybody here had to get something out of their system. Kind of like Bill Wise needs to get something out of his system. Okay, in fact, we have the animal bag that just do the job. Okay. It's a Debbie Ellis special. You'd say four bagger, okay? You think that four baggers at Old Baseball are the pressure for home run. But four baggers really from the Bill Wise School of Cleansing. Internal Cleansing. And if anybody can use it, man. Now, let's see, there's is that Laura that I see because the window does things here. That's Laura. Now, I've got all the stuff that I'm going to have to record. You doing that today? Doing that today, as soon as I get off and Mitch came in here and he said, having no fear, you can make it as warm as you want. No problem at all. So I'll crank it up to about 90. Go in there and sweat my way through some of those spots. Because next week, I know this comes as a shock, but it's long overdue for me. I'm going on vacation. Again, I'm almost embarrassed. But I got a news for it. It's not my fault that it's also close together. I was taking the first part in March as you remember and at the end of March. And then little miss Muffett back in sales set up this thing I had to do and I couldn't go away and she screwed up my whole vacation schedule. But to be honest with you, I like the way it worked out a lot. Yeah. Because between the Chicago trip jammed in there and between and then these other vacations, it's like just, you know, it's actually like a part of management. Not a permanent vacation. That much. In fact, little did people know, but you know that Alvin, by aerosmith, permanent vacation was about people in a man in broadcast management. I knew that. Wow, I'm sure you did. Okay, let's, why am I having such a good time all of a sudden? I think it had to do with when Steve was in here with a Michael. I think that was a good word. Remember yesterday when Arnold's brought the food and suddenly our whole attitude changed. Same thing happened today. I mean, a shoulder there was a lot better, but it was not great. And then Steve came in and we got him, I mean, nailed him with that, you know, hidden mic trick. And all of a sudden, I feel like life was almost worth living again. I couldn't believe it. It worked. So, because he didn't notice it. And when you're like I said, you don't use the overhead. You're not sensitive to it. And you just are oblivious. Yeah, Meg Green knew. Meg Green knew right away. And that's frightening. If Meg knew and Steve did, I think that's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. My amy. Hello. Congratulations on that extraordinary good interview with Caine. He never sounded better. I think we have our first whole question answer we're here. Hey, listen, about Bob Caine would know, but we talked to Jeff Charles any time concerning that. Neil, why don't you go back to Chicago and drop a few bucks? I know you had a lot of fun there. Oh, I had a great time. Yeah. Oh, and we enjoyed that so much, knowing that you were there, having fun. Yeah, in fact, sitting there for four hours, looking right across at the ballpark and then having Harry come in and then going over it was fun. That was the day of my life. You better believe it. All right. Bye. Thanks. Oh, okay. Bye. Wow. Like the phone was on fire all of a sudden. She was nice, but boy, like wow. Well, she didn't want to overstay her. Well, you know, she knew the voice was little old for this show, but she's very nicely. 146 at WIOD and Toyota of Hollywood on a 441 between tapped and shared and would like to send special wishes to rabbi. Oh, I don't know. Who was on the cancho. He was another one of his good friends. Boy has he got a circle of friends that even even here, I'm on gearing would be a bit like that. But anyway, if you want a great deal on a quality use car right over on the west side of 441 across from the new car lot, you will find literally acres and acres of great quality re-conditioned cars. Now, let's face it. Not every car that's traded in at Toyota of Hollywood is going to be, you know, great. They're going to get some lemons. And what they do with those, I'm sure they get rid of those privately. You know what I mean? Or they drive me to the bay or they do something else. Because when they sell you a use car, they want to make sure that it's been totally reconditioned that it's in great running shape and will give you a good, dependable transportation and a price that you can afford. So instead of taking somebody else's nightmares from those used car lots and then finding that they're out of business when you go back to have it fixed, head for a great deal on a good use car at Toyota of Hollywood's used car lot. And don't forget one of the acres there is devoted to the buy here pay here lot for those of your real slippers who haven't had any credit and never will have any either. Toyota of Hollywood, they're on 441 right between Tampton, Sheridan, the Hollywood, you tell them Neil Rodgers sent you by. You know? One 49 in WIOD Miami, hello. Do I do the wrong thing there? Hello? Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Let's be called out. I heard you talking about the new car. It's a sponsor on WNWS sir. Oh, you think he's hip was bothering you. Yeah. Let's go to Del Rey. How long? He's brought just in New York. Hello. What's the question of this? The question is, what's the next thing that will be redundant? I like that one. Some days that guy just over does it a little bit. You don't want to make it you don't come any better than I go. Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say. Hank and Joe on Sports Talk tonight and Hank isn't really going to be doing the show. He's just here to keep Joe awake. I Joseph, God, he really is. He just sleepy. That's all. And then we got the twins of the Yankees in the second game of that double head of it approximately 8 p.m. tonight. Okay, you never you never know for sure when they're playing the double head of a second game is going to start. Well, I don't know what you're laughing about you don't because it depends on when the first game ends. Oh, oh, that's one of how they're Delford Beach, hello. Huh? That's what it says. I don't know. I don't never heard of such a place and I've had only the reason because there's nobody got a line. Palm Beach. Yeah, I do. Yeah, you say me got a lot of nice. Okay, be this number. My amy, hello. Hey, Neil. They're off to the mediums, no man. This is their own little lightning round. Yes. Hey, this big Bob. I bought that to back Mario today. Did you get a chance to plug an airman? What, that 25 year old tobacco? Yeah. Well, we're still scraping the worms out of it, Bob. I'm going to get them all out. It was given to me. It's supposed to be better in today. Yeah, that's correct. You have the average risk. That's what they say about stink. You're about, oh, Bob. I can't understand the word you're saying big Bob. You're great guy. But don't ever call me again. Whoa. I don't know. That's a guy that brought that old steel tobacco by here. Okay. For a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah. You're doing great. Good. Up until the last two or three cause we've been doing great today. Yeah, I'm going to put him down and up first or all back down. But try to get you up again here. Don't come any better than ankle, Bert. First time color. Great. Congratulations, sir. Thank you very much. Speaking of baseball for beggars. They've been watching the home run derby. I saw Kingman and Luzinski. Were you speaking about baseball? Just briefly. No, don't pay any attention to him. He's got the message. He's just a haste throwing a little thing before we finish. I only got eight minutes to go. I just didn't hear it. I just mentioned four backers is a home run. Was that talking about baseball? It was a lead into this call. Well, it's a win. Oh, his my God. And I'm in it. Go ahead, sir. Actually, when I was on a hole, I just saw her head. But it's been pretty interesting. Part of it, I'm going to have Willie Mays and a Roman killer broom. Harmon killer. Not Herman. Yeah. You said Herman killer bro. It's probably his brother. Right. First sister. Yeah. Now let me ask you, when you get a ticket from a cop, do you ask him about the size of his pistol? No. Not if you want to be on a safe side. But calcaburger. Yeah. You were talking about that before? Right. Well, this guy's all over the place. Isn't it? Well, I'm following the story originally. We used to have white camels up there. No, it's not used to. They're still there. I had a 14th at night. Yeah. But they're not 14th. It's been a sense anymore. They're still there. There's a camera and that way. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. We're not talking about castle burger. The castle burger is a ripoff of royal castle and white castle all the other. And castle burger, in fact, the one up by me and the plantations already out of business they put them in those steam things and they make them way ahead of time and by the time you get them for a get it. So I mean, they're like a, they're not even in the ballpark in terms of what the old is. You were a castle. They make them fresh just like it used to be just like white castle does. Right. Right. What's all the onion that I could exactly? Yeah. What's you, uh, what's up, Michigan? Well, here's what calamazoo and all the big cities like Albion and Marshall and. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're the reason we have a shark actually here that the B.x. or a D.C. is their, um, well, they had to because it was ABC sold it to cap cities. They had to change the call letters. Yeah. That's a W. S. Y. T. Which is pretty sad because those were some of the best call letters in America. Oh, yeah. Uh, quite a year. They're in W4 and uh, well, W. A. B. x. wasn't so good. W R. I. F. You have to still all there. W. W. J. W. J. R. I'm sure this is exciting. W. W. A. B. x. Oh, W. A. B. x. is gone. Well, nothing lasts forever. Okay. That's what they say. Z. That's true. Oh, okay. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. I'm sorry. I got this. A guy who's glad the season's almost over. That was a great call, wasn't it? Well, man. I don't know if that's the word. Well, it was different. Different. I would use. In fact, if I had been smarter, would have been a Bob from Popano. Popano. Yeah. Neil. It's not Bob from Popano. Thank God. Neil? How you doing? Good. How are you? Great. I have a little joke for you. We're doing jokes. The little one. That's what you think. Okay. How about Miami? Hello. Dale. Yeah. How long are you today? Okay. Where's your what do you ask your women to come up with? She. Let's go to. We're not doing jokes. Okay. We're not doing jokes. You'll have to ask Alice. That's his area of expertise. If expertise. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I like call. Heidi, when we have bar buckle bitch. Okay. Any particular reason? Oh, that's just being bad. Oh, we got to. Okay. Well, that's good enough for me. Thanks. 150. Well, I think round is gone, right? Well, supposedly with these people are kind of inventing their own little version. I noticed. For Latterdale. Hello. Neil, can we have super supper tonight? I lost my tent. Cooper, Shouper, who does this must be? What is the name spot of Bole? In here. My head, brush it. My tent shirt went and did on the toilet fell. Are you related to a Ronsene John by any chance sir? That's my grand final. Okay. I'm our best. Okay. This is a little bit. This is excellent. 150. Five. We have a call from moral gables. Hello. We're going over here. Okay. You're right. They're kind of inventing their read. They're like reinventing the wheel. Okay. You're going to get the buzz out. I got a message for all of you. Okay. There you go. Oh. Did you notice like maybe Jeff Charles can do a lightning round. Okay. Maybe he's got more than one. And then he can do screamless. And Alice can do screamless. Here's a mobile. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Funnies just follow. Oh, that's cute. But old material. Ariel. Miami. Hello. Dale. Yeah. I see the funniest thing we have today. Steve came with doing the wrestling. And he looked like he was running for his wife. Why me running for his life? What does that mean? When the wrestlers came in, Dale, they were knocked him over. They won't rest for spit. Bravest up in his face. Reen stuff. While Steve is going to be their remaking the exosis sir, and Steve is auditioning for Linda Blair's part. Here's a mobile in Boko. Hello. Hi. I want to tell you I had a shocking experience this weekend. Really? I saw Hank Goldberg on TV and it's really shocked me. That is shocked. You know why they distorted him and weaver's pictures on these dolphin the schedules? Oh my god. Yeah. That's what everybody says. And I like to say one more thing. I know it's not the lightning around, but I decide to call Eric Hansen. It's a butt plug for back and forth. Okay. Those of you who are Jones and for lighting around, would you give me just a little taste of it or anything? Can we decide to bring it back? When you know, until the audience has cleared their brains out. Because they've got to, oh man. Just so tedious. Same genres. Yeah. The same like six people calling him. I dumped that out because it's like the donut guy. Okay. Just can't see those kind of people bug me. Okay. Because we don't want anything to do with them. They're monotonous. They're boring. They're not funny. They're not entertaining. They're not amusing. They're not interesting. They're nothing. Nothing at all positive about hearing from them. And when you say, hey, give it a rest. And then all of a sudden they start with this compulsory routine like they can't live without doing this. Okay. Isn't that pathetic? I can't believe the donut guy called you when you're in Chicago. Oh yeah. He calls two or three times. That's a sad joke. You dumped any of that? Oh Nick dumped it. Yeah. I couldn't tell it because we were up there. But yeah. He was desperate. I was just looking for a cart that I could think would summarize the last several last few calls. Well, not the young lady. She was cute. Where the hell is that cart? Oh, here it is. I think this sums it up great. I have no life. Yeah. Okay. Let's try one in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Let's try and do you show a lot? That's terrific. Good call, sir. It's a real short crank. Buck is out 13 of the other. Dick buck is yeah. All of the sudden, boy, we've been really doing far better than I ever expected. We got a slow stuck because I hung up on everybody in the beginning of the show because we had a lot of stuff to talk about. Now speaking of that, boy Steve has got another one of those shows. I'm especially fascinated by Dr. Liphol. Isn't that for somebody who's going to be in debate? How many debates have been named Liphol? Is it Dr. Junior? Dr. Well, anyway, Joella Kane, no relation to Steve who's written a book telling me about the bag of tricks that women use to catch them, clean them out. What's he says, clean them out? That's like money she's talking about. She's not related to the urine leave. You show money. Then toss them away and discard them and just leave them lying there in the dirt. And debating her and another one of Steve's famous contrived debates will be Dr. Irene Liphol, who's a lip off the old block and says she's revolted by Joella's anti-female outlook and things Joella should boil an oil with bill wise and bill mulling together. In the area. Yeah. And then speaking of that Jo and Hank on sports talk at 6.5, followed it around 8 o'clock more or less by the twins at the Yankees. So we got a whole bunch of somethings for you. Have a great day. We'll see you again tomorrow morning with that rich and maybe a little Jella mold and stuff like that at 10 o'clock here on 610 WIOD.