Neorotters, to get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day, 524 WIOD in Broward, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the fall beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neorotters on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. Where is William Zylande? William's Island Tampa. On Tampa. New shock. Because Ward Downey just bought a two-bedroom condo there for 301 and a quarter. Very nice. Yeah, I kind of thought it would be around here. North Miami Beach, according to Roger, you say off Tampa. Off Tampa. This came both of our... This came, well, there's William Zylande and Tampa. Yeah, that's so beautiful. Lauren, this is William Zylande and Roger. Yeah, that's what it says here. So, Fiela Renner and the Valley WIOD. Now, here's the building, Cunningham. So, I'm down here. And now, Ward Downey, Junior. Now, it's Hope and Tampa. Well, you're wrong. Ward is going to be living in town. Here's, I hate to say this because, you know, the guys made millions and millions of dollars. And I'd be grudgey and absolutely nothing but it's wearing pretty thin now. It's getting pretty plunderous. Yeah. No, of course. He's run out of people that are willing to beat each other up and against our really terminal last night. I turned on for a couple of minutes and he had some weird political guy with freaky hair. You know, it looked like one of those 60s rejects with a long hair and aging. It was pretty ponderous. And the audience was going, you know, like that. And they hadn't even said, hello yet. They were doing that. So, it's getting a little desperate. Anyway, it's 1006 in WIOD. Yes, we do have Virginia all the ratings, but we have several things. I mean, just several little things that I got to do here. First of all, I have to correct my mistake. First one I've made since I came in yesterday morning about the Armadillo Cafe. Oh, because I went by there yesterday and away home from my mother's house. Yeah. And it's on Davie Road Extension. And it's in a little, it looks like kind of a little country and western shopping center. See, the shops of Davie is what threw me. Because I've always thought that shops of Davie was on university at Griffin Road. And that's why I kept saying the little public shopping center. That's where that barber is. Remember the barber or friend who used to come in a couple of J.T. He's in there. Oh, I think. What a shopping center. And I thought that said the shops of Davie there. Now, somebody will call in and tell us what the name of that shopping center is. That is not even close to where the Armadillo Cafe is. Armadillo Cafe is on the southeast corner of the intersection of Davie Road and Griffin. Which is just what it says in my copy. And of course, luckily I haven't had a go over there because they brought the food here. Yeah. And when you're on the diet, you don't go over there and have a sit down. Because having a sit down meals, what the real killer is. So I just wanted to correct that and point out where it is. Because I've got a lot of people confused. Somebody will let us know. Trust me. I forgot my little sandwich today speaking of food. Can we beg for something? Salad or something easy and simple? No, right and on Monday in a response was absolutely zip-o. And like I said, I think we've lost the magic touch. I don't think they care about it. Now they don't care about it anymore. And I know I said we didn't want a lot of food in here. But the salad, anytime the salad's coming, there's no problem for me. It will sandwich for you. Something weighing less than seven pounds. Salad is a secondly Mike Spindell called me at home yesterday. And Mike of course, overly sensitive because he used to be in his business or close to it. And he went through a thing about people told him I ripped him. I said I didn't rip him at all. He's a great guy. We all love Mike. It's just that the tape showed up late. And he gave me the story about how he didn't put enough postage on it. It rang a bell because you remember that fat rich told us. He sent us a tape was not enough postage and it was embarrassing. And it went to the dead letter file and it finally had a big song to dance. And we finally got it. And I said to him, don't worry about it because we got a whole box for quality tapes. Now, including some more that came in today. Some real good. I'm excited about that. The rest of your stuff is in a waste basket. Now, if it was one that you got that you recent that was blanked, that you got back blanked a few of those happened. Don't panic. We're not throwing those out. We'll redo them. But if it was just like the one guy sends me a check for Knozos, which is great. And he says, I heard you say that it was too late. And he sends a tape anyway. Which is nice. I appreciate it very much. Believe me, I'm going to have a collection at home. And it's going to be fantastic. I can record my own best in Neil or something. Because I got enough because it's to choke a horse. So, in all way, Michael, get it straightened out. I'm sure Richard's got your address. Or if not, you know, we'll do something. We'll have him deliver it personally. That was number two. Number three, I didn't see the story because we just were busy doing some things. About the uniforms that they want kids to wear in the elementary schools in Dave County. I heard the story this morning on our news. And I got to tell you, that to me is one of the most gross, and I'm going to be a test. One of the most frightening things I've ever heard in my life. It reminds me of the Hitler youth all over again. They do it in private school. That's bad enough. But I guess we can't control what they do in private schools. But the idea that we're going to have all these little kids dressed up in these little uniforms. I'll have said brown uniforms. I'm not sure I know what color they're going to be, but it doesn't make any difference. But I can just envision them goose stepping. You know, while El Presidente is leading them into pledge of allegiance. I'm really sick images in my mind. And speaking of sick, Oprah yesterday hit rock bottom. Sick rock bottom. She had a show about autistic savants because of the movie. Rain Man is created so much interest. Oh, they showed a fairly lengthy clip from Rain Man at the beginning. And they had on two. And I was at my mother's having lunch. And of course, lunch was starting to come back up again. It's one thing to look at in a movie and to understand it, appreciate it, but know that in the movie. It's only acting. It's only make believe. It's another thing for people. And she made a comment about a third of the way into the show, which was the tip off. She said, oh, we're not exploiting Robert or whatever his name was. We watched you understand that. We're not exploiting him. We just want people to understand this and what a crock a crap that was. All they were doing was exploiting these two poor guys, who both were autistic savants. The second one who played the piano and who allegedly could listen to any piece of music played. And then repeat it on the piano. And they played some show-pand thing and look at that. The phone works now. Mitch is a magician. There's no question about it. That's where we went wrong. We should have got Mitch in here right off the bat. In a fluke swell as we were known to say, he just got that thing. They're all flashing at the same time. Anyway, she brought in and he listened to the thing and then he started bumbling on a piano. And it was tragic. It's sad. It was sad. And the thing that bothered me the most is that here is this miserable bitch exploiting. And I'm not sure I should put her alone because all these talk shows now. It's nothing but exploitation. Exploding these two poor guys and putting them on display. Do you remember how in the carnival they used to be side shows, free shows. And there was the fat lady and there were the midget and there were the, I'm sure autistic people or whatever people who were bizarre were put on display. And people used to pay to look at him and laugh and gawk. And that's what it was. I don't give a damn how many disclaimers she did that was what it was. And it may be sick. It was nauseating. Oprah, you are a slime ball. Okay, honey. A true slime ball. And all those TV talk shows. Man, that's what it's gotten to. That's it just gets worse and worse. Your horse one yesterday. My horse came in. stolen rolls with Mike and Zollas. Absolutely one. What did pay? 630. No, not let me see that. 630. Where do you get it? 630 is a time. It's not a price. That's when it came in. Yeah, that's probably the time it came in. No, say, oh my god. 6. And a half to one horse paid 14. 61 by a length with Mike and Zollas. I gave it this horse lady's in gentleman. What was the one you gave out? Well, turn the channel did not come in. What race was that in? 10th in the 10th rate of desperate. Turn the channel was a desperate six went off at four and a half to one. What is that? So you're still cold. But I'm right on top of it, man. And look at that. The trifecta net race paid 344. And the bet tree. That was the third leg of the bet tree. Oh, look at that one. You couldn't have had it. The middle one. The horse in the middle was 99 to 1 paid 260. And the bet tree paid 4,48720. So it's the first ticket golf stream ladies and gentlemen is a winner. How do you like that? I'm a stand for 1460 with Mike and Zollas. And the chalk ran second. So that was an easy perfect for 4880. But that's the way it goes. So anyway, we did Oprah. We did the armadillo cafe. He did Mike Spendell. And I mentioned the thing about the uniforms, which I just can't find the story. I can't find local. I can't find a lot of was kind of hectic this morning. Sonny to tremendous job under very difficult under direct 520 this morning. And you're staying Roger had a call from Bob Soper that he was under the weather. If you pardon that expression. Would you say that about? Also, where were we hearing yesterday? Was it where we're in here? Or did somebody tell me that Dan Rather came in eighth? Oh, Sanchez was talking about it. Yeah. The CBS evening news, which ordinarily I'm sure is one or two. At the worst is number two. Stocking locally. Yeah. In the market came in eighth the first week on channel six. Yeah. Beaton by such powerhouses is channel 33 and 39. So when I tell you the channel six has got signal problems in CBS, bought themselves some real headaches. And of course, he brought out a good point. And that is what's going to happen nationally. Because this is one of the major markets. And that's going to have a little bit of an effect on the national picture. Because you know those tens of a point and hundreds of a point. And they're so close. The three, yeah, even user. That's correct. So good luck to you Dan, because you're going to need to talk louder, Dan. That's all I can tell you, baby. Because I've worked on stations like that where they could barely hear you. And on TV, it's the additional problem. Not only can the audio be all of the audio goes fine. It's just a picture that sucks, okay? All right. Now we have all of the ratings that anybody in the world could ever want to see. And I'm sure that we have all the people in the business are tuned in right now, because most of them work for a very paranoid management who doesn't want to tell them too much information. In fact, sometimes if the book is bad enough, they give them no information. They just give them a pink slip about three weeks later. So we've got it all here and knock on what boy. We did miraculously well here for just 10, many or five weeks. I mean astonishingly. Well, Reneri had a giant book. And the station overall, a 4-8 12-plus. That's the entire week. That's the second highest number for WIOD in the modern history of the market. I say modern history because back in the old days when they were only where a handful of stations, QAM and FU and this one, all of the stations had enormous numbers because they were only a few stations. 4-8, 4-8, which is the biggest in 10 years. And in the next one in a winter book, in the next trend, we'll go over five. Mark my words on it, depend on it, as they say. And of course, our friends over at that other station were used to work well. They're going to be singing, they got a couple of little numbers in there. In some very narrow demographics, I think men 25 to 34 in the afternoon. They had a big number and one other one. But other than that man, and especially in the morning, they took a dive, seldom seen in the history. So quickly in six weeks, I've never seen it. seldom seen in the history of this business. That's how fast they are diving over at Zeta, where they allegedly turned to corner. It could be his story. And you know something, it couldn't happen to more deserving people. And I do, there are some exceptions like Capri, who's sick. I wonder why Dave is under the weather. And Gondra is a good guy. I mean, not much of a talent, but he's a good guy. Not any talent, but a good guy. They love him. And John Ford is a good guy, but again, he's not on the air. But as far as the rest of them over there, and I shouldn't say that. Casey's a good guy. Mm-hmm. We never got to know my mind. So we should talk about the, well, my clients, I'm sure, is terrific. Tim, but. Tim was the wonderful human being. I've got a question about that, but she doesn't figure in the numbers because I'm over night, there are no numbers. So anyway, we'll go out trying to do two ponderies. Okay, because I know some of you get real upset. Well, we get into a long draw. You don't understand these, and they don't mean anything to you, and you don't care. But please understand that there are a lot of people in the business who's livelihoods depend on this God for sake in business, and these numbers in there. They're out there very nervous, and they want to hear any little. A tidbit of information they can get, okay? So that's the name of that tune. It's a camp-a-leave the phone, man. It's just like a real normal phone today. It's shocking. Shocking. Ten-18 at W-I-O-D, and I want to tell you about D. Ten-22 at W-I-O-D. Now just before we get into the ratings, we should take some of these calls because some of these, we don't want these people waiting on here forever, do we? My amy, hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Hey, Jim. Hey, when you're greatest listeners, name Julie Roth. Julie? Yeah. So, where can the grove go? Yeah. And today's a birthday. Well, happy birthday, Julie. That's all, Neil. Okay, Jim. Thank you, sir. Bye. Yeah, I see what you're saying. You do have to take some of these calls. Come on. Now it's good. Julie's probably listening right now. We made her a whole day. I mean, we got this stack of stuff for as long as the spike lets us have it. And if you want to take us to take him away, you know, good luck to him. I'll keep his car locked in there all day on the parking lot. By the way, this morning, our park in Savannah, Georgia, I want you to know how to leave. Really early to come to work. I mean, you talk about a parking mess here. The people over a channel 7 of beefed up their staff if we can say that. Yes, Benter said he can't wash your car. It's way too far. It's not, didn't he? Yeah. Spencer's already got my 10 bucks, okay? Just kidding. All right. Let's take one in for Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm the guy that sent you the freeway in. Thank you, sir. You're great American. We will never forget it. All right. Well, I wanted to get that back because on that is the bits from the last time you did all the taping. Really? I got the one cassette back from, you know, for the new bits when I checked. Right. I got that to you personally, by the way. I did that, you know. Yeah. Well, the only thing is, I've only recorded on one channel because I've got, I've got your program on one speaker and the bits coming out of the other. But that's okay. Yeah. Well, that saves a lot of time. Well, anyhow. Well, let's see. That's what happens when you send us cassette. That's that I got other junk on. All right. That's the no idea of what kind of machines rich was using the dub those. But that's no problem. Are you waiting? You're not wrong. He said that did happen. Remember he said that. But I was wondering if I could get the cassette back. No chance. No chance. No. Of course you can get the cassette back. Of course. I just said the house somewhere. If I left my name in a dress with you, no, not with me with Roger. I can't take your name in a dress unless you want to put it on the ear. That doesn't matter. I'll be with Roger if you like going to put me on hold. Please. I appreciate the tape, but I appreciate it a little bit less now because you've made things so complicated. I know. You know, I know. You would have said there. Send this back to me. I explained that in the note. Well, I don't have time to read notes. When you've got a thousand tapes coming in, you don't have time for notes. You read it on the air and you were confused because I've listened. Yes, we didn't understand. Okay. If you put me on hold, I give my name in a dress and if you did. Now, where did you buy that? You buy it? It came out in Cincinnati. Is that where you bought that tape? No, I bought it here in Florida. Okay, because I want to make sure if we send you the tape back, it's the right one. Okay. It's on Oak Street, I think. Yeah. Okay. Hold on. It's the right. That's correct. Alright. I'm going to work as Roger Rogers on top of that. Okay. It's 1025 in WIOD. And by the way, as far as the tapes are concerned, that's it. If you got one that was blank, if you got one that would have 87 channels, good luck to you. Okay. Have a wonderful life with it. A fondal it, caress it, do whatever you want with it. That's it. Okay. And rich did most of the work, but I'm exhausted. It was a wonderful thing. It went on for a good long time. And we graze to over 37 grand for the Camille House. It's marvelous. Okay. We entertain a lot of people with all those bits and all the stuff and great. Okay. But it's all over. Trust me when I tell you it's all over. And any tape, I'm not even going to waste the time out. The only two things that we'll look for is to see if there's a check somewhere in the envelope for Camille Sounds when you know, we got a couple here today. And then throw the blank, the tape, whatever it is. Blanker otherwise in this new box that I've got here. See that's like a new cart in back here. Good ones in there too, by the way. Some really expensive maxels and so on. Thank you so much for writing to my collection. Okay. I'll be more. I'll be more. I'll be trickling in. But I want to say it is infatibly as I know how this is it. Okay. No more. If your tape had pornographic messages on it, no matter what was on there. In fact, probably you want to keep that right. But whatever it is, just your stuck with it. That's it. Because we've given ample time now, right? And this includes putting blanks or whatever it is. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Great. I've had a chance to call, but you mentioned a couple things in the last few days. I want to take some time and call you. First of all, what you mentioned this morning about the uniforms. Yeah. Just for a second, take another look at it because I know my two girls go to private school. And I wish that they did put, I have them put uniforms. Okay. Only because I have a six and a half and a seven and a half year old daughters. And you have no idea what we go through in the morning getting dressed for school, without fit and having bows matching and things like that. So that the girls can stay in fashion with everyone else's school. I would like it only because it would make life a little easier. I don't think it would take away their individualism because they both are pretty strong individuals. And I think it would make it a lot easier even on the families. But I know of one private school in particular what they do is the kids were uniform Monday through Thursday and Friday is a free day. You can dress anyway you'd like. Well, let me just say it to you. And of course, it's a free country or a title to your opinion. It offends me so deeply. And everything that it symbolizes is so disgusting. The idea that we're taking kids and putting them in little uniforms like they all came out of a cookie cutter. And they all have to look the same and go step the same and I'm sorry. I can't I don't I don't buy it. I don't buy it. I think it's disgusting. But I think you're talking about the old pro Kiel School uniform. Have you seen some of them lately? No. I mean some of them are colored little eyes. I don't care what they are. I really don't care what they are. I don't want the state. Yeah. Or in this case the local school board deciding what kids are going to be wearing to school. I mean, having a dress code is one thing and that's fine. If it's reasonable. If it makes sense. But you know what? I felt the same way that you didn't till I had children in the dress and then for school. Now. I mean really you probably you. I don't I don't agree with you. I think you're making much to do about nothing. I don't think it have to go through a big song to dance to dress kids for school. However, as long as it's within the dress code and they're comfortable and you're comfortable. Keeping up with the Joneses or worrying about what everybody else is looking like. I don't think that is significant. I think you know, school is a place for learning not for a fashion. I realize that but today's generation is a lot different. If you go visit some of the elementary schools, you wouldn't believe it. You would see what we're talking about anyway. Well, like what? It's not even that they're keeping up with the Joneses. It's just that every little girl is into it. It's not every people aren't too fashion now whether a crossover or a dozen costs a lot. But you see if you want to send your kids to school for the purpose of getting good education. They don't have to worry about what anybody else is wearing as long as they're dressed neatly and within whatever the cold dress code is. But when you were a little bit complicated, well, but when you were little didn't you want with everybody else? No, not when I went to school. Everybody dressed basically the same and it wasn't any dress code to wear any uniforms. And everybody basically within certain parameters were informal sports shirts and pants and skirts and blouses. And whatever and that was it, there was nobody cared about what anybody else was wearing in school. But I think the fashion trends and we're a lot simpler than they are now. And then maybe the parents of this country ought to decide that fashion trends are less important than good education. Well, no, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that my children are there to learn to study, but I'm just saying that it's all the rest is. But I mean as far as the school board of the state making uniforms don't understand how disgusting that is. I mean every place that happens, it represents a certain authoritarian kind of mentality. And I just can't find it what it's disgusting. Okay, but what about let's say in some of the public schools where some children were it's a mixed community where some children are a little bit more fortunate than the others. I think what they're trying to do is make everyone be judged as an individual instead of the material things that they're wearing. Well, I don't know when I went to school, I think there were more emphasis placed on you know who was getting 90s and who was in the top 10 or 15 students in the class as opposed to who was wearing designer jeans, you know. And if that's something that the that the peddlers of clothing have have conned the parents into then that's a parent's fall okay not anybody else's. Okay, anyway second thing. Yeah. Just a note that you might pass on to Camilla South. You know that I was in a public class week and I found out that whatever is not sold and public said that day is trashed. Yeah, they're worth it. They are worth it. Okay. All right, then just say here now. Okay, you have a good day. 1031, she's a nice lady and she's entitled to her opinion, but I just I don't know what's even worth having a discussion on this show. A big good topic for Steve. It's a good contrived debate and it's a real hot topic, given Emily, but I just, oh God, does that rub me the wrong way? The idea and a public school of having the state or the school board decide little uniforms that all the kids are going to wear. Hmm, hmm, have all looked the same pretty soon. We'll have all think the same and we'll have instead of individual names. They'll just be like letters, you know ABCD or numbers. When that be good. I wonder if George Orwell would like this. Okay, we got an open line in Broward. I don't know whether to take, I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana to be honest with you because I started with all these calls. Now the phones are filling up and I want to give these numbers out. What should we do? Got a real crisis. Well, you said it was so much to do and so little time in which to do. You said it was vital that we take these calls first. Well, I was a good call. Yeah, that was a good call. And the birthday call, even though you didn't like it, that was nice. Well, great. Wait a minute, ratings, I vote, what was that? What is he trying to say? I don't know. Roger, what are you trying to say? I would like to do the ratings. Oh, you want to hear about the ratings. Sure. Okay, so those of you are on hold. I don't want you to get it. Well, let's take one or two more because we got a break coming. Oh, seriously, and then we'll get into the ratings. We'll do it at length. Kendall, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Glenn, how are you? Hi. The guy would have taken you should have just told him can't be done. Yeah, that's right. No, I don't want to be redundant on this, but I had the same opinion as you do. Here come the brown shirts. Oh, yeah. What a discount. Oh, and a way to change the line. I, well, my daughter, 13 years old. Yeah. I said, in this church, she listens to the show. She's a nice, nice. Anyway, I don't think there are any. But she said, right, it would eliminate a lot of peer pressure. Certain classes, kids, they dress better. They look down on the kids at home. So that's the only comment. I don't want to slap you. Yeah, but you see, I know. No, it's hard to be an individualist and even in the 60s, everybody claim to be an individualist, but they all looked and smelled like each other. you know, they all want to emulate each other. But one of the very difficult things are to be a real individual is to not give a damn about what other people think. And that's such an important thing to teach kids. Instead of trying to have them all looking the same and keeping up with everybody else. It's not important. Those are not the kinds of artificial things. Don't mean anything. They don't count. Everybody don't. Like you said, they are there to get an education. That's correct. Elements eliminate a little bit of the friction possibly. I'm not interested in all up the same. Well, gee. I hated to but then when my daughter said what she did. Well, your daughter isn't I'm sure she's a bright young girl all that or hopefully she is. Hopefully. But she's not mature enough to make that kind of a decision. That's something you was the parent half to decide. And you understand the implications of it a lot more clearly than she does. That's true. Trust me. Okay. How are you? You two back. 1034 at WIOD. I want to tell you about Siam's double. We got a lot of food talk on a show here. Oh, the 1039 21 before 11 at WIOD. And now let's see what's going to have a guest today. Oh, he can't. Who can't. So because of the birth of twins or homerodges of victory house on turning gaze straight and AIDS and the clergy. You get the feeling that Steve has an obsession with a certain topic on that show. R. Steve. Yeah. I thought that that was the straight show. Anyway, let's get to these numbers. Now, because Roger's going to be apoplectic. We don't get into all of these heavy numbers here. 12 plus six to midnight. Number one station in the market. Of course, although a big drop to a seven was WLYF. Huh. Life. Plus. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. A seven. Yeah, down from a seven nine. Incredible. W HQT hot. He dies. He's got those crayons working. 124.9 up from a two nine. Told you. We're two in the market. Real well. Number three. WIOD up from a four to a four eight. I'll say it again. It's the highest number for this station in 10 years. And number one. We had a cum of three. That means a total number of people listening to the station. 398,100. That's a monstrous queue. A lot of gigantic queue. Number one. AMFM. Even Wofi radio didn't put. Power was forth with a four four way down. CMQ is Spanish. Joy. Joy had a big book. They went up to a four. They were six. E. N. R. with a three nine. They were off quite a bit. It's time for seven to with the magic magic went down a little bit down to a three nine. That's still very good demographics. Waki, which is Spanish, was tied with ninth with QBA. Also, no spaghetti ingres. Why 100 drop from a three nine out of a three six. And it's interesting. Sunny went up, but he's gone. So it's another one of those mess with success. You're rid of the people are doing well and keep the garbage. So congratulations to our good friends over there a while 100 for dropping from the spring of four three nine out of a three six and dropping rapidly. W. Snoeze, big drop. Oh, must be a mistake. From a four eight in the summer book, which was a total flu. And to a three six time for 11th with Y 100. W. Snoeze, big drop and big drop. Big difference. Kiss went up from a two five to a three five. They're 13 followed by gloves 94, which had a big bounce back up, which I know depresses you. They went from a two nine to a three four. W. I. N. Z. From a two eight back up to a three three. Kicking ass with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the palm beaches, even out to the Bahamas. This is W. I. N. Z. Yeah, the last. Waxie was about flat with a three one. He and I, GTR from a four one to a two eight. They waited for got putchered in one month in the book, but I'm not going to make any alibi's for them. W. X. DJ was the big story of this book with some of the most bizarre and hard to believe numbers in the history of arbitron. They went from a one seven to a two four and 12 plus. But when you hear some of the individual demographics, you'll begin to wonder just exactly what they're smoking in Beltsville, Maryland. Okay. I mean some really weird numbers for what do they call it? The the O. S. P. The W. The W. The W. The W. The W. The W. The W. Okay, 25 to 54. No, wait a minute. Oh, I start. We got to go. Oh, they only got down to the pond. Yeah, but there's one I want to hear. Oh, you want to hear Zeta? Yeah, you only got down to two four. If we go through all of this, we'll never take any more. I'll go through all of it. But Zeta went down from a two four to a one eight. They're they're back under a two for the first time since we went over there. I want to hear who they're around. But well, they tied W. E. T. F. M. which is in West Palm Beach. And we just edge down W. F. T. Allow at a one seven. And of course, you can only hear F. T. All right under their tower. They did beat radio Swave who went one two W. M. B. M. With a one one and Q. A. M. There's a point seven. Yeah. They did beat some big shooters. No question about that. Now that she she beat Zeta. Correct. Now when she beat I didn't give she. Two and you had a two. I'll just relax now. You're getting you're getting carried away. Well, she had a two. Yeah. When you get beat by that's correct. Zeta is a third among the A. O. R. Stations now. They're last shocker and dropping rapidly. A lot of sub-package. Persians 12 plus in the day parts. Okay. In the morning number one W. A. Q. I. S. Spaniual they don't count. Mike Rinerius 6 2 up from a five five. So he's number one in the market really with a gigantic hum of 181,000 excellent and congratulations to Mike have get back from the vacation. Will you please about cut it out? Okay. Rob is enough. Life of a five eight down from a six seven life is falling because most of their listeners are dying. I think it's part of the problem. Q. B. A. Had a five five in the morning H. Y. I. Why 100 at a 46. So sunny, got gone up a half a point. But he's gone. Yeah. Winds of 40 to a four or two. They're about flat. They went up a little bit. Magic a three six to a three nine. This is 12 plus in the morning hot from a 203 a eight. They almost doubled their audience. They're up to eighth in the market. EDR stayed flat with a three seven. CMQ, we don't talk about it's S. Spaniualnows. Speaking of inglase. Power a three eight down to a three four. Tanner had a little drop there. So doesn't make joy a three four. kiss a three three up a half a point love Gregory Benjamin from a three two to a three three so he's creeping along That was welcome leave him alone will you okay B. J. R. 36 to a three one, but again I'm not I'm not gonna say it. I know that Spike would want me to Alabama I just didn't hit a screwed up month there in the in the book Waxy a two eight to a three WNWS from a four nine in the morning to a three three three but in you know if Dennis is listening he now we come to the real good one WZTA Zeta 94.9 from a 5.4 to a 2.8 in only six weeks it was half or the audience never in my career Alabama history of broadcasting has there been never then follow it's not even worth going to the rest of machine one one three will one seven in a morning and that's about all it's worth talking about okay now wow I've got to put the paper clip back on these because I've got so much stuff here I feel like I'm in Washington they've wasn't up all kinds of classified documents so you look oh huh you look like they are like you're in all right Paul plus the midday life had an eight three okay credible joy had a five three life was down almost two points magic tide would joy for second with a five three this is 12 plus Wild from a three three to a four six we were fourth in midday that's a highest number of the stations had in midday in 400 years and we were only here five weeks so it extrapolates out to about the last five weeks we were doing about a six seven to a seven now it was higher than Bill McLeak's number a little bit yeah um followed by CMQ kiss W's news now this is the uh I don't understand the same drop from a four nine to a three nine in midday how did we beat Sandy and we were only here five weeks huh and we out killed her and everything I don't understand gloves two nine to a three nine hmm hot two three to a three five wax you a three two to a three four and midday and the power big drop five two to a three one that cramed me T r four four to a three but again X D j one nine to a three hmm while one hundred three five down to a two eight in midday that's where they had a big big drop in midday then the ten-year-old program director but he could get his stuff together uh wins two one to a two six they had a little pickup there midday must have been a couple of exciting news story QBA she had a two one in midday now let's see Ft L a one eight we're still looking we're still looking swive a one seven and here it is the Jeff Gonzrew show ladies and gentlemen little increase from a one four to a one six woo they is doing it they're obsessed with okay three to seven twelve plus life seven point two hot five point two joy of five power four point eight down a point and a half knocks is not gonna be called not this while one hundred a four to a four five and after notes of the big drop I guess was in midday and maybe at night uh CM Q magic from a five to two four three and midday and air and afternoon drive like I said music has changed and they're messing with success Wild D steward from a four four to a three nine and he afternoon although his Q went up the length of the listenership went down a little bit the Q went up a EDR four two down to a three nine Alice from a four four down to a three seven off oh has Dustin Hoffman would say uh oh love from a two seven with three six kiss two four to a three six GTR four five to a two eight the waxy two eight's flat WSDJ two under a two five etc afternoon wins two three to a two four G2 under a two one and Zeta from a one three to a one eight huh and my clients is really doing it what he did hit a big number somewhere in here twenty five thirty four somewhere at a seven seven three if my man or one okay this has got to be boring for people are you folks bored by the way not many but any audience is bored bug off okay let's see a twenty five to fifty four these are the important demographics uh I will say this we had like in men twenty five to thirty four mm-hmm oh this is frightening this is shocking men twenty five to thirty oh to fifty four okay well we'll get to that all right twenty five to fifty four persons this is men and women magic was number one with a six six then joy see him Q love EDR I O D with a four seven was time for six with kiss mm-hmm I don't think anybody cares about that I think they care about the individual day parts twenty five to fifty four don't they do magic six two wacky a five seven micro nearly five three third of the market in twenty five to fifty four a giant jump from a three nine to a five three mm-hmm followed by joy while in hundred with a four eight EDR with a four seven love with a four six drop to have a point kiss a four four waxy a four four a big increase GTR four seven to a four QBA six zero to a three seven Zeta this is twenty five to fifty four in the morning seven one two a three five uh oh turn the corner oh say you've got to understand when you've lost half the a little over half the audience in six weeks you're doing almost nothing you're doing almost to zero because half a seven point one is three point five five and they got a three five zero point one so if you add seven point one the first six weeks and a zero the last well you understand what I'm saying life hot went from a one nine to a three two in the morning wins two under two seven that must be an accident a she a two one w snooze two four to a one seven in the morning they're morning just went through the bottom man they just came back to where they belong okay when we get to those older demographics they'll start chewing up real heavy midday uh love three eight to a five eight who's on midday over there Gary Chase Gary Stevens okay buddy was a jockey a Wiod midday uh twenty five to fifty four two seven to a four five which means we were doing about close I would say to a six five to a seven somewhere in there uh GTR six one to a three six they had some problems one bad month and uh one hundred three four to a two four she two oh two two three where is the guns run here always stayed flat with a one nine okay afternoon drive three to seven p.m. 25 to 54 this has got to be so boring magic seven six number one dropping from an eight nine joy seven one they had a big book love five five oh CM Q five five kiss a four seven kiss did very well EDR four six I O D from a five one to a four four but still time for seventh and meeting the daylights out of the competition uh X D J three six to a four four which I believe is bogus life a four one waxy a four one y 103 six hmm who also we're looking for O Zeta one nine to a two four and afternoon drive 25 to 54 that Mike Lyons is the he's doing it I'm telling he's doing it also on the weekend we can used to be the big of thing over there was that they did real great on the weekend for Zeta if we can say that's still on here oh we're past the break well we'll take it whenever the how we feel like it let me just look quick to get the weekend because they used to have a big number on a weekend over at Zeta huge number they used to be there big all look at that we don't do my we sucked her in a week but on a week I O D went from a three four to a five two on a week and that's 12 plus that's the whole audience big increase winds from a two seven to a three W snooze from a four five to a two nine she from a two three to a two one and Zeta from a two two to a one two lost half the audience okay it's 1052 a W I O D look back and wrap this boring stuff up right after this just got 1056 a W I O D this call from a Viro this collect calls this a crank hello hello how are you a crank caller sir if I crank no no I start my car the usual way with a key okay can't be done by the way oh okay I just wanted to talk to you about the worst experience of anybody's life and that is standing in the buffet line back and somebody who's got to be 85 and moving at the speed of the meal and how do you like to follow them in their car when they were going there no this is worse because the first is front of me first of all is just moving so slowly and they're in this is a Chinese buffet and they're picking out the little shrimp shrimp shall mean oh yeah put on their plate yeah every time they go to the Chinese buffet we have one of those oh in plantation or Davy and they go to the Chinese buffet and they pick all the meat out of the meat dishes and they leave all the vegetables and the onions and there's nothing left when you get there that's right that's right but it's the doing in front of you yeah and just picking and picking and you're waiting and taking that five minutes to get all the things that they want out of there and maybe a way to get even with them while they're picking in the food maybe you could like be picking your nose or something and you know what I'm saying pretty gross but it may be the only way to do it I don't think they'd know to probably not they're probably too deeply into their work so to speak well how you doing up in vero my god i can't believe we have an honest to goodness living in breeding person we get a lot of hate from vero but that's about it well do the kind of hate in vero yeah i believe that yeah yeah i bet you they have a lot of sheath sales up there too don't they on a weekend especially at some of the malls yeah yeah well in west vero aha it's nice up here i'll be yeah in fact the kids up there all were uniforms two brown ones understand well listen have a great day and stay off that line okay good luck you pal 1058 a w i a day i knew we didn't have much time left in the hours and he was called collecting god only knows we don't want to pay a whole bunch of money for you know collect cost but uh i just shocking the way that phone is working like a real phone today i mean i know it can't be done but Mitch came in here and like that and just uh a miracle it's like i'm ready for religion now i'm so excited and you're gonna get your control for the over half a week and actually control the level in here which will be just revolution got it he's got it actually got it already and even says overhead on it he's got it all uh the man's how justion he really is yeah he really is and he said the other guys are nice guys but that's probably something yeah some of them have been here too long you know what i mean like when Steve said to me the other day at the can't be done that's the way it is and here today all of a sudden it's done now it's shocking okay listen we got a whole we got look at this how much ratings we got go through that okay we could probably do till midnight all right if we want to do a ratings marathon here at wio deca you know the station at a great book yeah we want to really rub it in okay we want to relish it save a written you know rub it in everybody else's back okay and we're getting the Morton salt out for our friends at wus news during the eleven o'clock news Henry is standing by with the news and we'll come back with our number two at eleven o'clock i All right, so you're over-recruzing who a channel seven now? Who is this Joan Love? Joan, I love it, that's right. She's gonna pop in and say hi. I'm gonna have Sharon called Joan Love it. It's a channel seven and tell her the disgusting thing that you did to her this morning and there. I was rubbing up again, Sharon. A little accident, you know, these guys are kind of nothing fall. And just happen to rub up against the breast of these young ladies. And then they happen. And now you're cruising poor Joan over there at Channel 7. We'll get word over to her Joan. Don't come anywhere near him, okay? He's a real desperate. I'm really looking forward to meeting her. He'll feel places on your body that you didn't even know we're in bed at you, all right? It's eight minutes past eleven a W-I-O-D. All right, getting back into these ratings down. I know a lot of you are waiting on these phones and obviously you have a four-ritch life to just hang on. 25 to 54 did we do this? Oh man, I'm sorry, men. Well, we want to do this because W-I-O-D. This is the entire day Monday, Tuesday, 6 to midnight. Number one, tied with magic, 7.2. Followed by Joy, EDR, XDJ from a 25 to a 5-1. Oh, I mean, who are they kidding? Waxy, 25 to a 4-6. G-T-R, 75 to a 4-6. Kits, 32 to a 4-2. CMQ, life, love, Zeta, 49 to a 37. Huh? Wow, 100? She wins. TMI, et cetera. Okay, 6 to 10 AM, men. Mike Renery, this is 25 to 54 year old men. Renery, number one with a 7-9 up from a 4-4 giant number. Yes. Followed by magic with a 6-4. Huh, nobody even closed. Zeta, 11 to 4 to a 5-7. Huh, you're kidding. How could that happen? They turned the corner. Oh, God, do I love that? 11 to 4 to a 5-7, right? Oh, my. Hmm. Must be a mistake, huh? Yeah. CTR, 76 to a 5-6, EDR, 5-1. It's a big pick-up for them. Wow, 104 to a 5-1. As I said, sunny did very well, but he's not there anymore. Joy, kiss, waxy, XDJ, 139. Boy, I'm telling you, they got some real interesting fallout on their diaries. That's all right. Gloves, 46 to a 37. That should make you happy. Wins, 32 to a 3-1. I don't see W snooze in here. Well, these are kind of younger demographics. We're not under those 95 plus yet. That's where they get. That's where they're all ready. It's 1-8 to a 1-4 in morning. Well, they're mornings just fell through the bottom of the earth. Our attend a 3 mid day. This is meant 25 to 54. W-H-D-J and 8-8. I mean, W-M-X-J, I'm sorry. There's a whole other. There, fourth. Magic first with an 8-8. W-I-O-D-A-7-1. We went from a 39 to a 7-1. Ah. Joy, 68. D-J from a 2-4 to a 6-4. I got a last. It's so ridiculous. Yeah. For example, length of listenership, 3 hours and 45 minutes a week to 8 and a half hours. I mean, come on. Hmm. W-I-C-L-I-G-T-R-E-D-R-Kiss. Et cetera. What did Z-A-D-D-A-D-A-N-M-D-A? Oh, look at that. Gonser, 23 to a 3-1. Good Lord. Oh, my God. They've turned a corner, ladies and gentlemen. 3-7-P-M-N-25-54. Magic, 82. I'll Steve had a 7-4. Second. Joy, 64, XD-J-5-5, which is again, a joke, waxy, GT-R, gloves, CMQ, E-D-R. I don't see W-S-News on here anywhere. Where the hell is Alice? Z-A-2-4-4-4-4-0. Oh, oh. Oh, man, 25 to 54. That miclines, man. He is eating them up and spitting them up. They have a 3-O-2-3-9. W-S-2-7-1. She had 2-8-2-3-1. I still haven't found W-N-W-S-W-L-D. Here they are. 2-3 down to a 2-0, tying for 20th with power. Hmm. So I guess it was Alice and Cox together in stereo. There they are. Okay, here's Monday through Sunday. Oh, this is so, look at this. I can't get through all of this. Where do I stop? I got to stop somewhere. Huh? You can stop anytime now. No, no, no. We got to get these 18-30-4 because we did great. Monday through Sunday, 60 midnight. Let's see. Number one was Hot 9-2. From a 4-7-9-2. Told you. W-U-L-A-2. That key thighs, Lee Boy. He's got those crayons out. And pretty soon, he's going to be using them as a repository. They're doing real well. Power is 7-6, EDR 7-6, GTR 7-6, 3 stations tied for a second. That's unusual. Wow, 100. Waxy, love, she. Now, what happened with the Zeta person's 18-34? Can we find him on here? There we are. 4-8-2-3-2-14. That's 60-midnight. Now we're getting to the next. If the people in the audience aren't being bored by this, then they must be all in the business. I'm not bored. Morning, 6-10-AM, 18-34 men and women. Kiss, 37. Yeah. I'm on a wrong pay. Yeah, I can't. They're 11. I know that would be a mistake. Oh, somebody put these in a wrong order. Hot, sparse. There's a page missing spike in pause. I think there's a page missing. Yep. Don't blame me for it, baby. It's missing. I'll be dead. Oh, it's in a wrong order. Okay. GTR was number one. He should have that right on top. 9-1. Oh, Lord. Followed by Hot from a 3-5 up to an 8-5. Yeah. While I'm 16-8-2, I'm telling you, Sunny had a very, very well. But he's not there. EDR power from a 69-flat. She 3-4-5-1. Gloves 5-4-4-8. Waxy, joy, ex-DJ again. They're all over the place. Magic dropped 65-4-6. IOD, this is men. This is men and women, 18-34 persons. Midday from a 0.6-4. Hmm. Good. From a 0.6-2-4. bigger than Paul Iel. Zeta from a 2-7-3-2. But at Gonser, I'm telling you he had a book that will live in infamy man. Of course, it's got to be that strong morning lead. W.S. News Midday, Sandy, 18-34. She's got great demographics from a 0.6-2-1-4. She is doing it. Okay, let's see. Let's take a look at afternones, 18-34. GTI number 1 with an 8-4. Followed by hot up from a 3-7-7-8. Those kids out there are into that hotton. Power, joy, EDR. XDJ from a 3-1-5-9. Waxy, she gloves. Why? Magic. Magic had a pretty bad drop there. 5-8-2-4-5. Zeta from a 2-8-2-4-2. So you see in some of these little demographics, they're really doing it. Midday and afternone. They're really turned the corner. IOD from a 2-2-2-2-4. QBA. W.S. News from a 0.4-2-1-4. Look out. Hmm. Look out that Alice is on the move. Now we get into many teens of 34. Okay, which sounds really good to me. 6-A-M-D Midnight. We got the GTR's number 1 with a 9-9. Followed by hot from a 5-4-2-8. Followed by EDR power with a 6-5 down from a 9-8. XDJ. Oh, here we go. 2-6 up to a 6-5. From 6-1-5 hours of listenership to 16-1-5 hours. Like the listenership, but they do understand what that means. Oh, it's just incredible. Yeah. I mean, somebody is smoking some heavy duty stuff in Beltsville, trust me. That was our way, Susman. He's got a sense of humor that is second known, doesn't he? She, Waxy, Y, Gloves. This is a 6-A-M-D Midnight. W-IOD from a 1-2-2-4-4. In many teens of 34, how do you like that? For a little bit of an increase. See, they're from a 6-5 down to a 4-4. Okay, now let's look at the day parts. It's ought to be very interesting. Just to 10-A-M, GTR's number one with 116. While I'm 100 to 7-4, that was a big increase from a 4-8, but Sonny's not there anymore. A-E-D-R, X-D-J from a 2-O-2 with 6-5, if you believe that. Hot from a 4-2 to a 6-3 followed by, she power gloves. Zeta from a 15-point-1, that was our last book there to a 4-point-1. Come on now, don't get the consequences. Waxy, joy, IOD from a 0.6 to a 3-3. This is many 18 to 34 in a morning. QBACM Q-Magic RMF, I-N-Z from a 1-8-2-1-2. Oh boy, well, I got a lot of young people listening to that news. Midday, 10-3 GTR, number one with 114, X-D-J, a 2-9-8-7. She with a 7-8, hot with a 6-2, IOD-A-M from a 0.4 to a 6-2. Time for fourth. Followed by power, EDR-Zeta from a 3-9 to a 4-9. Midday, I'm telling you, Gonser is, oh man, he is doing it. They have turned the corner a little bit. That's good for another book now, okay? They can free it along for one more book right? After noon, 3-7, 18 to 34 men, GTR, number one with a 10-2, EDR, hot power, X-D-J, she's Zeta from a 3-4 to a 6-2. That my clients, I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, they've turned that corner. No question. IOD from a 2-9, Steve went up to a 4-2 in many 18 to 34, where is Alice? Alice? Oh, a 0.3 to a 1-4, okay? I think that's about it. I think the rest of this stuff is not, but we got to do this one. Persons, persons 25, not men 25 to 34. That's one we'll do because we did grade, okay? Great. We'll pick out the ones we did well in. Yeah. Well, that's just about any of NGTR, 10-1, number one. This is the entire station, 60 Am limitant Monday through Sunday. Followed by X-D-J with a 8-5. Oh, oh, EDR, Wax, the IOD from a 1-5 to a 4-9. It meant 25 to 34, number five in a market followed by Joy-Chee, Zeta from a 72 to a 4-7. A little drop there. I wonder where that was. Okay. Now let's look at the day part. 6 to 10 AM. Number one, GTR with a 12-7. Why 100? Way up. But Sonny's not there anymore. 18 EDR, XD-J. She loves Joy-Chee. Wax-Se Zeta from a 16.0 to a 4-1. Oh, boy. Is that doing my heart a little bit here. From a 16 to a 4-1 and men 25 to 34. What happened? Where did they go? I thought I'd turn the corner over there. Midday, 10 to 3. GTR, number one with a 10-6. XD-J, 2-4 to a 10-6. You believe that? Of course you don't. Hmm. Third, W-I-O-D. From a 0.6 to a 6-5. Oh, hmm. And let's see how Steve didn't even have to know. How did Sandy do in that demo? Sandy. All those sugar cookies, Sandy. I don't find Sandy on here anywhere. Look at that. She's so refined. I don't. I can't find it. Winds had a point four. Oh, Sandy went from a point six to a point four. There she is. I know if we looked along and hardened off. We'd find Sandy's number somewhere. We got to get a magn... Let's get one of those magnivisions. That night sells in the morning. Okay, let's go down to the drugstore and get one of those. Three to seven in the afternoon. GTR was number one with the nine seven. Zeta from a three five to a seven two. That was the big number. Oh, that mic lions man. He's eating them up and spitting them out. They're doing it. They are doing it. And Steve went from a four to up to a four eight in many 18 to 30 40 afternoon. Tied for eighth. Where was Alice? Oh, big pickup. Point three to a one three. You're doing it, Alice. They got more better watch than I'm telling you. They're on the move. They are moving it. So that's enough. And if there's anybody in a business who wants to know anything else, we've got everything that's everything except the book which hasn't been made already. And I'm sorry to bore all the rest of you with that. But it's compulsory. And are there everybody in a business tunes in critical? I'm getting choked up about it. Crucial. I feel like Stan. Talking to that with no stokey. By the way, do you think lunch is going to show today? I hope so. A little salad or something. That's a spring would be. We're desperate. Well, just a second.. Thank you so much.ifica. So he has coming from this, just a moment. My presentation will come tonight. So I'll teach you eight to invest here for the City of Wang. I'm sorry. So come on.ention. Speaking of Toyota of Hollywood, what timing that Laura's got to sheen from? We want to invite you to come by. This Saturday's even I are going to be there from Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610. W-I-O-D. It's 1123 a W-I-O-D. Can we just look at men 18 plus because the station was number one. I-O-D with a 7-1. Hmm. Hmm. It's great, man incredible. And in midday, let me just take a look at that. Do we do anything? Life was number one with a 7-3. I-O-D. Number two from a 5-1 was 6-7 in many teams. But we haven't turned any corners over here. No, we're not turning any corners. We're trying to drive if you're probably an expression on the straight and narrow path. And over at Zeta, there's busy turning corners. And I think it's very for tutors that they had those real good. Those little, you know, big numbers in the aerographic. A couple of them for Mike Lines and one or two for Gonzer. And they're going to say, oh man, this is it. Man, look at these giant numbers and we're really doing it. But they don't understand of course, is that the rest of the place is going to hell on a hand basket. But that's good. We hope that they stick with that for a long, that classic crock. I've tuned in this morning for the first time in weeks. And Captain Dave was out sick again. I think that's three days in a row. He probably saw the book. And they were pumping out the same craft that they always pump out. Right. You know, and they were talking about their big, fact machine and herit. Facts us this and facts us that. And, um, that's right. It was great. It's the closest thing to un-list-nable. I've heard in a 25-111 and WIOD for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay. Hey, listen. I heard you talking about that, um, that's so small. Yes, today, around Jeremy. Oh, yeah. Listen, when he's going to be on Steve's show, his niche thing, though, is trivia for you. He, uh. Wait a minute, who said he was going to be on Steve's show? That's what I heard. No, no. I heard Jeff Strikers going to be on. Not Ron Jeremy. Oh. Well, anyway, you know, he has the ability to feel it himself. Yes, I'm aware of that. Oh, okay. I didn't know if you knew that. I was trying to tell us is that you're jealous, right? No, there was one flick that he was in in which he did accomplish that feed, as a matter fact. Yeah, remember seeing him. Do remember vaguely from sometime in my wayward youth, having seen that that is over. And I told somebody that the other day when he was on with her auto and they didn't believe me. Yeah, I told a couple of people at the end of the evening. They know, well, it is hard to believe, you know. But when your double-joyed it, I guess the Lord means for you to do some pretty exciting things. I say, okay. Listen, you have a good one now. I hear that jealousy in your voice, sir. Okay. Okay. So, past 11 in WIOD, we have an open line in Broward. I liked the way he teel it. That was very pseudo intellectual, wasn't it? That was excellent. Great callers. I'm serious. That was so delicately and tastefully done if I can, if you put in that expression. It's right. Okay, let's see. 524WIOD is an open line in Broward. And also Palm Beach, 655WIOD. So, we got a couple of open lines in the board. We're all through the way with the ratings. I realize we've probably put most of the audience in a coma. But tough. You know, that's great. I mean, we are, that's part of our heavy responsibility in this community. And not only that, but the phone is fixed. It works like a real living and breathing normal phone. So, even if you have nothing to say, call on those two lines. I make a feel good. Okay, because it really looks great. Yeah. Especially in Palm Beach, okay? Because we got another 34 minutes that we're, of course, Mike Miller. You know, I never thought about that. We can't compete there either. So, I'm probably finished in Palm Beach, Broward. It's a Margie. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hi. I wanted to call and say thank you. For what? Last week, my boyfriend called you. And he asked you what would be a good place to take his girlfriend for her birthday. Right. He suggested Bob Tauvernetta. Yeah. And we went Saturday night. Oh, boy. It's great, isn't it? Yes. It was so good. And the service is just so perfect, man. As soon as you put your water glass down, they filled up again and just just, it's great. It's great. Yeah. Yeah. I had to feel it was delicious. Mmm. That baby cowboy. It's fantastic. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Oh, good. Well, I just wanted to call him. Thank you. Good. How old were you? 16. 16. Yeah. Boy, that's a wonderful age. Now, you don't want to wear uniforms to school, do you? No. I didn't think so. I told you these douchebag parents that want their kids to wear uniforms, right? Yeah, I know. OK. I'm glad you enjoyed it. All right. Bye. Bye. That's great. 27 past 11 at Wild. And we have an opening and broward, if you move quickly. Now that the phones are going to work, they're not going to call. I mean, we do have a lot of calls on here. But it just would be, it would be so exciting. OK, let's do it this way. Everybody who'd like to have Alan Burke back. Oh, seriously, everybody that wants the Dean back. Let's get those left. OK. Or if you want Paul Harvey back, come on. 5, 2, 4. Wild and Brower. We won't even take the call. We just want to see them fly. All right? And 6, 5, 5. Wild and Palm Beach. OK, there goes four. There goes six. So we have to go through a retraining process now, now that the phone actually works like this. Does yours work like that in their tune-out neck? In other words, it works normal. Oh, my God, this is a day that will live in infamy ladies and gentlemen, which we and I told you he was the best in the business. And here we were mucking around with all these. I mean, these other guys are wonderful guys. But they're a little confused. They've been under a lot of pressure for a long time. And it said, no problem. And he walked in here. No equipment or no screwdriver just waved his hand. And immediately, like an active God, the phone straightens itself out. He gave it a dirty look as if to say, if you don't straighten out, you've had it. OK, we're going to call in some two-bit private phone company. And right away, AT&T got the message, OK? It's shocking. It really is. Ah, hi, Alia. Hello. Hi, what am I being punished about? Good morning, Neil. I hope I'm not out of line. Out of line, Mary Lou. No, not really because. What are you saying? The 16 year-up, you asked her the question about the uniforms. And this is what I call the uniforms. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Neil. Maybe the unicorn will send over lunch today. The fourth energy fan. Tasty. What a great. Oh, God. I would go crazy. I lived too far. I would bring you lunch. No, no, that's OK. Sorry. Neil. I'm sorry. But I have to give my response on the uniforms. Remember the young lady who... The unicorns? Yeah. The unicorn, the young lady who called, shortly before, 1035. If you say so. Yes, you don't require. No. Oh, yes, I do. OK, OK. She likes the uniforms. Yeah, because she has three kids to dress up in the morning and so on. Well, Neil, I do feel the same way you do. And I'm not just saying this just about a year or not. No, I'm not. I've always been this way when I discuss with my friends about how parents, nowadays, mainly, I just feel that most parents, not all, but most parents are putting this pressure on our children. You realize that since Oprah lost the way she looks worse now than she did before. Oh, not worse, but not too good. Yeah, she looks bad. Yes, you're good. I'm not trying to change the subject. No, I wanted it. But I was just thinking of that exploitative show that she did yesterday with those autistic savants. I swear to you. And she comes out and she's got the gall, the hoods bud, looking at Cameron and say, oh, we're not exploiting Robert here. We want you to understand it. No, it's like a freak show, honey. It was tragic. It was so sad. You know what all she's doing is milking it for every dime she can milk out of it. You know, and my mother looks at me and she says in her own naiveway, oh, she has no control over who's on the program. And I said to her, she owns the company for right out loud. It's her production company. She picks the producers. She hires, she fires, she sits down with these douche bags and picks all of these horrible topics. Yes, our phone. My mother, man, is losing such a naive dream world. You know what? That's the part of it because I was visiting my aunt and, um, a way to make a hold on a second. Okay. No, seriously. Oh, wait a minute. They already hung up anyway. I was going to go and say, David and her hurry and they hung up. So don't worry about it. There were such a big hurry. They disappeared. But I agree with you. Me are really on this uniform and our parents to allow the state to come in and tell our children. We don't know the name of that shopping center and the Griffin and University do you? No, probably the heat center. That could be it because I thought that was the shop today. We already did this correction. There's a big living people of Bums theory about where the Armadillo Cafe is and it's so good. I don't want people going to the wrong place. It's on baby road in this little hillbilly kind of looking. You would relate to it because you know, over there in Highly, you got a lot of little Billy stuff. I like to visit that day, yeah. You might even find Bill Anderson over there. Well, Bill Anderson is coming out with his own autobiography. His autobiography. Yeah. Uh-huh. And so he's on Florida. He always write an autobiography. In fact, I hear that Joe Cocker is writing an autobiography called the Altacocer's story. Yeah. I have a free. Oh, say we're about. If you would like one of the course of infrastructure. No, I'll pay for this. No, I can't make up my mind whether I want to read super the one. Oh, awesome. Mary Lou, have a nice day. Please. Please. Those things. No, he'll pay. Yeah. If he eats their Hill Pass, that's what he's afraid of. Oh, I think I forgot to add. Oh, good bye, Mary. Oh, yeah. Yeah. On the lottery, one news report gives that 3.9% of the money is going to education and another news report said 35% which is it? Well, because Reck-a-Pol-K, make up or mind how much you turn on the list. 7-Eye St. Mary Lou. Yes, it's a buy. Okay, it's 1133 a W-I-O-D. And we got it. Speaking of the lottery, if you're a sucker, you'll play the lottery. If you have any brains, you'll get over to pomp and oh harness tonight. I mean, you can keep pukeing out that lottery money. It all would go to win 14 million a hundred million. You're not going to win anything, all right? That pomp and oh, you would a little luck in a little OD. My man, I couldn't say my bedroom. Hello. Oh, I just lost my house keys. 1137 a W-I-O-D. And it is incredible. Really, is it's astonishing? We have an open line in Brower. If you move quickly now, is they say 524 W-I-O-D. And of course, the Palm Beach. Look at that two of them in Brower. Well, I tell you, now that we got the phone working, they don't want to talk to us and Brower, anyway. 524 9463, we done something to offend them and Brower. Do you think? Well, you saw the book. Oh, Nick wants you to know he doesn't really message us again. Okay, don't give him messages. If you want to talk to us, that's what these lines are for. If you want to give him a big song in a dance and Haka China, he's not interested in that, okay? He's not there to take your messages. He's got more important things to do. You can find out what they are, man. And then we're all going to be in good shape. Facts. Your field. Hi, hi, Neil. Hi. I have a spy report for you from Waxi. Great. I was listening to Rick and said this morning. Rick and Spud? Yes. And a lady called up and said she heard on your show yesterday that they were going to see. And the sun is going to Waxi. They said absolutely not. Really? Yeah. That means it's true, huh? Probably. You know what they said? Well, anybody in his business is absolutely not. That should be the first clue. It can't be done. Yeah. That's right. But they said that you guys always talk about everybody else on the radio and you never talk about them. So that must mean that you like them. Personally, they're good guys because they love their shows. I can't say anything bad about them. But as far as their show is concerned, they had, well, let's see what they did in the morning. Okay, let me be fair. They may have had a big book, unlikely. But they may have had a big book, okay? 12 plus 6 to 10 AM. Waxi? Well, they're not on the first page, okay? Well, I think they're not on the second page. Three-oh. They went from a two-way to a three-oh six-time for 16th with W. Snooze. So I think there may be something an omen about that, okay? Well, I may have helped their numbers go up a couple of points when I stopped listening to you at that time in the morning and started listening to them. I think a lot of people did. Really? Because they have a little bit of joking around and you know, but if they would be awake when they come on see what I used to drive into the parking lot, they come on at 530, right? Right. Things I get to the station about 535 or they're about. So I'd hear the first five minutes of them coming on and they always sound like they're asleep. I don't listen now. Oh, yeah. Oh, that kind of stuff. Like, don't bother us. We can't talk. We're still sleeping, you know? Well, the reason I like their shows, because Dawn is on there and it's like a woman's to do sometimes with, you know, those two crazy guys. So it's gone. Dawn Murray. Dawn Murray. Traffic. Then she did traffic. Dawn Murray? Dawn. I thought he was an actor. Who died. Dawn. Dawn. Dawn. Yeah, Dawn. Are you sure you're not from New York? I am, but I've seen it gone a long time. You've been gone with Dawn? I've been going a long time. Okay. Thanks for the report and tell Rick and Spud's 0K in our book. We'll pump it out for you today. Okay. Bye. 20 till noon at WIOD. We have a mobile and Palm Beach. This is frightening. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Matt, I'm for the blood. Go ahead. I've heard you talking about the earlier. You have the one the Ross Wall week. Uh-huh. With the, uh, memory glands. Yeah. I just tell you a story with your sir. Okay. Uh, when I was in the Navy, I was overseas. I'm telling you, sir, singing us this. Uh-huh. I'm going to both. Oh. I met a woman, had me, you know, really well-adowed. Uh-huh. I was the one who brought up the thing about a renal women. But I could be wrong. Go ahead, sir. Now, maybe you're talking about the Thai restaurant? Yep. Can't go. Okay. Go ahead, though, because I'm not, I'm not the boob expert here. You're right. I could bird is in the boob. See you got that right. Andrew, really going to the obituary one problem. What? Yeah, no tea. No tea. No tea. Well, we've been known to make concessions, you know. It was, but good. Okay. There he goes. I got a zanol about it. Well, and she was, goodbye. I was, uh, what did that mean? I don't know. But I was a constant at, uh, Thai orchid last week. I guess about this. Oh, wait a minute. We got another cab driver in a big rush here. Hello. I'm calling me. I'm not in that big of a rush. Oh, do you want me to put you back on hold? No, that's okay. Okay. The parking lot at the airport is still empty. No one's starting coming. Oh, and poor water today, yeah. That's good. That's right. No one's starting coming in for the super boy yet. Great. But if I went, but they got all the helmets up on 95 and a light tower's man. I swear. Yes, today. I thought I'd go into my amy yesterday. I will say this. I must say one thing. They finally and it took them years, but the DOT or whoever's responsibly. Finally did something semi intelligent. No. And that is on the divider on 95 and the new and that one stretched there by Miami Gardens Drive. I was very wrote. They got those little trees and bushes growing in the middle of the median. One of these days that we've big enough to block. Well, no, some of them already are. You can't see what's happening on the other side. That is a nice. That's going to avoid so many traffic types with the rubber neck. It's going to be worth its weight in multiple. Exactly. The beach report that beaches dark and cloudy. Everybody's leaving is like 400 checkouts from a couple of the big hotels down here today. There's about 400 check-ins also. And they're all trying to do it at once. Yeah, but they are. You should see the dormant at the Harvard Beach are going. That was a problem in Fort Lauderdale when a head-all is young people are sure they were all trying to do it at once. And that's what got Bob Cox. I have a pletic. Well, I got the mark on the outlook. Yeah. That's all we need as another one to him. Okay, well, let's have a great day, pal. Have a good one. Good luck to you. I thought it was an important call. 1142 at WIOD. There's an opening in Broward. 524WIOD. What are we going to do about Sandy Boy? She's slipping rapidly. So what were you saying? I was a constant about this very subject because we did spend an entire day on the rest about Big Breast on Oriental Women. And they told me there that in any race, any creed, any color in the world, you're going to have big and small. In any category of people. And they said, you will see anything with Oriental. Yeah, if you look hard enough, exactly. Yeah, that's what happened to me. That was all. That was all. Well, that's pretty profound. What is that little kind of like probably philosophy? Yes, exactly what it is. It's probably true. If you think about it, ponder it today. Yeah, it is pretty ponderous, right? Okay, that Palm Beach line man. I'm telling him, so that would be our next project. And look how fast we got the phones working right, just in one moment, it's straight in that hot. I told you we had a worker's up in Palm Beach. If you don't use that line, that's going to disappear just as rapidly. Come in here and flip his thing. And before you know it, that line will be like a Monroe County line. Because we get inundated with calls from Monroe County. Why can we just have an 800 number for all those calls we get from out of town? We get a lot more calls from out of town than we do from Palm Beach. We do from Palm Beach. I'll take it that love to have a 800 number. I would love more calls from out of town that we ever get from Palm Beach. Yeah, Miami. Hello. And you're an ill. Okay. This is Pete Boulder. Pete Boulder. Please come back to say to please. Boach up sir, come on. They turned the corner, but they realized they're going in the wrong way. Well, they got a couple of pretty interesting numbers in there. I mean, it's one thing about ratings. There's so many numbers that if you look hard enough, you'll find something. You know, so they got a real story in there now. Yeah, well congratulations on what you guys did. Thank you. But you've got to watch out for the next book that comes out. Remember you're going to be up against Lee Fowler now. That is true. Yeah, we never counted on that. See, we're just extrapolating what we did in the last five out of these 12 weeks in here, figuring how great it was, but we didn't have Mike Miller and Lee Fowler to contend with. That could be the turning point for us. Could be the kiss of death. They're enjoying why you can't. Okay. All right, y'all pick it. Well, we got it. Wait before you go. We got it straightened out though. We got those people in line up there in Palm Beach. We're dressing up all the tacos and little uniforms. Okay, so they'll insane. And sound the same. Okay. Okay. Bye. I'm 45 at Wiodame. We know that Lee is preparing now, frantically to go on the air with his guests. Let's see his guests today is the one who canceled out on Steve Show two weeks ago. That Lee. Did he really do Jamie from the condo? Didn't, he's going to do it. Next week. From the viewpoint condo. Now, Steve has done that twice. He's done a magnificent job with it. It's got national media attention. These people live. Is it in Tamarack? Some were somewhere in Broward, right? Wherever the hell it is. It's somewhere in Broward. What does that have to do with West Palm Beach? Oh, market. Is it in market? Yeah. Okay. Well, again, it's right by Tamarack market. Yeah. And that's got about as much to do with anything going on in West Palm Beach as the man in a moon. Okay. But Steve did it. So therefore, followers got to do the same show. Lee, you've got no shame. No shame. Okay. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't hate not the phone, though. Like this. Can't you scream? Yeah. We can do screamers. That's great. But you're one of those who just waiting for. Well, that's why I want it. That's why Ray such a big, uh, think about this because you can't do screamers when one little line of a, uh, you can't do it here and love you can't do it like that. And tremor sometimes with those who you're something you're better show us. That is correct. One painting. Yeah. They ask you a question on these ratings. Now in the afternoon, on I and Z. Yes. We're kind of different to we talk between now and back when Stan was on. Oh, big difference. Let me give you an example. Okay. Men 25 to 54. All right. 3 to 7 p.m. W.I. and Z. When Stan was there, we were in the middle of the year. And then the number of 87. A five. Then a six nine, a five one and a five one. Then he leaves two seven three one. What is he supposed to Southern Bell. No operator. Do you don't have any emergency call. It's a talk show. Find the number that's calling you. It's a crank and just two of them out. Okay. Okay. I don't know who it is. Well, all year in Boca, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's that same jerk. Yeah. They could make him into buck, but looking a butsaus anyway. I'll let's see 25 to 54 persons. Let's look at W.I. and Z.3 to 7. Okay. Mm-hmm. If we can find them on here because it's a pretty low number. That's not on this page. Here it is. Stan had a 35 a 45 a 39 and a 42. Then it went when he left to a 17 and a 19. They've lost well much more than half the audience in the good demographics. They've got nothing but old parts over there basically. It's spike. Hi, this guy. Okay. Good luck, yes sir. Oh, it was you. Did you put your bumpers pick up yet? Which one? Um, I'd rather be in Rochester. Oh, no. I'm saving that for a special effect. I got my Don and Bob's cap. Somebody sent me Kathy. I want to thank you very much. Kathy from Rochester sent me my very own blue Don and Bob's cap today. Okay. I was watching channel 10 last night. The news for the first time. I'm like a long time. Yeah. I think it was Tom Jick is said that they're like, uh, they're like a national And cryer. Yeah, have Lloyd news, yeah. Have Lloyd news. They're showing a bag of coagulated blood on TV. They should have. Oh, I saw that. I saw that. I got them. I always, I had to wait on him to say. And I thought to myself, water crow and ice never looked better, you know? Okay. Have a good one. Oh, yeah. My opinion, uh, Rick Sutterman is a fascist. Oh, good day. By. He said in his opinion, I know. Which I'm not touching with the 10 foot pool. It's, uh, let's see, Boca's open 2789463 and Palm Beach, even with all of our threats. We can't get Palm Beach going today. Okay. 655. WLB. This is the last chance for the Palm Beach live. If it doesn't ring, whether I'm not talking about another line checker or crank, but if it doesn't flash now, we don't get a real call on there. I am physically going to remove line eight forever from this board. Okay. Nothing. No. No. Wait a minute. Hello. Yeah, I talked to Neil Ratches. Hold on. Okay. It's 1149. I can't believe that was on the line. Before that gentleman, he's the guy that saved Palm Beach. You realize that? Congratulations. Probably be a great movie. The man who saved Palm Beach on WIOD. It's 11 till noon, and if you're just kind of sitting. Turned about. We're at the house of Jouk. Listen. Hello. What's it? What's it? I'll say you come here often. I'm here before. No. First time. Which name? Three way. Three way. That's nice. Once they get to meet you, they get to play in here. You know, you were here to get to clean. I don't know. You were working around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah. I know. What's the top is? You probably need to rely on your house. But you know, with everything it's a news and all it's to pay. You can start relaxing right now, all freeway. I brought something. Ooh. She's home. And freeway. Not just any she either. Wow. Goadlo man. She's a pretty kind of man. But here's the most important part. We're waiting the pro-tech label. Pro-tech. I'm Thorsten Dorr. By the city council of Pantonsisco. Absolutely. You know the pro-tech slogan, though. I sure do. Certified safe by the city by the bay. Well, what do you say? Thorren, look at that. I dropped the soap again. Oh, how can it? You bet your life he will. And with confidence. Because freeway you can speak it have. Come to me. Don't let worry. Spoiled those tense meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-tech. The pro-tech. You know what it's all about. The pro-tech. So they won't send you a re-protect condoms. The vision of black black housing garden. That's the old division. The CPC situation. The CPC situation. Since 1887. 154 WIO did we got a call in. And since we left the city. The CPC situation. They have to be there before WIO did we got to call in and since we left you before the break. The CPC situation. Now, we got to do it on there. I need it from Palm Bay. Hello. Tony, let's see. I'll see you at a safe Palm Beach. All you the one. You know, in Palm Bay? Well, that's close enough. I was talking to that old hospital again. These have two shots and four colours on. Right, whatever you say. Okay, well, we know if it was from Pompeii was gonna be a good call. Thanks so much Opening in Pompeii 2 again 655 Wildiman we all ever since we've come here that line has been the definitive line Seven, you know seven's gonna running there, but eight eight is definitely the winner, okay? My amy. Hello Yeah, how are you doing there? Pretty damn good that commercial so funny. It cracked me up whatever here. Do you do I do in bird's it a commercial? Yeah, the one that you had for free free way anyway Take a video. Yeah, there's a couple things I wanted to cover first of all I send in my tape the Baby for I'm it was on the 30th of December. Oh, yeah, and I haven't received it yet I was wondering if I was wondering if you might know about it. I could give you my name and you could know sure Yeah, I remember not a good luck to him. No, okay You all are still two boxes here that haven't been done yet, so you still have a chance Okay, well, I saved pretty slim, but you still have a chance All right, also did you know that at date land mall? I don't know if they have an special days or whatever But they have a walk for fitness Were they ever bunch of gray hairs down there oh blue hairs? Yeah, but I'm not just that could tape Right, we just got some more tapes and maybe you're in the bunch You're not in Pembroke, Pines, are you? No, my answer is good Oh, you're in Miami. Well, let's see where's this one from this one's got like postage do on a 35 cents postage do excellent and it doesn't even have a return address That one dear is what it does 85 cents you all live on prospect drive do you? Oh, I mean the reason why I had a 25 cents stamp in there What on the onion thing? I mean they return in all the way. That's what I'm in in there. No problem with that Okay, you're all you'll get it There's one more thing that I want to do yeah, I hear that in the background. What is it? No, that's someone I work with he's been at here Is he but anyway, he's he a do-spang sir? Yes, he is okay. No, it's so is my brother and lie grants center house But I wanted to call him a do-spang okay, okay, can I do an impersonation of Glenn sure? All right here it is How was that? Excellent your tape is on a waste all right. Thanks a lot. Bye 1156 at good old Wiod we have an opening in date if he moved quick in us 751 9463 751 Wiod are topic today is large breasted knee endrothals Who appear on the upper win for you show? Let's go to Hollywood show we hello Hello Neo yeah, in the garden of Eden my Adam Complicantly stroking his madam and bad Mrs. Merth for he knew that on earth There are only two ball if he had him that's cute. Okay, it's 1157 a Wiod And we have some more tapes for my collection here, which I'm gonna be opening during the course of the new news and I'm eagerly I'm hoping that they're real good ones. Yeah, yeah, yeah, just one on a year like those maxo and then let me say it again If you're tape In other words, if you don't have it by now we do have a couple of boxes that rich still has to dump small boxes don't panic small box But if it doesn't come in the next couple of the oh look at this a t and a nine a brand new still in the wrapper Could I need this will be coming in for the next couple of weeks? Yeah, keep them on away now don't get you'll never see it again Okay, don't to say that we miss represented it or we did this with it You will never ever See the tape again because the deadline has long since passed okay? Almost long since passed I mean what was it last Thursday? Yeah, almost a week now if you didn't if you got a blank table Let's see and don't understand recording yourself. What is this? Boy, they think of a way to minute what is this this tape is essentially Inaudible half your recording is drowned out by the existing music well when you send us a tape It's got stuff on it That's gonna start a bulk erasing all the cassettes. They don't have time for that Oh, so I guess that's another one that I'm gonna not know yeah, too bad. Well, I'll leave it up to rich you can do whatever because it's a cheap It's a crappy tape look at it and Profi and come on pal don't be sent in us about you cheap crappy tape. Who is this from? Bear Oh, this is the one that don't even look at this. It's got insufficient potent. I'm not I'm not giving this throw it out Went and doubt throw it out I don't even know if I want to keep the cassette although might be interesting to hear what's on it That rich says he's sending out about a hundred tapes on Thursday. Okay. That's what he says That's a message we just got on our hot little screen We got a couple of open lines and Broward if you want to get online for that big 12 to one hour The number is five two four wild five two four nine four six three and I'm gonna open these last one And if they like I said if you continue if you're dumb enough to keep sending them in you know We love all of checks for the Camilo sounds that's great terrific They are much appreciated. They can continue using the money but as far as you're ever ever seeing these tapes again on a scale of zero Your chances double minus infinity. Okay. After such a thing Well, you're getting a good collection of new tape with this one is not just before the news break Take a look Another tape not too bad Sony Sony is Not really that's not the high class. I feel like max sells in TDK's but Sony will do and of course the rest of this is going straight in the old you know where Okay April is here. I believe is she not April worth them with a good old wild new news report It will come back with our number three a 1205 Steve with open phones from two to six this afternoon