Leo Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. It might not be as bad as everyone says. Hi, I'm Jude Alice and notice you haven't seen me movies for a long time. That's because I always wet my pants. Remember my love scene with Jimmy Stewart, NetModdy Stratton, Thickster? I was so... Do you know, Gene Kelly's famous dance in singing in the rain? That wasn't rain? That wasn't me. But I'm back. Thanks to Deep End adult diapers. They're so absorbent inside having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket. Oh, and each diaper has colorful pictures of the great stars of the 40s. But it's here, Donald O'Connor, and there's me. Do you know what I said? I still wet my pants, but thanks to Deep End. I'm working again. I hear you're upset. Okay, it's the 1006WIOD. That is a little preview of the kind of day it's going to be... It's going to be great. Okay, because I'm not pulling any punches today. You know, we had the holiday on Monday, and I was sick as a dog. And then yesterday we had the air was still out. Oh, and the audience was celebrating Monday all over again. Oh, yeah. And today I hear the rumor through the grapevine is all the big shots in the building got their golfing shirts on a day. So that was... Well, they didn't have a long enough holiday weekend. Okay. I mean, lots of faces. Three and a half days just it doesn't do the job. Now, do you think if the AC was off in the bureaucrats part of the building, it would have been two days to get it fixed. Two minutes, two minutes. Yeah. Anyway, how about those cubs? Boy, I can't... I don't think I want to make it to the all-star break. I just don't think, I mean, it went a three to two and I have to bring in Mitch Williams at the end of the game. I can't take him, you know. He always gets the job done, or usually, but boy, he just makes it exciting. Okay. We got an old bag, and then the mats. How about you, Matt fans out there? It was close. There was only 10 to three. They lost to the Giants last night. And then I made the mistake. I was fishing. I couldn't sleep because, well, you know, the pressure of the game. You're pasted for. And so I'm pasted into floor. And I turned on the Canadian... In my jaw, I was the French telecast. We've done come in all that good on anaclone on the Canadian satellite, which is a very weak satellite. It comes in okay. And I was watching it. And I turned it on just in time. And the managers were head 41 in the night thinning, and Montreal scored four runs. That dog your bullpen, they couldn't get me out. Okay. And so I just didn't work out. But anyway, it comes through ahead. But I have a feeling there. Three and a half ahead of the mats. Now wait a minute. Let me get this clear. You are up to all hours of the night watching a baseball game. And the car goes lost to in French. Now that ladies and gentlemen, is a true definition of a sports nut. In French, we were going to very important call. Got it. How you fast it. Okay. That's her, isn't it? No. That was much more like your dance. Say similar. It didn't have the same flare. Well, what's all the feedback on that call? Did you notice that all that? Are we going to have one of those days again? Uh, Roblo's Spirey Port. Hello. Yeah. I'm going to make being on the go shooting. Now as we speak to get the video. And I'm going to go to some bar. One of these days and show it. Who cares? I care. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. What do you call it? You know, I'm recovering addict. It's exotic. A proverb is that what you're trying to say. You know what this is going to do to the 16-year-old girl population here in Top Florida. If they show that video. First of all, they've shown the video was on the Murray Puppek show to it on television. But they're not going to do it. They're going to show it to tomorrow. They're going to show it in it entirely. It's entirely. It's entirely. You're right. You're going to bottle a bud. You want to go along. I get out of here. I can show it to you. And it's entirely. Anyway, I must confess. You know, I'm not usually swayed easily, especially by Steve. Because generally, if he says, you know, especially like with his abortion thing, which is so I just, when he keeps talking about our freedom of choice, and then he wants to take away women's freedom of choice over their own body, I don't like that. I really don't. I think it's a cop-out. You know, he makes all these things. Well, he's decided that life begins at 40 or something. But anyway, the thing with the blockbuster video. I have really bad feelings about it. Nobody has spoken to me. Don't get the wrong impression. But it's just, I think I got sucked into something that I don't want to be a part of. And I'm going to tell you why. You know, he gave me this poor sob story about how well, you know, they did it for religious reasons and they're pontificating the public to try to pass their morality law to everybody else. But then we had that call on the bat line from somebody who had spoken to a woman at one of the blockbuster locations down there. And she said that it was the company, the company owned stores were the only ones that were doing that. And then the individual owned franchises were going to stock at some of them. In other words, it was up to them. So they weren't dictating to the other franchises. And the boycott, which is what affects this is what people tearing up their cards, would hurt everybody. You know, if you tear up your blockbuster card, it isn't just going to hurt, you know, certain stores, it's going to, you're going to stop doing business with any of them. Yeah, right. So it reminds me very much of the exons thing, which it seems to me that Steve just like I was was knocking at all these idiotic tacos getting on her, you know, sending a cut up your exon card because all that did, that didn't really hurt exon. It's just like dropping a, you know, a tinkle in the ocean. Yeah. But that hurts the independent dealer, you know, the, the service station guy. You know, when people stop buying their gas, it's not going to hurt the company that much. You're not even going to notice it. It's a joke. But it seems to me this is the same thing. I don't think I want to be involved in it. Okay. I really don't. I think it's a mistake. And I, everybody loves to jump on a bandwagon on these things and, um, I don't know. I do not for me. I don't know. I saw if you cut up your card, you sent it to me. Don't do it anymore. Okay. Because I'm going to, um, I don't know what I'm going to do with them. Turn them over to the CIA or something. But don't send me. If you want to send your cards and send them to Steve. I'm just Steve loves to do that. He really does. And what kind of sinched it for me today. I looked at these schedule. And again, I'm not trying to interfere with anybody's show. But I didn't I predict this. Absolutely. Remember when Roger gave me the thing out of the paper a few days ago that this douchebag unmired, which is long overdue, we should never have been on here in the first place. Because he's, he's so far transcend this guy is such an anti-semit and such a, such a hate monger that there are no words to describe it. And he wouldn't deny that. He revels in it. Okay. Fireed conservative Cuban radio commentator, Felipe Rivera, talks about freedom of speech, the Holocaust, and much more on the Cancho this afternoon. And then I predict that I just, I find that so reprehensible. I have no words to describe it. The Holocaust. I mean, they finally got this guy off the ear. You know. They finally got him. Even they had enough sense to get him off the ear. And we're going to give him four hours of airtime to spew his hate. Oh, sure. He's another one of these, you know, the Holocaust didn't happen. Oh, no. You know, one of those, I don't want to towards him as mouth, but he's just obsessed. Oh. Well, you called it. Yeah. And I predicted I knew the first can think it him on. He'd put him on the ear and give him airtime. I just, I can't deal with it. I just can't deal with it. But anyway, I'm not having anything to do with the blockbuster thing. And if everybody wants to have a good time with that, I just don't believe in punishing business people over a nitpick. And that's basically what it is. Like I said, there aren't 15 people in this entire audience of this radio station who give a damn about last temptation to Christ. I mean, I don't, so it was nominated for Academy Award. So was Roger Rabbit. True. I don't want to see either one of them. To be able to both have the same social relevance. Okay, because they're both fairy tales. All right. And I just, I'm not going to, I don't like getting sucked into those things. Well, we first came over here. There was a thing going on with WOLD member. And it was some thing of O.O.O. was about Alice and Sandy working in their contracts renewed. All the other. And we got sucked into that whole thing. And it turned out not to be true. But him keep it on his show. How about exactly? Exactly. What's going to anybody who, you know, come in and eat our food except the newsroom. You know, we do our own lunch and they can eat their lunch. Is that, is that a good parallel? Yeah. By the way, after the break, I'm going to tell you the real story about the lunch while there's been a little nervousness in the newsroom. But after the break. Anyway, I want to tell you. Last night, for example, I stayed up till the wee hours of the morning watching the Montréal Los Angeles game in French from Canadian satellite. I saw the Dodger game or the Metz game. What you, I guess, just about anybody can see was on WOLR. But if it would have been on the sports channel, I would have seen that too. So the Cubs win over Atlanta on WGN. I didn't have to listen to the imitators in Atlanta. And the bottom line is so many of the sporting events that you love. You're going to get to see if you have your own. My, because Dorothy made a comment to me last Friday that she was going to be on vacation this week. And she said, I'm afraid the kids in the newsroom are going to be on the nation. And I said, don't worry about it. They're, you know, just fine. In fact, some of them are really fine. But so there's a memo up there, part of a memo where she says she's going to be on vacation and so forth. And what's going on, just all this says is feel free to get food from Neil, but keep socializing to a minimum. That's all. Well, I don't like that. I think there ought to be a lot of socializing, all depending on who we're talking about. But of course, Ross is not your type. Anyway. A lot of people talking about that by the way, you're the talk of the town. Right. No, I'm not joking. What are they? You are the talk of the town. Oh, come on. Even Fat Rich was like, oh, you've, yes, he was. I spoke to him last night. He was apoplectic. He was facing the floor. I bet you even watched some of the meds game last night. He must really be depressed by now. He was hysterically said, well, what he said, I thought there was a major announcement coming. I could not come out. Yeah, right. So Ross, well, there is. How about Roblo is he your type? No. Oh, because you got a whole bunch of, well, he's got all this Roblo information here. I thought we check it out first. That's nothing to do with me. What? I just want to have to do with the movie again. Yeah, I'm sure. I'll see that more like it. The Roblo tape tomorrow. That's more like a show. This Felipe Rivera, we need him like him rights. We need, and of course, I'm sure that within any day now, we'll be doing a show with the Ellis Rubin and a guy from the Navy. You know, any day that's coming up. Coming up on a train. Trust me, you can bet your lungs on it even even more of a locked in Northern Wolf. Wow. All right. Now, what's the Roblo thing here? Well, this is the new star June 6 star and it's got two pages of fascinating information about this tape. The headline is the sex capade, the Roblo film in sweet 28. How does this got 40 pages? Can I see the picture? Sure. One of those who can only look at pictures now, I'm not reading when I started doing this kind of show. I'm reading this to you. Um, low and princess Stephanie, we're hot and heavy. Oh, come on. When you people stop this already, would you cut the crap? Well, let me think you're fooling somebody. This is like Michael Jackson and what's your name? You know, with a fat butt, what's your name? Discuss this last week with the jeans. Oh, Brooke. Brooke Shields. This is the same. The same. Cause the right. Yes. It is. Get out of here. Roblo has a roving eye for a pretty girl, such as this beach beauty he met at the Can Film Festival. Just days before the sex video scandal broke. I see this is all part of it. It's working really. Oh, yeah. It's all part of a PR campaign to butcher up his image and because, you know, a lot of people are concerned. What is that? It's in people magazine? What is their conclusion? They say the verdict is still out probably. Oh, Rogers got people. See, he's everywhere. He's getting all this public. Oh, yeah. I don't know if he's going to be a good one. I don't know if he's going to be a good one. But I think he's more rich than Marlon Brando now. Yeah. Bring that all. Look at that. Rogers got tons of stuff on it. Good. We can look at the pictures. Go ahead. Even though he's not your type. He's. Anyway, it's. That was a very poor choice of words yesterday. You're really, um, you're really blue if I can see that. A video romping the buff gives heartbreaker Roblo a little too much Southern exposure. It says. Yes. Oh, I wonder, you did this. Well, we've got a whole bunch of them. They all thank you, Roger. They all tie in together. Oh, I know. Or do you want to have an exclusive? They're like the well-offer. Some things in here. Are you trying to be the well-offer's of W.I.O.D.? Now, look at this. Princess Stephanie. She's got an outfit here. She looks like a guy. I know. Did you see that? No, I don't know. What's your then he does? Other pictures, however, she's. Yeah. Looks the other way. Cphawn Hall. Wow. The Linda Carlio. Uh-huh. China Phillips. Now, look at, I want you to look at the shadow of that picture over there over here. Yeah. Doesn't it look like ET? It's a, uh, set as a look like a human. I mean, they've shadowed it out a little bit. You know, but it looks like ET. That isn't human. Maybe Rob is doing it with extra terrestrials. Is that possible? I think it's a lot more likely than this other story. Oh, man. They are really living in a dream world. This is accomplishing just a look at this. He may face felony charges, Rob could get 20 years. Hmm. And boy, I bet you they'd like him in prison a lot, you know. He might be right at all. I don't know. See how do I really care, you know? Do you care? No. I don't care. Of course not. Do you care? No. Okay. Hold on. No. You're not going to worry. No. Okay. Let's take this call from plantation because it's about blockbuster. So, and they hung up. Well, they obviously cared a lot. I was going to get them on first because I just saw it on the screen. And they were going to talk about something that I mentioned here. Moments ago. But because we took at least two minutes about Rob, it was just more than they could handle. Is that I'm calling back? No. Well, screw them. Okay. It must be one of those people who cut up their car. It's save your car. It's okay. I don't want anything to do with it. I don't. You know, when you go on the air and you do something that can ruin somebody's business, you know? Yeah. Just a nitpicking over one. I, you know, I do agree with part of the principle. And it's always the lunatic right that's, you know, dictating what we can see and what we can read. And at the rest of the so-called mainstream sits back quietly. But it's not like there's some big semis over this. Okay. You know what I'm saying? It's not like there are people scuring at the door to see the last temptation of Christ, which was not exactly what you call a blockbuster movie. If I can say that. Oh, here's a mobile about it. Hello. Hi, Neil. You know, the thing is that blockbuster video like other disseminators of free information have responsibility that a public to provide the information that's available. And if they, if they give in to any sort of a special interest. You didn't listen to what I said. They're allowing all their franchises to carry it or not. Period is the case. They're not allowing it. They just, they have to allow them to do it because they're because they're franchisees. These people own their own stores. They can't stop them from carrying that. Sir, you're out of your mind. Okay. Because any company can set their own rules. It's like the fast food, the outfits. There are plenty of independently on ones, but they can't put different items on a menu or just do their own thing. They're all governed by company guidelines. So don't tell me, you know, a song in a dance. But a lot of, but they can sell their own thing if they want to just run and doesn't compete. Or directly in her fear with the menu that same it dialed to us. They can't sell somebody else's hamburgers. There are another type of french fries. But they can put other, you know, train it out there in order to say. No, they can't. They're wrong. You're absolutely wrong. All of that stuff comes direct from the company. Okay. It's all made by the company. Well, they can. I'm depending on the frantic. Well, so this is the world according to you making it up as you go along. I guess, you know, I mean, what kind of a conversation could I have with a guy who just makes it up as he goes along? I'm telling you. I guess they're going to start. They're going to start carrying Wendy's at McDonald's now. You know, I mean, I don't know what you're talking about. The bottom line is that it's not a majored semester. A lot of these independent stores that are going to carry it. And if people start carrying a tearing up their blockbuster card, it's going to hurt people at heart part of this thing that you are all upset about. Sir, I don't want to talk to you. I mean, I'll talk to people. I want to be reasonable about it. I'm not going to change my mind again. Okay. I must have been a, we must have been a heat in here yesterday. They're the cause meeting. Even so easily. Yeah. It's a 24 past 10 at WIT. Let's talk about charhaut. Now it's an excellent time because I just mentioned that. Oh, it is a perfect time. Because the charhaut, they really do it their way in your way. The night after the Roblo party, the two redheads came back into club all bubbly and smiling and very pleased with themselves. One told me we went back up to Rob's room, Rob set up his video camera. And he told us what he wanted us to do. But Rob made a fatal mistake. He allowed the two women to call a friend, the girl who turned up with a guy was a young teenager. She turned up with a guy. Doesn't that sound as you read more of this, doesn't it sound much more realistic? Just something here that's missing. Okay. Something that doesn't meet the eye. And a guy turned out to be a David Cassidy Jr. Anyway, it's 1028 at WIOD. We got a, uh, cubs call. We better get this out of the way so you don't get upset. Hello. Anyhow you're doing great. I'm not really a cubs fan by the whiskey every day. So I kind of start to follow him a little bit more and more. And I thought they were on different ways. How about that Greg Manick's boy. He served pitch to, he didn't have his best stuff last night. But he pitched a great game. He did, he did. But the play I was amazed that was when Dunson was a second and Maddick's popped it up. Yeah. That's Dunston. And Dunson ran all the way to third. I was saying, I was Sean Dunson on the sign over half is checked. It done Zimmer. You know, whenever they get paid every week or every month. He had a sign of it over to Zimmer because Zimmer's given him more chance. They got this kid to Mingo Ramos. He's not really a kid who's played great. Every chance he's gotten he hits the ball. And he's still working hard to get a good kick from the coach. He's been a good player in the league. And they keep insisting on Dunston Manick's guy. He'll never hit over 200 again. He'll never see 200. And I don't think he's going to steal out of bases. He gets picked off or he gets makes some, you know, he stretched the single into a double and everybody's all excited. Then I'm the great next guy's up Maddick's pops out. He gets doubled off second base. I never saw a second base man. Pick off the runner who was a good guy. Did you see, did you see the pitch he struck out on his last time. It's bad even Harry was apoplectic. Harry was doing a tap dance in the booth. And I'm going to try and get a little bit of a kick. But I'll see you don't have your satellite dish. But so you got a settle for those fakers. That last pick he struck at that ball, arm of within his eyes. And he's all. When I don't knock me, boy, you sure. Don't knock me, boy, you sure. Don't knock me, you know, mid to Williams. He's taking 10 years off my life, but he gets a job done. Let's not get too intensive here because somebody's pounding already. He's early. He's hostile. He's hysterical. Can we get away from sports stock for a minute? Well, the Roblo is going to be on the team. I mean, if that's, oh, okay. There he goes again. He's really, really well. Comes a lot of good looking guys on the team. They're just not his type. Have a great day. How are you doing? Even more grace. I don't know who that is. Well, see it, chance. It's a learning experience. Oh, you're broadening your horizon. Oh, no. It's 10 30 at WIOD. Okay. Now, let's get back to the Roblo thing. Because you obviously got some heavy duty stuff over there. Well, I'm going to make even give you just to make one for the in temperate remarks of this last caller. Listen, if all your friends, yeah, exactly. All you can do is call the show and say, hey, you know, how about them cut? Amy, please, not today. Can we have like one day off from there? Oh, in other words, it would be better if they call say, How about Phoebe's boobs? Are they been around? No. I mean, that's because I think either way. Look at him. In both cases. If that's all you can do. Would you please get a lot of Phoebe's plates played on the cup? How about if you was the back girl? Don't let's a serious question. If Phoebe's case could get the job as back girl on the cups. Would you take a little more interest? I realize it's just, it's strictly hypothetical. But again, we talked about Roblo and women here. So, you know, it's a fantasy show. Seriously, if Phoebe's case was scantily clad as the ball girl. You know, teams have ball boys and ball girls. The hurricanes have got ball girls. They do. They're out there in Omaha. Believe it or not, I hope they got a lot of shaperones too. Seriously, they got ball girls. If you could be on the cups, would you take a little bit more interest? If she was on anything. Okay. So the answer is, yes. Well, there you go. I'm going to call Jim Fry, this afternoon, elevated Atlanta. The general manager. And I'm going to tell him to sign up Phoebe's paper. The ball girl, we can have a whole new core of cupspan. Yeah, well, you would. Yeah, and she'd like hanging around with Mark Grace and Ryan Sandberg, and Maddox and Bollucky and Damon Berryhill and Hoy. You talk very far, show. Talk about hype, but this almost needs a fine. We got a good look at that guy's on our team. Okay. And even now that he shaved that beard off, Mitch Williams looks almost human too. Okay. Now that he shaved that schmutzaw. So anyway, getting back to your, now which magazine of you, Gus? You got the star, Roger gave me, is this the inquire? Yeah, the inquire and the people. Well, I would, if you and it's in people magazine, you know it's going to be true. I would like to compare the stories, because the star gives the story of what happened also. Now this happened at the National, the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta. Okay. Last summer, the girl now 17 told a French. She met low late one night at the bar of the trendy Rio club. A hot night spot frequented by politicians, lawyers and local, I just turned out now the baby and by the way, he's on the whole. Okay. She told her friend, I was pretty drunk by then. His friend asked me, you know Roblo the actor, he likes you and he'd like you to join him. How about it? I had no objections. And so I said, sure, he led me back to the booth and introduced me to Rob. He was charming. We had a lot more drinks and did X to C, a sex stimulant. We were all having a lot of fun laughing, joking getting high, finally Rob asked me back to a hotel, must have been early in the morning by then. I told him I was a lesbian and that my girlfriend was at the bar, could I bring her along? Oh my God. He told me to go and get her. The owner of the club, Joanne Fernandez, says, low was in the club during the Democratic Convention and one night he left with two women, I don't know who they were. Low had been at the club on a previous occasion and I easily recognized him. The friend claims that the girl said the party finally went back to the Hilton Hotel where low had booked sweet 2844, which cost $650 a night. When we got to the sweet Rob showed us some video tape of himself making love with lots of female Hollywood stars the girl later told her friend. I can't remember who they were, but their faces were familiar. One woman I remember recognizing was Bridget Nielsen. Rob told us he had a whole library of videos of him and bed with famous women. He certainly had quite a few in the suite. After the video showing the two girls, but they all had their clothes on, alright? After the video showing comma, the two girls were encouraged to undress and get into the king-sized bed together. In the audio video tape made and later viewed by the Fulton County District Attorney and all the major TV networks, the two women are seen making lesbian loud. Low is clearly seen naked and heard in scene at one time approaching the girls and directing them and carrying out lesbian acts. The camera was the type with stuck the video automatically. There is no doubt it shows actor Rob Low's as Citric Attorney Lewis Slighten, who refuses to identify the women involved because one was a juvenile at the time. The girl told her friend the Orgy Lastic until they fell asleep, but she and the other girl got up. Low wasn't there. The girl saw the tape which they knew had been taken the previous evening and decided to take it with him. The 16-year-old and hid the tape in the bedroom of the home which she shared with her divorce mother and marry at a Georgia. The girl's friends had the mother had been suspicious of her daughter's relationship with other girls. She searched the daughter's bedroom and found the video tape. She was appalled when she saw its condos. The tape was shown to various people to see if she could take legal action against Low. It is believed that someone copied the tape. Now at one point, it was shown for a month at Stagnites at a very upper class country club near Atlanta. The new choir is the video of Roblo and the women is a big hit around Atlanta. It's at a police source. Yes. Besides Rob's scandalous sexual life sports the tape also shows him listening to this walking around the room drinking beer and sharing a cigarette with a woman in bed. Wow. That is shocking. That is really heavy-do-y. That is a story. The inside story. I don't think I am ever going to be the same. It is 1036 at WIOD and Steve is doing a whole show on that tomorrow. Yeah. And he is going to have the sister of ET in the studio. Look at that picture. That is going to be ET. Not a human form. Not a human form. It is true. Anyway, I want to tell you about new sister. I think that is a great story. So that covers the Roblo thing pretty well. I guess lunch today. I think I hate, I don't like to be presumptuous. Because I know these people have got a life. And they have got a lot of work to do with all these different places. But I am going to move for Royal Castle burgers today. I know that WI and Arnold was just here on Monday with his lovely wife and he brought tons of food. But I was sick as a dog. I didn't eat a bite. Yeah. Now you know I was sick if I didn't touch those. Yeah. Because boy, those are just, I got to say, between the Italian sausage and char-hut, which is my favorite over there. And the little cheese burgers that were a castle that is a tie. That is not a cop-up, but I just love them both. Anyway, so that would be my choice. If of course they could fight it. I mean, they are up there on 125th and Northwest 7th. That is not very far. No, not too bad. It is like 26 blocks. Plus over the car, I mean, I don't want to make it sound like I am pushy or anything like that. Because they have been very, very nice to us. Yeah. But I am Jones and for those little cheese burgers and of course Todd is probably going to be in the newsroom today. And you know him, that is about as much as he can deal with. What? Three-fabying. What? He is on again? Don't you take no for an answer? No. Don't you understand we don't want to talk to you? No? And don't take it personally. We just, it is not your day. Now tomorrow is the first of a new month. We have let on the first of each month we let anybody call all the cronics. Can't you wait till tomorrow? Can't you control yourself? No, I am just too much of an eat. Can't you find something constructive to do? Aren't you not working? I am not working. You are what? I am working. Yeah, I believe that. But I am over here. Maybe if you release it, you will feel better. Maybe the blood is rushing to your head or something. Hey, you know, I went over the pentacola for... And in other words, you are just going to go right on ahead. You are not listening to me. I am trying to be reasonable with you. I did not hang up on you again yet. Yeah. And... Baby, what do you want? Well, I just called to say hi. You know? How are you doing? I am doing it. Well, good. See you. All right. Is that it? No. Well, what happened about going to Pensacola? I was over there. I was going to get an e-m station. There is nothing open there. Well, Captain Dave used to be up in that area. So I think that says it all, isn't it? I guess pretty much so. Yeah. Is that it? Oh, yeah. Well, that's good. See, I let you get that out of your system. You feel better now? Yeah, well, thanks a lot, Neil. Okay, put it away, Fabian. See, he is something. Well, he just said that. Let's set on the bat line. Is that for us? I can nervous when I see their hand line. Oh, it's for you. Oh, it's another one. It's probably Rebecca Paul. 1042 W. W. Y. O. D. And if you want to call in and argue with me about the blockbuster thing, you're going to waste your time. I mean, go ahead. If you want to, but that other guy just didn't want to listen to me. I don't like hurting people who aren't responsible. In other words, the basic premise I agree with, but there are a lot of the individual people who are not making that choice. And they're going to get hurt too. Believe me. Because the people who dummy's out in the audience, they're not going to look at their cards. Oh, well, I don't know if this story is a franchise owned or if it's independently, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. They're not going to do that. They're just going to like a bunch of little lot of tomatons on there. They're going to cut up their cards and sentiment because they think that they're really making some kind of a statement. And I just don't like doing those things. I mean, I've run plenty of campaigns in my time, but I would prefer to do it when there's really a need for it. I don't see any desperate need to try to put these people out of business, you know? Oh, boy, does that look good? Look at that. Texts makes meatloaf. There's a, it's a velveter recipe in this magazine and his paper in the, on the left. Yeah. The neck look good in the meatloaf with the cheese. Yeah. Looks great. Chives. Oh, boy, does that look good, huh? Put onion in parsley. Maybe my mother would make that next way. She wouldn't make something like that because I mean, she makes everything great. Don't get me wrong, but she just wouldn't do that. Meatloaf with velveter Mexican processed cheese spread melted on top of it. Oh, boy, does that look good? Now I'm really going nuts. Then that look good? It does look good. Looks damn good because it's getting close to lunchtime, too. It's already 1043. Okay, let's, here's another, I'm taking these out of order because I want to see if there's anybody who really is paying any attention to what we're talking about. It's a Robloaf call on, too. Hello. Neil. Yeah. From time listener's first time car, how you doing? Okay. Hey, he's still living at Atlanta. And you do Robloaf used to date at the time of the Democratic Convention up there? Andrew McCarthy. No. Ted Turner's daughter. Wow. Yeah, there was a lot of stuff going on up there about that. Boy, oh, boy. How old is she, about 10? She's about 28. Oh, 28. Yeah. That's a little old for Rob, isn't it? Yeah, he was way out of his league. Yeah. Hey, the guy called yesterday about called her, the fourth floor. Mm-hmm. Wait till you go up there and see you up, please. I'm going this weekend. It's incredible. I mean, it looks like Caesar's power. Really? Yeah. You'll be amazed. I'm going to go see Mickey and Martha and just have a wonderful time up there. That's great. Well, if I see up there, I'll stop you and the parents say hi to my friend Jimmy at the ice cream stand down there downstairs. He's a great guy. Jimmy's a terrific guy. Yeah. Well, enjoy your show and you guys do a great job. Thanks a lot. So he was dating. He dates all these very important people. Mm-hmm. So to speak. So maybe the bottom line is Rob is a lot butcher than we thought, right? It's not unlikely, but he's certainly having a tremendous effect. You know, he's convincing. No, you think he's going to jail? Yeah. No. I think we could take up an office pool on that and we wouldn't get anybody putting in money on the go to jail side. Mm-hmm. I just have my dance. Now, for would have been like Joe Schmerell, Joe Schmendrick in Atlanta, who had sex with a minor, you know, and made video to nothing. He'd be, he'd have a battery of lawyers already and he'd be up against the wall. He'd probably go to jail for like 15 years, you know. But I just have a feeling that Rob, in fact, he'll probably go, what was the Roman Philanzky? The country? He'll probably go back to France with Roman Philanzky and a two of them will go out there looking for 12 year olds or something. Poets. But, for $10.45 at WIOD, we have an opening in date and one in Broward. I guess we're getting a little bit too heavy duty for our very intellectual audience. There we got a couple of open lines now. I guess we usually don't have topics on the show. We usually try to avoid that very assiduously. Not a little bit. And if you don't understand that word, I'll be glad to spell it for you later. And you could look it up in your little Don Webb dictionary. Okay. Anyway, what a great day to be out on the water, huh? Man, if I had, I'm thinking about getting a boat from Boats, or us when I was down there when we were down there that day. I took a look around at a boat. I don't like looking too hard because you know, I have no sales recesses. I don't know where a couple of boats, not the real big ones. It's 10 to 11 at WIOD. We got this very important Roblo Mobile call here. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I was a delegate to the Democratic Convention. And the first weekend I stayed at the Hilton. And all the big shots were staying up on the 28th floor. It was a security floor. The lobby was a full of young girls waiting to see the celebrities. They found a and were killed well for there. I haven't seen them, but I had to move up to Dunwoody for it. That's for the four to delegation was housed on two of these. I'm fortunate to see what's in the back when they had all the exciting events going on. I have found you a wonderful house in the Grove. Yeah, good luck to you. Those are that Campbell. Yeah. Get on the same street where I could friend Freddie Lips. Remember Freddie from these two to your rest of this? I sure do. And I have to sort of cover a couple of, figure you can get a couple of stoodles or something like that. Yeah, that's just what I need. So I thought you like to hear about that. And down here in South St. There's self Miami campaigning. And I said, get it before all of the coos they're calling tomorrow. Tomorrow. Didn't that do you in first? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, we had you on a list. I was an Asian provoca tour the last night. Yeah, something like that. Well, just remember Jack, what goes around. See you later. Okay. 10. 51 at W.I.O.D. And it says here she's a 16 year old sophomore student at Lanceter High School. Oh, he's a name for that. She's gone to club Rio several times yourself. But she gets an easily because she looks much older than 16. And you have to be 21 again to that club because they serve booze. And she had a fake ID. Yeah. So I think that they're going to be submitting circumstances because she passed herself off as being 21. Yeah. Okay. And she was there. In other words, nobody dragged her in there. She was there for all in volition passing herself off as being older. I don't know what the loss is. Well, in the star article, it says that Rob regularly picks up girls at Beverly Hills High School, where he goes to Georgia. Oh, Jimel students lead their phone numbers on the windshield of his 928S Porsche. The seniors, of course. Of course. Anyway, it says here around 2 a.m. Rob called the manager of the club and told him my friends and I are hungry. We need some food. The manager told him the club doesn't serve food, but Rob shouted we want pizza. Get us some damn pizza. Yeah. The manager gave in and later told me if it wasn't low, I would have booted him out of the street. I was here and we had bacon for both. What was that? He was working for Bush. He was the president on this. We're in tech. And in land according to Roger here, the word is that the video is going for 500 to a thousand dollars. Yeah, that's been on the TV news. Yeah, I saw that on the news. Now, do you think they're going to be carrying this at Blockbuster? I want to create a, you think that would pacify Steve and see what call office attack if they carry this video like Blockbuster? I think that might do it. Okay, well, if that's what it takes. 1053 at Wild, my amy. Hello. Yeah. About this Blockbuster video that Steve can is promoting. I think my personal opinion is the only reason why he's doing this is because he has no material whatsoever. And he has to stoop his low. Well, I'll turn this into a personal attack and see, even though that's probably true. But let's not, you know, go overboard. I just, I just, I don't like getting sucked into somebody else's. That's a one thing about Steve that's still, we get along pretty well, but it still irritates me is he loves being the Ojo provacitor who stirs the pot and it likes to drag everybody else to jump into the cauldron with him, you know. Right, but the thing is, I mean, he probably doesn't even care about it, but he's acting like he does just a promoted chef. Well, it's a cost seller brain. I mean, you know, more than he did was a great team. That's he. He can't probably go down to my mineral, aeroport spray paint swath because on a face. Oh, he's going to have Felipe Rivera do that. That's a new one. Okay, sir. All right. Thanks a lot. Obviously a big Steve came for you. Yeah. We have an open line in date. What a brown and what a bokeh. So the Roblo our here is really generated in credible excitement. They fever pitch is just building out their men. They're bubbling. They are bubbling. I'm sure. Boca, 278 W.I.O.D. So we don't want to talk too loud. You know, we don't want to wake him up. So what's the verdict of a lunch? I think we're getting any lunch? No. What does that mean? No. I mean, he's sitting in here who's been fed more free food in the last seven months. And Carter's got pills. And he has no confidence in us. Okay. Somebody will do something. I mean, I don't want to press Mr. Arnold down there because he there's such wonderful people. And they brought us enough of those cancel burgers to choke the whole barnery at the end of the day. Well, I don't know. Oh, he's not in today. Well, I guess so that takes care of that. So we're out to lunch on that. So to speak is a little plan. Words are. So I guess we're not getting fed today. That's alright. We'll survive. That's right. We will. Yeah. Well, see. I would have been all right. But then I saw the picture. Oh, man. I look good. Yeah, I see. That's what it is. No, I'm serious. I mean, low-fizzic kind of thing. I like once in a while. So real go-y is your kind of a thing. But I like it once in a great while if it's spicy and if it's got something need on it. I mean, if it's not that hard to be. And that had that Mexican cheese on it. Oh, man, it doesn't look good. I'm trying to find out how it is. Rob low crap, okay. See, he's one of those people. You really don't care. I'm sure that there are a lot of people in the audience who care because they live these by curious lives and you're all excited about people that they're never going to meet. Never going to see. You, of course, on the other hand, having been a very, very famous movie critic. You used to rub elbows. One of these people. Nothing else, but elbow. That's correct. Because, of course, he hasn't watched his elbows in many years. He wants rub elbows with AJ do it at the SNS cafeteria. Several times. West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, how you doing? Great. I just figured out, I might as well tell you that I want to start by saying that I'm not really from West Palm Beach. My girlfriend is up here. Okay, we won't blame it on you. Okay, thanks. Just like being a creative assistant, did you come up and hang it out here for the pack a couple hours? Then it's really nice and nightmare time. Yeah, even just being there a couple hours is enough to turn your life upside down. You're not getting that one. I'm going to end off the Rob low hour with a very special report for you. How much did you say that the video was going for? 500 to a grand. Okay, I have to video. You do? If anybody over there wants it, I have like the complaints. Who are actually talking about 20 minutes? I got about 20 minutes of the video. Let me tell you, if you take a look at this video, like anyone who sees it, will have to be convinced that Rob low is going to get off because well. Wait a minute, that's a plan. I think that was the idea, wasn't it? Basically, no, but you have to see it because there is no way that this 16 year old girl was this nice and modest and little innocent girl who got to do it by Rob. Some of the things that she says to him in the video are well. Shocked. Shocked. How are we going to get this? In other words, you're going to sell it to us? No, you wanted to. You really wanted to be open to buy. Oh my god, that would be incredible. I have no point. I don't give it to King. Okay, I want this because if King gets it, I'm going to be up. So he's probably got his own already, but I want it. Okay, just of course for only four scholastic purposes. Okay, just so we can study it for on a year to be off. Yeah. That's moving. I can't. In fact, we can probably all get together in Disney's office and watch it on his VCR and and then we'll team you. Just strictly journalistic. Yeah, that's the reason why I got it. My father's a journalist. Yeah. I sort of, I guess I quite did with his the good word. Fabulous. Well, look forward to it. When are you going to bring it by? Well, let's see. I'm like I said, I'm in Palm Beach at 9. If I can get down there today, I will definitely drop it off today. If not, I promise you you'll have it before King does. Great. Thanks for Melion. Okay, take it easy. Fine. I mean, it's not like we're in competition with Steve on that, but I just don't want anybody else to be building get their grubby hands on it. Now listen to this. There's a word in here, which is amazing. It says the inquire has obtained a portion of the video, which shows low performing shocking acts with a female. Another man looks on really. Now, I don't understand. Interesting. For a former shocking acts with a female. Interesting choice of words. Yeah. Isn't it? What does that mean? Yeah, I'm not exactly shocking. Yeah. In other words, not just because the inquire, it would take a lot of the shock. Yeah, it would take a lot of the shock. You're really about to get your old boy that's had his second baby and the other baby. You think it would take quite a bit to shock these little black animals. But it says it shows low performing shocking acts with a female while another man looks on. Huh. Boy, it just sounds a little bit bizarre, don't they? Yeah. Well, you see, actually, what happened? It's a pressure that do caucus campaign. That's what he was out there on that train with Michael Dukakis and waving and the smiling and really believing that something was going to happen. And then his bubble burst and he just never been the same thing. I want you to do caucus with draw. Anyway, we have an open line in Broward and one in Palm Beach for the big 11 o'clock hour. We're not going to eat today. So it turns into a real bummer again. And then I thought it was going to be a great day. I really just, I never learned my lesson to. Anyway, Henry Burrow's got the 11 o'clock Wiod news. We're going to come back at 11 o'clock. 5 and Steve this afternoon. Boy, do I have to promo this? No. Fire conservative Cuban radio commentator and famed anti-semite. The leaping river for a whole will be on the cane show from 2 to 6 this afternoon. New stock radio 610 Wiod presents Neil Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WiodDN Day. 524 WiodDN Broward or 655 and 278 WiodD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neil Rogers. On New stock radio 610 WiodDN. I'm not even right cut. It's 11 o'clock WiodDN. I'm not even right cut. It's 11 o'clock WiodDN. There's a lot of pressure building here today. There's a lot of pressure. True. Now this is incredible. Fulton County. I'm so choked up about this. Fulton County District Attorney Lewis Slateon says that low has been the focus of a criminal investigation for weeks. All of the age of consent in Georgia is 14. Wow. He could face the prosecution under the law that prohibits the use of anyone under 18 in a pornographic movie. Age of consent in Atlanta. Oh, Andy and News on on conversion of the tape of Channel 7. Really? And. How was it? And that's he doesn't have any comment. Well, why doesn't Andy come in here in Filipino, okay? When that people leave from our news department. Well, our news people are right on top of these obviously. So to speak. I didn't get him. We got three open lines. By the way, all of us said we were doing just great. All of a sudden, I guess too much of this. It deals too much with the subject. Doesn't it? Oh, yeah. And we don't want to take this way. Just Steve's doing a whole show on it tomorrow. So don't get the idea that we're going to talk about Rob Lowe for four hours. Or he's busy and he'll be insure. Well, excuse us. Okay. It's like lunchtime now. You know, when the food gets here, we tell them, you can come in now and then they come like sheepishly. Whenever they feel like it. But I don't think they're going to have that problem. Because I think we're getting shine totally. This could be the first day in weeks. But we don't have like a particle of food coming. Isn't it? First day in a long time. Well, I think I could be wrong. Since the day since the day after my birthday, probably we didn't eat today. Oh, yeah. But there was a reason for that. Yeah. Palm Beach is open 655 WIOD. I just mentioned that in passing. I know it's pretty ridiculous. A Boko call about blockbuster is hello. Hi, now. Yeah. I agree that you don't want to hurt the franchise. But up here in Boko, there's three blockbuster videos in our corporate stores. Everybody up here can cut their garden half. Okay. I'm talking about missing the point. Yeah. Boy. So ridiculous, you know. I don't like it. No, I really don't. I don't like the whole idea. It's just so arbitrary and just can do so much damage. If they, I'm not going to get into it. Because if we do that, then I'm going to do a whole show on it. And I don't do that kind of show anymore. Okay. Thank God. I just, you know, Steve wants to do that. He's got his right. Of course, more power to him. Let him do his thing. Let him run his own campaign. I don't want to get sucked in on anybody else's campaigns anymore. Okay. I'm not doing campaigns. Unless it's something that I really feel strongly about. Yeah. In fact, it seems to me that every time in all the years that I've been in this market in Seasmaner, every time that I've done a campaign, whether it was Sabar, Saut Florida, or anything that was accused by him and others of being a bigot. And I was doing it, you know, for all these other sinister purposes, which I was not. And I think history bears me out very well to see the tracks that have been left by the way the Mary-El-Volk lift was handled for example. And a lot of other things that have gone on in this town. But now all of a sudden, I'm over here. You know, there's this attempt to just, it's like, Norm Kent with his rotisserie base. Norm, you're a wonderful guy. But if you want to continue behaving, you know, in your baseball life, like a five year old child, that's fine. I mean, that's great. So I just watch the games because I enjoy them, you know, because I'm a cubspan. I love the game. And I just have a good time. I don't have to have a bed on a game. I don't have to have some financial interest. I don't have to take, you know, die gel after the game. Just a game. That's why they call on that. Isn't that he sent me a letter? Did I say this up there? Yeah, sent me a letter a few days ago about how they inviting me. They have a team open in the rotisserie league. And it's only 130 bucks and the on and on and on. It was shocking. It was more shocking than Roblo. Whoa. Really? Yeah. Well, we have both the Palm Beach lines open. This is getting me really peeled, you know. We were off to a pretty good start. Seems like we got Monday out of the way yesterday. And Palm Beach now is crap. I guess this is as far as we can go on this show with a discussion of any substance. Okay. Other than dying over here. That that's about what we can do. Okay. Why don't we admit it? All right. Steve, you shouldn't feel bad because this audience can't deal with anything. Even semi intellectual anyway. All they dying over here. That's the best they can do. Okay. That's all our colors. Could have speaking of dying over here. What do you want Spencer? It's Spencer. Yeah. That's a little bit something girl. Tasty. I got it. I got it. Like the one who's shining. Kind of like glass. Yeah. Well, that's good. It better be shining like glass. You're going to have a shine and ass. Okay. Spencer. No, don't beat him up. Please don't hit him. My friend. I love you. No, you're checking out personally because I know it couldn't have been you that did it two weeks ago. I'm a woman. That's what I was talking about. Oh, did you? Yeah. For the first time in years. You've been talking about, I'm talking about. I'm talking about the glasses. Yeah. Let them know. Yeah. Spencer is here today and it's his last day of the May. Last Wednesday of May. And the last day for that $30 special. If you're in the building and you want your car washed and waxed. If you want a good hoax job from Spencer. It's 30 bucks. Okay. 30 bucks. Yeah. I think it was an accurate way to put it. So the vet is looking really good. No smear. No smuts. You sure now. You check it out. All those bugs are gone now. Yeah. Well, that was. You let me down Spencer. That's the first time ever. Oh, you're up. Yeah. You're going to hold me up. You're my friend. Yeah, I bet. Okay, Spencer. Thanks a lot. Okay. We'll see you around the old barn. Say goodbye to our friends at Zeta. Okay. Okay. Is there going to be leaving real soon? It's 12 minutes after 11 at WILD. We have it opening in Boka at 2789463278WILD. These points should be blazing today. They should be blazing. No, I said get out of here. Spencer. Get out. Man. Man. All of this. He's almost as bad as the guy that called you and invited him. So I'm on vacation. He's a serious. He's right in the running there. So anyway, in the last two days, we've discovered some really amazing things. We've found out that Ross is not the bird's type and we've found out that Roblo perform shocking acts. Now, you put those two things. Are they really useful? Well, I don't really. But they're just overpowering. I'm more e-puppac may come to town. He may just come to town to cover all of this. Anyway, it's 11. 12. I think I said that at WILD will be right back. This is deemed for the East Coast Fisheries restaurant and market. More than just a restaurant. The East Coast Fisheries are commercial fishers. They have a fleet of 38 boats that go out every night and come. We're going to the most popular country. Based on facts, we're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. We're getting old. I think I'll just... Don't get mad in the face. The face is silly. That's the nature in my opinion. Talk about you. Generation. Generation. Generation. Generation baby. Generation. What's your name? My name is my name. It just goes on. On. I'm much with you all. I'm the P. I can't get rid of anything. Wish we could hear what we are. Tell me about your future. When you're born, I can't get away from you. Talk about you. Generation. It's been generation. It's been generation baby. I'm much with you all. I'm much with you all. Generation. Generation. Generation. Generation. Generation. Generation. What's every quarter in sunrise? Is it over? It's finally over. Love it's shocking. Anyway, it's as a lowest first movie in two years. I run a call bad influence. It's a good story between the summer. Oh boy, talk about a hype job. Well, anyway, I guess this puts to rest all those ugly rumors about Rob being not even as butcher sell menu. I guess he turns out to be a real, viral, all American red blooded guy. A surprise. Yeah. So he's okay and everybody's book now, huh? Yeah. Even though he's having sex with minors, he's okay. Let's see, royal castles later. What does that mean? What kind of a message is that? Royal castle with an L. Soon. Oh, they're coming with food? Oh my god, how do you like that? Really? Isn't that incredible? Probably their day off. They're open 365 days a year. They work 24 hours a day. They're even open on holidays. And the Arnolds have probably dragged themselves off the floor. Because they work so hard to schlep over or send over a bunch of those great little Royal castle, but incredible. You're a man. Oh god. Well listen, you know what? A big real hard. Although it doesn't always work. 19 past 11. And so what's your bag for it? My amy. Hello. How are you doing? Great. I got a question. And you are not in competition with Steve to see. You can go back to most of the video card. What? Okay. Steve came with a yesterday year in competition with him to collect video card. For blockbuster, right? No. I'm not. I've dropped out, sir. I want anything to do with it. So that means you don't want my blockbuster video card. Correct. Keep it. No, send it to from Oklahoma City. Right. You don't want that, right? No. Okay. And I've been listening to Steve came the best of on Sundays. Yeah. And I'm wondering, is there any chance that we're going to hear Stan and boom from on that? Unlikely. Unlikely? Yeah. And I have one more. It's I heard a rumor that someone fun to video with Rob low river scenics and Marty. Is that true? I think that's more likely. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. Boy, that's your bread deck. I got out of Oklahoma City. Twenty passed 11 at WIOD. We have a, that must be one of those head refubics that Stan used to talk about. You ever hear that line of his, all those head refubics? Yeah. Anybody who did like Stan show was a head refolder. Which I'm not sure I know what that is, but you know Stan. Stan's got a wild imagination. And in fact, we don't know who the other guy was who came in and watched all of this. Okay. Who observed? That's right. So just keep an open mind on that. So anyway, the guy from, well, he's not from West Palm. If I say that, it'll change his mind. A guy who was like a captive up in West Palm with his girlfriend. Is bringing that tape. Twenty minutes of it. I think that should be enough. Shouldn't it? Oh, I think about double. Shive. See, I'm reading that. And I know they used that word just to titulate their reader. And it shows low performing shocking acts with a female. Another man looks on. I just don't understand that. What does that mean? Like is he burning cigarette holes into a flesh? I don't, maybe I'm just too jaded over the years. I don't know what sex that could be shocking to you. I can't think of it. No. But I'm sure if anybody could rob can. Okay. Maybe too many movies with Andrew McCarthy. Is that possible? That could do it to you. It's a 21 past 11 at WIOD. Once we have the evidence. So, in fact, what we could do, we could steal Disney's VCR. We could bring it in here and hook it up to the little TV. And we could screen it on the air and watch it together. And of course, we'd have to be very careful about what we did. You know, how we do it play by play. Boy, Gary has won in his office too. Oh, but better yet. We still won't want to steal Disney's because he gets real uptight. Gary has won. Still boy, Gary's because he's never here anyway. Like one day when they're out playing golf like you. And they're going to go to the end. Can you believe it? These douchebags, they take off a three and a half day. They all leave like midday on Friday. Get out as early as they can. They got three stick and solid days while we're sitting here, sweating. Our brains out with no AC. And then they come back for one day. And out of the day, they got their golf clothes on. Like they're going out to play golf all day. Okay. Well, probably a real heavy. A lot of power meetings yesterday. Now power breakfast. Oh, man. I'm telling you. It's pathetic. And to think that these, these people like control our destiny. They control our lives. You know what they do? I think boom boom is radio incarnate. Don't you? He's like the definitive radio beat up douchebag. Yeah. He's not not boom boom. Okay. He didn't always used to be that way. It's 22 past 11 at WIOD Toyota of Hollywood. We're going to be back there. Stephen, I, in fact, I'll tell you what. We're going to be there on the 24th of June. That's, um, this week's the 3rd. So it's like 3 10, 73 weeks from Saturday. Right. On June 24th at Toyota of Hollywood where we are every 5, 6, 7 weeks we go back. And you're going to be there to this time. Whether they know it or not. You're going to be a part of that. Oh. Oh, yes. And anyway, they're going to have those great deals. And if I, we got some surprises coming up, which we can't tell you about yet, but we're going to have all kinds of great prizes to give away. I mean, some really not, you know, we're not going to be selling Neil Rogers T-shirts anymore. We're going to be giving some really good stuff away. And to hope to really get a big crowd out there. And, um, in addition, people can bring their cut-up cards to Steve. And then they can come over to me and they can, I'll paste them together. Oh, I was that's it. Well, anyway, now is the time to buy. I don't have to wait till the 24th because the dog days of summer are really here. I mean, everybody's in the doldrums and people are just not buying cars. And as a result, they are slashing. He among you some months off the prices on a great selection of beautiful 89 Toyota's that you already know by now. I hope that they've got waiting for you over there. So if you've been shopping around or thinking about a camera for the family or a Toyota's super or an MR2 for the little stuff. Or an MR2 for the little sports car, whatever whichever the Toyota's you want or Toyota pickup truck, which is rated by the way, number one in the country by motor trend magazine. Now is the time to buy. Great factory rebates tremendous deals. And of course, the same nice knowledgeable salespeople that you always do business with at Toyota of Hollywood on a 440, 1B, 2A in Sherevan streets, of course, in Hollywood. We'll ride you through the triple crown. 610 WIOD is a conduit brought you the Kentucky Derby and the Freakness on Saturday, June 10th. It's the Belmont Sticks and 610 WIOD will again be there to bring you the excitement. Raise the knouts and Dave Johnson will be in the booth for the call and coverage begins at 5pm. The triple crown, including the upcoming Belmont Sticks, a South Florida exclusive on Newstart Radio 610. WIOD. This is Steve Kane from my good friend Joe Dubin at Florida Interestate Moving in Storage. If you're contemplating a move anywhere, be it a cross town, anywhere in the state of Florida, anywhere in the country, or even an international move, the folks to call off Florida Interestate Moving in Storage. I have gone through two moves with Florida Interestate Moving in Storage and I can tell you I am really sold. One of the great things, first of all, they're going to keep your costs down. Number two, they're going to treat your property as though it were there on. They handle everything with kid gloves and I don't know about you, but that's the important thing to me. They'll even do the packing for if you want. They'll even store your furniture in their huge secure warehouse. By the way, all this storage is created sealed and guarded for complete and total security. Call Florida Interestate Moving in Storage for all you moving in Storage needs right now. They're more than happy to give you a free estimate. You'd be sure to mention my name and Joe will tell you all about the Steve Kane discount. Florida Interestate Moving in Storage in date 592 244 and in Broward 7661305, Florida Interestate Moving in Storage. 1125 and Wiod and lunches coming from rural castle. We're uplifted a little bit, I guess you might say no. Sure. You don't seem too excited about it. I'm just, I don't know. I'm back to the people in the newsroom are pretty damn excited about it. Roger looks happy. Roger's, I don't know about your nickel be happy. I'm tickled a death. I'm just hilarious because that's exactly what I was in the mood for. I would never have asked because they were just here on Monday. I'm not there fault that I was sick and I couldn't eat any of them. And of course tomorrow is Thursday and Fat Rich will be here so we don't want to mess up his diet. It's 26 pounds. 26 pounds to 11 a Wiod and let's go to for Waterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I'm listening to it from Flo Lauderdale. Okay sir, congratulations. Yeah, I think you guys are really great man. I've been to that club real up in Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah, I did a lot of weird people up there. I haven't had any. A lot of weirdos. How do you think about that line where it says he was performing shocking acts with a female? Do you understand that? Yeah, well, it's a shocking act. I guess I'm not sure. Yeah, well, maybe maybe maybe the fact that it was him that was doing it. They were shocked by, okay. Yeah, a lot of us have had our doubt. Yeah, a lot of us have had serious doubts. Yeah, I guess so I got you bumpesticker yesterday from Charho. Right, well slap it on pal. Yeah, it's on my truck. I see a few of them around. But we ought to see him everywhere. You know, they ought to be all over the place. But of course, so we've got them all locked away and safely and agrige somewhere. But we'll get them out there. Yeah, I'd like to know where those squeeze bottles coming out. Oh, tomorrow. Oh, great. I'll get one of those, too. Yeah. And what's the show's, uh, let's just think about me while you're squeezing it. Oh, yeah, I'd love to bottle it. And let's take a call for my buddy's douchebag. Here, no problem. Okay, Emory and that be your douchebag. Excellent job. Okay, take care of the great first call by the way. Okay, great. See you. Thanks. Okay, don't do it again too soon. Well, that was for his first call. He was pretty, you know, he had his stuff together. 27 past 11 at WIOD and open line and brown where we wanted to keep these lines smoking today. You know, put on an act like you're really care. We know you don't. But just pretend, all right, like Roblo. Hmm. And don't forget Steve's doing a whole. What does he call you tomorrow? He reviews the Roblo tapes. So he must have it or else he's getting it from what I don't really care. I'm not in the contest. I just want to make sure that we have our own copy. Right. Okay, that we can kind of look at in slow-mo and freeze frame and just to make sure that, you know, things are what they claim they are. Yeah. Scientific sort of. Exactly. Strictly journalistic research. I want you to understand that because I have no interest in seeing Roblo have naked doing incredible. In fact, if you see in any of his movies, he already is simulated that and every one of them already, right? Now, the one where he and Andrew McCarthy, let's go to sunrise. Hello. Yeah. How you doing now? Okay. Good. That's a couple things for your first year. Your fifth base with culture's great. I love it. No, sir. Don't start that. What do you think? This is a real, that we've been doing all this without Dawson and Sandberg missed a couple of games and they still won. They got a real ball club. You don't even even the last two days when they've left all these runners on base. They should have had six, seven runs last night and they had a poor Maddix man had a pitches guts out and then sitting the dugout and watch Williams nearly give it away again. But when Dawson comes back, it's going to end. And how about your own wall? And he's also been out for about a month. And we're going to come back next week. Now the bad news is, sir, wait a minute. The bad news is that Mitch Webster is off the disabled list and he got in the game tonight to go and struck out. There are a lot of really, thank you for honoring. We call that. We call that. We have a day off from this. If we can give Mitch Webster a match, we don't want anything to return. Great. Just if the match will take Mitch Webster, that would mean a lot to me. And now, but after 20 years of rooting for me, kind of get used to this month's June win. I understand. I've set up for all the cars you might get from that. I've heard a lot of you have to watch the match last night in their 10 to 3 loss to the Giants. I don't think they're going to have any period of the season when they're going to have an chance to call. In other words, the cups may not do it. The team I'm worried about is Montreal. Now that they got Langston Montreal stuff. But forget the match. So, in fact, the only thing I care about is the cups finish your head of the match. In other words, if we finish fifth, as long as the match finished last, I'll be happy. You know, in another thing, they said it's Rob Lopez, only 20 minutes long. Well, how shocking can you get 20 minutes fight? If I only gave my wife 20 minutes, the only thing to get shot would be me. Yeah. Well, I'll see that's about as much as Rob. But, you know, that's about all he had in him. And lastly, my drip. That won't wait to draw a lot of people who tell you how to play there. Yeah. Gotta give you that tape tomorrow. Make a few thousand copies. Hand them out. Oh, yeah. I'm sure that would go over real big. Okay, listen. I'll see you in a really field, sir. All right. Good luck to you. Yeah, that would go over real big. I just can't imagine who would be excited about that. 1130 a WIOD. Can you just see the letters going out now? Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Just hysteria. hysteria. Distributing photographic materials. Set him to jail. Anyway, moving right along. Let's go to Homestead. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I believe it happened to me. Thank you, sir. Well, I'll listen. Mine wasn't that long. Go in November. Okay. I hear Rob Blow and Rollin' to last year getting together for a movie. Well, we already used that. Did you? I'm Mr. Mr. What's the point? Oh, we didn't have a name of this. No, we didn't have a punch line. I just thought maybe they were going to go off to Europe together. Yeah, it's called Closing Counts with Sir Great. Yeah, that could be it. Okay, that's all I got. Thank you, sir. Yeah, see, I don't. I mean, I don't want to speak about anybody else. But you think Rob Blow with his looks and all his money and all his access. You think he wouldn't have to. But again, he didn't know, right? Isn't that what they're going to say? Yeah, I'm going to say she was passing herself off as a big fan. I'm 21. She had fake ID. She looked older than she was and she faked her way in there. She does. So who knows what that was going to have. But you're going to get a lot of publicity. And then, of course, that movie is going to come out. What's it called? Bad influence. I've done that scene a little bit to, you know, block a coincidence and didn't somebody once say there are no coincidences. Yeah. It seems just a little too coincidental. And this movie is called Bad Influence. And it will be as big as hit in year. Oh, man, they're going to be lined up all the way. Can you imagine in sunrise? Yeah, oh, God. They'll be lined up to the early bird restaurants and sunrise. Oh, that Rob low. He's such a terrible thing. Did you see it? Look, all is closed off. Can you look again just to make sure? A four-later nail. Hello. Yes, uh, Neil is Rob low. I don't know. You have to watch the movie to find answer. Well, I understand. What is done, no sir? After the girl was, um, you know, molested in her parents' background. Well, she wasn't molested. Well, her attorneys advised her to lay low. Oh, I see. Well, I think he already was a step ahead of him. I think so too. Yeah. You think we could consider her a low bone for vodka to work? Could be. Gotta say one thing about Steve Kane. Well, if it's just, well, that was good. Yeah, well, 1133 at W.I. To see, I knew he was, he was right on the edge there with the other. But then he just went nuts. You know, another big Steve Kane fan there. But then we didn't ask him, but he called it a rip Steve today. But if I'm in a blockbuster thing, if you have it opinion one way or the other, that's fine. You know, but I'm not going to change my mind again. I just don't agree because I think that there's, you know, it's a generalization, you know, a blanket generalization. And there's some independent franchise people who are going to get hurt in the thing. And I just don't think it's that big of a premise. I mean, you know, if there was some real cost to live, like the farm store thing, I agree with them wholeheartedly. You know, that was a concerted effort by group of people and Voicot them and try to force a whole bunch of material out of their stores because those people want dictate public taste and public morality, the right wing lunatic fridge. I totally agree on that and it really pisses me off. Yeah. In fact, at one point yesterday, I was speechless when I started thinking about this thing. But now I realize I was getting con. I would do that the great con job that Steve does so well. He was conning me into this thing. And I, it's not my deal, you know, he, you know, I think do it. He's a manager of provocateurs. I'm asked you at that. We have an open line in day that 7519463751WIOD. Am I going to do the break now? I'm sorry. I was going to talk about my three. Okay, so 1137. We got a very important mobile collar on six. Hello. Stop trying to court. Oh, you want to go back on hold? No, no, that's okay. Okay. Are you doing? Well, I'm just trying to build you up. It's a mobile and I want to do impress the audience. Oh, thank you. I appreciate it. You're not going to let me down now, are you? Of course not. Okay. I'm kind of worried. Detroit. I mean, Scott was kind of tough against Detroit. They do? Yeah. After the 80 points they scored Monday. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we're saying we have to say it here. Yeah. I think FTI was probably a bull's fan wasn't he? I mean, you talk about, I told you it was going to be an important call. Oh, boy. Well, I knew what I was 100. I got a big buildup. Wait a minute. This is the first breaking ticket just ran out of pukes. I can't believe that. For the first time in history ran out of wood. Wow. We might have to call boom boom in an emergency. You're going to do the rest of the talk up today. 22 me four noon at Wild. We have an open line in Broward where we just Roger got rid of somebody. Evidently at five to four nine four six three five two four. Wild. I like that fact. Let's clear the board. No, I don't care. What's it a while I like to do that. But these people would get really. I don't really. I wouldn't. I'd get upset. Roger can't deal with that. Okay. She looks really that princess Stephanie. One picture that you had was it over there. She looks great. She's a she's ugly. She is an ugly boy. Big time. She's here. Yeah, that's where she look. But you could really get an idea what she's looking for. Yeah. She's got what's her name is Vaseline on the camera. Yeah. Donna. But boy, she looks. She looks like she could play tennis. She that. Yeah. Wow. She looks like she could play tennis. Boy, those women tennis players. I'd say like 90% of them look really macho. Don't they? Of course. There are a few exceptions. But most of them, boy, they are really. Of course. You see those Russian tennis players. Oh my god. God Almighty. They're butcher the roblo. Here's a lady in a mobile. Hello. I'm a lady. I'm a mobile. I've been to Wrigley Field. I'm a cup of sand. I've met here in Carrey in a mama way to childhood. Great. Well, you're perfect in my book. You just disappeared. Wow. I guess the short but sweet. You know, we have an open line in Boca, which comes as a tremendous shock to me. Even veg hasn't called it a day to humiliate and degrade himself at 2789463. 278 tomorrow. W. Bye tomorrow. OD trust me. You'll call tomorrow. First. And tomorrow is the first of June. So even though worst anybody, even Mike can call in tomorrow. Good. Briefly. Are you sure? You know what you're saying? Call in tomorrow. And all you people are going to paste back together. You're blocked by the car. It's calling tomorrow too. Okay. Don't be. Don't be some kind of a sicko fan. Some kind of a underling who just every time somebody gets on the ear and snaps their fingers. You know, and you do some idiotic ridiculous thing that you know isn't right. But you do because somebody else said, don't be a follower. Okay. You morons. We haven't gotten any meridians because they're busy playing golf today. But if I get any of those cards in it, I'm going to be really pissed. Okay. I really am. And I confess I've met full fault. I admit it. I got I don't know. I had when he sat down and tried to talk me out. I thought to myself, why is he wasting his time? It's never going to happen. And within 45 seconds he had me changing my mind. But he was. Was it that it? I had it. Towards the end of the show. I was almost. I was. I think he took advantage of the fact that we didn't hear. Two days in a row under tremendous heat. I'd been sick of cell on Monday and I had no sales resistance at all. Yeah. Because they just know in. I just don't agree. Okay. I just do not agree with that. I think it's pathetic. But be like my opening up the. The newspaper and reading just the most minimal thing that I didn't like about something that some business did. And then conducted. For example, years ago, I cut up my birdines car because they donated $50,000 to the anti-Cocino gambling people. Right. And the reason that all the department, the big department store chains were doing it is because they didn't want all those people to work for peanuts in their department stores to be able to get much higher paying jobs and casinos. Right. Okay. And the reason. Not because they were so concerned about crying. Had nothing to do with it. They just didn't want, you know, a whole new industry coming in here that would take away their tremendous supply of cheap help of work for like minimum wage or close to it. And they donated $50,000 to the anti-Cocino. Well, I tore up my birdines car on the air. I don't recall that I asked other people to do the same or send in their cards. But I did it. You would remember if you said. Personally. No, I don't think I did. I just did it personally because they pissed me off. Okay. And I have never gotten another one since. Yeah. That's fine. That's your prog. Yeah, it's your prog. That's fine. In fact, all the anti-Cocino, I mean, they're entitled their opinion, but the harm that they've done to this community by their near near near endrothal stance is so embarrassing. It's so grotesque. And now, for example, I was thinking to go and down to the Bahamas this weekend, which I don't like the Baham, you already know my feeling about it. I don't know why I heard that Murg Griffin has got a new place. And they've got their own airline. And they've got their own, you don't have to go through all that crap. When you go to the Bahamas, you've got to go through such grief. It's enough to make you puke. And if you look at him cross, they get real hostile and sorry. And they start talking with a patwa and they give you a real real song and a dance. Oh, you bet. I don't like that. You know, and then they're going to take your money and fleece you for every time you've got. But supposedly, Murg Griffin got a new place. But, and then I was thinking of myself, where I don't, you know, it's like a few minutes away. And there's like nowhere to get there. And the only reason those, and I know we have a lot of listeners over there. And you folks should be laughing every minute. Okay, because you wouldn't have one tourist on your stink and islands over there. If we had gambling here in his town, you wouldn't have even a dumbest of the dumb wouldn't come there. Okay. We got better beaches. We got the same climate. We do have air conditioning. When it works, of course. We do have air conditioning. Man, when I walked into that hotel that elevator, I never get over. Man, the shaggy dog carpet was so wet. You think that somebody gave it a bath. And it just smelled the mildew odor. It was so incredible. You almost passed out. No air conditioning. And I thought when I got into bed that first night, I thought, Isn't it nice they washed the sheets to bed they didn't dry them. They were soaked. The sheets were soaked. Oh my god. How can I, either, it's the humidity or robloes been here one or the other? How can you sleep? No air conditioning. No air conditioning period. Didn't have a little fan. Nothing. Worst humidity than here. It was incredible. Here's Henry Barrel, ladies and gentlemen, just got an inspiration. What is that? Generic. Oh, great work. You find this. Oh, the way that he's got things hidden. He's got her in a whole show around today. Why are so many people listening to the Bill McWag Show? One reason is guests like Dr. Robert Ballard, the man who led the expedition that found the Titanic, and often zoner Joe Robbie. And it had to be award-winning actress Patty Duke. Another reason is, so far we haven't told a single caller to get off the phone you've creed. Don't you tell a friend the Bill McWag Show. A great way to wind down from the morning ruck. Yeah. Okay, keep that. Thank you. That was great. Wow. That's my favorite. Yeah. That in Wacker Radio, man. 1045 at Wacker Radio, let's go to West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, living and breathing up in West Palm Beach. Well, I think that's even more shocking than Roblo's sex act in Atlanta. Oh, yeah. I couldn't tell. I haven't seen that one yet. Well, it'll be showing soon to the theater near you. Anyway, Neil, I'm heading up to Atlanta this week in the field. A little different kind of horse racing in your youth too. What's that? You're having the National Ferrari meet of the year up there this. Oh, really? This weekend I'm going to go up and see the francing horses. Great. Yeah, I know those francing horses. They're in my garage right now. I'm boy. Those are the most expensive horses I ever bet on. I'm not sure they're there. I'm telling you don't want to punch and puke on those. No. But supposedly, like, they increase in values so tremendously. If I can just keep that sitting in a garage there for about five years, I should be able to get out of the business. I think you're about right. You probably able to open your own horse racing track by that. There you go. Okay. Well, call us from Atlanta. Why don't you blow it in fact, you maybe you get a little scuddle about why you're up there, you know? Are you Friday? Okay. All right. Bye. Thank you. Yeah. See what the mood of the city is on Roblo. Yeah. Interesting. Well, I bet you this is incredible. Most shocking things. It's the Braves 1-A Game Monday. You think it's that big of story? Wow. It's 1146 at WIOD. Let's not get the audience too excited here. It's been a tough week for them. I think the day they thought was Monday. But the good news is see, I always lie. I don't like working on those days. But the one good thing is that when it gets like today and you think it's Tuesday, it's already win. I know it's a fast way to say, holy cow. Yeah. Is Harry would say. And then you discover the week's almost over. That's true. And then when you find out that Wayne Arnold's bringing a Royal Castle burgers, then you just start getting all excited and goosey. Kindle. Hello. How are the bottom of how you all doing? Okay. Are you sure you're calling from Homestead? I'm calling down here from Camila. I just want to know what type of tune to back you all think. Dick father leaves. Oh, red man. He's definitely doing red man. Yeah. Why's going on? No. I just want to follow that man's footsteps. Okay. I tell you what. That man I just leave and leave. I just leave and breathe by everything he teaches. Great. Well, look at this. We just got the first dolphin die just. Of course. That's what I'm thinking about now. There's a lot of people in the world. It's a way of heavily on my mind. Not that we're leaving. We're on my way. Okay. So you're having a wonderful life. I don't know what you said. But I'm sure I missed a lot. Thank you so much. It's a great to have a business with you. There you go. Now you're talking something that I might read. 1147 at Wiod. Oh, my God. Here's somebody in Hollywood. He's got an audio from the Rodload tape Roblo. Tap a ledge. Hello. I think we're listening. Good. Right now. Oh, oh, is that good? Have you heard that one one word there? Well, you heard part of it. Yeah. It's about like this. Yeah. We'll play it without the language. Okay. I would swear he said a word that I've heard before. Like recently. It's 1148 at Wiod. We have an open line in Broward. I have to for. 1150. 5249463. You know, it's getting ridiculous, isn't it? It's just getting ridiculous. Is there anybody out there really wants to see Roblo and Bed doing disgusting sex acts? Okay. Well. Now that I think of it. Look at this. Here's all a bill. Look at this. This is going to get you. So upset. Even remember the grief we had to go through in a part? I know. Here's a whole stack. Bill McQuig talk host Wiod. See if they haven't done it. Didn't Mr. Dizzy give us a big song that a dance about how they don't. Talented doesn't get business card. Now what it was was I went. When we have to embarrass the great and humiliate him into the spring and for the food box. The story is started. I went up to Mike Disney one day in the newsroom. I said, could we get business cards and he looked at you like you were not. Yeah. And it's about kind of fell open. He says, well, I've never heard of that. But yeah. It was Bill McQuig who came in on our bus from somewhere in Texas. Who was a board-off. Then became a newsman. He was a newsman like I'm a rocket scientist and then all of a sudden he was a talk show host doing these hours. He had business card. He has a stack of business cards. I'm going to start handing these out. In fact, what we should do we should put these out. No, seriously, we should give these out a Toyota of Hollywood. Great idea. These could be, these could be soothing to collect these items worth million. That'll get people out. I mean anybody can collect baseball cards but collecting business cards if you got a Paul I'll trade your club real quick. Okay there you go. Oh my cool sugar cookies. 11th story. 1149. Yeah it's a whole other story as he would say. 10 till noon at Wild. Speaking of a show excited that we got to dolphin dives. He's a great guy but boy I don't care. Don't care. Don't you understand that yet? It's like 100 degrees in the shed. Like that promo running with Rick Weaver. That dolphin, you know only 400 weeks away now everybody. He's like I'm just not psyched up for it. Okay we had our 700 hour draft show. And what can I say? Oh, please. He's a very semi-smith and Louis Oliver. Okay there they are great. Good luck to you guys. I hope you do terrific. I hope we have a big year. I hope the hurricane's win a college world series. Is Sunny gone out and he leave today? Yeah. I really am jealous of that. Okay not that I want to do the games. I just jealous that I can't go on a trip so I can go to those great stay houses, Ross's, oh yeah. And Cassios and Mr. Sees. I know it sounds ridiculous but Omaha the weather were good. I would live there. Really? And everybody says but that's the Bible belt. You know that's the it's a horrendous place. But they're not like the people in Nashville for example. We're like in Oklahoma City. They're just like they leave everybody alone. I never thought of Omaha's an awful city. Not at all. Great place. Hans Arben is it's not a great track. It's the times are fast because of the surface. But it's it's not okay to try. They handle. You'd be amazed at the handler like on a Saturday. They do like $23 million. But then you know what I really. Yeah. All these farmers come in from Iowa and do they drive in from miles. I'm talking about people with some serious money and pick up trucks. Oh, I don't know. And they're in their continental I think. But then you think about Nebraska and February. Oh. Well, even when we were there in the summer, they have these tornadoes. You know, they're Western, that door. I remember one time we were in the basement. They had a tornado warning and we're the basement of the hotel. All the players and everybody mingling in the basement. And then Rob low came in and I was like, okay, it's 1153 at WIOD and we'll go. They're working next door. Who? That's what you're here. Listen to that. Did we open a dentist office? Yeah. That's of course is the best time to do that kind of thing. It's midday right next to the other. They're drilling. Yeah. Oh, it must be getting the rest of his dental work. Well, good. I'm glad. For a lot of dental. Well, yeah. Okay, normal high, but you're also flated on flames in this old rich. I think. Listen, a little more scuttled bread on the Rob low thing. I just came back from Atlanta. Well, I seems like everybody's been in Atlanta. Right. Yeah. I got that. Even a cup's are in Atlanta. Right. And the high. But I wouldn't get too much of about the Rob low. Because the story is up there. He went soliciting for these lesbians to put on a shelf for him. Uh-huh. And he got it. Not also on this yet. There was a couple of sweets up there. And the story is this girl's mother was also in the old town hill. Not that same night. Not that she was in the sweetest way, no. But she was also placed in the old town hill. Man. Interesting. Now, also in the sweet connecting there with just the embatement on the thing. And they had some stories to do a little free-dating. And the most interesting thing, more comes out. They saw in charge of all the Hollywood stars that brought them to the Atlanta convention happens at the time Hayden who was in charge of more. Why? There's a lot more to this. A lot more than meets the old flat high. Right. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know. But that's what's going around up there. Yeah, I think it's hard to swallow if I can use that expression. Right. And this is on the all the radio stations, all the TV. Yeah. All of anybody's talking about man is Rob Lowe. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yeah. He got what he wanted. Man, he got all this for me. Yeah. But. But. But. But. But. But. Okay. It's a little plant city music for you there. Yeah. He's everywhere. Man. He's plastered all over. Well, his last movie was a bomb. Yeah. Well, that one on cable. It called illegally yours. Yeah. Rind the bomb. Just off. Oh, look at this. We have some fact stuff that Sharon finally brought in. She hasn't been speaking to us this morning because we've been ripping her guest. Look at that. There's Harry. It might not be as bad as everyone thinks. Isn't that cute? What is this? A most valuable programming tool for getting a record played. Bill wise not adding your record. Uh-huh. Bill hasn't added this record yet, but you can. Indigo girls their debut album featuring closer to fine and kid fears. Really. On all these great stations. It's got listed here like about 20 stations. But. But in the great end, this is our. It's got a big thing here. Bill wise not adding your. And here's the upside down picture. Now, no, this has got to be. Is this for real? That's funny. Look at that. Oh, here's Mr Arnold. And it's got bill spike license picker. They're upside down. That's real. That's going to be incredible. That's. Look at this big. This is from the Budweiser thing. The Cub fan and Budman is Harry. Bill. Indigo boy wise. It's shocking. And here's our friend Wayne Arnold. I can't believe you actually showed up today, man. It's just too much for us to ask. Thank you so much. You got the day off today. Bacon cheeseburgers. Oh, man. Well, Bernard, thank you from the bottom of my parts. Okay. Thank you. You have no idea. I just, you know, Monday, I was sick as a dog. And I couldn't eat anything. And if I can't eat these, then you're on a desk door. Okay. Thank you. Thanks very much. For this is great. I wonder if Todd's in the building is Todd here. Not that I really care because we don't. Huh? He's not here today. Have a nice lifetime when trying on this a lot. And then of course Ross came in yesterday. He was just getting over the thing with Sharon. And then you made some kind of comment about he's not your time. Oh, well, you forget about that. And people are still talking about that at the water. Well, that's all it is that. In fact, there are more people in this part of the building talking about that than Rob Blow. Now, what is that, Todd? Exactly. Look at that. These are a little bacon cheeseburgers. I didn't even know they made these at a rock. Hasn't either. Hmm. Oh, my God. You're right. These really are uh, getting the spot. Hmm. Bill, in the go-wise. Oh, girl. God. I just, I love that. Wow. Now I'm going to need some soda to go with it. It's but what? It's a good lot. You don't think anybody's going to bring soda. How about we got three boxes full of that? They might. We can't eat all these though. But after Roger and Nick have a few, it all be a Roger. Give me a soda. It's at least he can do. I'm 58. I know you. I know how to win bearish people. Well, we've been feeding everybody for a long time. Exactly. Because there are a lot of people not too crazy about the show, but they love the food. You know? They hate the show. Yeah. But they love the food. Yeah, they're looking to use about this room. Hmm. Like Nick, he hates the show. He loves the food. You know, um, I was up in the, um, front lobby. Up there yesterday, you know, seeing an old friend of ours. You know the show, Andy. I didn't know Sharon. And do you know the show? Oh, you mean the girl I got to escape those gate code. You know, they'd sales prime said this will solve all of the problem. Anything, uh, diet, you know, I'm like, anything that's web. And the show is on up there. Up where? In the lobby. I didn't know that. At least it was yesterday. Also we can't say mention that Sandy stole all that stuff yesterday. That was it. That's a bad word. Isn't that she stole? She kind of requisitioned all those, uh, pops that came in the other day for all of us. Look at this. Here's Mitch. You just came in and got his dental work finished. We've been listening to the drilling. It's mutton. So he's here just in the nicotine. We're going to pause now. April, wortham has the noon Wiod News. And we'll come back at 12.05 right in the middle of lunch. So, D.M. R.R. Or 655 and 278 Wiod in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 Wiod. Hi ladies and gentlemen, I'm ready to run this. I love myself. That was good. I got caught up in the middle of, I think. I like it. I like it. I'm not sure if it's a good one. But Wiod, we have an open line in date. 7519463. Lunch today is spectacular. We thank Lane Arnold and his lovely wife for these incredible royal castles, including Little bacon cheeseburgers. I just can't get over how good they are, okay? Is it for real? Neil, look at the radio. Rackets. Look at this. This is another train. The hard report. Oh my god. Look at this. No wise ads in the go girl. That's a good line. Biggest store. Who can blame him? Congratulations Bill on the birth of your brand new daughter. Abigail Jane Wise, who was in the gore. So he's doing kind of like a Rob Lothing, okay? So getting his name in all these magazines. Here from, what is this? The, what report? The hard report? Careful. Sharon. What kind of publications have you been reading? Was this something to do with Ross? You're sure now. If you rip him again, man, I'm never going to speak to you again. WZTMIM is been at the center of numerous formats, which rumors the last month or so. Fueled to the fire out the new billboards. Let's say watch this space and have local tongues wagging over the possibility that Zeta may be in line for some radical surgery. Really? It says. Huh. Well, we got some heavy duty stuff here. It's about time. Radical. Closer to fine into gorels. Bill wise. He had to gorel. Look at that. There's Bill was high-class with his little new baby boy. You talk about really suckin' around spike. He still a-puts, you know? Regardless of any of this. He's still a-publicly the biggest story in AOA in Atlanta. Yeah. Big hype job. Yeah. Let's get the real story on it. Well, see that was obviously a pre-ut. It's all a setup deal, you know? Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. 12.07 and WIOD. We have an open line of date at 751946, 169463 reading lines. So if we sound a little like, you know, messed up. Hmm. Of course we are. Boy, this is great. This just hit the spot. So perfect. Yeah. You were right. As you as Wayne, you're a wonderful American. And we just worship the ground that you stand. Huh? I'm serious, boy. These are tremendous. So we take a call because we still got two open lines in date. County, what's going on here? Oh, they know that the nicas on the border. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Tendel, hello. No, you guys doing great. Why are you doing? Okay. Um, one second is one of the address to that place, Arnold. There are the corner of northwest 7th Avenue, uh, in 120 fifth street. Right off like a block off 90 five. Yeah. That's on the west side of 95. On the west side of 95, uh, yeah. Okay. On the west side of 441. All right. I called to tell you that I was, I wasn't at Lana for dinner during the democratic convention. Is there anybody in this audience who has been there, Lana? No. I went to, there's a great Russian restaurant at the rooftop in the Hilton. You went to Atlanta for dinner? Well, I was driving back home from from the Midwest. And we stopped there for dinner. We had restaurant. I see. We had reservations at this place for like three months in advance. Huh. But, uh, I saw Rob Loan talking to Jesse Jackson. Do you think that might be interesting or something? Could be fascinating. Could be shocking. Yeah. What could be so shocking in 20 minutes? I don't know. Well, you, you course when you've been in Lantan all your life, anything I guess to be shocking. All right. When I decided to honor your request and not talk about baseball today. Well, I think you're the first one, sir, so I thank you for being on you, sir. All right. I never knew they made bacon cheese burgers in there. I didn't even think they do. I think they made these special for us. Oh, you were incredible. This for you guys? Yeah. Like so. Are they all gone? Oh, the Peter and I have a winner. What? Any time they can hear it, can't go in there and get one. I don't ask for them. See what they tell you. All right. When you stop laughing, then we'll, uh, all right. You guys have a good day and, um, say how to miss the blackbuster over their forming. Okay. Bye. See you. Probably not in a WI would do. We have three lines open on the board, so I guess everybody else got hungry and they're all out to lunch and that's our audience. Talk to lunch. What are you doing? You're already getting this? I'm not going to record, sir. Oh, I don't know. What is the Disney Care Read Anyway? It's Disney's copy. I'm so sick and tired of hearing about him. I'm, I had him up my ears already. All these stupid little memos he sends me copies. I've found a good mind is on business. All right. We're doing a radio show. Oh, they like it. Oh, they like it. I'm not complaining. I'm just, uh, I'm just fingering them for the audience. Okay. Just want the audience to know how little they do around here. Thank you. That's the only reason we're so successful. They were running all the time messing around with everybody. Show. We wouldn't have any numbers. Well, these are great. Well, this is these are our last ones. Yeah, there's gone. They're all gone. Jared had some body weight and he offered to put some ketchup on it. You know, for a nice Jewish kid, I don't, I don't think he was like that. What he came here, I think it's sure and it's influencing him. Maria, he's saying incredible things lately. Ten minutes past noon at Wild. There's an open line in Broward and one in Bokai. Just mention that. Don't feel compelled. I mean, if you're out there having a busy noon hour, you'd drive it around. You haven't lunch. You're whatever. Don't worry about us. We'll be okay. Believe me. Now that we ate, we'll be just fine. Yeah, we ate, Mitch Protestant Coats. So it really isn't at here. You know, this is all a big hype job for Bill Wise with a picture and everything. I mean, jays come on, spike this is pathetic. You know what? Pathetic. Isn't it? We talk about contries of pricing. But if you're hungry right now, I want you to head over to Chirhut because Do you hear that? What Andy has been telling Chirhut? This is like a soap opera here. Andy has been saying the Chirhut and that we've been badmouthing here. We haven't said anything that wasn't true. I mean, when she said that a Ross had looks like a duck-built plant-up position. He's disgusting. She deserved to get ripped. Okay? That was the coolest thing. And if he said it, it was true. I mean, that would be cruel, but at least it would be true. But Ross is like, God, okay? Even though he's not your type. What must he think of me? Well, I don't really care what. I mean, he's a good woman. Good sense of humor. Does anybody know where he goes to school? Does he go to U of M? I don't know. I hope he has a good sense of humor. He does have a good sense of humor. He would have come in here and pop several people in the mouth. I'm including Sharon. He was hostile and vicious when she said it. So she's got no bones coming. Well, she's like that. She rolls along sweet. Great. She has one of her screaming sessions would steal. And she takes it out of anybody else's head. That's right. So Andy, Andy's a great guy. We've been trying to keep his job for him. We've been going to bed. We're already a whole campaign. And we feed him of all the people in the newsroom. We always make sure Andy gets fed first because we know any of them he could be his last. And he's bad about things. I was just sharing. How do you like that? Isn't that embarrassing? So from now on, Ross comes in first. Then Jared, then Todd. Then anybody else who's hanging out. Because Andy's on a diet. And we wouldn't want to interfere with him. West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I just beat a transplant from Buffalo, New York. I just had to check with him. You guys get Buffalo Sal, chicken wings, right? The blue cheese is not for the celery. Oh. Well, they always say it's a big debate about whether the blue cheese is for the celery or for the wings. It is for the wings. Well, I've never tried that. But this is our love blue cheese so much. That sounds great. You can eat Buffalo Sal wings to dip in the blue cheese. Well, of course, when you're given in Buffalo where the people's brains are frozen and I'm outside of the ear. How come Joey never told us that? I don't know idea. Do you remember Mike's subs? Huh? Do you remember Mike's subs? Well, I'm eating. I'm eating with my mouthful, which is generally the best with eat. Yeah. Yeah. Mike's subs. Do you remember that? Yeah. And you Buffalo. Right. The best. They were great. I've tried that. You guys would be able to enjoy those. And they were heard? Okay. Next week when they come in, we'll do it your way. Right. Thanks a lot. Bye. So next week we're dipping it in Blue Cheese. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'm never having that word. Sure. It said he was going to dip in Blue Cheese. Toon. Hmm. Boy, yeah. Good. So Steve today's got that douche-brang Felipe Rivera-Wandis-Puante Semitism for four hours. Now, to cheer you up because of that, there is a little item here. And the star now, this third fits in with the Roblo. Type of stuff. It says here, here's a surprise explanation point. Michael Jackson has a secret bachelor pattern. Oh, here we go. This is going to be as good as the Roblo's. I'm hanging out with a 16 year old girl. And Alama. Now, friends say he's a late bloomer who recently discovered the opposite sex and has taken the parting and entertaining pretty girls at the height away. Recently, he and one girl in several guys dropped by an L.A. supermarket at 1 a.m. for donuts, vodka, beer, and Pepsi. And all went back to his place to party. According to the star. With donuts. And Pepsi. Tell us that some Pepsi. Party or real party? Party animal man. Yeah. Any probably listen to GTR. This bad on a Y because they would never play his music. They probably listen to GTR. 1217 to Wiod, an open line in day, just in case. I don't want to get pushy here today because they know it's Wednesday. 751 Wiod. Jupiter. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yeah. He needs to talk to these guys with these calcaburgers and get them open up the franchise and we're palm. Man, we don't have anything like that. Well, you don't have anything serious. Hey, big guy. Well, we got leave sour, man. Like I said. Hey, Neil. I just wanted to try and tell you something. I for one appreciate very much you not bomb, parting the audience with all this controversial B.S. content when like all the other top show. Yeah. I got sick of it a long time ago and everybody else did two and there's some people who pretend they still care about it. But they don't. For example, last night, I was at my mother's for dinner. And we were watching the news. And they had this was CNN was on. And the newscaster was interviewing some douchebag about the NATO talks and bush and I said to myself, this is so boring. I'm going to pass out. You know, I don't think we need to be oblivious, but she's it's just it's so ridiculous. Everybody in South Florida's bomb bar. People are slaughtering each other and they're doing a same old crappener, cutting their kids up in pieces and putting them in trash can. I mean, the world is nuts, okay? The world is a nut. Yeah, we all know that too. And everybody's got all the answers. You know, they're all sitting, you're going to come up with the answers on a radio talk show. They're just like those pseudo psychological shows. Dr. Tony Grant and all these other fakers that come on year. And you talk, talk them for three minutes and a poor woman on the phone is sobbing. He's right to blow our brains up and a music comes up in the back. What I'm so sorry. I certainly wish you the very best in the click and then you can just imagine a woman on the other in the phone splitting both wrists, you know. That's true. So you really got to solve our problems in three minutes on a radio talk show. I listen to these three reasons. Reneri Rogers and my adult in football. I just can't handle these came up. I don't start attacking Steve. I mean, even if it's true, don't start attacking. God, Neil, I mean, it's just unbelievable. When you talk about arrogance man, did this guy on my table played a very against before he could be? Well, he does. As a matter of fact, he or against an asparagus. He loves him both. Yeah, never been a favor. I was surprised to hear that you've been in the business for 30 years. Tell us about the station. You've worked for before. I ain't that listen. I'm curious. Okay, great. Okay, that'll be coming up in the next hour. 20 past noon. It's some of the stations that I've worked for. Batavia. Batavia, New York, Albion, Michigan, Sarasota, Florida, Calamazoo. Yeah. I'll just want to work in Dunkirk and Fredonia. Yeah. But couldn't get the job. 20 minutes past noon at W.I.O.D. Waterhill. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, bro. Yes. Neil. Did you catch the Miami-Herald Broward Edition local news front pages morning? No chance. Oh, come on. They're talking about plantation again. What? Plantations? I love plantations here. I love plantations. I love plantations. I know you do. You must love to please Department 2. They're just fine officers. They take it in a man. And he is the first one for being guilty of an obscurity. A loo. An obscurity. He's a country. He's a country. He's a country. He's a country. He was doing a ton of twisty. Yeah. But the plantations. The plantations, please. Crowd of their first obscenity conviction in the county. The news spread so quickly that this gentleman started getting phone calls from the television, new stations, etc. Good. Probably beyond more public, pretty soon. A million bucks. Well, the young man just pulled up to a stoplight. He took it and the police said to the officer he'll tear it off. But it cost him $65 in plantations. Find it. A really proud of it. Well, that's great. I'm glad that he's doing something to protect all of us. Whether you're okay. Well, he's just it because they do have one of them. They have more breaking in entering in plantation than any of the other miscalities. So I was told. I don't know. Anyway, listen. Have a great life. Okay. See ya. What was he talking about? I didn't. I was saying about isn't it great that we don't talk about all these serious depressing things. And then he was talking about the plantation pillar. I mean, he was a good guy. But it seems like there was a little contradiction there, wasn't it? Yeah. Because that was pretty depressing. I lost it. In fact, they may come in arrest him for a, and I've seen phone call. The one he just made here. That was good. I just found a little onion on the Roblo's picture lucky. Well, I guess none of us are ever going to be able to look at Roblo again straight in a face. And see, I don't believe any of it. I still believe it's all a gigantic publicity stunt. It's all but orchestrated. It would be. I mean, even he's not that stupid that he's going to do something like this by accident. They're going to be all this, man. gigantic publicity. You know, get a big name. Lawyers will come in there. And then the global admit that she had a phony ID. And as she wanted whatever was going on, you know, and that'll be it. I see. And I'll slap him on the wrist. I'll make him do 400 hours of community service over in Beverly Hills. You know, pay a fine. Sure. I have to stand on the corner there on Hollywood and Vine and hand out street maps of the celebrity's house is for free. I'd see your point. Yeah. See what you're saying. And it's working like charm. Boy. Yeah. You know, because his last movie was a bomb. We started this award. We got sidetrack. This is the heavy duty story. And he's been like lagging. You know, he was in a luller. So now he needed to get back on a front page. Isn't this a way to do it? Boy, did he? Oh, sure. He's everywhere. Incredible. He's like stink on. Yeah. Mung. And the media just eats this up. So to speak. Performing shocking acts with a female. Well, another man looks on it is. I think again, it's within the context of his image. I think any act with a female for how it would be gotten. That's I still believe that. He'd he'd have to do it in front of me. I'd have to be the man watching to believe it. Okay. Okay. I just am not convinced. All right. In fact, maybe we could set that up. Twenty twenty three past noon. And W. I think that's the reason why we're doing the melting pot next. I was just thinking of Roblo at the pod having dessert with a white chocolate with a rammer right on. And when it came time for everybody to dip their banana in a white chocolate, I wonder just what Roblo's excuse would be. What it gives us the same lame excuse that Michael J. Fox gave. Oh, I don't know. Only a real experience, I guess, could prove it. Anyway, if you want a great dining experience tonight, then the melting pot is the place for you. It's rated three and a half stars by the Harold of all people. And you know those. Fakers at the Harold Men there are social things you with there stars. The hang on home like it was life and death. You think that lit a Dick Capen's very existence hinge on those stars. That's how he squeeze him as tight as they can. But they handed out three and a half to the melting pot. That's about as close as perfect as you can get. It's also rated as one of the top ten restaurants. But you've got to try. I've got to try. I've got these stupid headphones. I was going to let the audience in and what Sandy requisition yesterday that we were supposed to take home. But I was a little bit shorter. I see it was well intended, but I just ran out of time. But it was good that I had the little thing that was going to give me a chance to squawk it up. Sure. In fact, that would be a real good one. I don't know. Is it too long, you think? To do. Oh. Oh, he's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. No. He's not. I know. He's going to run out of the. He's going to drive. He's going to drive. He's going to drive. He's going to give it a good shot. Pretty good. Sandy says she did not keep the food. She distributed it to the staff. You don't get Shirley Sandy. It's just a little joke. Okay. She's listening. Who's the one that accused her of? Was it Laura? Yeah. Laura. She said Sandy is hoarding all the food. It's supposed to go to everybody in the building. She's got an all-theraway in Sheryl's freezer there. And she's stealing all of our stuff. That was Laura who said that. We don't know. We're back here. Mine in our own business. Sandy's going to get Shirley with us. Yeah. It was Laura. Okay. And probably because Laura is doing too much monkey business with Ross and the Russell. That's why she's getting so psychotically. Okay. Hollywood. Hello. Hey. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Listen. I need a red rubber ball. Put that on for a talk up. You want to hear what? They're circle. I have some trivia to tell you about them. More trivia about the circle? Yes, we're this kind of group. We're opening act. And a thick part. The Beatles' last concert. You know something? We already know it. I haven't even touched on it. I haven't even touched on it. I haven't even touched on it. I haven't even touched on it. I haven't even touched on it. No respect. You're in a walk-all over it. Sir, you walked all over the circle. You're the third person that's told us this. Oh, I'm in? Yeah. No, that's okay. I tried to catch your Friday and I held over about 40 minutes and I had to hang out with him. I'd be okay with him, but he stepped on the records. You won't do it again. We're just scared. They can't even let me be there. I'm ready to break it. I'm not sick by a low myself. I'm not sick by a low myself. I'm not sick by a low myself. I'm not sick by a low. I'm not sick by a low. That wasn't bad. Was it? Yeah. Do you want to see Major Link? No. Great, moving. Who's there? Who's there? Oh, God. I don't see too many movies. I haven't seen movies. You know. It's not either. It's nobody memorable. It's very good. Okay. I think right. Okay, Sam. Well, I would watch Major Link, but I saw the Metz for a while. Last night, that was the next best thing. A 29 pass noon, Blum. I'm going to rub it in those Metz fans. Even all it may not last. Every chance I get, I'm going to rub their noses in it. They suck. Okay. They're pathetic. Yes. 10 to 3. They've lost 2 in a row of the giants. They've lost, I think. They've lost 2 in a row of the row. Something like that. Put that at, guess what is the biggest baseball movie? This according to the star has the most popular baseball movies and what they made. What do you think is the most? You want to guess what the most popular baseball movie of all time is? Do you know the Chico-Carris-Ghostler? Excellent. Guess. No. According to the star, the new star making 23.9 million. The biggest, most likely. You could hit a weight box during this. The bad news Bears. No, get out of your head before you. Have a bunch of friends at different locations. I'm gonna look very much like Steve has been in there trying to check out a load of videos with cards that have been glued together. Now we're beginning to understand his. So what do you suckers out there in the audience when those bills start coming in don't stop? I'm not stopping. Right, right, right he's doing his dirty job. I never had to be a valid reason somewhere. Right, right, right, right. I just said it looked like I'm not. That's what Rob Lose did. Now, about the Rob Lose thing. I have a birthday, a belated birthday wishes for the bird. I gave a message with Judy P. I don't know if he ever got it. I did, but thanks a lot, Steve. Okay, but I do have something from Harry K. For a poor leave, it's the deal with the meds. But about the Rob Lose video. I suggest when you do get your copy, let Tom Denon burglow it so he can gain back as two inches maybe. Yep. Okay, and also I'm, I didn't say, well, you know what Rob Donner said. Sure, you don't know what you got until you lose. And that's what Denon burglow has been singing that song in a hall for two days now. Now, the red Robble ball stop. That was written by Paul Firmard. Anyone try that? Yes. Okay. Now, you can have Deanna Lose. Well, you, I don't hear any more about that. And that's, you know, that's, Bill Moll of his handling that specs. Of course, once Bill Mollon touches something, that you get it always in doubt, you know. You get him on. He was one of the, the, the, the fourth guy on the bill with buddy Holly. He was supposed to be on that plane. You get him on asking about that. Well, I'm sure he'd like to reminisce about that. Well, you know, I play La Bomba and, uh, big bumper and you know, making fuel right at home. Yeah, of course. I hear my birthday wish. This is from Harry Carey for the bird, okay? I'm a Gloria's a co-fan and a bird man. And I trust you are too. Oh, Donutsman, a vodka fan and a beer and Pepsi drinker. And I think you are too. And if that wasn't enough sir, why are so many people listening to the Bill Mollon's flag? Sure. He's in his guests like Dr. Robert Fowler, the man who led the expedition that found the Titanic. And often's on her Joe Robby, and Academy Award winning actress Patty Jew. Another reason is, so far we have told a single caller to get off the phone, you creed me. Don't you tell a friend, the Bill Mollon's flag? Sure. I'm blind out from the morning rush. Who would show? All right. Twelve thirty three a W-I-O-D. I love that Mr. Food thing there. Oh, oh, oh. Is that Mr. Food? Well Mr. Food Jr. I see. Anyway we're really rolling rocket and sock and elbow. I'll tell you. Since we got that Red Remember Ball call, we've been really good at it. Anyway, I want to remind you that our friends from Telstra It's an as incredible 22-year-old car detailer in a plantation to go back to the guy called earlier. Got the ticket. First driver in Broward can vicked a having an obscene bumper sticker on his car. Oh, that's what he was talking about. But there was a loot, a literate of slogans suggesting the driver like to find women have his way with them and forget them. Oh, I see. Isn't that great? Great job plantation police, you fashes pigs, you make me sick. No wonder your cars are brown. Just like your noses. It said Morgan says now he's worried about another sticker on his car. It used to say hot 105, but I cut the numbers off he said can I get in trouble for that? How just his hot? Uh-oh. Can't be hot in plantation pal, okay? You have to get a motel outside the sea. I have to go like this sunrise. 1237 at WIOD, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, thank you. I've got to go to the forest club. Yeah. You don't do a request on your show, right? Well, it all depends. I mean, if you beg real hard and you promise to do exciting things. Okay, I don't want to honor a request of Glenn that said this morning about talking about the cup. But no, is it anyways? It's my show. And I want to talk about the cups of the whole show. I'll do it. Yeah, you had the thing. It's sour and hostile in his deracle because we're supposed to talk about Phoebe and the case in how big her breast are, the whole show. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait a minute. Now why are you calling up looking for trouble? I'm not calling it. I was a pity. It's a great American. He wants to give his opinion. You're interrupting him. That's right. No, I don't think you completely understand, sir. Do we have to shut his mic off again, sir? Oh, yes, yes, we do. Not yet. But we're working on it. Go ahead. You talk with us. He has to talk about Phoebe and Gabby. Sure. I mean, I don't much couple a little bit. Yeah, exactly. Now you know, Ross isn't his type. Oh, oh, that's right. That's right. But I don't have to say Neil, don't butcher below and scrub him side of the head. Okay. Alright, back. See you. What a sure. Good call. About 32 till, uh, one boy is going by real fast to them. Now Cups game doesn't start till 730. So I got some really rust pitching by the way now. We got this sports section. Winning that last call. Well, it was roll long until he came on. Oh, it's a good. Oh, this is there. Oh, just stand on the mermaid. That'll teach you. He stepped right on their tails, didn't he? Well, he just couldn't get it out. You know, he was too busy choking on those wings from that other place. Uh, let's see here, uh, today tonight somewhere. Exposed that the Dodgers at 405, oh, anal herhizers, pitching for the Dodgers. So hopefully he'll finally come back to reality. And they can win a game. That's thinking Montreal boy. They pulled out Gima last night and made me sick. I was pacing the floor all night. His name is anal. Well, I call. His name is oral. Oh, okay. Which sounds like some kind of a mouth disease. Doesn't it? So I call him anal herhizer. Uh, comes. Oh, Paul Kilgis, speaking of a disease against moths, moths for the brave. So boy, we got some real sorris coming up tonight, folks. Oh, wow. Is that a word? Smolts? Yeah. Smolts. Six and three for the brave. So boy. And Paul Kilgis with that great urn run average is last three starts of 4.67. Well, he's, see, the cops have got three great starting pictures. They got a terrific bullpen. They got three great starting pictures. Sudcliffe, Maddox, and Balekki. And then they got Sanders in who occasionally looks like he knows what he's doing. He'll shake he at best and then kill Gis who like, um, forget it. You know, every once in a while, he acts like he knows what he's doing. I'd like you could go out there and put on an act, you know, but after a while, it's sold. 20 till one at Wild. Here's a bird translator on four. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yeah. I just wanted to clarify with the bird said, just say, when you mentioned about russ what he thought about russ. Russ. Is it that word where he's more your type than mine? And then you said, what does that mean? Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Well, what does that mean, sir? To you. You don't know. Yeah. You don't know. In other words, it begs the question, what does that mean, right? And I don't think we've had an answer. Have we? Not yet. We've had an answer, but I don't think it's the right answer. Yeah. We've had an excuse. We've had a cover up, but I don't think it's the right answer. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You taught me, long time ago, considered the source. I think that's the key to this whole thing. Consider the source exactly. You have to. Sounds like a screen to me. Oh, it sounds like there's a lot of smoke inside. Now, I have one prediction here. Yeah. I predict by the end of the year, the bird will be forks intensive. Because little by little, if you hear your recordings day after day, Oh, there's not quite much more involved. Yeah, he is. You're right. He's with the horse racing. First he hated that with a pan and now he's like, he's obsessed. He even watches. I want to call you up. Well, watch the races, the replays on sunshine. That's how obsessed he is with horses now. Often I do. But at the end of the year, he will. Now, when are you in rich and not going to go out to colder? One of these Thursdays. Oh, now, guys, what are these Thursdays? That's such a lame. That's not specific. Like next Thursday. A week from the tomorrow. Okay. We'll go out and we can get there by the fourth race. That's fine. That's one of these Thursdays, isn't it? Yeah. Rick and drivers, all of his big limo. No, is there any chance that the bird could be a guest on the sports program? They were stalked. Yeah, they invited him as a matter of fact. No, they did a fine. They're seriously, they found out he knew more about a lot of the sports than they do. Oh, he didn't want to show him up. He didn't want to get them to do what they're doing on that. So the bird was fit right in. Come on. Hank knows his horse is okay. Ready? You can rip sunny in joke, is there on their way to Omaha? Is there a foul about that? Are they going to stay there? Come on. Be a nice guy. Are they bottom of one way? Take it. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Before I start any of this start that up with a sports people again. Yeah. Better be nice. Rick, we will come back in a more morning. Now I know. I know she will be here tomorrow. I think if it's all you can share or we will be here. We'll have a great talk with you. No wonder he was certainly the other day. Because that's unusual for Rick. Yeah. I'm going to shock you again. And he kept, he was in that booth all along. I never got a chance to speak to him. In fact, since we've been here, I've never had a chance to speak to Rick. But he was in the sports booth and was I walked by. He kept, he was staring at a picture on a wall to keep saying, Mr. Ravi, Mr. Ravi. Mr. Ravi. I don't understand it. Mr. Ravi. Mr. Ravi. I don't understand it. Mr. Ravi. Mr. Ravi. I don't understand it. Mr. Ravi. I don't understand it. Mr. Ravi. We're not talking about Steve. I just said I didn't agree with the thing and don't send me your cards. And I don't want to get caught into that. And now everybody's picking on Steve. After he does the show today, then pick on him. Okay? Because he deserves it. For bringing his douchebag on here. This is the worst. Well, listen to me. I'm calling. I thought I'd tell you what happened today. Just a little while ago. I'm coming out of the parking lot. I've been sitting. I'm looking at the floor. And I'm trying to get out of the parking lot. These are the big, cement truck walking the way. I can't see coming out. But finally I made it. You know you're passing in the runs in a bad place. You go, stop. So I had a car in the asshole. Well, this wasn't in plantation, was it? No, it wasn't in the crowd. Okay. Well, that's what you can say that in the Grove. There are a lot of them in the Grove. Okay. There's a rock. Okay. Have a nice day. Have a nice day. Wow. You can talk to the step all over that. Well, that reminds me of a cart that I haven't heard yet today. It was so close. Oh, it's a parked-up cart, maybe. My father-in-law's significant problem facing man today is a production of food and fiber to meet the necessities of life. Even with the so-called food surpluses that currently have plagued the United States and the Western world, if all the food in the world were equally distributed among all the people in the world, we would all be in a state of starvation. It means some of these cheats come where all. I think we're at a one, too. Let me pass the Lebanese Bobby Derrick Dream lover. Yeah. Oh, that's not a band. Now we gotta try that again. It's a very classic program for the museum. I don't like to run over the records when he starts singing. Here we go. Hello there. The Rick Shaw Show to Sunday night. Nobody QAM. Here's Bobby Derrick to say, great. Bye-bye. It gets me every time. Every time. It is. That's just as amazing as the first time. I don't think shocking is a fiction. Not even close to describe that cart. You know what? He's so embarrassing that it's just humiliating and degrading and mesmerizing. Even though I've played it a hundred times, man. Every time I kiss, I still can't believe it's over. Every time. Oh, what an honor. We get a call a day early from Mr. Come back. What do you want? I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to cut up my underwear. Just send them to Steve K. There you go. I made them a mistake. Hey, all you ladies out there in the audience. Cut up your panties and send them to Steve. You're even more than your blockbuster cart. He went on and on about this pumpkin head. Yeah. And I went out and rented it. Uh-huh. It had to be the worst. Rip off hard. I never heard of it. I never heard of it. I never heard anybody else talk about it. It sucked. Really? It sucked. That would be all the more reason to cut up any cart. Or any underwear. But anyway, let's begin with everybody picking on Glenn. Yeah, no matter how many buddies. Ben, I'm going to let him in. Didn't you hear that show yesterday? No, I missed you. Wow, if you heard of it, you go. Yes, yes. See, he's trying to slip out of this. No. I was talking about Ross, or one of our fine interns in the newsroom. What happens to be at incredible, wonderful guy. He's college student. Sounds like a nice guy. He is a nice guy. He's a great looking guy. I mean, just on a scale of 10, I give him about an 82. He's a terrific looking guy. And of course, Sharon made these terrible insults. They said he had lips like a flat bill, douchebag, platypus or something like. And we got that all squared away. And then I made some comment yesterday about Ross when he had come in here for lunch. And the bird said, well, he's more your type. He's not my type. And I said, what does that mean? Wow. Now, since you are taking up the role here in defending him, you want to explain that to me? Well, to me, it sounds like he turned Sharon down to begin with. Oh, don't you mean Ross? Oh, yeah. I got news for you. Sharon couldn't get near his puppet. Okay, that's what that, because Sharon is obsessed with him. She really is. She's just obsessed with him. I saw her crawling on her hands and he's trying to get near him. And he just walks by and laughs. So that's why she made those disgusting kind of could see her philosophies if he can't get it. Rippet. Yeah. You know what I mean? In other words, pretend you don't want to. Sounds like something our lean would write. Yeah. But anyway, I can understand with the film. We're trying to get our lean into building, but. So all of this, you horn wasn't big enough. All of this, Paul, as I just didn't choose my words carefully enough, which you have here. Yeah, I don't know what it was. It was a slip of the tongue. It was a Freudian slip. Yeah. The whole audience is in an upper room. They were talking about this at the water cooler all day yesterday. Flip of the tongue. And when I got home, I was getting phone calls and fat. I called breathlessly and everybody was just up in arms. And I think there's more than this than meets the mother. Well, there isn't. I was just trying to say something else. Because for example, if Phoebe Cates came walking in here, God forbid, because that would be the end of the show. But she came all together. I wouldn't say she's cute, but she's not my type. I would say she's cute. Well, I've kind of like to remember the script for the Phoebe Cates look like came in there. Yeah, how could we forget? And everybody was agreeable? Yeah. There were no cuts. That's right. Everything wants smooth. You're missing my point. Yeah. Okay. Well, maybe she did too. But anyway. Have a nice day. Good day. That cleared up nothing. Yeah. Well, listen, if I was in trouble, if I dug a hole for myself, I can't think of anyone in the world. I'd rather have come to my designs than Harvey Jr. Okay. I think you got real problems now. We have an open line in date 7519463 751 WIOD. It's almost time for the big one to two hours today. Right. Boy, this is just smoked right on by here. Great. Thank you. Are they not playing golf yet? All of that. You know, that's how quiet it is. I mean, this is ridiculous. Okay. And they got some nerve. They probably were upset because I went home sick on Monday. That's it. Yeah. They probably were peored about. They probably had a couple of executive meetings. Or better not let him do that again. But, uh, meantime, they don't do a damn thing in here. Nothing. All they do is go out and play golf and go to executive of a breakfast, power, breakfast, and executive three hour lunches. And then there was early mid-Actinone liquid lunch and meetings that they have, you know. Anyway, we'd like to invite you to stop by at Toyota of Hollywood and check out the greatie denying Toyota's because like I've been telling you, now is the smart time to deal. I know that leaves a lot of you out. But if you do have any smart stuff, you'll go over there and make a deal right now because the prices, you just can't beat them with a stick. And if you're in a market for a quality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Great. Well, so I hate to call you with a beast. But I know you're right. I know. But I really got, this is a serious beast. I'm very upset. Okay. I've spent a lot of money to do something I've always wanted to do. I've waited decades to go on a cruise. Okay. And I took a cruise with the line owned by your friend and mine, Teddy Baby. Yeah. Yeah. So, whatever. What I'm referring to. Are you there? I don't know what you're talking about. All right. You know, you know, Ted Aaron's in his. Yeah. You know, if it don't give me started about Ted Aaron's in. Okay, because I don't, I have nothing. You don't look at me about cruise ships. Okay. Well, is I don't have anything to do with cruise. I won't go on another one. I don't want to talk about him. So why are you taking that out on me? Well, that's why I told you. I hated to delay a bee fun. But I had to lay it on somebody. Yeah. I did out of Miami for a week and have a good time. And what do I get? I get Bingo. 25 hours a day. Well, you could have gone to the seminal Indian Red. I'm. I'd say I never eaten such dog food in my life. I'm just I'm so disappointed. Well, I didn't I tell you this a long time ago. Haven't I always said that about cruise ships and all this big, uh, song and dance, but I don't, I don't want anything to do with that stuff. Well, I don't want to. Because if I'm, if I'm going to go out having a vacation or something, if I'm having a bad time, I like to be able to move. Okay, when you're out there in a ship, you're kind of like a captive audience. Yeah, we have it was, you know, the ship of the ship of the ship and the stars are all right. But I tell you this dog food just really got me down. Okay. Well, listen, uh, my two dogs are real hungry right now. So, send it over. He was right. He was apologizing when it cost started. He owes us another one. Calcy, want to, okay. I'll think we got a little bit more compression going here. With a little bit of a little bit of a gravel. I got five. Hey, 75 degrees in the magic city. Hey, we've run past your life. Hold on a second. Let me, uh, let me stop at over. 75 degrees in the magic city hills. You're on a great storm. All of you are ready. You'll die. Come on down with it. We're going to get down for that. We're going to get a good groove. It's the right time of it. But I'll play hell on my talking to you. If you, if you held a gun to my head, if you offered $50 million, we couldn't do that again in the history. You people. I hit it. Did you see what happened? I hit it and then I screwed up and I hit it. I hit it and then I hit it and then I hit it again to queue up the record. I just started it. I never heard this car before. And he still can do it. What is that? I never heard this car. He just brought this in here. It just brought the car in here. And he was perfect. I mean, it wasn't closed. Tell you what. Oh, nailed it. Beauty. I don't think I can continue. I'm going to pray another one of those days. I go home early and there's not even a ball. You know, I can't take it. It takes a lot to impress me. That was. Stock is done. No, those of you who wonder, I mean, it were gets tossed around loosely with that. Yeah. We're shocking. Okay. Roblo and a sex act. What about close? But this. We shot. That was incredible. I think the circle may make a comeback. Now that's good. Okay. Spike wise may start playing the circle after hearing that. That was. Boy, completed his thought. Are we. Do we have this on tape? Just on a logger tape. We have that. Oh, we got it. Yeah. Oh, someday we got to hear that again. I just got to hear what it sounds like. I guess we repeated. It's unrepeated. In a million years. Try try try would never be like that. Oh. That was. I'm not. Can't recover. I just can't get it back. Prop 56 to WIOD. You're going to carve it up. Next is he's going to get it off the tape. Great. We could really make some mileage on it then. God. Oh, my God. How does he do it? How does he do it? Inheats. And up to make me flip my lid. Okay. We got an open line in date. How could we have an open line? I see that's what you people pissed me off. Okay. We just heard something that you'll never hear a get. You won't hear that on a sandy paint and show it a million years, right? You'll never hear that again. If you listen to every market in the world, you'll never hear quite that accident again. Not even on sandy snow. Well, maybe. Yeah. Don't be so happy. Fields doing talk up. Yeah. Jolson record. Don't be so quick. Boca. Hello. What? Did he eat it? What? Yeah. Arnold's burger. Yeah. This is Fat Rich Jr. Okay, Rich. I was in there yesterday. I picked me up a Neil Roger six back. What? And Arnold. Oh, and Arnold, you were in there. Well, I'm a little confused. Yeah, I just had that shocking experience that I'm still like info here at. Would you agree with me, sir, that that was mind-boggling? It was. It was fantastic. Oh, boy. I just, I guess. Still, I don't know what to say anymore. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I can understand your situation. Oh, man. You can. No, you can. I was listening. Oh. It was just, it was like it was laid right out. It was like one of those that they time out, you know, with the lead. Yeah. And it just was a mess. And now it's planned, right? Yeah. It was controlled. It was a contrived talker. Okay. But anyways, I picked me up in Neil Roger six back. Yeah. You know, it was fantastic. Right. And, um, this is Arnold was wonderful. Great. Yeah. They're nice people. Yeah. They really were. They're cooking fresh right there way away. Yes, they do. They don't see these other places that I don't want to mention in names. But there's one other in that I haven't mind that tries to pretend to be the one who I can't say. Oh, yeah. And they have them in a steam thing and they've been cooked like 10 hours ago. In fact, the one in my area went out of business. Yeah, one in my area went out of business. Yeah. Because they were terrible. And in fact, they also had hot dogs that were green, okay? Right. Those were supposed to be the antibodies. Yeah. And they were supposed to be the one who was going to ask me from 100 years ago. Okay. From hamburger bun is wet on one side. Yeah. Yeah. That's why they're out of business. Okay. So, uh, this is the real thing at Arnold's boy. They are phenomenal. So, now I never got to tell you it was a pleasure meeting. Well, thank you. Remember to remember out of Penn Dutch. Sure, whatever you said. About Rich Jr. Yeah. Everybody thought it was about Rich and you were Steve. Oh, yeah. I remember you were there early, right? Yeah, yeah. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. I was getting sick that morning. Yeah, you were. Yeah. So, I'm doing a really good on my diet too. Good. Well, Tom's losing. I messed up my Arnold. Yes. In fact, if Tom loses another answer, I think he's going to be a neutral. Ah. Well, I just want to let you know, also, my wife is a closet in the elite. Great. And she doesn't want to like to admit it, but she comes home from work and talks to all about you. And I go, well, how did you know that? She heard it through the great thing. I don't want to listen to her for a few minutes. Yeah. That's what they all say. And then she claims she only listens to it because that way there. I have more to talk to me about when she gets home. Right. She must be quite a conversationalist. Okay, listen. Have a great day. Good. Yeah. My wife's not a douchebag. Okay. Okay. But she's working on it evidently. We have an open line in Boka, 2789463, the gigantic massive one to two hour coming in the wake of that incredible. But I just, I don't know what they're all saying anymore. Okay. April, more than has the one to clock news. Steve, of course, has, you know what this afternoon and we'll be back at 105. It's the water to two hours. Hi, Brian, you're doing. Happy birthday, Andy. I guess, and we should have. Yeah. That's your insuchant instigator, man. She was so nice up until a few days ago. She was always really great. And then all of a sudden something happened. She was the instigator and she got me to kind of like, you know, fun way. I was ripping Andy, remember because he allegedly said I was ripping her. This gets pretty complicated. But anyway, then I forgot because we're nearly had it on the birthday. It was today's Andy's birthday. We forgot. And we forgot. I never would have done that. I just saved it for tomorrow. And his birthday cake is delicious. So happy birthday. And he also Todd was there in the newsroom with Jared and everybody else working away feverishly. Actually, Todd wasn't doing a damn thing. It was it. Yeah. Our time. And so what happened to you the other day? I said, I got sick. And he said, oh, I thought you got overheated. And I said, Todd would have had a bit of day when Ross was here that I got overheated. And I don't think, you know, was he okay though? I don't think he liked that. I think there's some kind of competition going on in the air. Yeah, good luck to him. Hmm. Oh, Todd does look very good today, which is why of course he didn't come in here because we didn't have any more food. By the time he came in, the burgers were all gone. And so he, you know, I didn't come in to say hi. Did he? No. Or are you guys okay? Can I do anything? Can I get you, you know, like anything? I noticed that. Don't come anywhere near. No interest. No food. No interest. Now I remember the one day, remember Ross came in and he had that paper. What was the thing? New times or something? That actually had to do with a show. Wasn't that incredible? I know we had already had it still. Yeah. It had to do with anything. He came right over here and handed to me as he kind of like, well, I didn't sit on my lap and he was going to go to the hospital. He got close to you. Close. I saw. I noticed. Not close enough. But close. I watched. So anyway, Todd, you're just, now look at that sandy smiling and laughing in the gulf falling out there because she knows that she didn't do anything wrong. Yes, it wasn't your fault. It was that trouble maker Sharon again. For Laura. What was trouble maker? We got so many. The best news of all, I guess who heard the Ricky Tickey talk. Steve seems. Yeah. Steve seems. And of course he's done all his great work. He's just. I'll drill. And you know, the most incredible part. And more. What? There's more. I don't believe it though. Well, I've been. I didn't even know that. Great. So all the great radio stages. Hey, it's the broken roll. Hey, babe. Oh, good job. What a car. Now, that's a car. You can be labeled the Kent Miss car. Yeah, yeah. I just, I'm at a warrior started. Because I thought it was over. But I stopped it just to be sure before and there's more. And he did it again. He completed his thought. As Harry would say, he did it again. There may be more on there. Could be more. What goes on and on and on. I read it to him downstairs. He said he had heard that he was just thrilled. I hope he heard that because that was probably did. When we thought you could never do it again. Ricky, never sell him short. Okay. We used to say that about Tom Denberg. But no more. Okay. We got an open line in Boko. Two. Two. Two seven eight nine four six three. Don't forget their dark. Oh, geez. I just dropped those stupid headphones. They're dark at the Carter today because they're raised on Monday. Like Johnny. Johnny, Darks are Carter. And a week from tomorrow, we're going to the track. Now don't go. You just. I always back out of these things. Okay. In fact, Ross is here to my wonder if Ross would like to go the track with us. Next Thursday. Would that change your mind? Would you be intimidated? If he said yes. Well, I would assume that there's got other things like this. Go to school. All right. Go to school. I just said it to see if I get a re-ass die. You're an off. You're an off. Why would that make a difference to you? Why is everyone looking for trouble? You could kind of hang out with Matt Rachel and all hang out with Ross. About the house like a great match up to me. And be okay with me. And you noticed Todd still didn't come in to say hi. You're a. A far-revelist right. Everybody is picking on me today. Well, yeah. I guess I'm fun to pick on. Well, Sharon started it all. What happened to her anyway? Well, it must have been when she went on vacation. Yeah. It was going to be so great. And all of a sudden she's like a bitch. No, that's that's a little extreme. And they're on. Pretty strong. Yeah. Well, let's let's put it in more reserve time. Yeah. I love it. I just wanted to do it. Let's do a little break here and talk about food which we really do on the show. Boy, that ice cream cake. That dessert that see I can't even talk anymore. I'm so obsessed with those tacos. Oh, that was Andy's birth wise. Yeah, happy birthday Andy. Andy is 20 today. Is he? What does that mean? He's 20 today. A great happy birth. It's a great age to be. Oh, boys, it ever. Yeah. You're right. Good. He's a little too old for Roblobe. But. Twelve minutes past one at Wiod. Let's talk about the Salvo is writing important. I was going to do right here at this juncture. Really? What was it? Oh, it was this car. And he's the car. Oh, that car, yeah. And that was it. That's it. That was enough, actually. Excellent job. Yeah. Great job, Steve. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm paying. I was. She stepped on it a little bit. They're mad at her. Yeah. Yeah. It's still sound good to me. Yeah. 115 at Wiod. My amy. Hello. Am I? Yes. What are you talking about food? What? Are you talking about food? Yes. We're talking about food. We're talking about food. We're talking about food. What? We're talking about food. What? What? What? We're talking about food. We're talking about food. Yeah. Can you believe that? Yes, I hear a can. But you know, I'm going to craft some makeup. But what was his name? I'm a food list. I was right. I'm telling you. I'm going to show you about that. Are you serious? Are you serious? I'm serious. I'm serious. You're serious. Why? I'm so proud of something. Okay. Well, it's your nice hearing from me. They had pizza with that thing. Oh, boy. Yeah. That's it. Even with food. I think in recent months, I've had some that he had his teeth into. We have an open line in pizza that is in Dave County, 751, 9463, 751 WIOD. That was a call. Oh, boy. What a pressure packed a bit. It just what he thought it was going to be. Another, you know, just fly through the four hours. Tencent here. Wow. Between Roblo. Oh. And. Oh. Boy, now I feel good. I hope so. Now I read. I had that great lunch from World Castle. I had nice piece of Andy's birthday cake. Got a big smile from Todd and the newsroom all the way to not come in here to say hi how you guys doing. There's no food in here. Because there's no food in here. See, Ross, at least, comes by and it maybe doesn't mean it. But he puts on the, I think he does mean it puts on the pretense of caring about this show and about us. But Todd, he makes it very clear that he don't have any idea what's going on in here. And couldn't care less. And if we got some preacher. He's ready for it. Okay. If we beg hard enough, he might come in here. That's all right, Todd. We don't take it personally. Okay, because I know you got a lot of important things to do with Jared in the newsroom. Okay. And Sharon said she'd like to watch. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. He'll play Mr. For me. Oh, geez. Evelyn. How you doing Evelyn? Okay. Nice talk to you. How you? Remember Evelyn? One, 17 at WIOD. Let's go to my, that was in a mobile car. A mobile thing. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yeah. Bird. How you doing? I'm going to be a little bit more comfortable. I don't think you'd be doing a quad pepper imitation just anytime. Oh, please. Come on. That was a terrible thing to say. I'm sorry. Well, like I was, you know, he was 88 years old. Okay. Nobody's happy when somebody dies. But he was 88 years old. So I mean, nobody lives forever. Okay. Exactly. That is correct. Tomorrow there's a horse in the seventh. Oh, geez. What is it? Dyke's image. Yeah. I know that horse. I have a little bit of a laugh, but I was in Carter one day last summer and horse came in paid about $60. Ooh. Yeah. And a broxite in the habit. I had a little little spiry port here. Mm-hmm. Uh, the other day on the Craigworthy Show. It gives you how I, how, uh, guess what I was. Yes. Oh, head, sir. We're not going to have any show. Did you call that? It said he was going to be a guest on a show. A crankshow? Yes. Well, blind mic called in. Oh, excuse. Bob Martin. And he said he was going to be a guest on WKAT. Oh, Mike? Yes. Oh, boy. Maybe he'll get his old show. Wow. Maybe he'll get his own jingle first. Ha ha ha. Here's, just, it's up the off going back to the track. Maybe we could have Phil Solsman inside, uh, source man. A couple of days ago, apparently a horse lost a race and the trainer was so upset with the horse that the trainer went up and punched his horse in the face. The trooper don't be like that. That's pretty funny. Well, yeah, if you weren't, don't hear the horse. You would be like, honey, it's not funny. It's pathetic. Exactly. So that did happen. Maybe we can find out from Phil if he could find out if any action was taken against the trainer. Or the horse. Poor horse. Yeah. Horse was suspended for running too slow. The next two things here kind of like go hand in hand. I hate it, Mitt is, but that was a porno movie that I saw not too many weeks ago. Oh, the one with Rob low in it? Well, no. I hear they're selling it at a blockbuster. That I swear to you, this is true. They're female porno star that resemble a strong resemblance to our friend. Oh, Sandy. I don't know, you know, maybe if she's looking for other career moves here. But trust me, Steve can probably verify this story. Yeah, Steve would know because he's seen every one of them. Exactly. I've only seen two out of every three. It's finally. I've only seen the ones with Peter North recently. When you get that Rob low tape. Yeah. And you're reviewing for us? Yeah, we're going to have to watch it on the air. Are you going to give us like a blow by blow? Well, it's closest we can. Yeah. As long as the plantation police are listening. We're all about that. I can only say good day. Okay. Wonderful. 20 after one at WIOD. I'll think we got the ligth and a little bit more compression going there. But we'll love to help ourselves and go ravlers. I don't know if I can find it. Hey, 75 degrees. Oh, magic, Jenny. Hey, we've run cast in life. Hold on a second. Let me, let me stop that over. 75 degrees in a magic set of hills. Oh, our great song. Oh, we are ready. Oh, dog, come on down with it. We're going to get down tonight. We're going to get grudely. It's the right time with it. But hopefully he'll have my talking about it. Oh, my, oh my. It was better than I thought. See, if people knew the, you hit the cart. You had no CD in the machine. No, I had the end there, but I punched it up to cut five. I started it and I hit the pause button and then the play button went back to one. This is also why I had it on. I punch up 05 again. Hit it on pause to get a cue. And then I started it just anywhere. Yeah, because we never heard this cart before. Okay. And then through the miracle of that blue cap man, it guys just come through. I can't believe it. Boy, that cart's probably going to get worn out. Probably have to have several copies of that. That's a class you know. We'll be asking you to borrow that on stations all over this market. You know, the man himself might actually want to hear that. You know, I'm going to make triple X's on there. Just make a special marking. So we know. I'll think we got the, let me get that little bit more, a compression go. And by the way, before we finish this later, we might let him talk up flies eyes. Okay. We'll be here myself with a gravel. I got five. Hey, 75 degrees. And I'm magic, get it. Hey, we're broadcasting live. Hold on a second. Let me, let me stop that over. 75 degrees in the magic city hills. You're a great song. Oh, we already go down. Come on down with it. We're going to get down for that. We're going to get through. It's the right time with it. We'll play hell on my talking about. Oh, God. That was, uh, be on. Why would we just put that on endless loop and played over again for 24 hours. We get a 400 shared doing that. You know what? People would be on the phone call and everybody calling it relatives in Orlando and everywhere. Oh, man, that is incredible. That was shocking. In fact, if you look up shocking in the dictionary, that cart will be right up. This is the word. Okay. It's 123 at Wild. Wings plus man. I am in love with the name sure that the buffalo is 25 at Wild and the book of Puker is getting a little practice early today. How did you know? Because that's what it says on the screen. It says book of Puker didn't you introduce yourself? Well, by now, Nick knows who you are. And so does the rest of the world. Yeah, well, what's with that guy Nick anyway? Yeah, what do you mean what's with him? He has to do the cane sure every day. Isn't that enough sir? Well, yeah, I've seen like when cane comes on. He turns into a gorilla or something, you know? Well, that's the idea. Uh, my son tried calling six times yesterday. Wouldn't let him on. All I want to do is tell Nick that he makes me puke. Is that it? That's it. Okay. Thank you. By the way, as they say in the network business, he said the feeling is mutual. One 26 to WIO do we have an open line in Boca 2789463278 WID. A lot of really sensitive chronics out there. And open tomorrow is the first of June. It's the first day of a brand new month. So chronic day. Even, maybe somebody we know would like to give us a jingle. I mean, I like the way that starts. Everybody do with the WCKR quiz. All the DJs that move through the WCKR quiz. They want to, okay, I'll pick we got the little bit more. The president's going to get with a little bit of help myself and go round. Let's play. The WCKR quiz. The WCKR quiz. Let's play. The WCKR quiz. The WCKR quiz. I got five. Hey, seven, they find the quiz. And the magic set it. Night and rear shot. We're doing a WCKR quiz. Hey, we've run cast in life. Hold on a second. Let me, let me stop that over. 75 degrees in the magic setty hills. You're not a great song. All of you are ready, old. Come on down with it. We're going to get down to that. We're going to get a great groovy. It's the right time. Well, hopefully hella my talking about. I'm going to play with the WCKR quiz. I'm going to play with the WCKR quiz. I'm going to leave a little. Well, I tell you what. Here's another great song on your great radio station. Hey, it's rock and roll, baby. I bet your mic loves this, huh? Oh. You know, I could be a favorite singer. Hey, Miami, I'm a fan of the Twale. Do it to the wild. Okay. One more time for the West Coast. Say, I'll pick, we got a little bit more compression going here. So it's the audience with the alumni help ourselves with the gravelers. I'm not quite scared. Hey, שמ�ley five degrees. And I'm magic, you know, good. Hey, we're broadcasting live. Hold on a second. Let me, you, uh, let me stop at over. 75 degrees in the magic city hills. You're on a great song. Oh, buddy. You're already, old dog. Come on down with it. We're going to get down to that. We're going to get down to that. We're going to get down to that. You couldn't drop a road in there, it just incredible. Exactly what I was thinking. Oh man, I was up in the water. You couldn't drop a Roblo pubic here in that space. That's what I was trying to do. 129 at WIOD, Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I've got a Disney Spire Report. Oh, is he out on the course now? What's he on about the 8th hole? No, I walked in these fiery points. Oh, okay. I spent a Memorial Day Week on a bit world Disney World. Yeah. And by the way, don't anybody call in the building for Mike Disney, you're ready to head on to us? They're all busy playing golf in a rough holiday weekend. And don't take this the wrong way. Yes, but. But I noted that a lot of the guys who work there are little say. Yeah. Disney World, you just noticed that? I mean, every ride we went on, the guy at the front of the car was like, and this is the world of energy. That's correct. And even the women who worked there looked a little bit. Little say, yeah. I don't know. I don't want to make any of them. In fact, when you get to the magic kingdom, they say, what do you say? I've been there a dozen times. And while the West, the kingdom, they got the Feywain. Up until this trip, I never noticed. You don't notice. I've always noticed that fact that used to be a joke that maybe it was like a prerequisite or something. That's common knowledge. Oh, yeah. Well, listen. I mean, they play up this big thing. Were the family oriented. Oh, so what's wrong with that? Oh, it's not wrong. But it's just like, well, I don't know. Okay. That's why they don't all of the family, sir. That's why they don't take it the wrong way. Why don't they take it the wrong way? Doesn't bother me. Okay. Anyway. We read MGM Studios. Yes. And we're waiting in line. And the sun is like dead. I mean, this weekend was the hottest weekend in Orlando this year. Mm-hmm. And we're waiting for like an hour to get on this little 10 minute ride. And the guy comes out to the front on his little microphone and he says, So how are we all doing in the Florida sun? Mm-hmm. And everybody was like groaning in. Well, what do you expect with people to hang around with mice and ducks and fairies all day? What do you expect? So after all the groaning stops just for the hell of it, I shout out. I'm dying over here. And you wouldn't believe the scattered applause I got. No, come on. No, the people, the way they applause was they must have been a few kneelies up there. Yeah? Because they knew what I was talking about when I yelled I'm dying. Maybe some of the health. But it was a lot of fun. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's always fun, you know. Have you been there yet? Oh, you mean to the MGM now? No, I was supposed to be there, but of course, somebody who didn't do it. Do it back in ourselves department appropriated that weekend for some other business. Oh, you know. Anytime I'm supposed to have a vacation or go away or do something on my own, they decide that that's the time for me to go do a remote, you know. It's true. It's a true story. I had it. I had it set up weeks in advance. Hmm. Well, we had it. A little snott nose douchebag in the sales department screwed up my life again, which is her greatest area of expertise. Okay. So, uh, how does person have to find a date for a new remote? You just have 100%. And, you know, should give you one date, which would be, my block could be the only day of the year that I can't do it on. And she gives me a big song in advance. Hmm. Okay. So now who am I supposed to mail my blockbuster cartoon? A mail it to Roblo. He may need it. Okay, yeah. I'm an eye today. One third while I haven't had it here, Rob might need it because he's big in the video. One, thirty, two at WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach, which is pretty amazing at 655WIOD. Oh, here's one we should have played on Monday. I'll be a little lazy every week. When Rick Weaver was here, but he's probably going to be a football. She's right around the corner. She's right around the corner. He's got a little kid. He's kind of like catching himself in midstream there. You don't want to step on him again. Like Bobby Darynt. Look what happened to Bobby Darynt? Yeah. I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to be like, I'm just going to look what happened to Bobby Darynt? Yeah. Yeah. So you, all you amateur DJs out there don't start stepping on an artist because bad repercussions could occur in your picture. And then you'll have to take the blame for a 133WIOD and Shells, shot Florida's favorite restaurant for the Bay Shellfish anywhere, has added fresh chargereal fish to their menu. That's the hand. And Shell starts each day looking over the freshest fish available in South Florida. And Tuesday's only the very freshest, healthyest fish to serve you. Each night, in fact, they got the fish docked. It comes in with little white clothes. Right. And in a status scope. And he sticks it right there and they're, Yeah. You know, and if they're okay, then they're okay. And Shells butchers, these fish into fullays weighing three quarters of a pond, portions big enough to be called stakes. And then brushes them with a light marinade made with fresh rose, Murray time and saffron and grilled it to highlight the delicate fresh fish flavors. The best and freshest fish in South Florida's also some of the most affordable fish. And the best of all is serving those three quarter pond portions are fresh. Dolphin only 795 and three quarter pond portions of Yellowfin tuna or Sourdfish only nine 95. They ridiculously low price. Shells are real seafood experience at dockside prices with five locations all over the South Florida's serve you, including the shells in Kindle. That's on 117th in sunset on the TJ Maxx Plasad just a half mile north of Kindle Drive. Hi, this is Steve Kain and buddy. You to join me on the next Steve Kain Show when my guest will be controversial Spanish radio talk show host, Philip Bay Rivera recently fired. That's on the next Steve Kain Show tour clock. 610 WIOD. The fastest post in the world. Freight spot for speeds of a 200 mile flower this weekend. Just second third and fourth. But Miami Marine Stadium. The 19-21 Miami Budweiser, Iowa Plain Regatta. The fourth is biggest and most exciting sports event your ticket is now. It makes plans to see some of the world's most famous high-rop way out. Scream in two action. I don't think they don't need variety of Saturdays and the main event starts from We have Luna from the air. There's an end of the track. There'll be a water ski show. President Biden, greater Miami's key club at 118, Iowa Sunday. It's such a $15 in good sports for Saturday and Sunday's action. So Luna's 12-month free Saturday is just $5 on Sunday. It's not. The sixth is still in Miami Marine Stadium. Or it's 14-hour ball. And bring the entire family to Miami Marine Stadium this weekend. For the speed of the station. Respect it all of the fastest high-rop plane boats in the world. Going for it all. In the 90s annual Miami Budweiser, Iowa Plain Regatta. Me there. The first step is to come to Miami on Sunday. Okay, 135 WIOD. Now, see these are the toughest tenements the show because nobody wants to talk. It was the first ten minutes. That's right. This is what you call building a Frankenstein's monster. And it throws them off when you enter their town because they're holding on. We'll be back on hold for light and you ride. Because all I could say is we died over here. Yeah. It's all those pseudo intellectuals from New York. You notice those real sophisticateds. Go anything they can say. Dying over here. Miami. Hello. Oh, New York. How are you doing today? We're dying over here, sir. Sounds terrific. You are. Yes, I'm calling. Let's grade. Good game last night. And we did terrible. That's okay. I'm calling to congratulate you and your Chicago coast is doing so well. So far. But I will be calling you back in September. Yeah. When they are where they're supposed to be. It's a damn good. See, we even have the right music for it. I appreciate that. Okay. Well, just as long as we're, you know, a half a game ahead of the meds. It'll be okay with me. Well, be for a short period of time. But I can give you the opportunity to. To gloat now. Right. Okay. We're going to run on you later. Okay. But I do hate Bob Murphy and Ralph Carter. Well, you have good praise here. And I'll tell you, as even worse, is Fran Healy. Oh, for the Yankee? No, no. He does the meds games. Well, he is for the radio. That's right. No, he doesn't do radio. It is the meds games that you don't see because you don't have the sports channel. Do you get meds games? Uh, sometimes. Yeah. Well, he's on there. Well, I carry Kira. I wasn't Chicago in 1985. Yeah. And for weekend, I made so two cubbs games. And it was incredible. Great to date him out there. Yeah. Nobody like him. All right. You'll take care of yourself. Yeah. Come on up. 1, 37 a W.I. would do. We have an open line in date at 751. 9, 4, 6, 3. And of course, I've become such a fanatic cubspan. I used to like last night when Mitch Williams struck out the last phrase. Badger and it comes one. And Harry always says, Cubs win. Cubs win. Screaming. And before that on the strikeout, he always says, he struck him out. I don't hear it anymore because I'm a screaming. So I scream over it. So I guess I should tape it, should I? Huh? Anyway, it's why I knew you'd be very heavily in. And when he's not your type, you know, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. He's not his type. No. Oh, what is his type? Like Ross. Paul, that's Peter North his type. You'd have to ask him. What do you say? No. You know who he is? Yeah. You know he looks like? He knows all those epornagraph stars, sir. He knows all those epornagraphy guys. You know, you got it. Answer still, no. Belly, but like if you decided that his type is more like every week, you're long-flowing here who could be anything you, name it. What? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? I'd say, what? That's what he said. What? He does have a massive chest, but at least, you know. It's in a right proportion, though. I've been trying to call you for a while about, about Alice. Do we know? There's cookies. Did you go on a daily show for that? But anyway, he was on, he had a show on one time, about this lady who was some lady expert. This was a couple weeks ago. And he was sitting there and she was saying, now, how? If you were super-market. And so, Grooke came up to you. And she said, doesn't know what I was just going on. And I'm thinking of myself, if Grooke came up down with super-market, you probably too. Well, this is, what does this lady, I mean? Yeah, how would it take his cart and run over to the fresh fruit market? He's like, well, you know. It doesn't happen that often. I'm like, no kidding guy. Like, I don't know. I don't know. One thing about Alice, boy, he sure got everybody fooled, like yeah. What did he say? I don't why, you got a fool, though, it was like, what did you get to see it? Uh-huh, uh-huh. I couldn't kill it. Oh, man, I was like, yeah, I don't care why I was like, I don't care why I was like. 21-22, WI-O-D. We have an open line in D. 75-1946-375-1. Well, yeah, but I mean, let's, um,you know, it's one thing that beat around to bush a little bit, to lay a giant egg right in middle of the radio. Okay. Oakland Park, hello. Yeah, this is what, yes. Hold on, man. Hold on. Oh God. You want us to hold on? What? Hello. Yes. Is it burger? No. Can I speak to him? Yes. A burger? What do you want? Um, this is Steve Paine's getting kind of pondered. Well, he's standing right in the other room now, so take your best shots. Yeah, his show is getting pretty pondered. You know, it's the only good excuse I got to listen to music anymore. Oh, geez. I was wondering if he'd be possible to get the bird to fill in for Steve Paine next time. Well, I'm sure Steve would be delighted to answer if he had a microphone. He'd be glad, well, he's going to use the birds. Which will make you feel better. Oh, how are you doing, sir? I hear you a big fan. Yeah, listen to him for years. For years. Yeah. Where you have good taste, sir. Yeah, I agree about it. You know, that's done. So what is it you were saying behind my back that you were saying? What a state of my debate. When he was in the other room. All right, what I was saying is that thought you'd make an excellent fikic for Neil. I thought I heard the word ponderous somewhere, sir. Ponderous. Did I hear the word? I mean, I might have mistaken what you said as I was walking through the hallway. Did I hear the words ponderous come from your mouth? Did you see the bumper sticker that says, mongno-pelevable? Sure, you address the interesting. I mean, speaking to him at all. So I would hate to think that you're being evasive. Well, I would hate to think not being evasive is one thing, but I would hate to think that you were this big ballsy guy. I would know that he was around behind there back. But then when you came face to face with him that you would kind of back off like a whippering coward, sir. Well, yeah, ponderous is ponderous. I mean, come on. Yes, I get that feeling and talking to you, sir. Okay, sir. And I can't be your call. I'm going to double you. How are you doing? It's great. Now, they've been great today. They have been absolutely incredible. I'm going to not with this nasty WCW. Tell me, sir, it's the Pee. Oh, no, he just tried to pretend he doesn't know you're there. So you weren't talking loud enough. You just weren't loud enough. 142, a WIO, did he? I think do that. I can't do that. We're just going to have to assert ourselves a little more here. I guess that's what it is. Well, I feel almost human. I'm going to show you the show is almost over. And unfortunately, Steve has got that Philippe referral coming in. Which I just can't believe. I just can't believe it. Just one of the most, oh, it's fast. The only word that I can think of, what I think of it. No, I don't even want to see him. Okay, he's like, walking, asking me if he's what he is. Okay? Yeah, he sure does. Yeah, I got a lot of strikes against me in his book. I'll tell you that. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, I want to hope the lighting won't. Okay, hold on. Good call. Good call. That's the best thing we've got to do. We're going to have one at line. We've got three people holding already for the lightning round. We do. Well, let's do the break now. We get over these people to want to talk. It's, you know, they're getting an ancy. They want to do a dying over here. Yeah, they do. Yeah, anybody from out of town, I think the lighting rod is probably a good public server. The chamber of commerce doesn't like it to well, but it's a real good lesson for you. What this town is, it's like a microcosm of this entire community. All in like 15 minutes. It's really great. You can get really like in 15 seconds in any individual call, like a little microcosm. If I could find that cart before we got so much, they must have brought in 8,000 cart. I know. They went nuts. I can never find this or here it is. Also, it says, Warren has spelled WHRE. Where dying over here is a chronic production. Okay, so they did great work, but they don't spell to her. Yeah, there's an H and H R E where dying over here. Oh man, talk about brain surgeon A higher. No, one of the weekends are disaster here. Wow. 143 Toyota of Hollywood on 441 in Hollywood is the number one Toyota dealer in the southeast. And the number four, volume sales Toyota dealer in the entire country. Honey, like that. So that should give you a pretty good idea of just how popular Toyota Hollywood is. And the reason they became so infamous is because they give you a great deal. They treat you like a human being. They give you excellent service. And they have an award winning service department put it all together. It means satisfied customers who come back time and time again to trade and deal at Toyota of Hollywood. Don't forget right now the Toyota rebates from the factory are humongous up to $2,500. Revates on some model Toyota. So now is the smart time during the dog days for you to find your best deal. And don't forget the use car. Lot right across the street on 441. And Mark the date on the calendar now Saturday June 24th. The Gonsamish Baja, the whole bunch of us were going to be over there at Toyota of Hollywood. Whatever, you know, the time I'm not sure, but whatever, Linda Sides will be convenient for her. We will be there on the 24th of June. So Mark the date and the counter, we're going to have some really special things. Going to give away the Bill McCoy business cards. Yeah. Which could be collectors items in themselves. In fact, what you can do is you can cut, take half of the blockbuster video card and tap it. To happen to Bill McCoy card. You'll have a collector's item worth a million. That's Toyota of Hollywood on 441, just out the Sheridan in Hollywood. This is deep paid for the East Coast Fisheries restaurant and market. More than just a restaurant, the East Coast Fisheries are commercial fishers. They have a fleet of 38 boats that go out every night and come in and bring in all that great fish. Every morning the Fisheries, the East Coast Fisheries restaurant market today was swimming within the last 24 hours. What delicious fish it is that fresh blackened sea trout with a roasted red pepper sauce, my personal favorite fried group or so fresh. So tasty, so crunchy and delicious. And of course the Olympic salmon from an award-winning recipe, fresh king salmon cook, which is the head of smoke and a delicious white one sauce. You are going to really love that one. If you're into seafood, you're not going to find it fresher better that at the East Coast Fisheries restaurant and market. Located at the intersection of West Flagler at North River Drive on the river under the Flagler Street Bridge in downtown Miami. They're open for lunch and dinner when you're in there. Be sure to tell them you heard it on the Steve Kane show. You wanna be? 146 to WIOD. Anyway, at that time I guess we just can't put it on. I'm so content now like bossy to cow. We had a great lunch and I had a little piece of Andy's birthday cake and the energy is not come by. Didn't even say goodbye. He's probably gone by now. So they're those in here. Huh? There's no food in here. Yeah, he was working on a birthday cake. Just a little joke. Now you have the energy to do that. It's not a little joke. It's a shot. All look at that Todd came in and they control room just to say hello to you because he hasn't seen you today. Yeah, no. Just a way of hiding. Say how say he doesn't need food. Of course he didn't come like him. Because he knows the food is long gone. Well, that's okay. We understand. What are we gonna say? Now do you have the energy to do this lightning room? I'm working on it. Okay. You get ready. You got the buzzer in there. Why, what are you gonna do? Nothing. What do you have your fingers on it? Picture a spike wise? Well, I think you were gonna do like a wigi board. Don't you understand? Yeah, upside down picture. That fits so perfectly man. Bill, in the go boy wise. There it is. Talk about it. He goes. Talk about getting ready to weigh with yourself. And after those trends. Okay. Let's just start in day county. Hello. Let's stay in an happen standing. And that's an idea. Palm Beach, hello. Glenn, can I have some rolling papers? Day county, hello. I am a big up and I'm still captivated. Day county, hello. It might not be as bad as everyone thinks. Pretty amazing start today. Yeah, weird. Do you want to go through with us? Yeah, I'm having second thought. Brower, hello. Yes. W-I-O-B? Those are my favorite. Oh, man. You must have been called from Plant City. I like the Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, hi. I'm Elwin, close luck, Elwin. That's almost as good as the Rob Low Story, isn't it? Brower County, hello. Neil, who is that jerk that thinks a face-to-face confrontation is over the phone? Day county, hello. Steve Kane and Bill are two Spanx amazing. Oh, the bat line is ringing again. Oh, great. Did we take it? Well, just have your hello. Rightening, rightening. Ha ha ha ha ha. That was the hot line. Yeah, the bat line. Probably from inside the building. Well, you know, since the Denver lost those two winches. Boca, hello. Dale Contra is a clear. Oh, that's the rest. Yeah. Mr. Rassigan. By the way, also if he shows up at Toyota Hollywood will have him personally escorted away. They got a special pickup truck to take him away on. Dave County, hello. Neil, I'm not ready to come. It's my whole game, my mouth. Or something. Yeah. Rower, hello. Big flower, please. Big flower. Why? I don't know. Big county, hello. Does it work? Palm Beach, hello. You bad, the Pantherer. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, sick. Did you hear that? Yes, that was the Scotton. There's another call on the bat line, hello. Writing, I got caught off the fort. You idiot, so think we're going to put you on hold. Even on the bat line, are you out of your mind? Who is the lightest around you? He wants to be put on hold. Are you some kind of a moron? And it was from inside the building, I think. Kind of like that. Is that day anything? Sounded like Bill Mullen, the main. Broward, hello. It bring growth, so you can put a day. Dave. Dave County, hello. That was it. Oh boy, he just copied it between the turtles. That was so weak. You know, to have to waste 20 seconds to let the label up again. At least if you're going to do something filthy, do it. Create it. Nobody else hears it, but at least we'd like to enjoy it. That was so weak. When I just keep thinking about this hotline. He must have seen Guyana race one times too early. Oh, yeah. That was his problem. Broward, hello. I congratulate the Allence, you know, Storm and the. Yeah. Who did he say he owns a Corvette? Yes, he did. Isn't that nice? I wonder what color it is. Did they? They'd County, hello. They'll see people out in homes. Boca, hello. It's horn and I can't get it up. That was from Boca. Yeah. They'd County, hello. Ah. Best calling, Dave. Broward, hello. I'd like to show you the pop of tour. That's me. Palm Beach, hello. Ring, ring, or not good. Oh, that's kind of like tricky. Dick Jr. They're the long. Yeah. Dave County, hello. You're a Dick. Boca, hello. You're back on your diet, you wanker. Palm Beach. Oh, well, we still have the little bar in the. Oh, God, a pony I would have known, you know, and the bad line is ringing again. Uh-oh. Since he had the operation man, he just can't control himself. Hello. Thought he hung up. Think he got caught with his pants down. Dave County, hello. I can't. I called yesterday about. Do you want to talk? Uh-huh. Yeah. Broward, hello. John, get back to work. Dave County, hello. You're a metric. Broward, hello. Is this the character? I don't know about that, sir. Dave County, hello. Wanna get a line? Yeah, good luck to you, sir. You're a speed. You ought to be like any expressway. Boca, hello. It's about a little dog, mean. Yeah. Wasn't it? Yeah, it was ponders. It may have been. It could be. It was. Yes, it was. Yeah. Well, I think he had a point though. It was worth considering for a few seconds. We might actually play this again. They want to, okay, I'll think we got a little bit more compression going here. We're a little bit, help ourselves with a gravel. I got five. Hey, 75 degrees. No, magic, shit it. Hey, we're broadcasting live. Hold on a second. Let me, let me stop that over. 75 degrees in the magic city. Hills, you're on a great storm. All of our yard, you'll die. Come on down with it. We're going to get down with it. We're going to get to that group. It's the right time. But we'll play hell of a talking about. Yeah, okay, 152, and WOD. That's how you're going to be talking about that from coast to coast. That may make it on MoriPoopic show. Yeah. Everywhere. Rowered, hello. Male, the bigger one, a two cents a get. Dave County, hello. What do you think of this? That's a hole. I'm beat, hello. Ralph Mary K wants you back on the off Broward, hello. I'm going to McBean, oh God. Oh That's likewise. Any chance he gets mad. I just desperate and of course we saw the trend so we can understand why. Dave County, hello Broward, hello. The country's pick up Tommy John Hi Boker, hello. Oh, yeah, this is the kernel from the plastic wrong there. You got Dave County, hello Okay, big Steve can't fan club a lightning ride. Dave County, hello. Oh, I don't even want to know what I'm talking about Boker They know they're there. It just takes a long way to suck. Hello, like a lapse There goes that bat line again. Hello. I say we match up Rob blow and doorplating like a Boker watch That's gonna be next Thursday on a can show. Dave County, hello Call Broward, hello The reason the birds tongue like a second gradie because Neil did it off Dave County, hello. I thought queers like poppers Broward, hello Broward Oh, this is to get them choked up Boker, hello Palm Beach, hello hey Henry open up another bottle Dave County, hello this is Alice any calls for me Palm Beach The bat line This is a climate to fall to the brush That was from inside the building, okay, does that tell you how much work they're getting done back there? Yeah, they're really good. He and that sells the power of really honest stick Dave County, hello Broward, hello Broward, hello Please me Palm Beach, hello he's more your type than mine I told him and you're the talk of the city leave me the white dog you don't have to worry. He said you're not his type Dave County, hello People are asshole Well, that was in Broward we just want to make sure we attribute it's not important. Yeah, you know, no, look everybody gets a proper credit They have a chart that they keep like pictures chart pitches in the ball here. Dave County, hello dad all these partners are douchebag Palm Beach Pal and even loves thick grott Dave County, hello That must have been call from Disney. We were waiting Broward, hello Broward, hello Her that word no long time it was. Do you know what that was? Do you know what that was? Do you know I know clue? I know it just to be on the safe side I It couldn't have been all that good, you know, no, well, what's the name thing? I could you sure? I didn't get anything out of it I think it was something vulgar and swahili or something. I'm not sure Dave County, hello They are really good today. Are they Palm Beach? Like a told log you tourist out there who don't understand the area if you listen to this part of the show every day for like 10-50 minutes It gives you a perfect outlook on what this whole market is about isn't it the only like a little microcosm of what this town is all about Broward Did I read what part third Second from the bottom like a virgin with Joseph Gacky singing like a virgin to a ballroom crowd Hank Goldberg hosted the 610 WIOD sponsored breakfast of champions to benefit the leukemia study over $15,000 was raised with 10 these breakfasted with Sanport as sports celebrities May 3rd is there anything about anybody else in here? I see the sports people got a little plug and Reniri got a little thing here Now there's not nothing about now there's a thing about the ratings, but it doesn't well it just Doesn't mention our names in here at all This is again boy Gary's yeah, this is boy Gary's newsletter and once again we didn't make it okay? No, we never make it what is that Larry? Oh, and then that's marvelous, okay? Let's go to Broward hello We didn't make the newsletter again, okay? Never we only got any five new one Good point hotline hello Isn't that pathetic that even hang up on a bat line? Volca hello Big fan in Volca that's the book a future date hello Oh, I like that call sir call us anytime, okay two three times a day date County hello Bbage Boy, he takes just like a half an hour date County hello Broward hello oh Rock you shit Right a familiar voice what's that? No, but that's for appearances, but that has nothing to do with about anything going on in the station now it's like we don't it Yeah, you're in there with one man Toyota of Hollywood, but it's like not it's like we don't even exist It's like we don't even exist okay and a boy Gary newsletter He should only hang himself with this suspenders, okay on his way back to Louisville He's among brain induced bag and besides that wouldn't know Huh is he packing now good? Well pack him sandwiches and