Now, more with Neal Rogers on New York Radio 610, W-I-O-D. It's 1038 at W-I-D. I want to tell you something. If they don't turn that down next door, we're going to, we'll both just sit here and be silent for the next three and a half hours. It's incredible. I've heard it bad. And again, my ears are, you know, how to get when they're permanently plugged up when you've got to go. That's how they are now. In the ultimate stages of plugged up, and it still sounds like they're just slamming on the wall in there. Like they're doing the NBA slam dunk contest against the wall in there or something. Man is nuts. I swear I feel like I'm staying at the holiday in and downtown Bay Rouge. I'm serious with the sounds like explosions off in the background. It's just unbelievable. Ooh. Now, should we take Johnny Dark is on six? Will you hold on one second now? Sure. I-He has nothing to do. You're not going anywhere, right? Nothing. Hold on. Because we got a mobile on here. I don't want to spend a lot of money. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I don't know. I just tuned in for a teaching across an service class. I'm through 1030, but it was on the news last night about Goldfish and Mio. Did you see that? About one? Goldfish and Mio. The entrance to that Goldfish and Mio, real of Kondo, they put up a blockade there to keep up with spring breakers. And then spring breakers over and they opted to leave the barricade up. Good. I think what they ought to do is just build a big wall around them over there and just stay in. That sounds about, right? Mostly you got a bunch of pseudo intellectual snobs over there in that part of town anyway. So how with them? They're like a lot of people, you know those islands off Los Olis. Yeah. Well, most of the people who live on those little islands are of the same genre of the same kind of pseudo intellectual elite as snobs. Exactly. Okay. This one, let's know. Okay. Maybe Mayor Cox, maybe Mayor Cox can move in over there on the Goldfish and Mio and I have to be a constant by all those people under 100. I think he's already there because they sought to him as if they showed the thing and he said, Oh, this is a good thing for the city and blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Now I think he was just, I think he was just there getting a haircut. What is one of the biggest conversations with Shaiidar? I'm getting the honor to just bag down this week. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Bye. Bye. Okay. Now you don't mind holding one more minute to do. No. Are you losing your voice? No. What? Hold on now. All right. I'm telling you, I can't, I guess. This is all like that. Huh? You should be home and bad. No, I don't feel bad. That's why I'm here today because I don't really feel that bad, but I just can't. I can't tell. I don't have the cure for your voice. What's that? Huh? What? Go get another call. Oh, hold on. You're not going to wear it. No. All right. Because no, he usually hangs up on us. Here's old Pete, my old board up on a mobile phone. We had to get Pete on because he didn't never made a lot of money over there. No, I still don't make a lot of money. I'm doing well. Listen, many isn't everything. Believe me. No. Now I feel all right. I got three things I want to tell you. First of all, a couple weeks ago I went out to a Yankee game and I got next. I sent me a my young son sent next to a it's the Gregory. All right. Another Gregory Benjamin. Oh, you don't worry. And we're probably a lot of these. Oh, it's incredible. I was sitting there. So I got up to leave. And I was going to say, I great. See you later. And he didn't say nothing. So they walked away. You are a douchebag. Ah. I did. I did. I just wanted to say. What do you do? What did you do? He did. He did. He did nothing. I mean, he didn't even acknowledge me. I mean, I did not. I'm someone to be acknowledged. But, you know, anyway, I was listening to that great WQAM Sports flying in the night Monday. And they had Harry Carillon. And he. His ass was frosted. Really? They started talking about morning and wanted to talk about the P. Rose allegations. And Harry was told them they're just allegations. And want to be positive. And if you're not going to talk about being positive, then I'm not going to talk. You know more. And interview was about a minute and a half. Really? He just, he read him the right act and he hung up on him. That really, that was my asshole. It did. It really did. Frosted. That he was PO. I wish I had it on tape because I've been tape in every game. Well, I've been to games. But I don't know why tape last night's came. I should have stopped it. But in a seven thinning stretch where Harry does the take me out to the ball game, he was so incoherent by that time. He started. Oh, what? A two. And a crowd get all excited. And there was a long, long, long pause. And he was clearing his throat and puking and choking. I want a two. And then he started out. Take. I mean, like way off, Harry was in good shape last time. Believe me. He was, he, he, he, and most of the time he just stopped singing because he couldn't get it under control, you know. Does he have an above every inning? I think so. And last last night's came. He was having a couple of extras because it was deadly. And that, that forethading was a killer. Okay. One other thing. I'll get you feel better. But I want to tell him Matt, get to work as you are. Do you pass? Okay. Bye bye. Okay. Finally, ladies and gentlemen, after waiting through all of these, super silliest calls. Here he comes, former star of stage screen and broadcasting. Johnny Darke. Now, this is not the Johnny Darke from WMCA New York. I heard about that call, yeah. Now, does your call have anything to do with Johnny cargo cups? Johnny's doing his radio voice today, by the way. So look out. That's right. Yeah. Well, so what's going on, John? Chocolate play, John Scream at best, and Robin. Have you tried it yet? Do you want to hear out? I'm not eating ice cream yet. I eat that low and delicious and all that stuff. Now, but it'll fix your voice. It'll eat, will make you see God. It is the best ice cream. Really? Okay. Check it out. Well, that was nice. That's how I've our sponsors and Johnny's doing a little plug for basketball robins. That's good, John. Yeah, the brand knew it. I know that will not get you any more food than next time you come in. Somebody left me an empty can of holy cow cola in my box. And it's got Harry's autograph picture on a can. That's a good item, though. And it looks good. And it looks, it does look like Harry though. It looks like Martin Nagronsky. Next to Guantan. Look at it. Now, seriously, look at it. And that looks like Martin Nagronsky. Next to Guantan, I'm the biggest sports fan in the world. You could ask me anything about sports. I want you to see River Phoenix's wife. You gotta get the new star, John. Yeah. When you're going to see this picture, you're going to just, you're going to have to wear depend under Garmin's room. You'll look at it. You're going to have to wear a mask. And you're going to have to wear a mask. I don't understand. That's right. This looks like one of those little boys that was in his mind. April 11 star. You can pick up WIOD in South Carol, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina. You can. Yeah. I didn't call out a few minutes ago. Say his friend listened to us in North Carolina. I want to tell you, you know, when you've been in this business as long as Johnny it's hard. No, seriously, it starts affecting your mind. I'm starting to start having these wild hallucinations and palpitations, and you wake up in a cold sweat at 2 in the morning, dreaming that you're driving through, like Wilstero, Pennsylvania, and listening to the micro-niracial thing. No, I actually was antique time. I heard on, I think it was Sunday. I was driving up a road. When I hear that show, I break out into a cold sweat right while it's on. Now, could you imagine being in New Bernard, Carolina, and listening to antique time? I can't imagine being in Miami and listening to that sound. But you can't pick it up around Charlotte because there's a station big ways as in Charlotte on the same frequency. That antique time, that's part of our power weekend on WIOD. Yeah, it's power. But seriously, you can pick it up on 95. All the way up to Walter Burrow, South Carolina. Now, if you're traveling on Route 17 along the coast, Route 17 goes from Charleston to up to New Bernard along the coastline of South Carol. Oh boy. Here's John E. Reading is the map of North Carolina. Really? Let's go back to the ballgame, so. You can get it all along the coast. Yeah. You can get it all along the coast, Tom. Somebody will call from South Carolina, and North Carolina, one of these days, in surprise you. By the way, I've been looking forward to that Shirley Peters, the guest appearance on a Steve Cange, how can I wait? I can't. I really, I don't know what's happened to Steve, okay. I think he's going into a post-menopausal depression or something. I don't know what's going on with that child. Anyway, when I drove out of town, I was March 31st, and you would not believe how many blue hairs run the highway heading out of the state. Charleston, God. Yeah. I feel better already now. Every single license plate was from out of state. You know what I know this first? Well, that must be why Palm Beach County is so quiet and how many of those calls anymore. And then I, then I looked inside the car, and I couldn't believe all the old people and I started getting very nervous, driving up there. Well, I want to tell you, John, this has been a call at the Will Live in my memory for a very long time. Why? One of these thing, Neil. Yes. I had a slight argument with the bird man this morning. Did you? Yeah. He's been a little arrogant and cocky. Oh, yeah. I'll show this week and now right away. He's like, he's like, more down he journey. Yeah, tell him what it was about. Yeah, about Joan Love it and Terry Merum. That's right. John, I love it. Is Joan Love it, right? What's her name? Oh, Cherry Merum and was on with the current point. Yeah. And Johnny thinks, and nobody, more people all laughing at this thing. Right. It was great. Johnny thinks nobody in town watches Channel 7 or knows who Joan Love it or didn't he swine long about that. I think you should take a poll and see who is more popular in a town, Merum and her love it. And I think Merum would win hands up. He thinks everybody watches 10. Nobody watches 7. When in reality, everybody, why do you suddenly give us a great subject for today, John? Anyway, I was amazed at Merum and his mind this morning. And her one? Her mind. What do you mean? Did he listen to that at all? No. I mean, I know it's difficult. I heard about five minutes coming to work. Yeah. She's got an incredible mind. What does that mean? She's got a, how do I put this? Just blurred it out. They just saved. She's got it, dirty mind. Well, what's wrong with that? Oh, I mean, it was the surprise. I'm going to go to start watching Channel 10. She has this clean cut, wholesome image on TV. And she's just, she's a real hell razor. Yeah, lots, why she hangs around with Anilot. Well, listen, every great day. And this is one of your greatest calls of all time. It probably the word, right? Which I think, I think that says it all. Okay. It's 10.48. At WIO day, we have an open line in Broward, not if you move very fast. We want to keep up with the birds pace from yesterday. I want to keep these. There it goes. Look at that now. But I hope you're impressed. One thing I don't understand. I've been out two days this week. How can we have a break here like this? Like the one we're going to do? How is that possible? You know what I'm saying? Wouldn't you think they'd be, um, waking up? Yeah. Oh, boy. All of a sudden, I feel like I'm having a relapse. Hmm. And then when I saw that fourth page from Dennenberg. Hello, I told him, what is wrong with that child? Anyway, seriously, like we got to send him to San Diego for the bottom of me. Okay. Him too. Okay. Man, they'd have to have very tiny little equal pieces of equipment to get in that very small cranium of his, you know, as a bird brain. It's 11 till 11 at WIOD. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610. WIOD. It is shocking. In the 1052 at WIOD, Miami. Hello. I'm buying over here. Yep. I know what. Yeah. The bird did a great job with you away. No question about factoring the 11 o'clock hour. We're going to be doing a poll on just how great a job he did. Okay. Like when I go on vacation, every time I go on vacation, and he does the show I come back. And then there, you know, we have to go through this like three days. He was great. He was horrible. I mean, why don't those people grow up already? Okay. This and I got the perfect five to get a gone vacation to. Yes. Charleston, South Carolina, and the week, and you can listen to the WIOD. I can carry a peek at him on the week show. And the landscape he showed. Yeah. And then the first, I can listen to Meg on Sunday. Find out how much money I'm going to bring back. Stuck a guilt Meg. Don't get up tight. She is so sensitive. She is just hysterical. Listen. Think he did this for a little bit. Yeah. They're really looking great, man. Yeah. Last night, I want to tell you about Donzimmer. I liked Donzimmer. But last night, this kid, Ken Hal, who used to be with the Dodgers, who started for the Philly's last night. He was throwing everything in the dirt. He was behind it. Every batter. The cubs are head to to nothing. There's still nobody out in the first inning. And he's got him cealing. Okay. And in the first two winnings, he's going out and just busting up potential beginning. Cubs could have had 10 runs in the first two winnings. And Zimmer ran him out of it. Okay. Listen, Neil. But anyway, it's going to be a great thing. Do you think there's any way that you can do some of the games Thanks for your for your own? No. Really? You don't want to get into that again? I'm not going to go through this whole. I mean, you know, it's like somebody's doing me a favor to get involved with that. And I'm just not going to do it. We got too many, first of all, we got some paranoid people in the sports department who, you know, you think that they're not busy doing enough. Other things. And secondly, it's just not worth the hassle. I mean, you know, I did, I think a pretty good job for six years over there. You know, I think I'm understating it. And if, if they're happy with what's going on, then I'm happy. Okay. It's just I don't need the extra work, believe me. Well, you went so much fun. I mean, now it's not a lot of fun, huh? Now it's so dry. You know, I mean, I don't let's not get into that. Okay. I mean, you know, whatever it is it is, but think they got some problems over there. It's just as dull as the ganking. Be nice. Now, would you please don't start ripping Joe? I mean, it's true, but don't start ripping. Listen, have a good day and I want to call my friend Margaret Dushback. Okay, pal. Have a good day. Okay. 1054 at WIOD. Now we got two open lines in date County, but Bockin Palm Beach are a little. I want you to do. Okay. I don't want you to start feeling, you know, 751 WIOD in date County. No, they like it when I can barely speak at all. I like that a lot. And probably a lot of lines will start dropping on. Because I think I'll have to talk a lot. But talking like this, it's not, no problem. No problem. No pain. No strain. And this is all you're getting today. In fact, you notice it's kind of like in a lower register. Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach line. Hello. Hi, Neil, I'm Glenn. Yeah. Sorry, not feeling too well there. No. I'm just going to go. Okay. I had a pleasure meeting you Saturday. A very exciting. It's the thrill of my day. Was it? Actually, that night, I had a pleasure meeting the mouth. You didn't buy me. Morton Downey, your buddy. Come on, Neil, talk to me. What do you want me to say? Well, I don't tell you. I brought up your name with Morton. Yeah, what do you say? It goes, well, he just nodded. It was a nice evening. He didn't want to say anything bad. He tried to behave himself the whole evening. It was a charity event. So you behave himself. He's ugly as a man I've remit in my life. And I think he had those words ruled, didn't he? Oh, I say I think he's looking pretty good these days. He did. What do you laugh about? He had all these grotesque words all over his neck and his face? Did he really? Yeah. And he finally, after he made the first 40 million, I guess he decided to have him removed. I don't why it took so long. He's got problems with it. He's got a big eye and a little of his forehead. Right in the middle of his forehead. Anyway, just called. I'll be feel better. Okay. And that was fun. Mead me on Saturday. My bad. It was exciting for me. Next time, I'm going to dress a lot better though. Bye now. See you. Next time, I'm going to borrow a very large dress from Shirley. I don't believe that. Is that a joke, Nick? Is that really happening to the Shirley tweeter you betcha? Oh, you know, you can come close. I mean, if you had it, I don't want to say it. I'm not Shirley's. Shirley's. I don't know. What's the word I'm looking for? Oh, be careful now. No. I can't wait to meet her. Do you never met Shirley? No. I don't think so. Is this going to be a day that I'm going to remember for a while? It'd better be nice to roll. Okay. Of course. I'll give you a left to the neck. I'm not going to go up against her. And you'll be on the moon in about ten seconds. I'm over here with this. Shirley is, I think the one more I would use to describe Shirley is militant. Okay. Militant. Okay. It's probably. I mean, she has her moment. It'd be a really nice person. But she just is obsessed with this militant. I don't know. I'm not really sure I know exactly what it is. But, uh, Militant. She's going to come in probably in the last few minutes of the show to say hi to you. Oh, she's not. Oh. Oh, maybe she will. I don't know. I haven't seen her until a long time. Yeah. We used to work together. Well, not closely. Well, 10. 57. If you're a well-d. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655. W.I.D. Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, Neil. Hey, is it sure you're from Rochester? Yes. You like become a saber fan when they got there. Where you got that? Because when I was there, Buffalo was in the American League. And I obviously, uh, you know, being from Rochester, I don't think I would be a Buffalo fan. You are a Amick fan? Yeah. I got to Amick. What's up, River? Are they? Yeah. I don't, uh, I never, where do you find that out? And, uh, boy, it's a shame we're at the end of the hour in it. No, it's poor. I didn't run to quite for a few days. Right. And, uh, wrap it up with an eating-fested Don and Bob. Yeah. Yeah. And Neil, give me your prediction for the NHL final. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Once the maple leaves got to blue that game on Sunday, I just kind of lost plant enthusiasm. I'm afraid the Canadians are going to do it this way. I'll tell you it's going to be the Canadians and the oilers without Grazki and I'm telling you, man, they're still awesome. Yeah. All right. They are awesome. How about those maple leaves, huh? Who did I go? He owned his own or about 110 years old. Harold Ballard. He did he live in Tamar? He died seven years ago and he forgot to tell him. Oleksandr have a great life. I'll see you. See you at Maple Leaf Gardens in the Gondola with Foster and Bill Hewitt. Foster died a year ago, but hit didn't stop him. He's still doing the games. Uh, we got an open line at Broward 524WioD and at Boca Line is open. I bet you'll call him today. He'll never let me down. Two seven eight WioD. I don't think he showed up by the way on Saturday. He didn't call me yesterday. He hung up on me Monday. What a douche-bra. You betcha. Come on, Veg. Just get it together, buddy. Things are not good. That's correct. Has somebody used to say, oh, I used to have this collar years ago. Things aren't enough. I like that. Yeah. Anyway, he was kind of like this guy that river Phoenix is. I don't. What is that? Anyway, Henry Burrell stands by Henry, who has turned into instant formaldehyde. This morning is standing by an ob than the WioD news. And the WioD newsroom. And we'll come back with our number two or eleven. Oh, five. Don't forget, Steve, with surely Peters at two. I am in shock. I'm Henry Burrell. News talk radio, six ten. WioD. News talk radio, six ten. WioD presents. Neorodgers. To get in touch and talk. Call seven five one WioD in day. Five two four. WioD and Broward. Or six five five and two seven eight. WioD in the fall. Or six five three. Lula. Lula. Lula. I don't know. Do you know why he is here? And that's why he is here. Don't hit the WioD in the fall. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers. On news talk radio, ten. WioD. And that's what happened. You go wait. You're out sick for a couple of days. Now he's even getting calls off the air from Atlanta. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's August and he's so ugly. Ugly. Jasmine got from a different world and she just, uh, I'd called her to thank her, Mr. and she just called and she, she works at one of the TV stations. You think that River Phoenix is going to be caught? Now they got married. Is that right? That's the room. You think he's going to be calling Martha Plimpton? That's a new wife. Marty. That's a good idea. I'm serious. This picture is shocking. You'd rip that picture. You were so in shock. If Henry could see this picture, he'd go out and see Grandma Boone for about 10 years. He'd rip. I want you to take a look at this and we want you to come in here and look at this. We'll get Henry's ex-in-the-pin-in. Well, Henry's been through it all. Henry's seen it all. He's heard it all. He just hallucinations, but Henry's seen it all. Hey, there's River Phoenix on the right and his new wife. His new bride, Martha Plimpton. And we want you to switch? Yeah. That's what I said. We want you to re-ex- and now what's a story? Which is which? I guarantee it'll be on Haralda within two months. Whoa. Yeah. Shocking. Henry looks like he just saw him. I thought he got a drink. Hey, I have a story. Oddly enough, out of the new store. Henry, you should hear this because this will interest you. Now, the headline says, Ed McMan was so blitz. He could remember Johnny Carson's guess claim ex-nanny. Okay, now he's a bud man. Yeah, like Harry. Ed McMan sometimes got so drunk. He had to be carried up the stairs of his Beverly Hills mansion. Some nights he was so sad. He couldn't remember who had been Johnny's guess that night. McMan's? Yeah, it's shocking. And then McMan's fondness for drink has been revealed by a former nanny who tells of her four months with the McMan's. The man best known as Carson Sidekick spends his spare time drinking bottles of high-priced wine and watching TV, especially his own shows that tonight show in StarSert says the nanny. That ad. Ah, she says Ed's drinking usually began when he got up around noon. There would be more to drink in the stretch limo that took him to the tonight show studios about three, thirty in the afternoon. Then any claims, sixy-sixual McMan would start drinking again when he slept a do-as-limo after he did the tonight show. That's good to make. He had sip his way home, arriving back at the mansion about seven. And then he would continue drinking through the evening. He'd get pretty drunk two or three times a week. She says sometimes I'd ask him who was on that night show. Any couldn't remember. Eventually his white Victoria told me to stop asking him. It was obviously embarrassing for her. Ha ha ha ha. Henry can relate to him. Little story for Henry this morning. He was at you with talking about. Ha ha ha ha. Oh boy. Eight minutes after 11 at WIOD. Oh look at this we got the we better run that break a little early. We got five pages of copy of it. Open line in date county, seven five one WIOD. In fact we got three stinkin' open lines on here every time I got this problem and they do the same cramped this audience. I'm serious. I'll start at the top of the rack. Alphabetically. And we'll play every you know we must have three hundred cards. Oh, these are easy. In this rack and play every stinkin' one of them. I really will. Miami. Hello. Sounds good to me. Yeah. I'm doing guys well. I know how you're doing prior to hear your voices in up the park. Um, first thing I wanted to send anti-cont. We really get a kick of that out of that show every Saturday. Oh yeah. It's a wonderful guessing game which is, which is all the thing they're calling about at the color. Wait a minute. He's going nuts here next door again. Well somebody put him on a straight track. It's got, it's just out of control here next door. And we already sent that. He could be sitting here and feeling the whole room is vibrating. It's like the end of the way the guy is nuts today. He's out of his mind. Probably rent that room out of his mind. He's got those speakers. Are vibrating on a wall to the point where they're going to just like bounce off and go into orbit. They charge for that up to skew, blah blah blah. They can forget about the cape up there. They can just give everything a scot and he can bounce it off the wall right into space. Okay. Guys nuts. Oh, they're going again. Okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Anyway, the original reason I was calling. Please. Okay. So, you know, I'm going to go to the next door for Phoenix Market Quimpton Story. Yeah. Did you say you have wonderfully that thing? What is she? Uh, well that's not a here and a there. But to say how wonderfully after accurate those newspapers are, they said that her father is George Quimpton. Her father is Keith Carrity. Oh. Quimpton is your mother's name. Well, there seems to be a lot of confusion there. You know, you're going to imagine. A lot of gender identity crisis in this. So you're going to imagine how much the rest of that story is true. Yeah. But yeah, I agree with you. When she was 15 or so, yeah, that was that look was cute. But she's getting older and it's the questionable now. Okay. Anyway, you take care of yourself. I'm trying. Good show. Bye. Bye. Now, intermittently, here, I thought he had stopped here next door. Intervently over to talk to him. He's going crazy. I mean, that's how long we've been here now. Tomorrow will be five months. Mm-hmm. Am I right? Yes. Okay. I remember here today. There's a lot of history, by the way. So there's a lot of presence. And, you know, there've been days when it's been loud. But he's just, he's gone through the, not house today. Is he on doggie upper's side? He must be listening to the, the promos. They do on GTR where they, sir, turn it up and piss off the neighbors. Did they really say that? You never heard that? Yeah. They, never did. They say that all the time. Do they? Turn it up loud. And piss off the neighbors. Sure. That's one of their big ideas over there on potty mouth radio. he must have voiced it. He did. Yeah. Well, I don't know if he's pissing off the neighbors, but he's doing a real good job on us. I know where the neighbors. Yeah. Now, where GTR is? The Rogers neighbor. Well, it's that time. If I can get to this, it's going to be better. It gets started on 12 minutes after 11 at WIO Day. We have an open line in Broward and one in date, by the way, just mentioned that in passing because the audience is like a bunch of douchebags to tell. Okay? We've been telling you for the last few days about Citron Auto in John's Auto Sound and all the great things they can do for you in your automobile. Here's a Neil Rogers WIO Day special for this week. Only a complete overall and ample paint job for cars only just 299 bucks. When you mention Neil Rogers and you won't find this quality any place else. This isn't some kind of a Schlock paint job. This is a super duper quality job. Just 299 complete. Also, a special quality Rogers price on all window tinting just 79.95 complete perfect with a hot weather on a way. And of course, with a lot of you wanting to do a loot and a serious thing in the privacy of those tinted automobiles. Okay? And don't forget Wednesday is senior citizens day. Every one over the age of 55 gets to 10% discount. And Thursday is junior citizens day. Every one 54 and under gets a 10% discount. And every day is insurance day, of course, Citron. Here are their locations. There is Citron North in the North-Aden Southwest Broward Area at 47th Avenue in the Palmetto. Citron South in the South Miami, cutlerage in homestead areas at US-186th Street. And John's Auto Sound for those of you in a Hollywood Pembroke Fort Lauderdale area at 441 North of Pembroke Road. Comfort an appointment and be sure to pick up your unbelievable bumper stickers at Citron Auto and John's Auto Sound. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Thought Radio 610, WIOD. Please hang up and try your car again. Please hang up now. This is a recording. It's 16 past 11 at WIOD. You notice how we've had a lot of response to Johnny Darks question about Joan Love at this very Maryland. We also had tremendous response about Stan Walken Offley, Fowler show yesterday after only 10 minutes. So as usual, the audience is really in tune with what we're talking about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Just great. Good to talk to you. I'm sure you're show. However, sometimes you drive me crazy. Last week I was listening to your show and I wasn't able to get back in. I went out of town, but you were talking about going on vacation. So place called Jackson Hole Wyoming. Yeah. And you started to cut it down. Let me ask you, have you ever been there? No. You know, that's what irritating about your show Neil. Sometimes you talk about something. You don't know what's the hell you're talking about. I have been in Wyoming, sir. Well, I have to have been to Miami in a great place. I've been a Jackson Hole that you can't compare to. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's like the armpit of the world. Jackson Hole is beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. So why do you cut things down when you don't know what the hell you're talking about? Well, I apologize, okay. Oh, okay. It's like that. I stand corrected. Gosh, I was hoping to get a nice argument with you. Well, I don't have any voice, so I can't argue with you today. So no matter what you say, all right. Get well, my friend. I enjoy your show. Thank you, sorry. Okay. In spite of it, all right. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. I don't think Jackson was the first part of the word he was looking for. We have an open line at Dave County 751 WIOD. Here's Lou from Philly. Yeah. We're here. We got a couple of big holes in Philly too. Yeah. Nice. I spent one week in Miami to stay at seven days and it's been great listening to your program. This in all found wells are really dead at for me. I came down for a week to do a little plunging cabinet to high LIA, laying around the sun out there at the holiday in in Newport picked up your program and it really added to my week's vacation. But I got back in the Philly and it's depressing. This is my first day back on the job. I had to listen to Alan Burke trying to get people to quit smoking on the air. So I'll go about pondress. The thing that Alan has the greatest success with along those same lines is getting people to quit listening. Everywhere that he's been, he's been very successful at doing that. Well, occasionally I'll tape his program. Then when I want to take an app and he afternoon, I put it back on and so in other words, you're calling from Philly right now. I'm here right now. I also excited. Probably listening to us too. I'll tell you. I need a fix. I just had to get back into the groove. Great. But I got back to my office. I find out my secretary. I come into his ring. It's raining cats and dogs here. I get into the office. I find out my secretary is scheduled to be to go to the dentist at 10 o'clock. I mean, it's been a real bummer. But I wanted to thank you for all-bound wowser. Bow-hour. Bow-hour? At least say it right. Okay. Well, I mean, if you catch the ticket, at least get the horizon ticket and listen, I doubled up on man to stand. But he ran around a minute second with so he broke even on. Well, man to stand was going to win the race, but then with a 16th of a mile to go, he walked out. Yeah. He just couldn't hold on. Yeah. And I listen to the birds program yesterday. I really enjoyed those old jingles back from here. I did too because I was sleeping like a baby. It was green. I, but you know, you got a great show down there. And you know, really made the week for us. We're we're came with three paternity brothers. And we did the, yeah, what are they all saying? And here are we 60s. And so we, you know, we really got into them the stalship with those jingles. Okay. Well, listen, say hi to Irv Homer for us. Okay. Irv, you know, I'm going to see this afternoon is um Dominic Quinn. Oh, yeah. You go to the same health club all of that. Well, that's great. He needs it. Believe me. He's 110 years old. Good talk to you. See you. Wow. 20 minutes after 11 at WIOND. I bet you didn't have any calls from Philly us today. No, not a one. Mr. Hot Shot. Well, we did hear from Pin Sukho. Oh. 751 WIOND. That's where that out of town line is open and Dave now. And we got a call from Davey Dammit. I'll be damned. Hello. Hey, what's up? Is this Billy Bob? Yeah, this is Bob. The baby. Bob Billy. Hi, hey, Bob. Hey, hey, how come you cut down the land of braze? Cause they suck. What? Hey, they won last night. No, they would lost 10 to three pell. Oh, well, let me look into paper again. Yeah. Hey, I need a favor from you. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. That was Tuesday. Yeah. You were coming in the wrong day. Oh, it doesn't even have to resolve any or in this Mickey Mouse's son, sentle doesn't even have the final score just as night came. Will you should get the my mural? Atlanta 1-8-4. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing. Dale Murphy, this spring was hitting 125. So, and he's the only hitter they got on the team. So what does that tell you? Uh, they got General Perry. Yeah, like I said. Now, he, you're all Perry hits for average, but he just, um, not a, not a, run producing guy, you know? Yeah, I think they're in last place again this year. I think so. Hey, so, uh, I used to drive on the road. And I remember about four or five months ago, you said you were going on a diet. What happened? I've lost 38 pounds. Oh, 38 pounds, huh? In fact, I'm eating my neutral systems spaghetti and meatballs. Why does I speak to you, sir? Oh, okay. I need a, a favor from you. Yeah. Can you call my? No, I don't, sir. I don't call anybody anything. If you want to call somebody a douchebag, you stand up for yourself and do it. Okay. Brad, gem, and Ronnie, you're all douchebags. Excellent job. Thanks a lot. Put it on a better myself. Bye. Bye. How's your sandwich today? Looks pretty, um, it's not bad. Ponderous. I'm just eating lunch while you guys, you know, rehash the braves and everything. I love people that call up and defend the braves. That's, uh, welcome to Sports Talk, Jr. Or it's 22 fast 11. And they also a lot about the cubs, too. Oh, yeah. I mean, forgetting whether you're interested or not, but it just no matter what I've talked about, as always, they have, uh, even Johnny Dark Hank had a response about Joan Love at her Terry Marama. That's surprise. Must be those horny guys out there in the audience who are always doing a heavy breathing. Must be they must, uh, had a lucky night last night or something. Can't believe that one comment. Maybe they ran into River and Marty. I like that Marty. I swear to you, if you saw this picture, did you see it? Oh, wait till you see this picture. You can't get over it. If they aren't on her order within two months, I'll be shocked. Get the April 11 star. Page 15 is in a bottom right hand corner. Color picture. And if you can figure out which one is the guy, we will pay you serious money. Okay, if you can figure out which one is the guy. I wish I guess if I got the right spot out now, we'd be in good shape, right? It's 11 23 a Wild. I don't, I don't know if my voice is going to get any worse today. I hope not, because this is about them. You know, not as low as it can go. And we've only got these. One thing I like about our continuity now. We got these 45 minutes spots for every account now. This is what I like. Anyway, I think we can condense it, right? Oh, good. By saying, if you've been watching TV and noticing all the specials for seafood restaurant slightly, all I have them in a very limited hour is on certain days when a French Canadians are looking east and all these other restrictive kind of thing. This does not for three minutes before you get to this spot. Exactly. But we don't have to mess around with all the preliminarys because we can tell you there's one seafood restaurant that doesn't try to lure you in with limited offers that are only good, you know, between Sukhus and Porom and stuff like that. And of course, we're talking about shells. Shell serves the same great seafood day after day, week after week at the same great prices that have made them Miami and Fort Lodderdales favour it seafood restaurant for the past two years running. So you stop in soon at any of the five soft-floor to shells and find out how great a true floor to seafood experience can be and how much more enjoyable it can be when it served up at dockside prices anytime you want it every stinkin' out of the week. Okay? So here's one near you in sunrise on university drive just north of sunrise Boulevard and in north Miami beach on 163rd Street just to quarter mile west of Biscayna, in the closing line they say shells is a nightly shell abrasion and I was wondering the other day if Ron St. John, we're doing play by play for the Miami Heat. How would he say sitting on the bench? It's 1125 at WIOD. Now, more with Neil Rogers on NewsBot Radio 610, WIOD. Okay, it's 1127 at WIOD. What is this about Marlon? Well, this has been moved as he moved in with Marty and the river. See the headline in the star, Brando Wattles off movie set $1.4 million richer? That's the headline. Marlon Brando looms larger than life on screen it says and the star too large for his own liking the site of his cellulite on celluloid so upset the sensitive superstar that he waddled off the set of his new movie. Now plans for the movie Jericho which was to have been all these big stars are walking out now. Stan and this was going to be his first starring role in 16 years as come tumbling down. It says unlike Brando's weight, the frame is frozen at a formidable 300 pounds despite his attempts to die it. But he made him 1.4 million off the picture. Brando's weight problem dog the film from the start movie boss is constantly nagged the overblown star to die it. Brando the balloon it says got so deflated he would go on eating benches than disappear and sleep for days. Director Donald Canal the actor's old friend was left disgusted over the 18 months it had taken about your part. It took 18 months to prepare the film. It's 1129 at WIOD where we have. I'm telling you won't hear these stories on the show. No way. We do have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD. 524 Marty and let's go to Miami. Hello. What kind of a phone is this? I can't hear anything you're saying. You're like you're on a different world. A Neil. Neil. Early hear you. A Neil I have to go on to speak in a film. I can't hear you don't. Doesn't he understand then he kept the message you're going to have a call back. Look at that right down the middle now we got three lines open. But you folks here it happens every time. Did I say that the other day? On Tuesday. Yeah. Every time. I guarantee what day is this Thursday. Yeah. If I didn't have the flu every line would be lit and they'd be talking about Joan love it and the Terry Merrimine and they'd be talking we'd have the Cubs people calling in. Boy. But boy no matter what it may get even to what I talk about. That's what Harry was doing all night. Why can't I do it? If it's good enough for Harry it's good enough for me. He was I'm telling you he was so out of it last night you wouldn't believe it. In a different world. But I guess nobody saw it so they can't respond to it. 11 30 a W I O D we have an open line in date. 75 one nine four six three. I if it gets to a certain araspeness then you start sounding like Larry King. Coral spring. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. It's not a lot better today. Oh yeah. So I'm too good. Oh. Neil what happened with Stan on the set yesterday. He walked out and we're trying to find out from somebody who heard it. Every time we get these Palm Beach calls they're about boring stuff on JNO and PBR and when we asked about something specific it's like they've all got locked up. Okay. Why didn't know Stan was going to be on the radio yesterday. What I said Tuesday but he was in Washington and his wife had a cold or something. I don't know an infection and they couldn't get back till yesterday. So they postponed the show for a day and he was on for ten minutes and the other guy started getting abusive during the break and haven't only wanted to get into a fist fight or something and Stan told him to stick it where the Mundo and shine. Well he should have stayed on the air and gotten into the fifth favorite on the air. Yeah. I've got a 90. He would have gotten on her auto probably. No problem there. Neil I got a little satellite dish story to tell you. I'd rather put a satellite dish in his yard about four or five years ago and the city wrote him and later about two years later tell him he had to remove it. What city is that? Uh, Faumpano. Faumpano Beach. So he wrote him a letter back to him where to shove it or take me to court and that was the last of that. Really? That's about two and a half years ago. Hmm. Well good for your dad. Well that's where it stands and I know my dad is listening right now. He's trying to fool everybody by saying he doesn't but he's hanging on right now. This is your son talking. Okay Neil. Okay great story pal. Let's talk to you later. Bye. 1132 at WIOD. We have an open line in number day to one in Broward. Seven and five on our poll question today is there anybody alive in South Florida? And I think we've already got the answer going. Well in honor of our next spot, I'm just not going to pay any attention to the poll and I'm getting really, really disgusted with them. Okay. Pay no attention to me. I think Johnny dark had a really cute little question there. Me too. And we could add some fun with that. But this is not a fun town. These people are a bunch of deadheads. Okay. And his WIOD audience man. Remember me talking about that a couple of weeks ago. We still have got a lot of work to do. Yeah. It's going to take probably till 1991 just to get some of these people out of the coma that Bill Smith put him into. Possible. Really? Some of the people are still sitting out there in their chairs and haven't moved. When was he on? About two, three years ago. Yeah. They haven't taken up breath since he was on a station last time. First you get down on your knees. That all with your rosaries. Oh, you're ahead. We have great respect. And you've got to take a flex. Yeah. Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the content. Everybody says on CheerioLays, on doing a riding and riding. Right in line in that procession. It'll step into that small confessional. There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it safer. Take the wine and chew the wafer. Two, four, six, eight. Flying to France up Stages. I guess down upon your knees. But all with your rosaries. Oh, you're ahead. We've great respect then. Take your flex. Take a flex. Take a cross on your abdomen. Come in when in wrong do like a wrong man. Our Bhameria. You've got to see a can. You're riding and doing the riding and riding. Right. Okay. The reason we're playing that is because Tom Furi is coming. Very, very soon as a matter of fact, actors play house down in Kendall. Hmm. What do I mean, it's coming. Oh, that's right tomorrow. The reviews were yesterday and today, but the opening is tomorrow through the 23rd of April. And performances will be Wednesday through Saturday 8 PM Thursday Saturday and Sunday, Matt and there's a 2 PM and Tom Furi, of course, is like a collection of all of Tom Lair's clever and the popular Woody satirical things. Okay, from the 50s to the mid 70s. And I've got them all on record down there in the thing there. But of course, if we get ever cart some of muppeyed play more than just a Vatican Ragnet's only when we have here on cart. All we could play some of them on record, too, I guess. Couldn't we, during the days to come? So if you're a Tom Lair fan or just want to have some good laughs, you reserve your tickets by calling the box office at Actors Playhouse at 595. Oh, oh, one, oh, don't forget Tom Furi, a musical in Traveganza, words in music by Tom Lair starts opens officially tomorrow at Actors Playhouse. Tickets also run sale at all ticket master outlets again, reserve by calling the box office today. 595. Oh, oh, one, oh. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New York Radio. On New York Radio 610, W-I-O-D. We do that just for Johnny Dark. It makes him feel like he's still in the business. We still have two open lines. I'm telling you, you felt really, I really mean the few people are just inhumane. They're sadists, you know? I mean, we don't need all the lines at all the time, but wouldn't it wouldn't you feel better? If you felt the audience knowing that you can barely... Eek out of squeak, wouldn't you feel better if you had the feeling that they care enough to send their very best? Yeah. And they don't. No. Never. They never have. We have an open line and date at 7-5-1. What's going to happen if I keep talking like that? The Bill Smith Crattle Company. Point and Beach, hello. Point and Beach. Oh boy, we missed a good evening there. David. Hey, what's going on Neil? Yep. I'm sorry you're not feeling too well, but I was... I was listening to the Sports Talk Friday night, right? And you might have some competition coming up because I got to tell you, Hank Goldberg and Joseph Gekke are a scream. The two of them together are just absolutely unreal. I want to tell you, Sports Talk really ticked me off the other night. They had these two... two of these local local sports writers from the newspaper's on. And it was after the opening game on... it was Tuesday night. And I had watched the game and it was one of the most exciting opening day games ever seen in my life. And Mitch Williams pitching for the first time ever for the cubs... had the bases loaded, nobody out in the night fitting. Cubs had five to four. And he struck out the side, including Mike Schmidt and... I forget who the other guys are. They're going on talking about how Mitch Williams sucks and how bad he is and how he'll never get anybody else out. And it's so typical of this time and nobody in his town wants to give anybody credit for anything. Yeah, that's... you're at least there on the Yankees, of course. Yeah, you're absolutely right to everybody's tune the... But you're front running on New York douchebags. Okay, Yankees lose every game the rest of the year. By a minimum of 10 runs a game. I know a lot of people down here like the ages, if you don't like them either. So it all works out. So anyway, so I'm listening to Hank and Joe and they were talking about a multi-player trade that was going on. It was like 14 players going four different ways and I forget who the teams were and everything. And Joe says, gee, for that kind of trade, this is really neat and computer. And Hank looks at Hank, it turns over to him and says, this is worse because your post Joe, right? And the whole night was like that. I mean, they were just absolutely hilarious. Yeah, you got to watch that. You got to watch out there, funny guys. I'm watching out. Have a good one. Okay, are you going to watch out? Wow. Boy, now that call sums it up for today. That's quintessential. Boy, oh boy. And it's something again. That story's seen up to. Pump again. Wow, if I would have had any idea. I don't know. I could have called in. They had delivered the copy to my house, like done the sponsor in my house. Okay. There is an open line in Palm Beach, 655, WIOD. He's starting to really piss me off over here. And he's really starting to get out. You know, how loud do you have to have it? He's not on the air. There are a lot of people including me when I'm playing music on the air. I like to have it loud because then you get into it. You know what I'm saying? When you're a disjockey, you play your music. A lot of people do. They play it real loud. They like to get into the music. Sure. He's not on the air. He's doing production. You know what I'm saying? How much do you have to get into that? Oh, man. 1141 at WIOD, where we lie a lot, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Let me try one more time. WIOD. Hello. Me? Yeah. If you want to kind of radio us. Yeah, why don't you turn around. That is what it's called. No, let's see. No. It's really neat. No. This is going to be a... Oh, don't love it. No. You want it? I say sports. Hello. You see the way the American central destroyers to attack a ran? Ha ha ha. Oh. Whoa. Oh, here's the perfect card to play after that call. We play this perfect card to follow up on that last phone call. Ladies and gentlemen, we are experiencing technical difficulties. Please stand by. One moment please. We'll return to our regular these scheduled program momentarily. This is perfect or what? We expect to resume normal broadcasting shortly. Be sure to stay tuned for Geopardy! I think I'm already in it. It's 11.43 at the UIOD. The thrill of a lifetime here today ladies and gentlemen, we have Palm Beach line open at 655 WIOD. See, the only way can get around this throat is lower and lower and lower. I know. Miami, hello. Neil. Yep. How are you doing? Okay. My throat sounds as bad as yours now. You hear about those two American streets, face chips on the way to Uranus? That was pretty good. I think he has a little bit off on that call. Yeah. By the way, Neil. John Leve was on a ship. Yeah, that's right. She's going to take care of the single hand. Or was it John Leve? It was on it. They were taking him back home. John Leve. And more people. I know, I know. Just control yourself. Go ahead, sir. Hello. Anyway, hello, Neil. Hello, bird. This is Evan. He's coming in. He's coming in. This week. Evan called while you were out. Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering. I know you don't take requests, Neil. That's correct. But the bird can't seem to remember the sound of sign-up. Sounds of sign-up. Yeah. Do you remember that song? That parody that you got played? No, there's one called Ronnie. Yeah, no. You play the instrument. Yeah. But then I would call the sound of sign-up. No, never heard of it. Oh, well. Now, what does this say, Evan? Now, he asked me, and I didn't hear of it. Now, you went and I asked Neil, and Neil didn't hear of it. So what do you think? Were you hallucinating? No, I just think it's slipping everybody's mind. Okay. One day you guys would come across it or you guys erased it. No. I know. Never heard of it. Oh, by the way, I've got a CBS fire report for you. I was watching Wiseguy last night. And they said something on the... Wait a minute, wait a minute. I want you to get this, okay? Yeah. Nick is just typing me and though it's Scott will cooperate and so will GTR on their monitor levels. And his he is typing that. The thumping was starting again here to my left. Okay. Well, why is this day? I feel like it's, um, you know, like a Jewish holiday. Why is today different from any other day? Manish Tana-Halala-Halala-Halala. Is it pace-ah-hal ready? It's getting pretty close. It must be celebrating early. Okay. I mean, every other day they seem to most of the time. They seem to be able to get through their day without driving us out of the studio. Oh, that's Scott. He could talk. Like driving the Arabs into the sea, you know, I don't understand it. Maybe, um, what's his name is over there? The militant, uh, what the hell was his name? You know who I'm talking? Go ahead, sir. No, I'm surrounded by people in a coma. Go ahead. Oh, okay. Uh, CBS last night during Wiseguy. The militant is really, you know, what, who the hell am I thinking of? I don't know. Go ahead. I'll get no idea. Hey. Ha ha ha ha ha. You know that show, Wiseguy? No. Okay. Well, it's on CBS right now they're doing a thing on the radio business and music business. You may want to dump this, but last night, the guy was describing, uh, country singers. He said, on TV, they said that. Well, why did you repeat it when you knew I had to dump it? I mean, if they can't say it on TV, why would we, but they have to say it. I understand, but why would you say it here? When you know I got to dump it in that prime, why are the sensors might have like, uh, screwed up? Yeah. Oh well, Neil. Have a nice day. Whoops. Don't ever call again, okay. It's 1146 at WOD. Yeah, Mitch's studio is quiet. That's true. And so is this new one over here? It is deadly quiet. There's not a peep coming from there. And they're never will be. We should live so long. There'll be anything going on in there. Okay, we're really picking up some steam now. Are we? At 14 till noon at WOD. These steam today has got a show. I don't know what to do. Yeah. I don't know what to scream or eat, uh, trachita banana. Is big beautiful or is it revolting, nauseating, and a real turnoff? I think the latter part is definitely true. Fat is grotesque. Okay, ugly. And of course, former WOD's news host, Shirley Peters, says, big is beautiful. And if you don't like it, stick it in your ear. As Shirley is want to say. That says, if you don't like it, it's because your prejudiced, showvenistic douchebag. Well, is being fat only a women's thing? How about fat men? Is just as ugly as fat women? Good question. Good question. All right, not. I take that back. Fat women most of the time are ugly, because they got like more folds in more different places. Okay. No, not my or Cahani. They, they former minister of defense. Not Moisha, Moisha, Dimaisha, Popeye, no, the big fat guy. The Buddha. Uh, Buddha. No. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. No one has a clue. The Minaham bigans minister of defense, the one that wanted to go in there and bomb everybody, except the Ronald Reagan. What the hell was his name? You don't know who I'm talking about? I think fat rich has been putting on this Jewish ad for years. Ha ha ha. It's 12 minutes till noon at WIO, the in fact when he had his bar mitzvah, he crossed himself. So I don't know what that means. Right now, you can get out of the habit. You don't have to just go along with the crowd and continue eating that fast. Well, you know why they call fast food junk food? Because it is. Exactly. Exactly. And, um, you know, the food at Chahat is fast. I mean, relatively fast. Sure. Not quite as fast, but it's not junk. It's great. It's made with a finest ingredients, never any preservatives or additives. And everything is cooked fresh. Right while you watch. It's a mihia as they say in West Germany. It's a real pleasure to watch them. Cook right on a grill. Well, they're big into that charborelling over there. And you're going to love those juicy delicious charborelled burgers and hot dogs in the Italian sausage and the charborelled chicken. It's like natural. It's said that chicken breast right on a grill. And there's nothing ladies like having your breast right on the grill. At Chahat, there's seven soft-loaded locations. They all serve Coca-Cola products now too. And they even have those exactly, are y'all sure wrong. Oh, thank you so much. This is Louise. And they also have those unbelievable bumper stickers at the seven-safelor to char-hot locations in Marquette for Lutterdale Sunrise, Tamarack, Davy Hollywood, and Miami. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Thought Radio 610, W-I-O-D, 1151 at W-I-O-D. Good morning, Americans. It's Thursday. Lonnie Anderson ordered $2,000 worth of English flannel diapers for little quinton. No disposables for Bert Reynolds' baby. Aren't you glad to know that? While people are starving to death in the streets, little quinton is getting a new flannel thing on his twitch every day. Wow. Isn't that cute? Let's go to plantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I love during Maruman. I didn't see the river phenix picture at all. I didn't listen to W-J-N-O, so I don't want to have a stand. I like to brace because they keep silly satellite's place. I got my bumper sticker to- Wait a minute. Wait a minute. The braves in a fillies are not in the same division. No, but in the long run. In the long run? Yeah, they are the way. They're in the national leg, right? Yeah. Keep them at a satellite's place. I got my bumper sticker to our hot and sunrise. I'm from Philly, I've been to Cheyenne, and Jackson, Hawaii, I don't care about Shirley Peters. I'm Blair Maruman Brando's fat and rich, and I want to call myself a douchebag. Is that about coverage? That's a good job. There's a nail. Yeah. When you're on a TV show, kind of fair, whatever. Inside story. What? Same difference. Yeah, same thing. Was Nick the guy in the, in that two? No, that was Roger. Oh, he's cute, isn't it, Godly? Oh, what is that? The mix says yes. Ha ha ha. He's also very insecure, I guess. Why is that? Well, if he thinks he's ugly. He's just trying to be agreeable. See, if he would have said no, then he'd said, he's, you know, he's disagreeable. He's trying to be agreeable, and you know, not a large time. He can't wear her. Well, whoever that was on that was fair, keep it. Anyway, I'm listening. Okay, I know this real good optometrist for you. Okay. I already go. I need to do it. I guess. I think so. Listen, um, so I covered everything, Johnny, Dorothy, everything. Ha ha ha. Say goodbye. Good bye, Neil. Ha ha. Seven till noon at WIOD. Taking office pools to see how long I can make it today. Ha ha. We have two open lines in day. Of course, 751, WIOD, one in Broward at 524, WIOD. Moving right along. Why is it on the days when we don't give a demo about anything to do with Palm Beach radio? We get all these stupid calls about Dick Ferrell and this one, people that we don't care about, that nobody in data Broward cares about. And on the one day out of the year that I'm curious, because I talked to Stan last night, he called me. And I'm just curious to find out, you know, what really went on there. What happened? What did they say? Nothing. Yeah. Absolutely nothing. Dear field B, Chelo. Hi there. Yeah. It's a miracle. And it's also a long distance for one time paying for it. All right. This is the RF guy. You know, the one that told you you're going to get cancer, but don't hang up on me. Oh yeah. Okay. Why 100 spiral port? You're going to die on this one. Uh, an athlete's foot was doing a, uh, a spot for, I guess it was low jack. And really? Yeah. Yeah. And he gave the phone number out. He said, call 1-800-330-TH-I-N. For low jack. Come on. Yeah. Math it that. Mm-hmm. Wasn't that funny? Mm-hmm. And then like they tried to like boil it off a couple of minutes later, and laugh about stupid things like they always do, huh? But anyway, I'm going to tell you something. I could be getting some valuable stuff. Ha ha ha. Oh, come on. I'm using how this boring is this. Uh, my hopes are for your case. Yes. This is, uh, this is deadly. I'm paying for this one. Okay. Well, listen, thanks, like $1.55 at W-I-O-D. Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yep. Bird? Um, sorry. I don't know anything about Stan and, uh, West Palm Beach. You know, the, one good thing about the audience today. Nobody knows anything about anything. I mean anything. Listen, uh, I got an idea about your vacation. Yeah. Can't catch this. Is it possible in Mexico? Mm-hmm. And if you go there, let me know how much it costs. I heard it's pretty cheap because, uh, supposedly American dollars two for one there, or three for one. Yeah. And also, I'm from a real small town. That's obvious. While I live in Hollywood now, but I used to live in a small town. You know, I thought after the last call, I didn't think it's just possibly get more ponders, but man, this call, oh, God, I mean, you're a wonderful guy. Don't get me wrong. But you got like a genetic thing in your voice. You know what I mean? I don't know what you mean. Okay. Well, hey, play the different. Huh? Play the different. Now, there's just a certain tone in your voice. It's very soothing, you know. Well, let me, let, let me try to guess what town I was from. It's near Marshall. Near Marshall, what? Michigan? Michigan. Oh, Albion. Now, it's battle to the arts. It's battle Creek. It's small. It's in between. Michigan. It's more. It's East of Marshall. Lima and South of Albion. Real small. Cold water. Concord. Oh, Concord. Yeah, you remember that time? I sure do, yeah. Have some great memories of Concord, Michigan. Oh, yeah, bad. If you blank, you missed it. Okay. Well, listen, thanks a lot, Pat. You've been a tremendous caller and call us again about Circus of 92. Hey, 1156, a WIO day. We have an open line in Brough. I'm serious. There's a thing about the audience of this radio station. I don't know what it is, but I'd say about 95 percent of these people sound like they're on milltown. Don't they? Today, lately, yeah. No, I mean for the last few weeks. Now, I don't mean just for the day for an hour, for the last several weeks. They sound like they're on some very, very heavy um, downer, doggy downer. Cooper city, hello. No. Yeah. I think you like the girl. I think you're not at awful ready. Hello. Yeah. Speak to us, sir. Come on. We know you can do it. He's playing with a radio or with something. Well, are we going to do this all day, sir? We could go till two o'clock and do this. We could preempt the news. I am talking to you. Do you have a question? I am talking to you. Do you have a question? Do you spag get with it? Well, man, they're there. Law and play. Play with the radio. He's not talking to me. Not talking to, uh, see, ordinarily I'd hang up on you. But I'm enjoying your stupidity. So much, actually. Come on, pal. Say it again. Hello? I bet you this color knows Alan. Me too. It's from Cooper city. That's probably what it was concerning. Yeah. Nothing. Now, there's still air. Oh, I know. I'm just trying to, um, hello? Get it straightened out if I can say that on a radio. Don't forget, while we're waiting for the Cooper city call to get with me. Okay, okay, get me something to drink. Yeah, give me something to drink, Gary. Hey, listen, we're going to put you guys on hold because you're so good, okay? Okay, and make it non-alcoholic, Gary. You sound really young to me. You know what I'm saying? Like about 97. I want to line his head on. Is that I'm four? That's on four. Let me make sure I come back to four, okay? I don't want to miss a single word that Gary and Marty, probably is Marty. Yeah. Maybe even River is over there, kind of a plan, um, pivotman on a basketball team. Anyway, speaking of that is big beautiful. Is the subject on the Steve King show today? As we continue with our, while it's kind of like we're trying to revive the old KAT, you know? Or is it revolting, nauseating, disgusting, road test and embarrassing? The answer, of course, is yes. However, former W.S. News talk host is surely tweeters. Never one to be confused by the truth. We'll be here today to tell us that big is beautiful and if you don't like it, it's because you're a prejudiced, chauvinistic douchebag. Cindy, of course, is a member of over-eaters anonymous. We'll be here to tell us that being anorexic is really where it's at or something like that. I don't know. So, and they're probably going to be throwing like, uh, much of balls at each other too during the entire show. So tune in for that big fat mama is on the Kain Show today from 2 to 6, only on WIOD.