The stock radio 610, WIOD presents Neo Rogers, the genit hatching dog, call 751 WIOD in day, 524, WIOD in Rawr, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the palm beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neo Rogers, on New stock radio 610 WIOD. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What is this all about? No, seriously, what is this all about? You're looking for a place on the tape? For this place is just psychotic. Now, have a nice show. You've come in here 30 seconds before I'm going to go on the year and you hit me with this psychotic idiotic crap and tell Disney to take some no-dose, okay? My god, these people are just incredible. Mind boggling, shocking. It's the 10-06WIOD. Good morning. It's wonderful to be here again. I just don't understand. You know, it's got to do with this delay thing again and something that they set out. I don't have any idea. I do four hours in here every day and she comes in here like I'm going to give her a time that there was something that I don't remember anything that happened yesterday. I'm this show. I remember what happened on King Show, which I'm going to be talking about momentarily. Well, you know, some of you people out there in the audience, if you ever grew up, it would be one of the most incredible miracles in the history of mankind. I see, didn't have a fairly interesting topic yesterday, although I must say, in their first, because yesterday was Tuesday, so I was at my mother's and she headed on in the background doing me a great service so I could really digest my dinner comfortably. And there were like about eight or nine people attempts, you know, to respond to what I'd say yesterday, but the amazing part of is none of them respond or did Steve to what I was really talking about. And that is, you know, the abortion thing and his obsession with it. And the fact that he was ripping surely Peters and others who become obsessed with personal hangups and murder interferes with their shows and how he's doing the same thing. See, it's real easy to avoid dealing with something that you can't respond to. So you try to make it into something else as if we were doing a personal attack here for four hours, which we weren't. But after yesterday, I'm definitely given up. I mean, if Steve wants to abortion every day of his show, more power to him, and if that's what he wants to do, we'll all go with down and flames together. You know, what can I say? Anyway, how about those cups? I had a whole regular thing to start the show here in Sharon Kim and it asked me the most incredibly idiotic question I've ever heard in my life. I've been sitting here for half an hour. Why didn't somebody come and ask me about it before 30 seconds? The theme is playing. Okay? The intro to the show is playing. He comes in and asks me this idiotic question, which I still don't understand what they have they're talking about and busy up there changing his underwear again. But I'm telling you, these people here are just incredible. Just astonishing. I still don't know what you're talking about. Now, who sent the tape to home? What are you talking about? Well, no, it's easy for you to say now. Don't worry about it. I don't know what you're talking about. You come in here. It'll be like coming in and taking your clothes off and then running out to door, it would be no explanation. You know, anyways, ten o'clock at W.I.O.D. The Cubs beat the Cardinals for the two last night. It was another real mailbiter. It was just a traumatic horrendous, but they still hung on in one. Of course, Montreal continues winning every day. So we're still three and a half behind the good news for Cubs' Rances though that the Paris beat the Metz for the two. So the Metz are in third place and the Cubs are a full game ahead of New York. So that's about the status of that. I don't ask me about our show Friday morning in Chicago because I know absolutely no more about it today than I did yesterday or last week or anything. I have no clue. No idea what's going on. Which I guess is perfect because when you were here, you know, when you work in this place, it's fitting that you should have absolutely no idea what's going on. I have a note here from a Joe Johnson who says I'm not plugging a show enough on magic. Okay, Joe's on at 6pm nightly and Monday through Friday and that's wanted to try to submit them in that unsanterbed. Okay. Wonderful, Joe. You're doing a great job but we wish you guys would knock it off for the rating. Okay. Anyway, one thing about Steve, other than the fact that he has no sense of humor, it's nine minutes past 10 at WID. No, I'm not going to do a big number on that again today but it just amazes me just shocking to me. When I hear, for example, he had a guy called in the five o'clock hour who said, Steve, I want you to know what Neil did to you this morning was unconscionable about. And I called him up and I told him if you want to do abortion 20 times a week you've been the guy never called his show. There was never any such call for this show. Okay. So there was some real desperate, I mean desperate but because then I know every one of he's listening right now, you're not fully me for a minute. Okay. You're all glued to the radio because you have no lives. And then it was this young, a Latin guy who called in who claims to be a listener of this show. But on the other hand, love those old days much better when Steve used to defend himself. And now he's wimping out and he's not defending himself against me and these terrible attacks and how I'm jealous. Or just amazing when you listen to some of the, the first of all, just a radio show. Okay. Some of you really need to calm down. Maybe you can Disney could get together and go to one of those, um, transcendental metaphase. They still do that, that TM or ZDM. Maybe they need a BM instead of a T.A. I don't know what it is, but for some of you people get so hysterical. And I'm not taking back anything that I said yesterday or anytime this week, I'm sure we've been doing that week since last Friday. Whether it's about Steve's show and the abortion thing, which is deadly. And of course now he comes up with as well. It's the lead story on the news and the governor's called his special session, which probably will be irrational for doing another ten shows on it between now and October. You know, but as I said, it's a show. He wants to go down in flames based on an obsession, a personal obsession with an issue that he's not going to change anybody's mind about. That's up to him. And as far as what I said about the bird and about losing control of his show, I'm telling you, I feel so great this week with him on vacation. You never realize that being a week away, but being so terrible, it's just like, well, it can be. And he's a wonderful guy. He has a great job. The only thing is he needs to go back and it was cage and let me decide what we're going to talk about. That's what's going to happen when he comes back. What's going to be like the old times again. And I'm not going to sit here in the fight for the right to talk about what I wanted to discuss every day. Okay? I'm talking about the cubs for the whole show. That's it. Oh, here's the guy I was talking about. Yes. Yeah, how you doing today? Great. I lived in. I don't want to call you. I did make a mistake or a speech, because I called you today before. And I had a lot of boy. Oh, remember that? Yeah, but you didn't tell me what you said on speech. I don't know. Somehow your imagination is running away with you. Well, you are a debt conversation, right? Did you hear me call you up not? Yeah. Okay. But you're still listening today. I know this isn't the beginning of the show. I love the list of you. You're the hero. Well, I don't mind. I'm not just not a knock to me. Okay. If I'm obnoxious, people love that. Okay. But that's one of the things about the show they enjoy. Okay. Now, listen, why don't you get rid of burden if you don't like them? I didn't say, did not just say, there you go again. You're just a professional troublemaker. Well, I didn't say I didn't like him. I said he's losing perspective on what is role on his show. And he said that he's leading you around because that's where I'm going. And I've been now I'm finally getting going somebody you know what's and I'm taking control of you. I want to stand up to a woman on the radio and do what you want to do rather than do that. But I just said I'm going to do that. I'm just telling you, see your problem sir. I think that you have a watch to build up. You listen to watch see? Because your ears have this very difficult problem being penetrated. I think the listeners are going to re-beck when you do it. When the people are there. Well, I listen. I do it when he's here every day. The people listen to the show know that every thinking day when Glenn has been here last month. I say wait a minute. I thought this was my show. If I want to talk about what I do and he doesn't listen. Okay. He doesn't pay any attention. Same with Steve. When Steve but it is way on the show yesterday. I said, right to his face exactly the same thing that I'm saying now. And then I said yesterday. Okay. So, you know, you again are one of these people like to make these raw accusations. You're a professional troublemaker. You're a great guy. So have a great life. 1013 at WLB. That's a curian. See now he's so confused. He doesn't know whether his scream or he jurits the man in there. Okay. Speaking of food, we got one more here. Okay. He'll be back on Monday. Okay. And as I said the other day, that'll be right after he comes back from Vegas. And I'll be coming back from this Chicago thing this weekend. And you'll see what we're going to talk about. Okay. I'll be delighted to hear about Vegas. I hope he had a great time or is having a great time when he's a lot of money. But I'm not going to put myself in a pit. It's interesting that that idiot called up who's a nice guy, but an idiot from the mobile phone. Because this is one of the things I was going to mention. I'm not going to sit here in a college I's for my opinions. In other words, I said yesterday and the day before what's on my mind. And if you don't like it, you can stick it in your ear. Any of you, especially, you parent or it insecure butt kissers. Okay. Boy, I listened to some of that yesterday afternoon. I couldn't believe it. Oh, don't listen to any of that. That's the business. You're a season to care. That's not the point. I'm trying to tell a guy something for his own good. That's going to benefit all of us because it's T isn't ponders. And he won't respond directly to that. He comes out with his juvenile thing about how well I'm breaking the rolls. And I was upset when he had his listeners talk. I didn't invite anybody to call him discuss him yesterday. I did let the calls go. There were a lot of people who called in. And for the first time in a very long time, I let him go. Because I just want to make the point that there are a lot of people out there. The minute he starts with that abortion crap, they're gone. They're gone. And no, I don't believe the book is 100% accurate. I think the whole station got a real screwing in June and a sample. But I do think that there's a problem there. Okay. But boy, don't interfere, man, because I know it all. And I'm going to just power it ahead. I guess that's his philosophy. And like he said, it's his show. He's right. So I'm never, ever going to attempt to give any constructive, just it's hopeless. Because like I said the other day, the more you tell some people something, the more they run in the opposite direction, to be contrary. It's kind of a juvenile trait in some people. And for example, I top of just today, I'm just going to make this one last comment. Okay, and then we'll leave Steve alone. He's going to open phones today, so he's got another four hours to do whatever he wants. It's a show. But that thing about, you like this horrible movie, which just because it's a robberine movie, everybody says, I'm great at this. People who have seen it that I've talked, you said it one for my mother's thought. She said it's mediocre. And I've a friend who saw it, said it's horrendous, pathetic, very disappointing, especially for a robberine and movie. Harry and Dees Bag, whatever this movie is. And the point in the movie is that these, the guy Billy Crystal and the woman are living together with this platonic relationship and how hard are they, you know, and they're not having sex, etc. And so and I'll evidently from the previews I've seen eventually they do. And a point scene is making that he's permanently paranoid, although he didn't put in those terms about his wife, having a good, a close male friend. And all these other paranoia insecure people are calling him, which I found kind of interesting. I'm not going to show him is fascinating. Basically saying the same thing. We mean he's still there. The same guy? Oh, it's a mobile. Oh, I went into a panic. I thought I'm going to be that same guy was still on the phone. Are you a mobile? Yep. Okay. Hey, what are you saying? Okay, what's going on? There's more than one bird taking a path to a video to plan, huh? Well, what can I tell you? I've been a lot of fun, but we'll see how long it lands. Good thing is to how many days you're going to go on about this? About what? Put in the bird back in his place. How many is long as I want to? Well, sure, sure. Like you said. That's right. Anyway, when you go to Chicago, tomorrow afternoon. All right. You have a good time up there. First of all, let me ask you a question. How long the, in fact, I only brought that up as a response to the callers. Yeah. Did the caller bring that up? Yeah, absolutely. Oh. Well, that's a safety bag. And you brought it up? Well, only because I know you don't have to go about eight shows about it. We all got the point already. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. I think there are a lot of people out there who think that like the one idiot says that I don't like him and I want to get rid of nothing to be further from the truth. What would good news? Like I feel, I feel like I've been a lot out of jail. Don't you understand? Yeah, I do, but I think that it has to be already in the morons. Like you said. Well, I think you're being generous. Well, we're going to do anyway. Have a great show near. I'd like to say Jerry, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thanks. See you. Excellent call. Okay. 10, 21. I was talking about something. Sally and the Oya Harry and Sally and the Bridget and Duskbag. Yeah, and the lobster, Blady. See, that's another one of the differences between Reneri and James at my show, a sense of humor. Anyway, I really don't want to do another number on steam for four hours today. Do I? I do? Well, I got to be honest with you. It's tempting. It's tempting because he just so frustrating is one of those people. He just like to look at an I and say, you need to spank him. Of course, he'd probably like that knowing how tempting he is, but just first, you can't tell him anything. You won't listen. He's stubborn. And of course, Sharon has been through that boy. I really, I sympathize with her. Now I understand those closed or means. They have an effect machine room there when it closes. They're screaming and yelling and ripping paper out of the fact machine, having it over his breakdown. I just think that she tried to steer him in the right direction and the harder she steers to one direction, the harder he pulls in the opposite. But anyway, I just can't believe all these paranoid insecure people who are so terrified of their spouse or their girlfriend or boyfriend having a friend of the same sex. I just can't believe how insecure it's like you own somebody like you want to put them away in an ivory tower somewhere and just separate them from anybody else who might be a threat. It seems to me that's a very unhealthy kind of attitude. Of course, I don't know what these people are coming up to. They're just amateur psychology because I'm not qualified to do it. But that never stops some other people. I shall say Jesse for example. Counselor without portfolio. I wonder how many of you people are looking for a doctor and you look in the L.P. Just and there was an ad and it said, Joe Schwartz, position without degree. Would you call like that? Would you go there for an exam? If you need an attorney, if you had like life and death situation in court and you need an attorney, would you look at any L.P. just look for Harry Spiegel attorney without degree. Without qualification. That's what Sally Jesse is and she comes on here and hear these desperate people crying and ready to blow their brains out and like in two minutes, she gives them this hot guy half ass answer and then the music starts playing in the background. Well, I'm so sorry, but I certainly wish you the best of luck and it clicked, you know. And you can just envision them on the other end of the phone, splitting their wrist with blood running down the phone board and Sally sitting there with her glasses wondering what planet cheese on you know, it's just incredible. That whole business to me, that's like psychics. These people give personal advice over the radio. It's like the biggest Charlton game in the history of mankind and a lot of you people of course are suckers. You're idiots and you call these slippers on a radio and you want advice. But anyway, it was a good topic, but then it got to the poor were between the pressing because there were a lot of people calling in who were just it sounded like Sally Shewlett one point or Sonya Friedman and boy, it got more of it all these people with their problems and there's some of them sounded like they were about to break into tears. I just couldn't deal with it. Here's another mobile. Hello. Yeah, New York, morning. Yes, sir. You're going to Chicago. Yeah. How long are you going to be there? All through Sunday all the weekend. I have a suggestion for you. I don't know if you've ever eaten their place called Morton. Great. I've been on Russian at Oak. It is without a doubt defense takes in door lobsters. So we'll start with those lobsters again because we need to loosen the other room. That's how it's. Fantastic. They had one down here for a mod or something. It's the original and it's absolutely wonderful. Okay. More strongly to guess it's great. I have a wonderful idea. Yes, that's all I'm going to do. I'm just going to go to the Cubs games. Go to sportsman's park and in between I'm going to eat. I made Chicago's the best. Okay. Now actually I'm not going to go to the end of the day and go back to the new system so I'm going to be a little bit more tired and I'm going to be a little bit more tired and I don't want to sound ungrateful about getting to see the cuts of the meds because that's a chance of a lifetime. I've never been to really feel about my nut company and I think most of you should know by now I mean just obsessed by a toy that's show on Friday. I just haven't got any idea what's going on. Let me tell you about your idea. We're just having a great day. Everybody's going to call in and tell me what to talk about, what not to talk about. I've got new, it's not only for the bird, it's the same goes for the audience too. I'm going to talk about whatever day I want to talk about. If you don't like it, get lost. Okay? For how are I whipped out so badly over these pain? Go on vacation and I come back and now I have an opportunity to really kind of like reassess life. You know what I'm saying? A reassess everything from the show to everything, right down the line. And boy, when you just sit back and you let people kind of overrun you. You've got to be nuts. You've got to be crazy. Speaking of crazy, there is an amazing article in the Aherod Tree E on a radio page you get a day boy. The Aherod is so on top of what's happening in this market that it's almost frightening. Okay? Lord is an ancivado and I'm sure that Lord is a wonderful young lady and I've spoken to her in the past. But she has an article that says New Signal and Style bring competition to country format. And the first part is about this new station in Qargo. It's just what we need is another station in the market. The U.K.L.G. and a going country and erasing their signal and the operations manager. What is he? For whatever the guy is, he's the former station manager for WDNA. The community station. Remember WDNA that has like 10 watts and blind mic you stay on the show on there and play those jingles? And then there's a thing in here about WFTL and the new format change which is going on this week. And it includes a little blur. I guess this is the same stuff we read on the air. Only with an incredible misprint. The 11th EM to 3 AM Norman Elliott 10. It says the um, mead is hell and I'm not going to take it anymore. Talk show host with guest and open phones. Both to say I'm mad is hell. I'll have Howard Beale from network but it says I'm made as hell. So your personal made, normally at 10 will be hosting 11 to 3 on WFTL. And then incredible. Are you made as hell norm? I probably had a bad day in Rotisserie Baseball yesterday. Roy on the bat line. Is this the real Troy? Yes, I can't believe it. Did you guys ever get an apartment? No, still not. Are you serious? Yeah, you gotta help us out. Well listen if you come out tomorrow we've got a lot of food coming in here. You guys tomorrow's Todd's last day, right? Yeah, thanks. Are you coming in with him? Yeah, you don't mind. Right. If I don't mind. Yeah. Now you've got to be kidding me. That was one of the great hours in the history of radio, wasn't it? I think it was. Did you have a good time in here? I have a great time. Nobody molested you, right? Nobody molested. I mean, some people may have thought about it. Nobody did. Right. And you got out of here unscathed. And Melissa, maybe tomorrow will really work on did you guys a place to live? Okay, good. Now what I don't understand is where have you been living up to now? Well, I'm in the very, I mean, we'll see this right now at the end of the day for. Wait a minute. Now where have you been living on campus? Yeah. Oh, I got you. And now you're like, what, like, birds, you want to get out of your own and fly, right? Exactly. Hey, I can relate to it. Yeah. Need to spread my wings, kind of clapping my towel. Yeah, I hear that. Yeah. That's great. So tomorrow we got Armadillo, Cafe is coming with food. So we'll have lunch for you guys. You can come in. We'll get you guys in a part minute if it's the last thing. We do it'll be tedious and fond, risk a war. I'm saying, what? I got a trade car outside today. So maybe I'll stick my head in the door and write, you know, just way that you're a son. Great. And take your clothes off. Why are something like that? You know, great. Well, listen, we'll look for you. Okay, great. See you, Troy. Bye. That's Troy from Todd and Troy, which is a new morning team on the magic family. It's a 10 30, a WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. Why do I say we have an open line? We haven't started digging cause yet. Every we just took some mobile calls. Is it a little warm in the building perhaps? I don't want to say, yeah, just a hair. I don't want to go crazy because you know, Mitch from production will be and he'll turn down about 40. Let's say, yeah, it's maybe a couple of degrees. That'll should pass if I'm down to 68. That should come down. He turns it down to about 40 though. And I can't deal with it. That man has got some serious problems. So anyway, we hope you enjoyed hearing from Troy there. I mean, I know it's not the adorculate. It's not Robin, but it's the best I can do. That's because these are the kind of people who are attracted to this show. These young, great looking hot young guys. Okay, here's a power 96 spy report. And by the way, I want to congratulate Gary Stein at the Sun Sentinel for really taking a great shot at power 96 sort of cheap stunt. That's what he calls it with all of a, yeah. Yeah, they did do it, Neil. Oh, is that what I was going to be? That's what it is. Well, that's okay. It was a perfect lead in for you. I think that's really funny. I like Tanner statement. You know, these people are big on ignore supporters. Yeah. We're going to talk about pandering to the Cuban community, man. Oh, Tanner's got some nerve talking about hot 105 or anybody else in their ethnic audience. He is the worst. He's a worse panderer than even a harrel. And that's almost impossible. $150,000 that holly north on the morning show. Yeah, like I'm sure he's going to come down here just to panorotaners right wing audience. Oh, he's such a talent. Yeah, right. Yeah, he's like, you know, the next, you know, next to God. He might show up at the Minutal Concert. Oh boy, that might be great. And so I heard Reneri take some shots at the Minutal Concert this morning. If he don't want to take it, I'll take him. You know, I mean, just to see what it's all about. Yeah, right now. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, I just want to note the regret that Jerry Stein and hey, listen, we're so on top of it here. This week, you have no idea. Yeah, I like to kiss my feet on me here at the floor. You want? Yeah, and the article says, uh, it's called the Olli 89. Kiss my feet. I'm a hero for. Oh, yeah. That's pretty funny. If it's hysterical. Oh, yeah. Well, listen, maybe what they put him in jail, it'll solve the problem. They should have. I know. Okay, have a great day. 1033 at Wild. We do have it open line and broward now. I have certainly cool off a little bit in here. That was star. Boy, Sharon is usually so with it and so together. And she comes in here and she starts. Oh, is this Olli North or Red just got a cart for everything? You know what? He's got carts with people who haven't been born yet. I never ever heard about belly button. Really? Well, maybe George Bush ought to take him and sit him on his knee and give him a little lesson or something, huh? Boy, that's here that Olli North man, just in the twilight zone. Here's a call from our favorite city ladies and gentlemen, homestead. Good morning, now. Yes, sir. First time going before I make my statement, I'd like to say that I appreciate the cut-as-mission and the cutiestness of your producer. He's really on the ball. Well, whatever you say, no Roger does a great job. I just did not see just the way you said that. We're a little bit nervous. No, it's very serious. He really is at 10. At reason I call at 10 is first is my first time I'm calling. The reason I'm calling is because I appreciate the entertainment qualities of the show, the lighthearted nurse, the tongue-and-cheek aspects of it all. Nothing heavy. And then you mentioned DM right off the bat and I got me thinking the king before he even mentioned his name. Oh, and I'm not going to start ripping him all year. I have to. Okay. Thank you. Oh, I got a card for that, too. Okay. Shall we have a toast? Okay. Go ahead. You know, I'm perfectly contained with Steve having his own show as long as he stays on it. I don't listen to it. I resent the fact that he comes on your show and those commercials and then sits in your studio and irritates a hell out of me. So, you know, he's probably, you know, he's fault that is though. What's that? Mine. But I wish it's part of a, no, I didn't encourage him, but it's part of the same syndrome. In fact, somebody, I don't want to mention any names, but somebody in the building yesterday asked me when I walked out, how come you didn't kick him out of the studio? Good idea. And it is a good idea because let's say we don't, we just, like I said, there's certain people over the years that I've done crossovers with that I kind of like relate to. You know what I'm saying? In other words, I have a lot of things in common and I relate to them. And Stan was a good friend of mine, but I didn't usually stick around because I don't know, it just, there just wasn't the chemistry. It was to a certain degree, but not not great. But Bill Carter and I, I hate to keep mentioning this because he's on QAM now, doing mornings and I don't want to get reenuited upset. But, um, all I love that promo, they're comfy and Western promo, they're a reenuited which is just a stab, but the caller was great. But Bill and I, he's got a great sense of humor and we just had a certain repotation before and that's why I used to hang out on this show, not because I didn't have anything to do or I didn't need any sleep, but it just, it just worked out, it was fun and it was funny. Steve is not funny, okay? I mean, when he's doing his good shows, he can be great entertainment, but he's not funny at all. Here's M.O. carries in your program because he tries to talk over you. Yeah. Well, that's going to stop. Okay. As of day, trust me. I'm building, in fact, my wrist is getting firmer as you speak. But have a great day, dear, okay. Now his right is absolutely right. You and I do something right. I'm not saying this to try to be Mr. Humboldt because that's, you know, then it sounds even worse. But if I do something wrong or something that flops, I'm not beyond saying, hey, this is dying. I'm not going to do it. Like delighting round. Okay. The Clansick example. That was a real hot thing for a while, but it ran its course. Trust me. Believe me, it got to the point. It was horrible. It was awful. It wasn't entertaining. It wasn't funny. It was garbage. And I got rid of it. But there are some people who are just so intractable and so stuck in their ways and who are just like horses with blinders on man and you just can't get to them. You just can't get through to them. And like I said at the beginning of the show, I'm going to stop because it is Steve Show and it's more power to them and he'll rationalize it away from it. Fine, eight million reasons to continue with the abortion thing. I don't care if it's the lead story on the news every day. The fact is, I mean, Nick O'Roggle was the lead story in the news every day too. And yet he, he, he, just as I did, used to criticize some of the right wing tacos. We're being obsessed with Nick O'Roggle and talking about nothing else. Okay? So just the fact that it's in the newspaper doesn't mean that especially the demographics that we're looking for want to hear it every day or once a week, even. We have an open line in Broward and one in Boca. I just mentioned that in case, I mean, don't feel like a lot of pressures building on you. But want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood. That reached the, the birds of the liar, the birds of the liar, the birds of the liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar that birds of liar that birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar. Could you hear the cd just barely? Because I was just playing a little, convuly in the background, just briefly because of Fenrir, you mentioned at this morning. Well, that's right. It was the birthday of one of the Kingston trio. What, which one was it? Oh no, you couldn't hear the cd. Well, I'll be Dan. story of Mr. Grisley. Level is pretty low in that ranch. Beautiful woman. I've got to crank that blind here. While that's where it goes, we don't want to start because any engineers will come in and that's the last thing I need today. Anyways, 1041 at WIOD, what was I just going to get into here? I had something like life and death important and I got to let myself get signed tray. Can't believe I did that. Okay, let's just continue with the calls. It'll come back. West Palm Beach, shall. In Neil. Yeah. How you doing, be guy? Wait. And for years I've listened to you. And I'm just recently losing my respect for you. Great. And the reason is I hope you won't come in. No problem. Go ahead and be at least a half hour. Okay, for a couple of reasons. Yes. I number one, when you were a week, the bird really stuck up for you and he showed his allegiance and solidarity. Yeah, solidarity. They're against people who were trying to, you could leave a shot. If you're your, well, what we're going to send them over to do a show and polling is a matter of fact. So that's really good. Right now, just to pray that you're passionate him. I'm not basing in my life. It's President, no way. You want to have a conversation. Yes, sir. All I'm doing is expressing the way I feel about my own show. Can I do that? Go ahead and do that. Go ahead and do that. Go ahead and ask your permission and his permission to express it. I'm not saying anything different from when he was here sitting right in that chair, which I've said a thousand times. That's true. But if the way you go about it in your manner, isn't it? And also I was surprised that you did the bad jury rounds off the air. I mean, you really ripped and heavily. First came on. You were threatened by his, uh, his intrusion in the air. What the hell are you talking about? When we show him off the air, well, you've been out Joey pretty good there and then you're initially. And I ran the surprise me off the air. How do you know what I said off the air? Oh, no, I'm saying I'm saying you ripped him on the air and that eventually drove him off the air. No, it didn't drive him off the air because in other words, oh, Jesus is another one of these guys who thinks the audience will listen to whatever I tell them to. Well, you're a man of curious about a way to run. You're a lot of weight. You're right. I'm trying to get rid of someone who don't care like a male Debbie Ellis. Okay. How many times did you walk a bit? No, no, not so long. How many pounds I've lost. Don't try to change this subject now. Okay. I drove Joey Reynolds off the air. Well, you can't. I'm going to tell you something. Joey Reynolds did it. I liked Joey. He's a great guy. But he didn't have any show at all. Okay. He had numbers that were so fractional. How come I didn't drive all the other morning people off the air? Well, you particularly bent it heavy. Yeah. Why see, like we didn't talk about you, Dell? He hit the hit the hit in a nice way. He hit the with your. He places that people in times that he had 20 years ago that he, he was pretty hard on people. And that was all the past. He was pretty hard on people. He only wishes he could be that hard again. Sure. Sure. Yeah. You know, I loved a lightning round last week when somebody said you buzzing, you can swallow that. That's what I was looking for. Yeah. We've had we that was real original. We've only had it about 30 times. Well, some one of my friends told me the other day. Well, I'm really hoping that got you excited. Did you get excited about that? Well, actually we started trembling and huh? I think it was going to kill you. And what did I do after he said it? I hit the buzzer right. You can because I wanted to make him happy. I wanted to disappoint him. Listen to you, I'll provide a lot of entertainment. No question about it. And it's obvious that this feels a huge void in your life. Doesn't it? It's a bit surprised. It takes a lot of time out of my day. But that's good. But you're well worth it. Bond, glad you'll see your you have mixed feelings. And other words, it's kind of a low-hate relationship. It's where else told the oldies? I'm 35. 35. Well, you're a lot too old anyway, so don't worry about it. How old do I sound? No, you sound like about 27. 27. Thank you. Isn't that nice? You may say I'm not trying to butter you up or kiss your ass, but you sound younger than 35. Well, thank you, great. And you also sound old enough to know better than make this in Cip and Call. Well, that's true. Listen, I had a few words. Do you want to apologize for the shot at the beginning of the call? Well, I don't want to see you hurt the bird like you do. Hey, you know it's still the bird. Okay, the bird. Let me say something to you in honesty. Okay? The man is making serious money. Okay, I mean serious money to come in here and sit and eat and read the paper and leave a encankle on the ear and shut up. Now, would you like to job like that for four hours a day? It's in for a eBay. Okay. It's on the way away. The thing goes to you walking for four hours a day. You get a free lunch. You're making double six figures. It's from my desk. Right, and I'm not complaining about it. I know I think it's great. Listen, have a good time and keep it up. If you need a long good luck to you. Call Joey. He's doing well. All right. He's doing dollars money. See you. Wow. 10. 45. The WIT. He's not the one of those guys didn't really mean it. But he wanted to give me a hard time because it's more exciting than somebody calling him and kissing your butt. I don't like buck kisses. See, there's a difference between somebody calling in and saying, hey, really enjoy your show. And then they go right on. I mean, there's nothing wrong with that. I don't have any problem with that. But when somebody calls in and doesn't have anything else to say and just calls into and Gracious themselves with a host and just kiss as to the point where it's proud where their lips are inverted, then you've got a different story. Okay. It's not interesting radio. It's boring. In fact, it's embarrassing. Like several of those calls I heard yesterday afternoon. Boy, just embarrassing. And this coming from a guy who's all of you. Hating me calling in or if you disagree. The first guy who called in and really disagreed, was I never forget that call yesterday was in a mobile phone and a guy disagreed on this topic. Which is like I said, it was interesting topic about people being paranoid about their wife having a male, a close male friend or vice versa. And the guy disagreed and boy, Steve, he went from a very low register from just talking calmly, screaming and yelling and getting hysterical and hung up on a guy and attacked him because the guy disagreed. And I think quite frankly, guy had a good point. I mean, if you're that insecure in your relationship boy, you got a real problem, okay? I realize I'm hardly an expert in that category, but just being objective and looking at it from the outside. If you're that insecure, then you just, I think perhaps it reflects something about you. Whoever the person may be, you know what I mean, Steve? Here's a mobile on a hello. Hey, how are you? We just one time that I wanted to make, I've been listening yesterday and today, I'm one of those people that calls, maybe once or twice a month, but listen pretty regularly. It's good to hear you talk the way that you do because I think people are losing sight of one major thing. When you were over at INC, I started to listen to Sam because you were there and I happened to like it. When you came over to IOD, I listened to King because he followed you and I didn't like it. I don't like him as academic. I just don't like him and don't listen to him. I think a lot of people are losing sight of the fact that this is the Neorodges program. Exactly. And if they don't want to point, if they don't like the Neorodges program, if you go into a store and you don't like what's there, you don't go back. You don't go up to the manager and start to say, start changing your stock and change business. Exactly. Exactly. Very good analogy. And that's all I wanted to say. I happen to like you because whether I agree with you or disagree with you, I do listen to you and find you entertaining and whether you're tired. Don't go too far because they need to be a butt tissue. But that's the only thing I wanted to say. I like Glenn. I think Glenn is great, but it's not the Glenn Hill show. I think Glenn is a wonderful playoff to you. But it is your show and the reason the ratings are so high and the reason people listen is because it is your show and no matter what you're doing, it's a personality that's entertaining. And that's the way it's going to be. So take control back if you feel that you have to keep up the work and there's a whole bunch of us out here listening to love it. That's the last thing. Thank you. Take care. Okay. Real butt tissue. But he was a good guy, but a tremendous butt tissue right there. We was talking. See, that's the card that Nick got out yesterday that the guy was talking about. I don't go for that. Okay. It's not Neil Rogers and Glenn Hill. Okay. It's the Neil Rogers show with the bird. Right? That's what it is. Now, boy Gary evidently orchestrated or scripted that particular bonus. He certainly thought would make that up as long as they write it out for him. So even in the building inside some people are beginning to lose perspective of who show it is. Okay. It's 1048. We're taking the day off today. The right hill is in. Together touch and talk. Call 751 WIOD&D. 524 WIOD and Rollers or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. The opinions, expect by the host guests or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the station. Now, his Glenn Hill on New South Radio 610 WIOD. Okay. 1049 11p411. I know that the people who hate my gut solution religiously are being asked about. See, the minute Glenn is gone, he's paranoid. He's just he's insecure. Nothing to do with it. What it has to do with how for how would Johnny Carson feel if he sat down after his monologue. He said, even during his monologue, he started talking and McMahon from the sidelines who's busy with his divorce right now, but evidently had time to bud in and started interrupting and saying, we don't want to talk about that tonight. That's boring. How long do you think that would last? Okay. The Clyde, the Budweiser Clyde's deals would be dragging it off in a sleigh. Okay. Never to be seen again. It's 10b411 and WIOD. How about those clubs, huh? Another incredible game last night. See, I can say that. And I don't have to put up with any craft. And then mid-Wiigames came in, boy. And it looked for sure like they were going to blow back games, especially when he brought in sure already. And the seven-bedding Calvin sure already. I'm sure there's a wonderful guy never stole a freight train, but boy he is just deadly. Deadly, he comes in and always walks the first guy. I mean, no matter what the situation is, walks the first guy. And but I don't want to go into detail because some of you people are really good up. Especially the women out there, right? You're the ones that hate this sport. It's a micro-rank. Also, I heard another incredible thing I learned on the cane show yesterday. Steve said, well, that's Neil Sticky. Rips everybody even his friends. He said, hey, Goldberg is his best friend and even Ripsank on a year. Hank is my best friend. I hardly know Hank. Okay. I've seen Hank in my life maybe 10 times. I run into with the track. I consider him a friend. But only in the sense of like, in the business cutter friend. And we work together here. I don't ever see Hank. I had lunch with him once and that's when he said here in the studio and we picked out on the birds birthday that day. But according to Steve again, Hank is my best friend. Boy, you get some great information on that show. No question about it. Track is, I'm always said, there's a lot to be said for consistency and one thing about this place, man. It is so consistent. For example, one another thing I did learn on Steve show yesterday. There was a promo that they played for a new thing that Chuck Meyer is doing on Saturday morning. And I don't remember the name of it. But nobody is, we don't have a memo about it. Nobody is told us about it. We could be talking about that. Okay. But we know nothing about it. They're always talking about cross promotion and promoting the rest of the radio station. Is it on there? Oh, it's on here now. Where? Oh, yeah. It's a bottom of the page. Yeah. I don't even read that stuff. Okay. The 610 weekend magazine gets in a way the Saturday. Well, first of all, none of us have any idea what that is because nobody's talked to us about it. They are so relaxed, man. It cannot communicate in this building. They cannot communicate. It's like getting visits like people pass each other in a hallway. Oh, by the way, don't forget that we're selling the building tomorrow morning at three. We're going to be broadcasting from my to high at starting next Monday. I mean, with all the paperwork and all the memos and all the 85 names at the bottom of every page, you know, you think that somebody would know what was going on. Anyway, Chuck Miren, by the way, we are really very pleased to have Chuck Miren here at WIV. He is an outstanding news guy. Sounds great on the areas of good guy. And these are is a real honest goodness news person, which is frightening. Okay. And anyway, what does it say Chuck Miren is the latest news weather in sports plus updates and what's hot, what's happening in South Florida? And that starts this Saturday from 6 to 10 and now what does that replace the plant guy or the plant guy? And whatever else. Wait a minute. And the antique guy? Oh, that's all great. For see, I told you, some good things are finally happening, but it would be nice if they would tell us, you know what I'm saying? So we could talk about it on the air. Since we have this gigantic humongous audience, most of whom think that the weekends have been embarrassing on WIV. And we'll be delighted to know that at least it's going to be something a little bit different. Now, if I can just get rid of those awful and sippet tapes that they keep running, like Saturday from 10 to 2, then we'll have something. Miami, hello. Oh, yes, sir. I like to make, I guess, pre-estates the subjects. The first one I think now, maybe Steve knows how Joseph a guy could help when he did that still ripping him. Remember? Yeah, he did. He did a whole show ripping a guy, he forgot in there. I guess the shoes on the other foot now. Well, no, but you see, now you're playing in his hands though. I wasn't ripping him personally. All I was doing, and I said it right to his face when he came in here, was repeating what we've said all the time. Only more emphatically, and the audience was calling in the discussing it, that these chronic guests, the Ellis Rubens and the Bob Cunc to the world, are a tuna. Okay, I believe that, nobody will ever convince me otherwise, and the abortion thing is terminal. Terminal. Now, I agree with you. But what I meant is he's starting to get the same effect though. It did start the same way, but he started to get the sort of the same feeling that perhaps a guy he had when maybe when the whole time happened. Another thing, you had a caller who, I guess it was a mobile caller that you said that you made the statement about kissing ass until the lips turned. Right, two days came to my mind at that time. Oh, Rick, we were in. Joe Robby. I don't know. Oh, geez, he now you're going to start on a whole station, man. It's incredible. No, I do not know how to debate that point, but, I mean, let's go. I'm going to leave it at that. He's up a little bit. Okay, and last thing is, can you imagine this? He came coming out for a conversation. Hello, this is the painful purview team. Doing the rest of the fact. I, somehow I missed it, I don't get it. Well, he does all these problems for rest of us. And he tries to make the listener through. No, he does a great job on restaurant. He does. He does a very effective job on restaurant spot. Well, I mean, we have a lot more restaurants on the show, but that's another story. No, no, he really does. I don't know. I want to do a place, I don't like it. Well, and while that one, I mean, listen, what can he do for that place? Okay. When you're doing a sub-par second rate, sub-standard rip off imitation place, there's not much you can do for that, but, well, while he's helping, I mean, getting a more business. So that's quite an accomplishment. Yeah, he's an accomplishment, what they want. I would say that's almost a miracle in that case. Okay. Have a great way. I enjoy your show. Have a great day. I could see him. Okay, there's a guy wants to rip everybody. I don't like these guys who want to rip people. We have an open line in date at seven, five. That's another thing. I really, I found him using yesterday. Well, I mean, all he does is rip people on course. That's what they show is. That's about 80% of the show. It's just a radio show. I rip Stan on the show all the time. I say that he had no show, which of course is true, but I mean, I rip it and he's a great friend of mine. Okay. But he doesn't get upset about it. He's a hysterical and behave like a child. He's just grateful that anybody still remembers his name and talks about him. Okay? And with good reason. Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour, and when we come back, we'll continue on rip and read radio. And then the steam has opened phones again today. Now the promo sheets says we have no idea what he's going to talk about, but it will not be a board game with several explanation points. Okay? Can we hold our collective breaths and pray and hope? Sports talk with my best friend, Hank Goldberg and I did six o'clock. And in the Yankees at Cleveland, Yankee baseball, I guess it's seven thirty. No time on here, but please assume right around seven thirty for those who are desperate enough to give it a shot. Henry Barrow's got the 11th of clock news and we'll be back at 11.05. Alright, all six five five and two seven eight. WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host, guest or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's me O'Rages. I knew so great of six ten WIOD. Oh, is this going to be some weekend boy? It's going to be great. Anyway, it's eleven o'clock already. Look at this and here we are back again. Just like a bad dream that keeps recurring and coming back over and over again. Okay, all you people out there that called in C. yesterday were whining like infants like little children. I know every one of you's listening right now. Okay, so get your rattle and your pale and your shovel and have a marvelous day. Oh, you used to stand up to him, Steve. You used to be so great. I guess that that one young rat in guy that called inside of like a fairly intelligent, rational guy who was making all those comments. I guess his much hismo was somehow being threatened. You know how fragile the macho images of Latin young guys are. And I guess his ego, his macho ego is being threatened by the fact that he perceived that Steve was wimping out. And look at this. Here's Wayne Arnold again with those little burgers. I'm going to try to reframe myself because Wayne's plus and Arnold are both coming in here today. In fact, Wayne is here right now. I'm just going to have to be real careful about, you know, because I'm going back on new trail system when you do understand that don't you. Very soon. You made it real simple. We're low cow. Is that it? Okay. So 1107, a WIO day before I'm doing this is going to require such incredible wheel power. He's just got boxes and boxes. And I, for the soda, boy, you're a hell of a guy. Wayne, you just continue, in fact, reneary the day. The whole crowd in the morning was just going nuts. He brought in an up-fact list for the Soviet troops in Europe. Okay. I mean, it was just incredible. Thank you Wayne. So let's go ahead and point that. To get it exactly to get a clean up or else. See, I told him the same thing and they laughed at me. We had little Tommy Dennerberg was working feverishly to make sure we try to get him to clean up the ZAC2. Okay. 7 past 11, WIO day. Steve has open phones just to have to know him. My best friend in the World Hanklopberg on Sports Talk. And he basically needed 730. Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Yes. He's done. Great. What is it? That's a bird. It's fantastic. Hey, I'm having a great time. I mean, you know, we, I guess we all need to change your pace every now and now. Absolutely. No more cackling. No more tre... No, no, no. The cackling. I enjoy. I mean, I'm why I've disagree with you. And I like the cackling. That's what he does best. And that's what we pay him for. Throwing things against the world. No, that I don't like. That I'm not. I mean, what's in a great while see what it used to be fun is that you used to happen only once to a very great while and he'd lose it and he'd start throwing things and you're right in the face. And that was funny. It was really funny. He's how like today. Alan came in on Zayda in the morning show. Yeah. And he was, he just went nuts and it was funny. But when it starts happening every day because he's losing it and getting sorely, then it's just, it doesn't make it. It really, really. Thank you Wayne. It really gets pathetic. Yeah. The credit is the word. Come on now, guys. The newsroom is looking because they know I'm not supposed to be eating these. Well, you know, I think I know that I'm maybe a little suggestion of what we could do if you get to get a little out of hand. You know, maybe we could send them over to Steve one day. What's that? Maybe we could send them over to Steve, you one day. Yeah. That would be interesting. In fact, I think Steve does need a sidekick. Okay. Maybe we should take a poll on that and I could loan him out for a few months. Jack. And maybe maybe you could go to Alex. No. No. No. Let's not do that to the bird. He's still a good guy. We don't want to do that to. What you're only going to take one. You don't want any. Oh, this Jared. Boy, you are just such a such a maniac, you know. What you can do either more. He's just into these bananas. Every time you look at him, he's got a banana in his mouth. This guy is just saying, what are you? They're monkey or a human. Boy, it's only Jewish monkey. I've ever seen him in my life. Go ahead, sir. I guess. You know, well, you know, it's nice to call up. And you can talk about the cause of what if you want to talk about it. Exactly. And I know I'm repeating it. And it's getting repetitious. And some people are starting to puke all over themselves. But I, I just can't believe it. Like I said, it's like being let out of death row. And I just open up the door and say, hey, we made him a stake. You're free. And you're walking around on the streets and breathing the fresh air. And all of a sudden, you realize how great it is. Literally the one. I can't sit here and fight with him every day for four hours every time I want to just met. And then it can be like in the middle of the show. And some really good colors. Some nice color out there, call him good intentions, good boys, sounding like a human being. Perfect demographic. And they'll call and say, boy, that Mitch Williams, it's incredible 25. And right, well, geez, not now. Not now. Sports stuff begins in six o'clock. It's all right in the face and purple and hysterical and hostile. I don't want to talk about tennis. That's right. But it's the needle. I don't give a damn about Gabriella Sabatini's boobs. I don't care, okay? That's right. But it's the needle. Rajasho. I don't even give a damn about stuff on Edward and whether he's a good looking or not. I don't care what he looks like. I just wish they take all that crap and give it set of backward team from. Absolutely. I was watching our letter in the other night and his wonderful baby was on. Yeah. He's nothing great. No, he's really not. She's really not. In fact, that whole thing about boy-ish and go-ish. I don't understand what that means. It was about how we're so inclined. Yeah. I mean, I can see a beautiful woman from a mile away. Okay? I can spot beautiful people no matter what they happen to be. And she's okay. But she's got breast-like comquads. I would say, I mean, it really not all like great. And she's like, oh, she's like a little boy. She definitely looks like a boy I'll tell you. I know, baby. I think great about her or anything like that. No. I mean, you could go in a braored mall and sit there in the food court. And a half an hour, see 50, much more attractive young women than female kids. I agree. Without even trying to look hard. Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Well, this one has a wonderful life and we'll survive. Okay. Now, see you. Okay. It's 11 past 11 at WIOD. I haven't yet opened any of these. And these got two boxes of these little cheese burgers sitting here. I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana. You know what? Now, Jared would bring his banana back in here. That would sell my problem. Anyway, it's 11. Really? I'm sure he thinks he's a monkey. He's seen those bananas all day. I came in this morning. He was done a cafeteria with a banana in his mouth. He's incredible. He's a monkey. Okay. We have an open line in Palm Beach. He had a B over a GTR, not on this station. He had to be over the other animals. 655 WIOD in Palm Beach. Yes, please, Cheryl. Would you please, you want me to bake it or without? Well, this is more traved than this. But see you'll have one that's just got to meet in cheese, which is nice, kosher sandwich for a nice Jewish girl like you. There's a mobile caller in Broward. Or wait a minute. You're still there, right? See, I've seen you. Yeah. Okay. I don't know what's going on anymore than you do, sir. I'll tell you what. You know, I listen to the stand because of your show and then I start to listen to the stand because of your show. Right. Because of the follow. Never again. You can't argue with the guy intelligently. You can't be articulate with the show. You're the guy that called up yesterday. And quite frankly, I thought you had a very good point. I don't think you were being unreasonable. And he jumped all over you and stirred screaming. Not hysterical and hung up on you. I wasn't rude to him and I wasn't raising my voice. I think you had a very valid point. And that is that anybody is so insecure that if their wife has a male friend and you notice how it graduated from a friend in the beginning to best friend. I don't think that was the point. Obviously, the husband should be the best friend of the wife or you know vice versa. You know, if you never wanted to talk about, you know, he said this was an issue of sex. Okay. You never wanted to talk about the same. Well, of course it is. And the point that I don't want, if it weren't for the sexual part, then it wouldn't be any paranoia. That's right. And I was trying to make some is that the Indian, you know, my current marriage. My wife doesn't like my having relationships with women who I had of sexual relationship with before. But if I didn't have a sexual relationship with them before, then that's fine. Yeah, why can't I understand that? That doesn't take a brain surgeon for the data. I mean, you know, that's pretty, you know, and what you matter for the men or woman. And you know, he must be so terribly insecure. Yeah, but heavily. He admitted so many things yesterday, you know, about that he cheated on I'm Laurie. Well, he talked about that. He's been hoping about that. Yeah, by me, I'm just saying, you know, which is fine. His honesty is admirable, but, uh, but his, the way he treats people, the rodent and the end. Yeah, he gets, you know, let's, let me say this to him. Very often, there's a reason to do that. Okay, like what, when he does it often, and when I do it, I think all of the time, there's somebody provokes you in a doing it. But your call, I was kind of shocked because really all you were doing was disagreeing. All right, well, the bad idea. And I didn't think you were being unreasonable. All right, so that's the defense is an offense, like, down. But he just doesn't take, you know, if anyone has a point of view that's different than he is, then he goes off on his career. Well, it's he shows you're like you said he was an excellent politician, and if he wants to go down like the Titanic, that's up to him. Okay, I'm not going to interfere. Right. And it's my choice, not to listen to him anymore. Okay, what you will, you'll be listening. I will listen. Yeah, you will come on. You know you will. I want to bet. Okay, well, we'll see. I will. I'm going to be talking about the time to get in Salted O'er. Well, not that I'm taking it personally, man. Listen, a little bit of massure, Kism can't be all bad. Yeah, well, you know, once in a while. Okay, very good. Have a great day. All right, so we finally brought him around a little bit. So we're listening every day. It's 11, 19 in WIOD. We have an open line in Broward and what in Palm Beach. And we're trying to, I don't know, this kind of like a, a, um, pre, leaving for Chicago. I will be here tomorrow morning, but then tomorrow afternoon, we're all leaving. And I do mean like almost everybody. About 700 people going on this trip and it's going to be, um, I don't know. They still have told me nothing. I still don't know about anybody bringing copy up there. I mentioned a Cheryl who's busy secretary who's just a wonderful person. I mean, Cheryl, that is. I said, um, because anybody thought about it and I rattled off all these different things. And like, nobody is even thinking about it. Because in principle, they don't understand what it takes to do the show anyway. So the, you know, as far as the spot, probably bring a log and then they'll think, well, Neil's got all the cover. Leave on have copies. It's all in this file. So Laura's going to have to make copies of all of this. Or going to have to put the book together. Something's going to have to happen. But nobody is thinking about these things. A little Tommy didn't work his thinking about him, which is why he's pacing the floor nervously, like he's about to give birth to an orangutan or something. And he just, they're having a fit and he'll straighten them all out. See, these are the people inside the building with straightening problems. Not, not the upper level management because they haven't got a clue. Not a, not a remote idea as to what it takes to do these shows. Which is why they're in management. Here's a mobile on the Palm Beach line. Hello. Yeah. Okay. Wait a minute. Can I ask you a question? What? What's treating you driving on? Uh, I didn't. You're driving on 95? Yeah. Can you got pillows or a phone book? I mean, I just, I was like that. Saw you with your dad. I think he enjoying your driving? Yeah. Good. Well, you're dead. You know, the guy's got a lot of guts. Yeah. How old are you? Six. Six. Oh, that's no problem. If you're six, man, you can drive in this town. Six or 100 in six. No problem. Okay. If you got, like, beginners license? Yeah. Very, very. Great. Okay. So what's the question? If you're six in my case, you're six in my case. My case? My case? Michael Spinks? Yeah. That Egyptian guy? No. I don't watch boxing. You? I don't know. But I love it. You know what? Yeah. You're five. What did he say? I couldn't understand where he was saying which is a shame, because I think it was a really intellectual call. 21 passed 11. It wasn't at the fight that lasted 30 seconds. Huh? Tyson won in 30 seconds about the amount. I didn't watch. I heard about it. 93 seconds? Well, of course, in a fight like that, many of the people who've paid enormous money to see the fight aren't even in their seats yet. And they sit down and it's over with. Can you imagine how pissed you would be if you spend, of course, the tickets are incredibly expensive. And also, with all these different places where they go in a pay in the different theaters, and so on. And you pay like 50 or 20 or 100 bucks to get a great ticket, right at ringside. And you sit down and it's over with. But I would be happy. I'd be hysterical. It would be like going to the Cubs game and really field on Friday after the show. And like it's the bottom of the first thing they say, well, we just changed the rules. This is all we're playing. A game is over. Okay? The Med Scott or what in the first inning in a game is over. Some stupid thing like that. Anyway, how about that? Paul Kildes, what a shock. Now, the guy who called a yesterday of a little faith. That Cubs fan who was soon we were going to lose last night. Didn't I have a lot of faith in Kildes? Didn't I say there's no problem? No, I didn't say that. I said, poor fit. Well, I only pitched a pretty damn good ball game last night. Now, Calvin Sheraldi, that was another story. But we don't want to go into that because they won't get a call from Vegas. On the bat line. And somebody we know will be having a nervous breakdown. We still have that tape of his that he left you. Put this together before he went away. You know, never realize it being a week away. But the company can't get to know. Well, get used to it. 23 past 11 a day. And now we're going to have to lie to you. Oh, boy. 27 past 11. I knew there was something we'd be missing in a long time. It's going to be at least three days we haven't heard from douchebag down there in Kindle. But of course, I've fully informed that a here's Evan. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I don't know if this is brought up or not. But one of the things that I know this, especially since you've dated these, is all the recognition that you fought for for, you know, for Glenn. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm trying to get him to be paid to go out to the. You bet. As a matter of fact, about a month ago, I told him that I'm not doing any more remote and let's use part of it unless he gets paid for it because he's part of the show. Right. Yeah. So, like, you know, I don't want to sound like, you know, that's your privilege. Donna, but no, I have fought for him. No question about it. Right. Yeah. You fought like crazy to get him to go out to the remote. Yeah. Yeah. I should, you know, it's been part of it. I have to hear his performance at Toyota Rally would last time. I mean, out of the, done the right thing, you know. I think some of that might have gone to his head though. I think that's like, you know, I like Glenn's great. Glenn's great guy on and off the air. You know, don't waffle now. I mean, you have something to say. You want to take a shot. Go in. Oh, sometimes I think he's not hearing the fan himself anyway. I just think that some of that went through his head that he feels like, you know, he's a bigger part of the show now than he was saying. No, you know, question about him. No question. You know, that might have been, that might be part of the reason that he's like, yeah, I started to like, partially control the show. Yeah. What's funny when that visual and family sort of thrown a shit at Zeta? Yeah. The day that Alan was there. Right. But that was his terrible way. I was like, like, this swimsuit show a bit more meaningful on television if you could have seen it. That's a really incredible. You know, I don't know why, uh, how, where he gets off trying to feel it. He totally stayed every day when he talks about the club or anything. If somebody from upstate New York calls, oh, Jay, they're going to have to go through this and all. And the fact is, they're happy to be. I hate to break the news to anybody, but they're happy to be a lot more people living in South Florida from upstate New York and there are from Lakeland. Oh, yeah. And in addition to which, I don't care if he's from Lakeland. It's not his show. I mean, you know, here I am repeating these things again. But I tell them these things on the air and off the air. And it just, it isn't sinking in. So I figure if Lamy's away, and at least for a period of the show every day, I ripped them a little bit and conveyed this. His good people like Johnny Dark, I'm sure will be on the phone with him just, the, the, the huddle together in conference. I hope so because he's a great guy. But I'm just trying to find some way to bring him back to her. Yes, somebody should play some case for him from last year shows. Well, I don't want to go that well, no, it's just, I mean, this time of year last year, every, every day when he came on every morning, you spent like the first half hour talking about the standings and you went through all the baseball scores and who got injured and what's going on trade lives. You don't spend one third of the time on sports values, you did then, and he wasn't as early before. Well, that's because like you said, he thinks that we're going to talk about what's of interest to him. And he's going to kind of set the agenda for the show and that's never going to happen again, trust me. And, um, let me add to this to you, I turn both of my parents into New East. Really? And I've got my birds saying I'm dying over here. Your bird is speaking now. I'm bird is speaking. Well, don't let that get around the neighborhood. So, uh, you have a nice day? Okay, the short to the points that don't become ponderous. Yeah, keep it short. And I relate to that, Evan. That's right. Okay. 1130, a WIOD. We're kind of agonizing together. He's setting the agenda for the rest of the human race. And, uh, there's two little royal castle burgers I had to. I'm, excuse me, reporting to very well, listen, as great. Very honestly and very, uh, directly, but I'm not having any more. Okay. That's it. That's my lunch. Now, is that pretty good? When there were two boxes full, and I made sure that everybody came in here and grabbed him up. But there are two sitting here and they're going to start getting cold and mushy. And that's going to really frost my ass because these are too good to go to waste. Now, would you like any more? You had your little bag, huh? Well, I don't see any great rod. And then, of course, when Jared comes in from the newsroom and he gives me the son of Then, he doesn't eat red meat. I mean, that's embarrassing, okay? Doesn't eat red meat. Just eats bananas. He just eats bananas and strawberries all day, I guess. What a incredible guy. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 655. Wiod let's go to Miami. Hello. Willy. Willy. Willy. Willy. Willy. Oh, Willy. You're a great guy, Willy. You're a great guy, Willy. Terrific. There you go, Chuck. No problem. Please, please. I'm begging you. Get him out of here. Okay. We do have an open line in date where Captain Psychotic just hung up. 751, 9463, 751 Wiod. For Waterdale. That's your wrong one. But I'll take you anyway, okay? I think? Oh, they're gone. Like I said, see what you take the wrong one out of order. That happens. Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I'm really jealous. You got up to that Chicago for those three games. I don't know if my nerves can handle it. Because watching the watch on TV because you can kind of get up and walk out of the room and rent your hands. But when you're sitting right there in a ballpark, if the games are like the last two nights, I don't know if I can deal with the whole weekend. Oh, yeah. It's going to be great. There's nothing like a great way to feel. You've never been there before. No. It's fantastic. A great place. My sister used to know the ticket manager and he used to get a seat right up in front by the night by the dugout. Doc Alice, remember him? Sure. Sure, dude. He was fondly my niece's calf one night, which was about 13. Doc Alice was fondly your little niece? Yeah. He hit her her foot up on the edge of the dugout. And he came by and reached over to a squeeze in her calf. Yeah. He was a great comedian at Doc Alice. She went at the shock. She was not the same. However, you haven't mentioned about going to Arlington Park while you're up there. Well, no, we can't go to Arlington Park because we're going to go to all the cubs, Metsky. Arlington Park is also going to be afternoon games. So, they've only been runs in a afternoon. That's too bad because they're standing really put that place back together. Yeah. Well, on the satellite, I see the racing from Arlington and they have. It's just incredible. They did a great job. Yeah. And everybody wanted them to, you know, everybody had a plan for that guy to, you know, put up office building, sort of apartments or something. You said, no, you took all of money and he got back and pushed her right back into making it. You know, we're real great facility. Yeah. Now, I'm going to go to sportsmen because that's my number one love anyways, the trotters. And then it'll work out just great. We can, you guys, what we see the cubs in the daytime and cunger brings out its sportsmen's at night? Well, we're going to be going up there in the fall, but it looks like it must be a little bit more in the world series of nothing. It can't be a chance to see that. Well, what could happen? Straight through the window of Avenue. No, my fuel can't win every day. No, no matter what they say. And they can't play. And they can't play the fillies and the pirates every day, either. They can't play over or over. Right. Did you see that game or not Saturday against the giants when not to already scored? I guess was the third grade of the game. No, I didn't see. I was at the track and all I saw is the last inning and a half. So I didn't see the rest of the game. I saw I saw Van Sly to second all month. I put it on video tape. You can fast forward through the stupidity of the answer. That way, if you go down to the field after you score, they show them walking down the dugout giving high-five. The root suck was because he goes give a high-five and he can't reach his hand. So you already jumped up there. Yeah, that's a close hand. It's pretty cute. Please guys, I noticed the short stuff. What's the name of the game? Ramos. Yeah, the big bro. I think you had last night got a base hit and you're already, you know, I mean, I haven't had for big average, but when they've been called upon, they've had a play. They've done a hell of a job. It was like what they came back and freed out. Yeah, that was I still can't get over that. And of course last night, I don't know if anybody watched the game if you got GN. Sean Dunston, an admission having a tremendous home rot. He's just killing the Cardinals this year. He made two plays. One in particular that was impossible. He threw the ball in mid-air on one bounce to him a claim that then it was just, I never seen a play like in my life. He's hot. He's hot, which is an often, but he is right now. If they could just hit his head, then it's a little bit harder. If he just got swing in it so many bad pitches. He's walked 21 times this year. It's pretty amazing. Yeah, I know the equipment, tension. Okay, listen, have a great day and we'll be reporting Friday. Okay, but yeah. Well, look at this. We're going to have to take a break, but we have a very important celebrity color on a Palm Beach line. Collect. Yeah, I'll just be again. Wow, from sleep away camp. Yeah, from sleep away camp. Well, that's great. You just hold on a second now and on the hang on, the witt will be right back to you. All right. Okay. That's stem from sleep away camp or real celebrity. And his own mind, 1135, a W.I.D. also a Metz fan too, by the way, probably should mention that. Speaking of sport. Okay, 21 till noon, a W.I.D. It occurs our next color would like to make a little announcement before we officially begin the call. I have no rice. Yeah, we knew that. Hello. I didn't say that. That wasn't me. Where? Started like you. Uh, put the hot sleep away camp. Stand. It's great. Boy. How about that royalty you were telling us about last week? Oh, there's no royalty. No floating around, huh? No, please. So clean. So what's going on down there? No, not too much. We're getting ready to go to Chicago tomorrow. Yeah, right. I mean, you're last real fast. But he's on vacation. I'm having a great week. Ah, bad. Yeah, we're talking sports. So whatever the hell we want, and nobody's throwing a thing. Yeah, right. You know, roughly it's great. You gotta cut out the cudd's clothes. That's pretty boring. Talk about the mental you want, but the cudd's that's good. What the hell? Oh, one. Oh, all right. Okay, I get it. I do that. Hey, I'll let him sing the whole thing if you don't watch it. Take about your time. I guess that'll take a boy from this very important call. Yeah, did you get a message that called you out the other day? Yeah, your voice was out my answering machine. We erased it immediately. Did you? Uh-huh. Oh, I'll call you later on tonight too. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's exciting. Well, I'll step up. Of course, the cudd's going to be on. So it'll give me like a little break. I'll call you correct there. I'll bet you will. Yeah. How's the training signing up there? Yeah, it's pretty exciting. Mm-hmm. It's like a new, it's an acting, a camera stuff. There's some famous tableman up here too. Like, like, the guy's got your, your Josh Charles. No? He's in dead poetry society. Never heard of him. And Robert Downey Jr was up here? No. Yeah, you heard of him. You can get him. I heard a morning downey Jr. Roger's brother. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, it's a bunch of people like that, you know? And so, like, do you get the meds games up there? Well, some of them. Like the one last night where they lost to the pirates, 42? Yeah, it's exciting to point you. Yeah. We didn't get that one. Oh, that's for better. What do you have of again? Well, I'm just plus just stopped in with all my gone with a bag in a box. I can't believe it. A bag in a box. A bag in the box. So, like a boon in the box. Cool, the y'all. Wow. Yeah. So, I'm maybe we can get jertyed some of this. Look at that. A few mushrooms. Tony going to rigley tomorrow. Or leaving tomorrow afternoon. We're going to be there in time for a Friday morning show, which is going to be an abortion. And I think you can probably do a week on it because abortion is favored subjects. I'll. Of course. And then we're going to see all three games Friday Saturday and Sunday. And you come in all Monday. And let's see, Maddox to be pitching Friday and Bollaki on Saturday. And then of course, so I'll kill this on Sunday, which originally I was planning on leaving early. But after last night, we may have a chance. Yeah. Well, I guess Cole pitches against the Sunday. Great. And how about David West do we get him? No. What a bad day. He's out of the study with patients. Well, listen, he can never too late to change your mind. They're on our journey. They're on a form of irritation. Well, that's great. Yeah, they're just taking care of. Mm-hmm. And they're going to be doing it. They're just in awesome last night. Well, it's been for last week. Yeah. Yeah. You know everything, you know what'll be the same happens. You know what is? You know how it is with those little things. Sure, you can relate to that. Exactly. Okay. We'll listen have a great time and they'll talk to you later. Are you going to hope about 10 minutes? Sure. No problem. Like it's set on the card. I have no life. Right. 142 wins. Possible here would just stay disgusting amount of food. I can't believe it. And well, let's see. Doesn't he read me? Sure. Certainly will eat the chicken wings. Right? Because that's not read me. Not that I'm obsessed with trying to feed him. But he came in yesterday. He was giving me a son at a dance about how he's loaded up from drinking soda. I'm getting the feeling that he's one of these nuts. One of these health nuts. I mean, there's nothing wrong with eating healthy. But he's like obsessed. Life is more than just a banana. You know what I mean, Jared? And maybe there'll be some other people in the news. Or maybe even Troy will stop by in time to enjoy some of this incredible child from Williams Plus. For Tom Dettemberg. Little salad there. How come you bring Tom a salad? Because he's losing trying to lose weight. And I'm ballooning up like an elephant again. And you bring me all the fat. I'm going to eat a lot of celery. Okay. I'll eat this celery. Thank you very much. Thank you guys. Wings plus is here. Boy, not great. 1143 is I'm finishing this little cheeseburger because it was going to go to waste. Isn't this incredible? Now, the audience, you are witness to this. Okay. Yesterday did I eat anything here? Nothing. Zero. I survived. No problem. I went to my mother's had a great dinner. Boy, she had an incredible meal last night. And that was it. And Dennyberg brought me in some new persistent food to get me started again this morning. And look at this. Arnold comes in with all these little cheeseburgers and sits down two boxes in a front of me, which I only had three. I'm in a process of finishing the third one. And now, Wings Plus shows up and they brought enough food for four armies. Okay. Enough food for the whole American League. Including weight bags. Who does eat red meat? I don't know what I'm going to do seriously. Here's a collect call for ball of more. How are you doing now? Okay. All right. I think the operative word is fat. You're fat. I got a mouthful of the sprouts myself. Spouts. Yeah. Well, you want to meet Jared? Boy, you got like a bird's of a feather. Yeah. I think the operative word too. Anyhow, bird's gone. We could talk about baseball. Yeah. Isn't that great? Yeah. That's great. I'm going to come. When he comes back, we'll talk about whatever the hell we want to talk about. Okay. If he doesn't like it, there's always the Joey Reynolds show. Anyhow, I was talking to you last week and you were telling me somebody was talking about how the Orioles were going to fall into the last player. Well, he was a little ahead of himself. There was that cap long 2 a.m. Yeah. Well, guys, they're on their way on. Well, they lost six in a row now, right? But there's still four and a half ahead. Yeah. And they're that incredible. Isn't that the biggest lead in an exhibition? Hey, listen to this. Yeah. That's right. You didn't write my question. Oh, what's up? Isn't that the biggest lead in an exhibition in baseball? Uh, as far as I know that's what they're saying. Trust me. Yeah. So even though they've lost six in a row, they're still four and a half ahead. And you know, Toronto's going to choke. Yeah. Well, totally interesting. Because it's, that's the weakest division by far in baseball. But they'd be contenders in any division. Where are you, sir? Right. Well, I said American League. You know, I'm not into that little league stuff. Yeah. We need them a great band in the club. There you go. How about those brave guys? They can some answer what? How many of you do you think that game that's, wait a minute. You see the game that kids, small, pitch the other night, two nights ago. And he struck out, I think, 14 and lost a lot. That was almost as embarrassing as the game when Sid Fernandez struck out 16 and lost a game to the Braves one of the way. Yeah. Well, that's like Texas last night. Yeah. No one wants to strike out 14. And four others. Mm-hmm. Anyhow, listen to this one. Front change to the Washington Post, right? You've been traffic. Okay. No problem. We're used to it. Okay. Get sound effect. Anyhow. They've got a tape sound just like our show from Chicago's going to sound. Oh, we have to run a street because the bar is closed. Anyway, they've got a picture of the Washington D.C. Police. Margin these prostitutes to the Virginia State line. Right? I mean, there's like dozens. Page 16, they've got pictures of the prostitutes. Get them in the taxi cab to come back to their working post. I found it right here in New Zealand. I thought you might like to hear this D.C. humor. Wait. Well, that's Washington for you. Yeah. You know, most of those politicians up there are a bunch of horrors anyway. I'll put it right in. They say the prostitutes build from the walk across the street to another street thing. When one street thing's harassing. They just walk across the street and they don't have to mess with it. Great. Well, that's a way to do. Listen, have a wonderful life. Okay. Like to say, hello to Hickstown there. And hopefully everything's going good. And everything's as hot as it is up here to this in measurement. It is. Good job, gentlemen. You could fry eggs on your brain here. That's what Ricky Tickie said. Is that right? Okay. Have a good one. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And I'm going to take this, but get this food. I'm sure I'm getting sick just looking at it. What? Seriously look it always. Man, well, too much. There's nobody else here. It just me. And I'm not eating it anyway. But I'm sure. I don't want to guys grow many plugs to get a steer. A little goes to good use. Okay. I'm having one piece of celery. And that's because I'm stuffed. I'm stuffed. I wasn't hungry to begin with. And I don't want any of this to go to waste. So all you primed on is, and I don't know what's going on with them. I'm going to know with them today. Please, please help us out. So I had to beg these people not to come in and eat it. Used to be least after beg them to stay out of here. Do we got to least one or two pieces? Now we have to beg. And the chicken wings are not red meat. So where the hell is Jared friend? The other people in the newsroom. Okay, where's Dorothy and Henry? And Laura? Little Laura? And I want to mention again. It was not Laura's fault. It was not the one that wrote that any out of copy that said, Mike Cousby, that was Coleman. Right? Was that Coleman's fault? That's all Blank Coleman because he's brain dead. That he's not here to defend himself. Okay, thank God. Well, when he comes in this room, I just get hysterical. You always ask me these idiotic questions. And it's always like a multi-part like, like a jigsaw puzzle. Okay? I want to talk about nutritionists right now. Couldn't think of a better time because everybody's in here filling their fat face. Okay. Now that collar on line eight is probably gone by now. Right? No, I'm still here. You're still there? I'm afraid to launch time. Boy, it must be boring to sell up there, huh? It is. Well, they're going to do right now. Let's be all the guys who are in the shower now, huh? Yeah, it's true. Well, they probably not bloody you in, right? No, I don't want to go in trust me. Okay, well hold on. All right. Uh-huh. He's even more paranoid than he was before we left for sleep away camp. Put the hell we're going to do with him. Maybe we can send him what's Steve to get some therapy. Okay, here's a call from Lynchburg, Virginia. Hello. Hey, Neil. Well, he's not depressed. Yeah, because, you know, when I was home, I came. When was up my parents' house a couple weeks ago, and I called your station engineer. And I asked him, like, if there was some kind of radio, I could pick up your station in Virginia. Yeah, sure. And he told me, I got this radio, you know, picked up London and Cairo and Roman. All this time. Yeah, the bench for a wave. Yeah, sure. And I could pick up, you know, the viadier tonight. You know, I could pick up Larry King, you know, like I came already. Pick up a Virginia, but you know, you could go over and see him. But, you know, nothing during the daytime. So I went and spent three dollars for the radio. And it doesn't work. Well, it works. So I can pick up Rome. I can pick up London. I can't pick up Miami. Why don't I get to feeling there's like an echo on this call. You can't pick up WI. We're not on short wave. I know. You could spend $3000 on a radio. You're not going to pick up WI. Of course, Johnny Darkwood tell you otherwise. He would tell you that we come in loud and clear like a North Carolina. I think you guys are up to Jacksonville. Really? But I'm a family big injection. We're on a stand there having a little clam rally up there today and on over the show. That's just a rumor. Well, you know, it was pretty, you know, and tell your producer, whoever he was worried that, you know, Jerry Pace was called, you know, not work right now. Who played Pace for it? Jerry. Don't you know it, but don't tell anybody. Okay. Well, that's great. Well, I'm sure he can scrape it up. Yeah. We'll just go on and beg again for 10 minutes. Well, he does it all the time. Mm-hmm. You know, he's probably, they stopped doing this to stay time TV shows. I heard that Jim Baker used to beg for more than 10 minutes. That's what it said in that story in penthouse. But there was another story, right? I know you're terrible. I know. A bad guy just honest. That's the problem. People can't deal with a refreshing honesty on the show. Why did Michael, why Steve yesterday when we were honest about the fact that his topics are repetitive, monotonous and are killing the show and killing the ratings, he just couldn't deal with that. Well, so when I decided we were picking on him, which is a rather juvenile way of approaching life, isn't it, sir? Well, you know, I listen to Steve for two weeks on his home, but you know, I like Steve and all, but too many abortion. Exactly. That's all I said. You know, Steve, a good guy, every time. He's great guy, but in any guy that called and yesterday said that I hated him with a passion, that was the biggest crock of crap. I know where that comes from. I don't hate Steve. I mean, there was one time in my life when I did and he knows that, but I don't hate him. I don't dislike him. I just have, I don't trust him. You know what I'm saying, sir? Yeah. Well, I don't want to for guy, but he's just always looking straight in the eye. Well, I miss Steve. I miss you. I miss you. I miss the bird. But you know, Stan, you need to get a job. You know, there's an A-M station up here. You can stand up here. You can watch bird. Well, I'll call Stan right after the show. Okay. All right. He'd be great. I can learn more about it all the morning. Okay. Right after Sally. Okay, listen, this call's been exciting, but you know, life must go on. See that. Okay. It's 255, and W-I-D. We have an open line in Broward. 5249463. 524. W-I-D. If you're a cup fan, don't be bashful. Okay. Because you know who isn't here and starting as of this week. You can talk about whatever the head you want to talk about as long as I'm interested in it. Okay. That's the name of the show. If I'm not interested, you'd be going like lightning. Here's Joe in somewhere. Hey, Neil. It's the real Joe. It's the real one. What the hell are you doing on this line? I suppose to be fake on her. No. Well, why don't my arm? You're online tree and day, are you in day? No. Huh? No, I'm in Broward. I'll be sure in Pembert Pines, right? Right. She can call us numbers for free. Right. You got that whatever it is, measured service. Yeah, I guess so. Well, that's good. Because we don't want to run you up a big bill because we know you're making big bucks. Oh, yeah, right. In fact, the stem up the cleapolake camp said that they got an opening up there for you. Really? Yeah. Oh, I'll be sure no one's choir. Okay. But you know when stem says there's an opening, you never sure what he's talking about. That's true. That's a bird's night here. Let's talk about how great the bridge is doing. Yeah, they're kicking some real serious things. They want to get my snipe. Right. Three to two. Oh, yeah. Three to two. But they play in their plan. Yeah, it takes the picture for Atlanta to get a RBI that makes him five a game. Yeah. Well, we do that too. Kulges got an RBI last night. He drove in a second run, which is a miracle. He's only had two hits all year. And they before Balekki beautiful squeeze, but to knock in a run. So our picture in Maddox has been driving runs all year. Yeah. Well, that's part of the game plan. That's the greatest team though. We got people like Darrell Evans and Bruce Benedict who, you know, had her batting like 190. Well, Bruce Benedict, I think like died about three years ago. Didn't they? Yeah, I don't know what to know. Well, nobody told him. Now it takes like 40 year old people like Lonnie Smith to do. Yeah. Now they got some pretty embarrassing guys in Atlanta. Yeah, they do. But as long as they keep the Murphy there, they're okay with me. Yeah. Well, they beat Montreal. We don't know, Joe, is there something you want to tell us? It's just a joke. It's just a little joke. I was by your house the other day, but I... Well, how come now we're in the view? Were by my house like what driving around? No, no. I was eating dinner at the house across the street. What? What? My new neighbors? I guess. Yeah. But where the hell did you meet them? Well, because their friends was someone I know. I kind of... Wait, no. What's going on in his line? Now, that must be the CIA tap on Joe's line. I'm thinking of which I caught an old lady trying to take my unbelievable bumper sticker off. Really? Well, you got more problems. You got people following you around and I'm taking your calling, your strain calls at home. That's okay. It's the Indiana Jones wife. I like it. Well, it's pretty exciting, man. Now, you're now working at that movie, are you? Yeah. You're still working there. I thought you had a different job. I do. I got two now. Oh, you got two job. Yeah. Boy, that's great. If you had a trouble. Well, how come if you were right across it was I home? No, you weren't. What time is it was this? This is at night and both cars are going on, so I didn't bother knocking. Well, did it ever dawn on you that I have a garage? Yeah, but it was like a Friday night. Oh, no chance. No, I go to school on Friday night. That's what I mean. Yeah, I'm in Temple Lama for hours. Right. Right. Train for anything. Most of the times like you're out of material Joe, which is unusual. You're usually full of it, but I guess not. Well, the birds absence as, you know, yeah, let me lose it. Kind of cut into your material. Well, listen, stop by sometime if you're in that neighborhood because I, you know, we're desperate to see it. All right. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. Okay, see you, Joe. We'll talk here. Okay. Well, I was per show. You know what thing about Joe? He always sounds like depressed. I mean, like right on a border line. And that is depressing as colors. But you always sounds like border line depressed. Anyway, we have an open line in big County. I guess that's it for our celebrity color, huh? Yeah, I'm going to take on. Well, it's really a shame. You know, but you're always one of these hit and run guys. You come late and leave zero. So to speak. Just don't you, Dan, don't you want your leave? W.J. or nearly. Follow. Yeah, just open your window. Hold on. Open a window up in a cabin up there. You got it. Guys, like are you like in a cabin? No, really. It's an old hotel. You're in old hotel, huh? You're in old hotel, huh? I'm making old hotel. And how many of that? How many guys do a bunk? Oh, like four? Yeah, I believe it. Okay, listen, have a great time. I'll call you later on tonight. Bye. All right, bye. Okay, there we go. The mysterious stem who just continues dazzling us and we're so grateful at these away. It's people who came to the end of August, for it's like like a real vacation. Okay, Chuck Meyer, who's because nothing's public now after a little lunch here, has got the 12th on W.J. I bet they didn't feed the news. People like this and see. All right. And we're going to come back with our number three, a 12.5. Steve, who's going to apologize for everything this afternoon. Open phones at two. My best friend, Hank Goldberg at six. And the Yankees at Cleveland at 730 tonight. Okay, just a little bit at the time. Okay, 12.6 at W.J. Now, what are you saying, sure? Okay, I just wanted to check. And the tide is here today dressed like a New England, the very farmer or something. I don't know what the hell he's doing. And we're just having a great time here from stem from sleep away. Can't believe he heard from Joe with 10 ends and some of the other chronic scum berries who make they show what it is. And in a meantime, look at that during the dentist half an yesterday too, right around noon time, right at lunch. They cramped out on us. We got a couple of open lines. One in day, one in Palm Bay, which is pretty depressing. How's the wings, Todd? Great. Outstanding. You should have like the heavy garlic ones because it'll make care grow on your chest. It'll be great. All I'm not into hairy chest. Good. Let's see. Okay, let's go to a Hollywood Hill. Hi, Neil. Look at that Todd's taking his clothes off, man. Yes. I just have a quick question. Yesterday you mentioned the poll conducted by self-floor magazine. The magazine is not on the newsstand. Yeah, I understand. The talking telling you secret, I was voted best. Now, why would you say that about Tony? He's a great guy. He's a good friend of mine. Not my best friend. I can't go. But he's a good friend. And he's great. Well, he's a good guy. He's a good girl for like the birds. Well, now you're true. He's silly. But he's good. He is silly. You're right about that. If he could just do it straight, he knows it's straight. Well, I think he does it straight. But then again, that's his business. I don't know about that. Yeah. Well, it's kind of my type. It's kind of a big leave station anyway. But I was... Yeah, general fore has become increasingly giggly. No question about that. Yeah, it's romparrom. Especially since Anna a squeak started doing news there. Well, the whole thing is starting to look like like WECWAPER ROMIS. Yeah. Well, that's the reflectamentality of America. So I think that's probably whether doing pretty well. Well, they're not doing well. So I... I think... Are they doing poorly? Well, it's probably that weather guy that dynamics got the weather map on his face. He's the worst. He's a joke. I mean, I can count to over 100. But I can never count high enough to count all his zits. I'll tell you then. I teach this terrible. He's so good. He's mud with all his little... A side. Yeah, and he doesn't know anything about this area. And he knows nothing about the weather. And he's not funny. And he's not. I worry what'll happen to us if we ever had a hurricane. Well, forget it. But what? We watch in Channel 10, I guess. Or seven, of course, with our good friend Bob Soper. Yeah, he'd be hysterical if I left him out. Oh, yeah. No, Bob Soper's a good guy. He is a great guy. Yeah, he does have a... You know, he's nothing about the weather. But he's a great guy. I think the word credibility is the operator of the word here. But that's... Wait a minute. Who's the license meteorologist, Soper? I know Soper is. Yeah, well, you're the person. But more than no. He's not a meteorologist. All right. Now, the lady says he's not Nick says he is. Well, it doesn't make any difference. What he is, he does. If he knows something, he's keeping it a good secret. Okay, because he is a very difficult time conveying what the weather's going to be. He was unemployed before he came. Well, I look like it. He came because he was a friend of somebody at the station. No question about it. And they gave a real screwing to Bob Weaver, who's a good friend. A great guy. And he's stuck him in the morning. Right there. So this douchebag on her at night. Yeah. Well, Weaver is like the ultimate weatherman. And that's when I called. I wanted to see if you remembered who was voted best weatherman in South Florida. It was a don-no and Bob Soper. And we forgot the worst. You're kidding. And I ripped some Florida magazine. I have a copy that just came in today. And I'm not going to open it. And I don't want them to consider me. I mean, I got best radio personality again this year from South Florida's readers. And that's very nice. But when you're listed on the same page with such outstanding people is that it writes for the Harold that everybody thinks is such a great day. Yoko, what is his name? I can't ever think of his name. He got best columnist. You know, that Yoko with a high pitch, why he voiced that everybody Waves about. Oh, Dave Barry. Yeah. Dave Barry's terrible. He's a Yoko. Yeah. No, no. He's not good. He's not busy. He's an idiot. He thinks he's funny. And he's just a Yoko. Well, he used to be funny. But now he's trying too hard. You could see the way the Todd is looking his fingers in here. It's the most disgusting thing I've seen in some of the erotic. At least he's not looking your fingers. Well, that'll be next. Yeah. OK. That's what I call for. OK. Well, listen. It's South Florida Magazine. Like I said, I don't want anything to do with it. Their readers are on no dos or something. It's prophetic. Yeah. Well, if you could see some of the people in some of the restaurants that got votes in there, you would, for example, the best hamburger they voted for rockers. Oh, really? Now, every time I've eaten there, I've gotten sick to my stomach. I have like the green apple quits tip for about a week after I go there. Well, it's, but it's too bad. A lot of people will, well, you know, go buy that. You know, question about it. They shouldn't do it. Especially what people lively with your country. Exactly. Just like voting me best radio personality. No question. I can't hold a candle. The steam is not even a contest. I like to hold a candle to him on five. Not just a little jokes, Steve. Have a great day. Thank you. Don't take it seriously. Yeah, thanks. You're not even a good one. No, it isn't. See you later. Thanks a lot, you know. Well, she was a little hysterical. It's 11 past noon at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. So Tony stopped giggling. OK, you're a great guy or a good friend. But you'll get old too much. Of course, he's not as good a friend as my best friend. Hank Goldberg. I mean, I like Hank. He's a friend. He's a great guy. But I almost never see him. And for Steve comes on yesterday. Oh, Hank is the best friend. Many rips him on you know. Steve, I think perhaps an overactive imagination is what the problem is. Could that be it? They just, um, um, he needs something. He needs a good sidekick. That's possible. And I have just the guy we might loaned to him for a couple of months. You know what I'm saying? Who's on vacation right now to give you a hint. Anyway, it's probably as past noon at WIOD. Now your brother's going to come in and be sidekick, isn't he? Or I would sure go for that, especially if he come in naked. Anyway, let's talk about, now see that's just a little joke. OK, your brother happens to be a nice looking guy with a great body. And he's essential. Let's talk about science. They put a lot of thought into these laws, you know what? What they do is they put all the spots in a hat and they pick them up. Kind of like the way Tom burrs does the ratings. Boca. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Great. Sure. It is. It is. It's nice when you can do it. Yeah, when I can do whatever now, I wanted to put up with some, uh, eccentric douchebag sitting over here getting all hysterical. And, uh, do like you like a calm day at the ocean. Yeah, why was come till Troy came and I'm starting to give it a little hysterical. But I'll do my best. I'll do my best. I'll have a cragmire. Um, you know there's robbery they've been having at this restaurant. Yeah. Well, if you're a patron and you're eating dinner and you got robbed, Mm-hmm. But the guy after the meal, you know, make you pay for it. I would think so, brother. You know, make up what you lost, yeah. I mean, you know, like you're sitting there and you don't have any more money. Mm-hmm. And then the bill comes. What do you think? So that's a good question. Maybe we can take a pool on that tomorrow, OK? Yeah, I mean, would you pay or not? Yeah. What happened? What do you think? I don't know. I'm confused. Well, you know, it really indicates to me that the fact that you have, you know, been thinking about that and indicate you got a rich full life, you know? I was playing golf yesterday. Yeah. Oh, the golf course and it's like, it just popped into your head. It struck me. Because I have a quite frankly really thought about that at all, but the fact that you bring it up, and I showed me that you've been listening to Steve, I guess. Yeah. All right. Now I'd like to listen to Steve Batch, that he's still like here on the fetch out there. And I mean, he had an interesting topic yesterday for a little while until all the calls stopped. But now I was pretty good. Hey, did you happen to catch that? I didn't watch where he came in. No, God forbid. And I've brought, maybe, at Mordon, you know, Mordon given his farewells and goodbye. Yeah. And, uh, we're more at the lower downing. As Mordon kind of off. Larry Mordonny? Uh, yeah. Why should he sort of? Yes. And we're talking about this path. I'm talking to these guys here who are busy taking their clothes off. Listen, don't muscle in on my time, okay? No, the chance of a lifetime. Yeah. I don't forgot what it's like. They're not looking for a job real hard. It's just sitting there looking at you. Well, real hard. I don't think it's the expression. I don't know what I've seen. I don't know what I've seen. I don't know what kind of job they're looking for. Yeah. Well, that's what I'm trying to find out. Well, as last night on Larry King, as Mordon goes away, King sticks in the statement. Well, I know Mordon. I've been your idol for many years. Yeah. And he even led, you know, Mordon was already gone. When he said it. Oh, which is that was, uh, real surprised. Boy, he said he's been Mordon's idol? Yeah. Yeah. He said he said Mordon was, well, we'll be tolerated. I think are you a little confused, pal? Uh, I'll just say a little bit. You don't go any better than ankle bird. Right. Who's my best friend, by the way? You guys go out and play hardball. Absolutely. Man, we go everywhere to get along and say hardball because I don't think Hank is capable. But I mean, you know, just about anything else. Maybe a little squash. A little squash. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's about it. I think was eatin' a little squash in here for dessert last night after dinner. Hey, don't thanks. Good old. Hank is great. Hey, hey, hey. Look at this. Look at a create trouble again. You know Steve is a professional trouble. Make a motorcycle. They gotta get rid of the gacky and I'm fine. Hank could have like a four cent of tame a show at a really fill in the night time. Well, I'll suggest that to avoid gear. Okay. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. Boy, there's a guy just totally in the bag. 1243. I'd love to do it. I did. We got an open line in a Palm Beach County. 655. 9463. 655. W.I.O.D. And let's go to Miami. Hey, Chuckie. How are you? Boy, it hasn't been long enough. I mean, it's been no long time. Yeah, but it held alongside. Yeah, missed a couple of weeks, huh? Yeah, let me take a break because if he's my name on the street and will hang up on me. So that's why it took a while to go. Who on? Wait a minute. Who on? A neck. The bird. Guy, a bird's not here. Chuckie. Why don't you try to count down? Take a couple of vadiums in just relax. Well, the thing is to miss your winning meal and what that happens, I'm excited. I'm very honored to speak. Boy, you know what I'm yesterday. You would happen last night. Oh, okay. So we lost one. Yeah. Well, we'll make it up when we go to Chicago. Well, he's he for you to say. Bullshit. Yeah, we sure will. Maybe you want to make a little radio better. No, I don't. I know better on ball games. Okay. About some kind of a degenerate like Pete Rose. That has to bet on ball games. Yeah. And I do what he made his history. Don't convict the guy. He deserves to be heard. I think he should still be put to Hall of Fame, but with a little caption. Gamble or something, you know. Yeah. Should just so that he wouldn't ask to risk. Yeah. Yeah. So to speak. Anyway, he'll look at Chicago. Have a nice time to great city. Well, we're sure we think about you, Chuckie. Yeah, especially when they went. Trust me. Okay, Neil. Yeah. Good boy. 244. Another one of those met fans, man. They just can't deal with reality. They just want to face the facts that they sunk. 1245 at WIOD. I mean, they're not like the reds, but you can't have everything. Reds are going to make it come back. They didn't follow. Neil get hurt. Got some kind of an injury. A hang nail or something. He's not for a while. He's one of the only players they got. He's the best ball player on that team. Isn't he? And a little arc. He's also hurt. You see? There's a bit of alibi for losing nine in the world. Man, they're all injured. They're wounded. Medley and physically. Here's a Danny Jackson. There's great. He gave up only six runs in the first two. What is he's terrific? He's got a heardrun average higher than my age. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. This you're talking about the, uh, those pathetic ball clubs like, uh, things that had at the map. You forgot to mention my favorite. The tiger. Oh, there we are. Hey, I want to tell you something like I said consistency is what life is all about. Oh, and they have been so consistent this year. And they've been in last place almost from the first day. What was it? 10 to nothing last night? Oh, no. For the night before. It's 10 to nothing more. It's got shelved and yeah, Morris really is great. Is it? Oh, it's been a, what are you giving him about six million years, or would you come out and go three and twenty or something like that? He's terrific. Well, he was here in West Palm a couple of weeks ago, you know, re-evaluating and thing the way. And he fits pretty well. But that's against, you know, yeah. And the way. That's why I say guys. So, um, I went to my first club game last year, opening day against the pirates. Yeah. Why did you mind it me that there's single 18 is in like them, but of course, you could have been pitching against Miami or Florida. Right. You're pitching is West Palm. Again, all against West Palm. So don't start getting hysterical. Troy, you're jumping all over the collar. Yeah. I said, you're like, the listeners and your full craft and wants to hang up on you immediately. How are you doing at talk? Hey, you're going to get like the bird here pretty soon. I had the bird's job in about a month. I'm telling you. But I'll tell you what, really is great. And don't have any worries about, you know, being there nine o'clock because I didn't have any tickets, me and a couple of friends in mine went, my girlfriend and other friend in mine. We got to a real early because it was sold out. It was opening day. It was about 13 degrees. I mean, it was cold. And there were people all over the place. I mean, it was just like a hit. Great. You're going to love it, you know. What do you mean there were people all over the place? What the hell does that mean? They were hanging out and just hanging out. Yeah. They were, let's, let's rephrase that thing. I was like, Mike, kind of crowd hanging out. There's about 50, you know, bars and pops around there and restaurants. And people go in. They have lunch and it's great. It really is a nice atmosphere because it's quite quite in the middle of the neighborhood. Exactly. In the middle of a dangerous neighborhood like Tiger Stadium where you get mugged on your way from the park. The, the, the stadium. Take my word for it. It's nothing close to Tiger City. Tiger Stadium. I love Tiger Stadium. I love it. The game is great. It's a, it's a great spot. I love when you park like about four blocks away and a little kid comes up to your car. Watch your car, Mr. Watch your car for a dollar. You give them a dollar and then they just totally rifle everything out of that car. Boy, Steve looks neurotic today. Look at that. He looks extra neurotic. Are you ready for an essential? Why are you taking your clothes off? Steve. I mean, I've got Todd and Troy and you're already. I mean, I'm well taken care of for today. Go ahead, Steve. God, you want a real role. God, you don't have any choice with the dollar with the kids because if you don't give them the box. Exactly. Well, if you don't give them the box, then they just totally demolish the entire car. If you give them the box, they just steal a stuff out of the glove box. Yeah, exactly. That's true. They kind of like when you park your car, colder. I've never done that. I was just a little joke. Okay. That was from my friends at Valley Parking. He'll get his steracle when they see me. So what's the best thing about how you're skating in Europe? The best thing is that every seat is a good one. It's close to the field and you can almost reach out and touch the players. You can't. And only problem is the Tigers are also ugly. They probably nobody would want to. That was a problem. I thought they're all always. They're trust me. They're not always in old man. He's about 100 years old. Okay. That's good. That's good. If you could reach out and touch the comms, then it would be a different story. Okay. Well, how do I want to mention no Greg Maddox and Mike Falecki or Mark Grace. Put that across some of our listeners would start hyperventilated. All right. Sandberg. We don't want to leave Rhino out. Okay. That's a great life. Okay. I was just going to say you get that phone line. That's true. Yeah. So that's great. You'll be able to call in and make pulls out of all of us. Well, have a great time. Okay. Talk to you. See you. Wow. I'm happy looking to Cameron now. See I've never been on baseball and I've been on today. Red baseball. Okay. Good here for repeat. It's 106 to W. I. Oh, D. And what can I say that we have to be for? Do they give me any cash to go up to Chicago? Todd, you're in a dream or don't you think I might have a little left over from the Check just to go up and gamble. You know, sportsman's part. It's not going to be. In other words, you're wondering if there's any left over for you and Troy. That was just a sure this. Anyway, I don't know what kind of guys we're going to do. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 W. I. O. D. 655 9463. It's a big one to two off. You missed the show yesterday. The lightning round is history because it it degenerated and deteriorated into cramped. Didn't it? It sucked. And that's not my fault. That's because we had a bunch of pinheads out there. Okay. Miami. Hello. I know how you. Great. Good. I was. I was listening to the show. So what's good? Yeah. I usually good. A good thing to do before you call. Yeah. I just want to make one comment and. To me. As I've been listening to the show since you got on the screen. You've been cutting down the bird. Now, I'm not really. So we're speaking. Are you a serious? I did then. Well, I think you did. I know why why don't you guys drink this so to. There's only one cup there, but I'm sure you guys probably have a shared more intimate things than that. Go ahead. Because I think for a bit of fantastic. He does a fantastic one way. Wait a minute about the vacation. Yeah. Why wasn't talking about. He's there. Why are you there? Why? He does a great job when you're both together. Yeah. That's exactly what I said. But it sounds like you were cutting them down. I am cutting them down. Sir, because he wants to take over the show. Don't you understand? Sir, there's like an insurrection going on here. And he wants to talk about Feeley Kates rest for hours a day. Well, that's progress. Start being off to talk about four minutes a day. Okay? Well, that even two minutes on each one would be a lot. Would be stretching it if you find that expression. It's not a major deal. We're just trying to find a way to bring him back to the bird that he used to be. Don't you understand? It's not a big thing. You don't have to have like a breakdown over it. Or you have to medium. Okay. One other question. Who else went there or were you saying? Go ahead sir. Because I'm, I'm talking with a bad cold. Okay. I had called, I guess it was about a week here. We can have to go. And you said you were going to listen to some cakes. Did you get to listen to Eddie of them? Next week. Or say you didn't listen to them. Not yet. Okay, because I said we're going to write just for a few off. Got it. Just to catch it. No. I was an answer there. There's plenty of chance I could catch it. Sure. It's there by was very careful. Okay. Okay. I was just wondering if you happen to get a rental listening to it. Next week. Okay. See you. What the hell was that? Oh, there's a guy who's really got his life together. Doesn't he? Here's speaking about here's veggie from Boka Boys been a long time. God has it been a long time. Oh, thank God. How are you doing? Great. Really something in here your voice again. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't want to say what, but it's really something. You know, I figured you know, I leave you alone for the while, so maybe you'd be interested in talking to me. I got news for you. I've had your job in left alone for a long time. That's a problem. So what's new? Good home. Great. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Don't wait. I'm glad you're back. I don't see some big stuff. I have no life. Yeah. I'm glad you're back. I don't see any big stuff. I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. I don't see any big stuff. I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. Would you? Oh, a little bit. No. Well, you don't. If you don't. You're going to have to work. We spawn well to my urging's about to you know going back to the bird that he used to be then we got people sitting at waiting in the wings here If you part of the expression ready to take over his job at a much-reduced salary, but you don't want to get rid of him No, I didn't say that. Oh, well No, no, okay Are you there? I'm here. I don't I have no to see your starting something that isn't there like the guy called you said Why did you fire him? But that's not what we're talking about. I wouldn't do that on the year. Oh, no, I don't think you should fire because of course not He's great of course like Johnny Carson and Egg with man. They've been together for years man. Yeah You together for years, too. Mm-hmm. All right. Well listen. I I don't want to think that he's full brother to eggs McMuffin All right, this is been a pleasure talking to you Danielle. I'll talk to you for you are really good You were brief and you're saying goodbye and you've seen I your classic example You're just like what we're trying to do the Burgess delivery format and you're on your best behavior, right? Yes, definitely excellent. So what are you when you want me call you again next? I'm out of year from Shuhua Okay, are you okay? Okay, okay? Okay, so 11 past one at Wild. We've time to talk about the melting pot right now. It's been raised three and okay Well listen for the right price we just won mention at one 14 at Wild Well these are a couple of pretty for guys from plant city. They're pretty wild guys. You know what I'm saying? Pretty wild. No seriously back there. They've done they spend all their time in search In plant city Well, no the rest of them is a bar across from the church and they like kind of go back and forth That's just a little repanct city is kind of like a strange place isn't it? Like a little um they tend to be a little crannish there, don't they? With a K oh, I'd see strawberry capital where that's great lot of fruit in plant city Okay, let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Why Mike Miami? Hey, may I hear them? Mike Fort-laterdale. Okay, you doing a little routine on the bird show when I was on vacation Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yeah Yes, I guess Walk I guess well. It's like my amy on here. So trust me it may look like Boko but you're in Miami Okay, I mean when you open a window and you're all the S. But you'll come in a window. You'll know you're in Miami See I'll on a wedding time Oh, no time when you sound a little Latin to me, sir. Are you? I have well there you go See so you're in Miami. Don't tell me you're from in Boko You're not the guy that called steas today, are you? No, no, I give anything of that guy with no while we give anything But I sure would love to hear from that guy that insecure guy. Oh, no, no, no, I don't talk to you Why not? I only talk to people listen to oh You're not gonna rip steas too. I Was least because then I come back in here again. Take show like the bird to go in it Yeah I got a couple things up You see you got I mean you're ripping off the version of the year right But okay, don't forget that when you got a whole bunch of peanut call it Calling in the only person when I killed two you can turn to Talk to you the bird right so I just cannot really for you Right you don't understand he still does a great job all we're trying to do it so everybody gets so emotional about these things I'm trying to do and I'm see I I believe in doing things the nice way first Okay, and then you do it a little more Strenuously it's trying to emphasize your point and if that doesn't work you finally have to be brutal Okay, that's the only way you get the job done That's right, and I've tried doing everything in my power to convince him that we're not gonna just Limitly go to what he's interested it would would by the way is a very narrow scope again. Oh, to say Yes, I should it yeah Usually it's what we name the one that was at power 96 what is her name? Vanity vanity and P V case and other than that there just isn't much there Here show up a power 96 Anyone maybe ever actually go when yeah, he was there when I was on vacation Yes, I'm a done concho. Oh, you man, right? Which is a fireable offense. Oh, okay I don't know that I hear you play that Gacy in the social density You kind of see me. Yeah, I Try to get see you I can get anywhere is very tough to get in it's was made in Germany Believe it or not. I don't know what the hell was all about See I want to your friend respect if you think they did a great job trying to find it But they can't they don't have it on anybody else How did I do with it? It's not is it in this bud's here? Can't find it now so okay, I just You know what to know that when he had a CD that I can actually look for I guess hard it and try to find it Here it is it's just a second one moment please it's Some of you records and it says manufacturing distributed by telephone West Germany But it's a great CD. It's the best of casey. It's got get down the night and booky shoes And that's where I like it and shake your booty. It's got all great hits I actually I want to see you Yeah, kind of bring back name or you well maybe I give you casey's home number I've got it at the house. He was up in my house the day we did the show the morning show for my house about a year and a half already Yeah, okay listen now So if you're a good looking guy maybe I'll give you casey's home number Yes, it's your carry Finally, right? Yes, so now can you speak can go on or and pick all your show whenever he wants But let me tell you what you keep talking about Steve about it that guy has to be here Eagle Know that and he knows okay, who listen listen to this you don't recall He's he goes better than Debbie Losses, but I haven't heard you show I've been listening to you show for whole week some on vacation and I can actually listen to you guy went like two three weeks on the same shop in one depth in a film And When I'm right I remember that you know, yeah, I remember that I remember that I think I'm a He kept going on and on just like a version I just know yeah, so I mean what can you expect from a guy like that right going on All right, all right, oh the FF the you recall that right you'll be listening to Saturday, no, you know It's not worth Let me say again. You'll be listening to every minute No, who is piff? Yeah, I'm sorry You listen you just quoting me chapter and verse of everything that he's done in the last two years now You know you're gonna be listening No, no, no, you won't I used to listen to Steve right okay because I haven't Didn't know anything about that mayor at that right so now you're listening to say no, no What do you know like a direct line to his house? Shut up to be honest with you. I listen to what on and off on and off on and off I can relate to that sir More I know that's right more off going on right and he was great. I tell you what He my hose on you. Okay, if they get fast To they're not gonna get stand still on Steve isn't going anywhere and Stan isn't gonna work here trust me You can bet your life on it. Okay, sir trust me Well, I'm just telling you I can either lie to you and make you feel better. I can tell you the truth. Okay I listen listen if it will make you feel better Stan starts tomorrow. Okay, two o'clock. Okay, seriously Okay, you feel better now. Yeah, okay have a great day 20 after one. I do have to see how to tell these people what they want to hear that's a problem They don't want to hear the truth. They want to hear certain things You got a freedom of line of BS okay and steel be doing that from two to six this afternoon open phones And then my best friend my very best friend in the world Hank Goldberg will be on sports talk at six tonight Steve where did you come up with that about Hank is my best friend You said that yes, oh, and I don't come in here again. I got to do a spot. I got to do a break and I'll get way behind Hank is in my early no Hank He's my best friend Hey Steve is making federal sounds in the other row. Anyway, he's gonna be sorry to see me leave Friday for Chicago He's gonna be just hysterical. We want to tell you about char-hode right now He's just kind of like muscled in on the show. That's right. That's the way you have to do it You have to like inject your presence and then you don't leave That's true. That's the way that Glenn got started on the show. He just started hanging around and having a good job And he just started to crack again a back rod then he expected to get paid for it You know what I'm saying? So if you guys just kind of like hang around and keep taking an increasing amounting of clothing off every day And got only knows what can happen Could work into a button career Maybe not in radio, but you never know. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. I got a 97 tick-tyr Spiderman for you. Oh wait a minute. Geez. I'm so glad you mentioned it does anybody know Or in just the perfect guy to check this out Is fabric okay? Because if Richard's gonna done he'll beat the crap out of him We need to find out if they got to who tickets for Joe at for us No, I'm serious. I mean like like there's it's not a choice like they promised the guy these tickets months ago And the last I heard he hadn't gotten them yet So Bill wise or boy you boy Gary's got somebody hiding in his somewhere you know what I mean In other words like if he stood up they would fall out He'd be back who's are these Christine oh isn't that wonderful good old Christina Okay, go hit sure I got a light mice to go I go on so they have this like obviously More on thing that they're doing the morning like things that sound like what they are But they're really an a hermit in McQueen. Yeah. Yeah more on is the definitive word for that show Exactly so one pitiate cause in some pentat cause and gives him the oxymor on the bed of Neil Rogers What do you think about that? Pretty low brilliant Where did they say disgusting? Where did they say just back? As an option on the best of Neil Rogers This does come yeah, it's almost as disgusting as they're sliding numbers over there Gee, I almost as disgusting as the filthy crap that they say on the ear in a morning over there in that show Exactly, yeah, fact we got a guy who comes in a 10 o'clock when they leave the studio over there who disinfects he brings in like life-sauce Pray and disinfect everything in that studio I'm serious Out of the two okay, see you Forers a guy who like to he knew when he was finished 26 past one at Wildo We have an open no we don't look at that boy these lines this week since the birds been gone a phone's have been great You think that's just a coincidence Miami hello Yeah, one of Carl's is gone hold that you would be able to put a I don't know well I would see on he could be you know something That's right, who now he's gone. I way yeah, what he had that he had to get his label machine going again I mean, he's not working even while he really takes a portable label machine with him everywhere he goes He's just got to have that sound going or it's like a security blanket Yeah, all right, thanks for on okay Listen to that what a Carlos's friends wants to do like a little personal call here on the phone You know what I'm saying? He'll don't be lost in pal. I'll be back in three weeks. Let's go to a mirror mar hello. Hey now. Yeah. How you doing today terrific Let's talk about the code all right now you're talking so now you're talking about a real honest God ball club. I know now you should be a mixed fan Yeah, there's no too late to reform. I know I have reform I'm now an habit come Ben and I can now stand up proudly and say that's a mixed fuck exactly I didn't want to say it myself Hey, I'm matrient look good from what I've been hearing yeah, I've got his rookie current. I got money from that now Yeah, well that's great. He got 25 saves now he leads the league he gave us a little Scare less than he got the first two months of the night than he then he walked Let's see you walked to guy and Leon Durham of all people got a double but then he got out of it I love it. Oh no, it's matter fact that they scored a run. He got a sacrifice fly made it for him too And then he got the last down love it. We shocked him matter fact you might remember man It's just a remote at Toyota Hollywood no and I I told you I had the Steve Stone and Michael leckey card Really that help not together though, huh? Yeah 81 Steve Stone and 88 for lucky fantastic well, but luck is been really looking good pitching to I mean and all that to go over my Undrient Dawson autograph baseball boy Dawson made a good play on it last ball in the in the night thinning last night It'll run a long way to get that unfortunately I can't see that I got the story If I don't want to make you feel bad, but if you were to see to play the Dunston made a short stop last night It was almost incredible play ever watching baseball 35 years and it was a high chopper on it Artificial surface at worst stadium and he came racing in and in midair He bare handed it and true on what happened got him it was incredible How about anything like it? I'll probably see it on the play for the week if Dunston would play only against the cardinals his his baseball card Be worth a hundred bucks. I'm telling you. I mean, he's just incredible against the cardinals He's 10 for 20. He's got three home runs against the cardinals unbelievable. I was say so All right, let me also say that I would also hope in Carl it's with the acrimon other one of his friends really She I didn't know Carlos had so many friends that all who now we used to go to school together before I graduated I asked you a personal question about Carlos because he's a nice guy, but there's something that bothers me about him So right I always sound so depressed I have no idea but does it mean He says that really in fact Joe also that called before Joe from Pepper Fines who's a good guy But he always sounds really press a Carlos I don't know about I'll you go to Freddy just seems that way. Yeah, I think it's because he the meds fan. Oh, yeah, that explains it But I could be it. Okay. Have a great one. Are you kidding me? See you. Bye. Now. What did you find out? There are no more who took it's left You know I want to tell you something I even went up. I was sitting with boy Gary and with Mr. Dizzy With that to do Spag that's the general manager of an affront Walt Disney's brother-in-law And I was sitting up there in the office last week. Oh, we were talking about this ill-consumed trip to Chicago And I'm reminded them because they were talking something about who tickets and Disney pulled out a pair and given it But they were throwing them around like like old baseball cards like Don Mossy cards. Okay. They nobody wanted And I said by the way Joe over a floor is we have promised and Bill wise has promised him apparently tickets for like two months Because remember when for us you should send all the food You remember right you don't know you just ate it But anyway, I mean just tons of food they used to feed the whole building time and time and time and time again A great folks they love us and we tried to got big form and we promised them no problem And I was nervous about this wasn't I I was having them because I knew that Dolores is usual Full of crap no matter what he tells you it's an absolute faulthood and Low and behold we've come to it so Wednesday the concerts are the who concerts Sunday and it's Wednesday and the word is there are no more who told you that Boy Gary I don't think I'm going to Chicago I think I'm gonna boycott I think I'm gonna work for I'm gonna protest what is this a memo There will be a whole meeting in the conference room tomorrow. This is a mandatory attendance is the all the GTR Who told you there or to this is the same guy who told us that Cliff for Morrison is a meteorologist okay, which is not There's a what Scott Schwartz has tickets So wait a minute that doesn't solve our problem though, does it? I don't give a flying leap about the people at GTR they don't need to go to the who concerts They're already still not of their mind. Anyway, they don't need to go to the concert for that The meeting tomorrow is that it wasn't a M in the conference room That's right you'll be here tomorrow you'll go in there and appropriate a couple of tickets And if they don't give me you'll you'll squash somebody's head right Boy this this place man. Like I told you this slogan ought to be a we lie a lot at Wio Dave or they've got more people here who tell tales and make up crap and just Oh sure no problem. We'll have them for you dark hold your breath. Okay, and Pete Rose would say dump that on it All right, I can't believe that they would do that to Joe Joe. We're gonna do our best okay, pal I can't make any promises but tomorrow We're gonna raise holy hell here, all right And if they if they don't come up with the hoot tickets I wouldn't even take try and tie to Chicago. How do you like that for a threat? Okay, it's talking what do you want any one? They just send this don't send me stand They send us all this idiotic crap. I don't know it's like all the rest of the mail It's well intended but a bunch of crap anyway 1234 or 135 I'm not telling you another great thing about no lighting Ron is not I don't feel like we're kind of like backed up against the wall This last hours like more relaxed and not hysterical and obsessive wait a minute. What do you mean charred? Did I just do charred? Oh geez. I missed that earlier. Boy I can't believe that I can't believe They did that to them again whoever makes this log. I hope that the bird of paradise drops everything is got on your brain My Annie hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Great? You know it's it's really a shame that those guys of course aren't kidding I was sick of cuz the day that you did the show that Right after you said it on the other day we're gonna get the ticket In Florida's getting lunch. Yeah, those guys are really excited Yeah, not only that but was how many months ago? It's got to be at least two months ago. I thought it was yours Yes, seems like it but you know if still wise is any kind of a business man? He's not he's an asshole, okay? Well, he's an absolute asshole and and he comes in here. Oh sure no problem. I'll take care of it and and that means forget it That means he's not at least an interested man. He never follows through on anything Well, he makes me sick you can give him a way out and the next time it's like wise comes in here to try to promote that Stupid idiotic drug oriented radio station of his next door. We're gonna shut off the mic, okay? The old problem to give those guys is there's so many tickets floating around outside of stadium to give Tell the boys to give those guys a blank check. Yeah, and they could pick up lots of tickets I don't understand what this is maybe this is worth something that stamped that this idiot sent me in the mail check it out You guys might be able to retire on that. What is that sir? Tell the boys to give those guys a blank check because it's not the scalpers still wise ain't gonna give anybody anything except a headache Okay, trust me well I was out in the ass. He's an idiot. He's a douchebag and he makes me nauseous I'm afraid to go to Florida's now because I think there's like they're crying They're gonna hate us now. It's not my fault, but you know we promised them and we you know did it with best of intentions And we thought that we could count on these people in the building to come through. I mean They had because they're sponsoring the concert right GTR So you know they had Jans and Jans a ticket and back when I was in busy office he and board Jiri the conversation was all we got plenty of tickets They're all over the place. I heard that with my own five years, okay? So trust me Everybody inside the building is sucking up these tickets and they're all gonna go there and have a great time And our friend down there street has been so nice to us see how we turn our backs on our friends Well, but that was okay. I'm gonna blame you I'm not going to Chicago. I'll tell you unless he gets those who tickets I'm moms to stick it around here I'll hang out at the Todd and Troy's house Well, you know who's gonna be in the bar it? It's at nine o'clock in the morning in Chicago Who's that? Well, you know like we guys are working in the five good a half-year Well, it's like security guard happy are they they work the graveyard should 12 to eight so it's gonna be a Bar full security guards. Yeah, well that's great. That sounds exciting That's what I've always wanted to do is ensure with a bunch of guys who are security guards Well, you know, it could be a good week. Well, we sure will have flying those planes up there. I'll tell you that I'm in way airlines Do you want to be a little bit of a monocle to someplace where there'll be some people what's that? Do I blow the bird the mind? What's that like like Tuesday when he's really been to that shape from Monday show? Yeah Can like you're trying to ease up a little fake, you know like pod guys Let's say listen, let's talk about Lakeland and then then start rallying off the roster and the staff from the Lakeland Tigers No, we got a better one to net our two guests here today who just kind of like our muscling in on the show lately They're gonna be here on Monday Just sitting here in the two chairs in the two empty chairs that are usually empty except when a fan which is here Just to piss him off just to make him paranoid and secure Well, you wouldn't you don't think that I'll drive him away. Do you want? See in a possible substitute well it'll make him real nervous. I'll tell you that I know it definitely on personal experience Speaking nervous Yeah, you talk about the cut weight. See and schedule that would make it easier from the win of division Aren't you really nervous that a Gary Carter is off the disabled with hey that gives me more confidence than ever Yeah, I think you noticed the first game he came back to metz lost last night and that could have been a best thing that happened And then to keep them in a race was when he got injured Well, remember there are no quinsants That's correct. Okay, no have a great life. Yeah, boy. It's gonna be rough now the Carter's back in here with his 125 average He is in trend especially with that great arm. I think he threw a run around about two years ago wasn't it wasn't the last one about two years ago. I think it was a picture Let's go to a four-lanternale. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, just the other day while I was getting the early break special We're cutting down Glenn He was on vacation Why do you do these things? I don't know. I can't help myself Well, back to terrible. I know Have a wonderful day one 40 a W. I would be 20 before two that call was from sunrise by the way in case there was anybody who had any doubts Let's go to a Palm Beach, yellow I did a nail. Okay, I was in credit wasn't that good? I first bought a couple of something Yeah, I think the greatest thing you've done lately is gotten rid of that lightning round Yeah, that was really beginning to get ponders. What are your old burial? Yeah very old and very in very poor taste You know, yeah, see that's a problem with a public you give them an engine a water mile That's what choice in the last hour Anyway back to the cup So you've never been to really feel It's definitely a experience A variance yeah With the bleacher bombs out there especially for a weekend series with rival like the met Yeah, well, it's gonna be jam packed every game is a sellout and you were talking about how close tiger stadium was and Hey touch out We chat touch players When you get into really feel you're gonna be shocked because it looks like a little we ball park once you get in there I mean with the idea on the walls It makes it looks like a centerfield around pictures now It's really incredible and if you get a chance Well, right after noon Lunch break or whatever there's a place in old town over there called the pickle barrel And it's just an incredible place It's an old time tower over there and it's a great place to go out and get a late bite to yeah Maybe that's like the but I know Probably have your time limited out there Anyway, that's all I had to say on cut it short and the cut it sure well that's what the rabbi said when I was born too And it's a worse thing than ever has How did it trip in okay? You let have a great life all right? 141. That's you think it's a joke boy you'd be in tears 142 a Wild we have an open line in Boca 2789463 two seven eight WID1. That's one of the prices you pay for being Jewish my Annie hello hello Neil hi How can you keep letting 15 and a rep you're still like that? Well, you notice it was real brief today Do you notice that yesterday was Carol yesterday was in abortion if you're part of that expression? I have a question and for a guy who's against abortions you think he cut it out I request you'll mention his name and a minute you mentioned his name boy came in a studio there It's incredible he's got like antenna I've been staying out of his ears. This is life so exciting all he can do is hang around and be a shadow to you Oh no, he comes in around he's getting ready to do that show he's doing his homework and preparing that contract controversy comes in about 1231 a clock I mean it's a repeat how much does he have to get to me don't start ripping him now. He's got four open hours calling Hey, you're so good at no relation listen to see I don't like these but kiss I'm not calling you a but kiss or but I know the words if you want to rip him and tell him that he's whatever Yeah, he's got four open hours today But you doesn't let you tell well you've got to be strong, okay? Yeah, even when he hangs up You have to still keep talking. I just think it's here show the tell him it's here show and if he wants to talk and Right, isn't it amazing how like everybody wants a piece of the show? I know if you want to know the wrong with a little piece that's what I've been trying to tell everybody here But they don't agree. It's your show. Tell me stay out. Okay. She said stay out. It's my show. That's right Okay, Neil what about cotton Troy can they hang out? Can they hang out here? Because they don't try and encroach you know because they don't say anything They don't say nothing. Which is the way the bird ought to be again just sit around and shut up and get paid and go home Step all in when every feels like it and it's your show and Neil everyone that knows your show Know that when enough is enough you'll call him that so tell him yeah Well enough is enough. No, like you do I'm some of the Neil charm. I know okay have a great life Okay, you're gonna be alright. Yeah, see a five one four you for a W I think you started kind of like interesting Didn't she we have it open line in date 75 one nine four six three 75 one W I O D you might call You're ever gonna get on because we don't have time for that many calls, but it'd be kind of fun to see it light up again Pompano hello, hey, Neil. Yeah, look at that. It's ringing out. There's no chance hold on Okay hold on one second. Okay. Yeah, it hold on did you ask it put that up? There it is now you know you're not gonna get on right? How about that Neil? But it's worth it isn't it you gotta really yeah, but you actually did get on I know it can grow so I fake you are right all right hold on. I might go to you next because you sound like you got something up your sleeve Okay, well, go let it out. Okay, you still here. Yeah, where did you go? Where you mown wasn't talking you was I yeah I was I think so are you sure I doubt it okay? Whatever you said no, there's no doubt about it. Is that talking to this call? No, no You would me who was I talking to for am I Alzheimer's is acting up real bad? You're okay. I don't well. I got you now. You know I'm stuck with you. Yeah, I lost and gone forever I got a clear theory of saying all this week when you were there and this is not not not Ripper routine deal, but all this week they were saying and back to the Neil Rogers and Glenn Hill show We've already covered that sir and a card has been destroyed. We burned it right on the air How to heck this is you have an analogy? Because they know I wasn't aware and I'm pretty damn pissed off about it too, sir Okay, you better never happen again. I'm gonna burn the building down Oh, I'm sorry Gary it's our program director. I can't understand he came in on a bus from a lure Will they pick him up at the bus station one day hitchhiking and he's here now? You know you tell me something that you can real quick and easy You know when I find I'm in a business with service business like it a lot of calls from radio stations One thing to have my service and my product for it in and they want to trade it for advertising I can respect that the broader system is a very old thing right workstraps, but they seem like that people in the business are And out now for sure liars and hores How is I think is number one liar is just like kind of secondary? Go on to one or two is worth everything they can't add in my pocket and not see anything from me And just they want to only want to give you a spare airtime and obviously your time is money She a lot of people think that prostitution is illegal in this country. They don't think about broad chance to hear right I can see it. I know I look at you and I turn around and say you know what I made and why is moved? I've had a lot of like I say about good 45 stations major stations turn around the safe Is what we want to do and whatever I turn around is that no last one in fact happened to been why 100 just after they did that for Toney really no idea what really it happened until recently when I heard about it You know, would you guys and The boy are really glad because if they turn around and they stand there there main people in the back What did I do to a little you know, a lonely service company like myself exactly they'll really give you a Is ring like I never saw no I really would floor because I go and there a lot not well I'm just filming it to mouth about that I'm not joking and if they don't take care of Joe down at floor Is I'm the Disney can do the show from the from a Chicago I just go see the ball games Okay, just don't show up and see you on the floor You're in a for you there like everybody up maybe not but one thing if you pair tickets put you hand to him I don't want any of this well that's an idea. Yes suppose I say I want that's that's a thought Good thing okay, okay, thanks for having a good one now that's good thinking you have to be Dishonest and devious like they are and then you can do business with him where you want on the line yeah, oh I'm sorry Well, he was such a good call. I had to go to him right away. Oh, why Mike Disney and who's boy Terry wait a moment was I talking to you before? Yeah, okay I just want to make sure I don't do a twice and wrote a boy Mike Disney is the general man where who was totally lost has that any idea what planet he's on and boy Jerry is our program directed What equipment on a bus It might be here boss. Yes What you call a reduced back because he is Yeah, but all right, all this a bunch of hype no Directly a human's back when you had to make believe right What would it be a food for you? Yeah, you're a way to get waiting in green. Yeah, you're probably the guy we spot You're probably the guy who set that up aren't you? Let me say it again. You're probably the guy that set that up No, no, no, no, no, I remember go directly This guy What was there have you ever heard the word the term non-secretor? No, that's what this call is full of what is that have to do? Sir when you shut up a minute and listen What is that have to do with Mike Disney? Because Who might this be is because Bill was very good to you? That's right Go what do you think I'm upset what do you think I'm upset about? If your voice gets any higher, sir, they're going to be convinced you had the operation The same one my dog's head I don't know you just up in a boycott Going to pay a dedication for this guy your an old smoothie okay 148 12 before two At WI the I promise you, sir when we come back from this break you're going to be it Hey, I was at me. Is that okay? Sure. I thought there's Mr. Trevor and drag there Boy, that was incredible. That was kind of a drag all right all right hold on I see you didn't even think you were going to get on right now you've been on twice You're becoming like a miniature celebrity I'm a chronic kind of like Tom Denner to little tiny celebrity all right hold on a second And we're going to talk about Charles in the run in this business. I can understand it if we ever started doing that He accused me of ripping him off so I don't dare do it I just don't do a few minutes today. One guy called because Whoever he has some guy was on a funny goes don't ever let that guy call again He goes into chronic his name's Bob from Papa now. Oh my god But he has a car here in a long time He's got him now Anyway, I don't think I'm gonna know. The wonder he's been a little ill Yeah, he's got a real bad he was choking and broken and now he's a lot better boy Saturday We went to the track he was so I thought he had pneumonia. Yeah. Yeah. He was gasping and weasing and choking and most of his horses were tourism matter effect. Did you get stuck on that one that I Hank the other night was telling me about a he better worse than they ended up scratching it or no Disclap on it and you say you love to You know something Hank is always crying okay's always crying my best friend Hank Goldberg He's always crying about Louis the audience doesn't care about that that's why they call a gambling Okay, that would be roasted. He said you know if you're gonna punch your brains I expect to lose a good part of the time Well, you heard article that I was actually on the reds that were dead Williams is the only guy It really said you know what he what he did on the field You know that's why I should be in a whole family all these other guys We're really we're really given it to all p We're the ask me if I care whether p roses and all the famous longest Harry is in there now. We're in good shit That's right, you know what and they had this thing on the FPM year tonight didn't show one second I Harry care. Yes, they did they did and they did a clock on the FPM Oh, yeah, they had a lengthy segment about Harry. He's very it was great if I was better than the special WGN did at monocleye it was terrific But from the whole thing thermo. Yeah I mean, well, no, they didn't show his speech But they had a great feature on him for about 15 minutes. It was terrific It was the longest segment of the show. Oh, I didn't see that I thought it's watching all day And they did sure anything about a speech I'm going to pause On a speech to be honest with you didn't miss my say they showed that on G and I wasn't doing to excited I bet you a tip was real proud he was there and chip his grandson was this chip and And slip they got three generations of carries doing sports. I like skip there He's good. I want to get you know you have a feel sorry for him But being there with the braves and with dirty Johnson boy. That's really you know He wasn't death. You have the same nasal quality as he does not you know nothing derogatory But I mean you haven't evil quality, but it went out just tell you boy. I really You know, you know, not like me, but like him and Probably listen to the heck and I see what he has to say about their forces Maybe he can come up with a heart if he starts belly aching again Make effect call him up and give him a hard time Okay, I'm that's why they call it gambling Yeah, he was a troll of the food dealer I don't want to I shouldn't tell tales but Nick and Zoll is up at the call to who's the PR guy When you bill caught her and I went there a couple of weeks ago. He went on a great length And of course Nick is a kind of guy who's kind of a boring guy's a nice guy, but terminally boring Never says anything. He went on for like 20 minutes about Hank keeps calling him at home and belly aching He can't catch it called her and he keeps losing here And he ripped the hell out of me because I got ripped off for eight bucks in belly party and you know like I wasn't supposed to tell That when I got money was stolen, but if he's up there gambling nobody is forcing him to bet you know what I'm saying So if he's punching his brains that could a lot to him those horses got to eat Yeah, they were there with even crying to prove this money that he didn't catch a picky yet over there Well, I got news for his callers like he's always the same ago for weeks he'll never catch and then he'll hit some ungodly Perfecto have like a $5 perfect and they'll pay about six seven under but and then he'll have gambling money for another four weeks They know go another month. He won't catch you ticket. That's called her. He's got the same pattern ever since I've known him He's got a bet like that guy a call from the 12th to one the guy or the friend of the jockies when he goes $2 on a show that's the one