Why OD presents Neal Rogers, to get a touch and talk, call 751Wild in May, 524Wild in Broward, or 655 and 278Wild in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neal Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610Wild, he's back, and he's stalking a cycle who wants to make the Chicago Cubs Pented Contenders. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy, hairy. Clint Eastwood gives a whole-famous performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster, there's action. The pitch, strike it to the piece of the ball right past Clark. Suspense. If nightly, it could be, it is a fine. The romance. Oh, look at that, don't that broad, Steve, Paulie Collins. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy, hairy, coming to a theater near you. What's all the anticipation of this morning? Even probably Simon. Never saw anything like this. And that really is that legitimate call? Online tree. Collect? Hello? Yes. Aile? I'm in a little town just north of the Gainesville called Alotuate. Okay, we're the population of about 4,000. Our table here has sports channel of Florida, WGM, WWOR, plus every other thing under the sun. Great. Okay. A real happy for you. There's 2,500 subscribers on the table system. So all this bull that we hear in South Florida is about, we can't do this and we can't do that. Then how can a little dumpy company up here afford to have an old land? Yeah. Have I made my point? We can't do this and we can't do that. You know what I mean? Yeah, I guess. As far as South Kirk and all the big boys go. Yeah. And here's a company with 25 on. Let me ask you a question. How long do you think I'm going to discuss this? I mean, you know, we love sports channel of Florida and all of that other stuff. But how long do you think I'm going to discuss this? I just wanted to pass it on. Okay. Well, we're real happy for you and to stay up there. Okay. It's 10,07, a W-I-O-D. Boy, now we really threw my whole rhythm off here this morning. We were a couple of the lines already lit. Although nothing earth shaking, have you noticed that? Nothing earth shaking. There is something missing. You may notice already this morning. I have a little dilemma of my own here. I can either gloss it over and give you a sugar-coded version of why the bird is no longer on the show, which was my original intention because I don't want any friction and hostility, any personal antagonism. However, the other option is to tell the truth. So that's your choice. And I already know some of the crap that's going to come in because in a hotel there's some of the audience. Wow, he was a threat to you and he did a great job while you were on vacation. And now you couldn't stand a threat and you had to get rid of it. Let me tell you something. This has been coming on for a long time, including virtually every day during baseball season and baseball has a long time, like from April to October. And there's just a bit of few episodes that have occurred. And I have been looking for the appropriate moment for us to kind of go our separate ways. And to be honest, there is no appropriate moment. So it's just better do it now than wait for example two, three weeks until right at Christmas time, which would be a horrendous thing to do. When I worked at INZ, I remember they fired somebody on the day before Christmas. Which was also his birthday. So that was really a nice, you know, kind of the guy gain at a special thing. By the way, speaking of really tactful stuff, I love the quotes from Disney and one, by the way, one Carlos Cotex called me at my mother's house yesterday. I'm having lunch at Mamis and the phone rings and it's that pain in the ass. One Carlos from the Harold, you talk about a pushy guy. You talk about going the extra nine yards to get the story. And the only reason Jick had didn't have more or any of my quotes in here, because I couldn't talk to Tom Delogat home at about five o'clock. But this one Carlos Cotex is just incredible. Anyway, what was that just going to say before I mentioned about one Carlos? See, that's one of the problems now. I've got nobody to remind me. My mind is going to have to come back. I'm going to start thinking for myself. But anyway, it's been coming on for a long time. I want to thank Len for everything that he did for the show last two and a half years. There's a possibility he may go on and do his own thing, which certainly a lot of people. Oh, Disney's quote. Look at that. Marvin is right on top of things. Yeah. Now actually, I'll do the break first. Then I'll get into that Disney quote. Because if I were Stan Major at this point, if I didn't have a gun to my head right now, I'd go out on 441 and buy one. Okay. I'm serious. I mean, that has got to be the most tactless horrendous quote. I mean, you know, I'm sure it's true. But why say it for publication? In fact, if you notice the promos that we run on a radio station for talk, they don't even mention Stan's name, which like him or not, I mean, he is on the air now. I mean, temporarily or permanently or whatever it's going to be. But I mean, he's there in a major day part and afternoon drive. And we avoid mentioning them like the plague. Now look at that phone. Isn't that kind of interesting? Isn't that fascinating? Because I envision to be honest with you, because I knew it being both papers this morning. And I had a feeling when I came in that every line on the board would be lit up, either in protest or certain. I don't want to take the opportunity that Glenn has gone to sit here and rip him because I'm not going to do that. I will give you my own personal feelings about why I decided to go back to doing the show alone. But I'm not going to rip him because I like him personally. We don't have a bad relationship. But he's got to go and do his own thing. Okay. He had the softest job in broadcasting. He had a push job was being paid in enormous amount of money to sit here and eat and cackle a little bit. And it just became, there was a certain on the air and tagging his and that existed when I wanted to talk about certain things that he wasn't interested in. And it just got to be too much. Okay. Also an antagonism that was created with some of the callers out there. Kind of like me against you kind of thing. It almost seems just don't work out. You know, it's like a bad marriage. If you're pardoned that very poor analogy. Anyway, it's 12 minutes after 10. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any question? I tell you what's really disappointed. We got a lot of cowards out there this morning. I'm not a lot. Couple would you say? Couple who have called Marvin and the screamed in his ear and bitched me out. I'd rather hear it myself. It's much more fun for me to hear it and for the audience to hear it. It's lots of fun. So if you want to do that, go right ahead because it isn't going to bother me in a least bit. And I'm anticipate. Quite frankly, if we don't get a little bit of that. But anyway, the article by Juan Carlos Cotto, it says Neal Roger sidekick gets the boat that goes on and talks about the fact that Glenn is gone, etc. But then the paragraph that I find absolutely incredible. WIOD General Manager Mike Disney said, Hill is a candidate for a weekend show or the two to six afternoon drive slot. Left open when Steve Kane moved to New York in October. Disney said the station is not set on keeping Stan major. The current filling for Kane and is considering host from around the country in addition to Hill. I just, I must really repeat what I said before. I just can't believe that Mike really said that. Do you think he said that? Do you think Juan perhaps just made that up? Because it's one thing to feel that way. It's another thing to quote it for, I don't know. If I were Stan, like I said, I'd probably would have already pulled the trigger. So he may not be here. I may have a long show all by myself today. I think we ought to have a little party today by the way, don't you? I don't want to sound like I'm dancing on somebody's grave, but I just feel like a rock has been taken off my back. And I know Glenn is listening. I want to take that personally or feel bad. But it just, it just developed. There was kind of like this on the air and tagganism and like I would say a lot of things in there would be the sigh like, oh gee, you're not going to talk about the Cubs again or about the Hiolio or about upstate New York, it's said it went so on. And if somebody called in from upstate New York, then we'd have to have the obligatory balancing it out, call from some redneck from Lakeland in order to balance it out. I don't feel after all the years I've been on the air in this market that I have to balance things out for anybody else. Okay. I mean, I don't want to go into a big song in advance. And I know there are a lot of people out there. For example, today that I got very upset with him on the air about that thing we were going to do, that little appearance that impromptu thing we were really looking forward to do. And the reaction to that by some of the people in the audience was kind of like the last nail in the coffin as far as I was concerned because when the day comes that I can't sit down and express my honest feelings and opinions on the air without being bitched out by some people out. How dare you say this to him? How dare you do that? It indicated to me that there was a real conflict that was developing and I'm not looking for that. Okay. When you're working on the air in this market, you have enough automatic conflict anywhere with all these morons out there who are angry. It's a hostile town. Although I will say we should give Bill a lot of material for you to show this morning. Boy, you talk about really capitalizing, talk about dancing on somebody's grave, but he did a great job of it though. A 1017 in WiodD, let's get right to these calls because I have a lot of other stuff here, but I'm sure that one way or the other we're going to hear the good, the bad, and ugly, date county. Can you tell us a story about the first please? Was he a threat to you? Yeah, a threat. Yeah. Okay. Good one. I'm clearly speak, but right on target. Boca. Boca's not there. Okay. Good start. Mani from Kendall. How are you doing? Great, mani. First of all, I just want to welcome you back. Let's hear, let's hear, let's hear, let's not do any preliminarys here, mani. Let's not have any verbal for play. Well, let me tell you the truth. I'm going right on to it. I was reading the paper and usual this morning and I was in shock when I read the article. I couldn't believe it, but I really can't say that you couldn't see it coming. Well, that's what amazed me because when I talked to Glen last night, he said that he was totally shocked and he said the same thing in the paper. He thought he was going to be doing this for the rest of his days. I never dreamed that this was coming. I had many, many conversations with him off the air in recent months. I mean, not real recently, but in recent months. And even some on the air where we had some headed out over the fact that I just wanted to go ahead and do what I want to do. And I just don't think it's sunk in. He really had was being paid a lot of money. I mean, a very substantial amount more than some people, some friends of mine, who've been in this business for 20, 30 years, who have paid their dues, who have earned their credentials if I can use that expression. And all he had to do was sit and kind of cackle and eat some lunch and read the inquire and shut up. But it just went beyond that the last several months, especially during baseball season, and at other times, and I just, I'm not going to fight with people on the air. What's interesting is there's a quote in there that it's not going to be a two-man show. And I never listened to you when you were by yourself. I started listening to you when you started it, Zeta. But, well, it may come as a shock, but I actually did many years all by myself and to somehow, when I, I beg my way through, you know? No, my point is that through those two years that I've been listening to, you could actually tell that you know, that things have started to bother him and that he's, you know, actually thought that he's had a bigger part in the show, which he actually did. Well, I think it's time. I'm really do believe he could do his own show somewhere like maybe on weekends here or on FTL or he could be on the front. Lights here from 8 to 11 would be a great time. I don't want to rock the boat there, but as long as Disney's opening is big mouth, I might as well suggest that, you know, he'd be fine for 8 to 11 would be great. But I think that's true. I think he should be doing his own thing and then there's not the friction and he's got, he's got his own core of like, canter's not like, like Johnny Darfins. He's got a lot of people who like him and he's got his own little agenda with Phoebe Kate's and all this other crap. And that's great, but it just doesn't fit into my agenda. Yeah, well, he's going to be missing. You will have a group of people in a file, you know, if he does get a show of his own. And I think, you know, today's going to be pretty interesting. I think it's going to be a day of transition and they're going to be a lot of these neurons calling up things that he was afraid to you after. Well, that's the operative line. He was, I've got a news. Anybody who knows Glenn knows that he's not afraid to anybody. Okay. No, he just isn't. That's just not his thing. Yeah. I don't even know the threat I read. Right. Well, no, he really isn't. He just not a, uh, forceful kind of person. He's more laid back, although, you know, occasionally grumpy, but I guess we're all like that. Yeah, but it is that it's really was getting, um, you know, too much for a trip to handle. Um, I mean, I just thought I'd talk to you. I thought I'd get my two cents in at least at least three or four cents. Okay, man. Okay, no, I love you. Have a wonderful while don't say that. Have a great day. But I do. I know that's what I'm afraid of. Yeah. Bye. That's what you, UIO, day the calls are coming in fast and furious now. And what can I say, you know, it's what I feel, no, I don't feel bad because I know that he'll do okay. And I said to Glen last night on the phone, I said, every time this happens in his business, it's for the best. And the station's gonna take care of them. They're panning through the end of the month. And, uh, probably you'll find something else for them. And things will work out for the best because you can't just be like a flunky the rest of your life. You have to assert yourself and develop your own thing. I think that'll be good from because otherwise in a even says it in the sardicle he'd have been satisfied and just kind of sit back and be like you know in the shadows forever. And I don't think that's right. 22 boy talk about philosophical crap 22 after 10. W. I would do what I do. Neil, this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great tape. Okay, 10 25. It's W idea. I guess it's safe now to bring some of those people out of the closet. We are going to get some food in here. Aren't we? Should what should we do? Should we get Wayne to bring food? He was here yesterday. Wasn't there the day before day before? Yeah, he might come back or pizza will offer somebody. We have a little party because you know how we do is do it when somebody in the family dies and I'm not saying anybody died. God forbid, but I'm when somebody like disappears, you sit down and you eat to drown your sorrow. So I think that the staff here might enjoy having little repost of something. We'll work that out. I'm sure somebody will come through 10 25 and W. I don't forget whatever you do those checks. Please, let's get on the ball with the Camilla House so far we've raised 2400 through yesterday. Although yesterday's mail didn't really show up. I have a feeling we'll have an avalanche of mail today because there was like one little envelope of the $15 check that came in yesterday and the rest of it, they never got to put up in the boxes or something happened to it. But anyway, make it out in any amount. Help the homeless and help the great work that brother Paul and brother Jack and a people of Camilla's house do and make the check out to Camilla's house, CAMI, L.O. U.S. and Mela 2, Neil Rogers, W. I.O.D. Miami, 33141 and with every donation of 20 bucks or more, we will send you a cassette and we're providing the cassettes. You have to send a stamp to the rest envelope and we'll provide the cassettes this year and it's got some of that to like I said yesterday, clever crap that we play on the air and that's it. Okay, that's our little inducement to get you to a spring with a few bucks for Camilla's house. Hollywood. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Are you gonna have any fun anymore? You're not gonna have anybody to kick around. I know. Well, how about you? What about me? Yeah, how about we kick you around for a couple of minutes. Oh, come here. Yeah, I bet. No thanks, pal. Okay, good one. Let's go to North Miami. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. It's been June since I've called you. Really? This is the guy that used to sit in the lobby with Sandy. Larry. I'm a Whitman. Sit in the lobby with, oh my god, Larry from Oswego. Yeah, wow. Oh, that was pretty much Oswego. No? The one that I met you in the studio I sat in with. Oh, we're Larry. Yeah, we're Larry. Well, the one from the work release center. We're Larry. Yeah, used to sit in the lobby with Sandy while she was eating. Well, yeah, I'd call her and told her that Glenn got canned and she was very happy. Why was that? She didn't like Glenn too much. She didn't like anybody too much. I'm glad you said that and I didn't. He did alienate a lot of people in the building. I mean, there are a few who hate my guts on him used to that because no matter where you go, that'll be true. But he alienated a lot of people. I mean, just an amazing number. In fact, when the interns were here in the newsroom during the summer, he carried on. Every time we had food in here or whatever was he carried on to the point of really embarrassment to me. And like I said, I don't want to sit here and rip him for four hours or for the rest of all time. But just, you know, that those are some of the things that contribute to a negative atmosphere. And I just, I feel like I'm free, like I'm flown out of the cage. We know I met Sandy and February and we've been friends ever since. Yeah, very pleasant person. I'm her and I. Well, we, we have our disputes once in a while. Yeah. But when I first met her, she didn't care for you too much and I listened to you all the time. Yeah, and we gave her that food that one day and she changed her tune real fast. Yeah. She became a closet listener. I'll be damned. And me, her name went to Ohio, on vacation in July and when we came back, she was canned and a week later I was canned for my job. Yeah. And it's this week. We got you together with the first guy that called from North Florida today. No, I don't think so. That was great. I don't think so. Anyway, kind of like a little soap opera story. Yeah, but what me and her are very good friends. But I want to make any babies or anything constructive because after all, we need more and more babies to keep the population afloat. No, not at the moment, Neil. We are misunderstanding around here. Everybody in the building is shedding a tear just to die on her name. I doubt that. In fact, there are people in pailing themselves with sharp objects, even as you speak, Larry. Neil, yes, I want you to know. You are a, you know, before Gwen. Yes, I'm a, I'm a BG before Gwen. Uh-huh. Okay. I listened to you before Gwen and you were great. Yeah. And I was listening to you at the day in the clean. And I remember when you brought Gwen over, which I was really surprised that you brought Gwen with you dog. Well, I'll see that was a mistake. I got a confess because he was on the morning show. There was a great chemistry with Capriita and Glenn and my son. I went on a morning show. You need a team. I don't write up care who it is. I mean, Reneri is good as he is. He's still got all these. He's got Roger in here and he's got Sonny and Henry in the news. People in all, you know, all cast of thousands and sopher. And the morning show requires a team. But the rest of the day, you don't need somebody else to sit in the background and make, you know, go to the old sounds. When Glenn went on vacation a couple months ago, you made some good points I was listening. I don't have a call. That's probably when I really made up my mind. Right. I was going to go solo again. I had a real good time during that period of time. And I didn't have to apologize for anything I was talking about. And I didn't have to witness any emotional outburst because I brought something up about baseball or sports. You know, it's just, we just have very diametrically opposed interests. And if he gets his own show, he can, you know, talk about whatever he's interested. I remember when he was like, Linda, BBK, you know, I remember he had a show on Saturday morning and he would come in and stay with you for like 10 or 15 minutes in the year show, which was fine and bring you to Mayo and kind of drop in and play off of you. So at that time when by, he, I guess he found himself to be more a part like a team, which is not your, look at that, Wayne Arnold called in. He's not that I'm trying to, you know, divert from your brilliant conversation. 58 and a half pounds and seven weeks and he is bringing a little party celebration day. I lived right down the street from Wayne Arnold and Sandy and myself. Peter, all the time. Well, listen, in closing, Larry have a wonderful life. The call has been beyond description. I'm sure it has. Okay. A big kiss for me and Sandy of giant kiss for us. Okay. Everybody here in W.O.D. Really pines for those wonderful days. And I wish Glenn the best of luck. And tell her on a quits steal in our food. Okay. Okay. We'll go into best of luck. Okay. See you, Larry. Bye. Oh, God. 1031, a W.O.D. God, do I feel like we're having a little fun already? Isn't it? Now, I gotta ask you this because Marvin doesn't pay any attention anyway. But isn't there a different ambiance about things already? Or just my imagination. I guess with you, it doesn't make any difference because you're not paying any attention. But for me, there's your, and I don't want Glenn to take that negatively. It's not like it's not personal. I told him that yesterday, it's not personal because I like him. I consider him a friend and that's set of rinse so on. And there's Disney by the way, who came into a apologize to stand for those outrageous remarks, even if they are true. But anyway, it's, uh, what can I say? Life just goes on in the big city. And I hope Glenn does real well and all of that other stuff. But we all have to, he has his thing. And I have my thing. And believe me, it's not much. Okay. 1032, let's go to Coconut Creek, hello. Hi, Neil. My name's Pam. How you doing, Pam? I'm from Kaffee, Max. Yeah. Yeah, that was incredible. Oh, it was, uh, yeah. Yeah. I know you're thinking are you planning on going solo. But I wanted to apply for the position. There, Pam, let me put it to you this way. There isn't any position. In other words, I don't have any sidekick. Now, maybe you want to call stand because he's just a dime. No, no. How do you say, Pam, you're not going to be a part of the position. Yeah. I don't know. No, no. How do you say, Pam, you're not going to be a part of the position. No, no. No, no. Why do you say that? Why do you say, oh, don't start it on standing. Why do you? Well, you're right. I don't know. That's about so. I can't listen to it anymore. You'd be the only thing that's WID. Oh, gee, oh, no. Don't, see, don't put me in that position again. When you only think, Renery's on his way home, spitting at the radio for hearing you say that, you listen to Renery, don't you? Only for the traffic. Oh, well, there you go. And the traffic's wrong all the time anyway, so. Well, that's Joe Brennan. Yeah. A lot of medications. I've been clearing some lot, actually. Yeah, we're going to bring clearance back if we can find him. He was last seen over North Carolina. Well, you might want to bring me in just every now and then. No, Pam. No auditions. And Marvin's so cute. We are Marvin's real cute. We might bring some of the interns back to audition for sidekick. Unpaid, of course. Well, I don't tackle, but I like to eat. No, we don't need any sidekick. If you like to eat, now we can have people at wins before, before Glenn actually became part of the show. And then afterward at INZ, we used to have all kinds of people come in. We'd have the food would be in and then there'd be just a variety of different goofballs who would come in and eat and make some burping and belching sounds at a background. And that kind of did the trick. Yeah, that's a way you could idea. I could do that. Or we could play oldies and bring Mitch Weenon to read the record labels and give us all the numbers. And bring back some of those old jingles that really do it for us. Well, I don't know. So what do you think, Pam? You think we're going to make it? I think you will. You think I can make it to 11 o'clock, Pam? You have 25 minutes. Yeah. And every line is lit. Of course, this is what lasts forever. This is that little honeymoon period. Right. You know how these people are. Right. Okay, have a great day and I'll give your name to stand. Oh, no, don't. See a fan. Okay. Oh, poor stand boy. First of all, it's butchered in a paper by Disney. And now, Pam does this assault is unnecessary assault. John Bernetti wants to know if there's an opening. Leave him alone. By the way, why want to congratulate Hank again for that brilliant job. That he had that scoop. Of course, it turned out to be wrong. But that great scoop you heard first two nights ago on WIOD about a highly Ecclosing after today. At a boy, Hank, you're really on top of things. And Hank will be on to defend himself on sports talk tonight as a matter of fact. So, Colin and rip him a new ass. Okay, really let him have it. But now it looks pretty grim. I was thinking and I shouldn't get started on this again. But I was thinking wouldn't it be something if Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Enormous numbers of us showed up at Hylia. Of course, at that point, Bernetti wouldn't know what to do. You know, but I know it's probably not going to happen. But I was just thinking wouldn't it be greater if like five, six thousand people showed up on those three days. Because they are racing as far as I know. The horsemen are having a meeting right now. But I think they are going to race through Wednesday the 13th week from today. And then they got the meeting in Tallahassee. And at that point, they're planning on pulling the plug, which I can't play them. But wouldn't that be something if all of a sudden people realize that we haven't just been feeding them a line of BS that unless they show up and support the place. It's going to be history. And I know most of you don't give a crap, but just an idea. Anyway, I want to tell you about first one till 11 at WIOD. You know, I also think back to the remote that we did at Toyota of Hollywood. Sometime this summer. And the bird finally joined us because they paid them for that remote and he showed up. And we had that enormous. I think it's the last one we did over there. And Steve was there and the bird and I was there. And we had a tremendous turnout. They were standing online. Were you there, Mitch? That day? And we talked about this on here. He really shined. Most of the people who came by said there with Robin and who is the other one. The other a space cadet that came by, the other a silly young lady who came by and just monopolized all of his time and really shined a lot of people. And that kind of rubbed me the wrong way too. I don't think Len ever really appreciated the, you know, I kid a lot about the morons out there and a lot of Mar. But the audience, I mean, these people that are coming by that are making a special effort to go out of their way just to get one of those crappy pictures or shake your hand or say hi or rub you on the forehead, whatever it might be. And that was one of those ingredients too that I think, you know, I'm just trying to tell it like it is. That's all just like Hank does. It's a 20 to 11 in WIOD. We have an opening in Broward and one in Boka. Boy, look at this. 524 WIOD in Broward and 2 789463, 2 789 WIOD in Boka and Del Ray. Coral Gables. Hey, how are you? Great. Yeah. I just wanted to give you my comments. I, I guess, I'm kind of, almost indifferent but pretty much accepting the fact that you're letting Glenn Hill go and I can certainly understand it with all the conflicts that I've heard and kind of detract from the show when you have all the conflicts. You don't even mean? Yeah. But at the same time, over, when you first came to the station, I was a NIOD listener from way back. You first came to the station. I tuned in to you and got real interested in the show and have really grown to love it. And, you know, much better than the stuff that I used to listen to in IOD, which I also liked. And, you know, we're all happy with it all. And probably, and I really think that your show will probably be better without Glenn. But at the same time, I think I really loved to hear Glenn have his own show. Yeah. No, I agree with you. I think I think it'll be a real good show. I kind of enjoyed, well, your own vacation to show he was doing. And I think, you know, he was being creative and he was doing some things. And I think it was fun, you know, it doesn't match yourself. But, um... Well, no, but I know it shouldn't match my show. In other words, we don't. We've got enough imitation NIORODGERS already to go around and then some. Exactly. You know, everybody's got to do their own thing and develop their own style. And not try to, you know, drain off of whatever I've been doing here for the last few years. It just doesn't make any sense. It's embarrassing. Yeah. I kind of enjoyed what he was doing. It was kind of fun stuff. But I think he'll, I think he'll end something. And I think it'll be in the long run a lot better off for him. Yeah. I don't doubt it. One of the things you were mentioned, Hank Goldberg. Well, this is old stuff, but I'm kind of curious. Because I never really did hear what happened. But was it Hank and Steve who had that, who had that conflict about the dolphins and then He can do up saying or somebody ended up saying that Steve would be gone in six months? Yeah. But Hank blew it because he never put up the check. Steve gave Sharon, who was here at that time. He had a $1,000 check to hold. What a shame. Hank blew it. He never put up the check. And if he would have had an easy grand board, a bit of an easiest thousand he ever made in his life. Yeah, wouldn't it? Wouldn't it have been something? Yeah. All right. Well, thank you. Okay. Bye. Of course, not Hank's only mistake of the year. But nobody's perfect. Listen, I don't take it personally. Don't take it hard. But you are on occasion really full of crap. Okay. I mean, that thing about highly occosing today. And just breathless, breathless. Okay. I kept turning the station on and I listened to Chuck Meyer and all our news reports. And they had that press conference yesterday. And then I watched the local news last night. And it's still kind of hard to figure out what the hell's going on over there. But it's said, it really is said. And I know a lot of you don't care about horse racing. And I understand that. Okay. But it is something that I care about, just like I love baseball and other things. But the bottom line is it's an important part of the community. I mean, like it would be like if Belmont closed up in New York or like when Roosevelt raceway closed and it did about a year ago in New York after all those years of Great Racing. It's sad. It's tragic. And it's unfortunate. But of course a lot of it is the fault of those people in charge like Bruno D. And Kenny Noah, especially who I just can't say enough negative things about Kenny No at called a racetrack. And I will guarantee you this. I will never go back to colder. I mean, when Gulf Stream opens in January, I think it's on the 16th. I'll be tickled to death to go there. I love Gulf Stream. And the people there are super to me and the people in the media. They pulled off the breeders cup weekend. They did it brilliantly. Everybody agrees on it. But Kenny Noah and he needs me like he needs a hole in the head. That's not the point. But it just matters up principle. And I heard through the grapevine that out of spite, he's talking about taking some advertising dollars off this station and sticking them elsewhere now because we're not running the race Well, you know, it's called or closes in a month anyway. So it's not going to a bankrupt W. I. D. It's not going to make any difference to me. But the bottom line is what he has done. The intimidation and the muscleing that he's done in these last weeks are just embarrassing. It's outrageous. So you won't see me there anymore. Kenny and I know you'd need me like a hole in the head. And I feel bad because there are a lot of the jockeys. Mike and Zalas, a lot of those guys who listen to the show and they're great guys and tremendous talents and a pretty feral of clerka scales. And he's been great to us in our friend Phil, of course, who we hope is feeling great. But not for me. Never again. Okay, here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey, good afternoon. Good evening. It's kind of interesting. I've been listening to you for such a long time. You come like a full circle where you went to the morning show and back around again. And he you're in that same spot. Well, you know what they say? What goes around. Come around. Yeah, I'll tell you what. I have a real quick thing to ask you about the Camilla South. I plan on with a public tomorrow today. I've got a send of my check on it. But I happen to be in the coffee business. And I know in the cold weather that something like that is really so nice. And I happen to also have gotten a couple sample cases of suppliers. And it would be my pleasure to send them down to them. Special net through your station or direct down to them. Either one. Okay. Either one. But I know because I really know that it'd really be really. Yeah, you bet. And okay, just one of the glitchy. No really glad to hear you. And we're always there with you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I. Yeah, they always can use clothing and food stuff. And so on and little later I'll play that PSA that we've got. And it's got the phone number. I got to write that number down. If we get a four to pin in here. We can't afford. Well, we can't afford it. Marvin, it's a low budget show. And we're making some of these cutbacks because the company's only worth. What? $45 billion. And we just can't afford these things. Okay. We have an open line and a bower. Look at that. Thank you so much. Does it right though? That's the question. Look at that. It's got a little bit of ink left in there. And I'm going to write a line in date 751 WIOD. Let's go to Land Tana. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. The first time I'd heard of you. I was turned on you by a friend who knows that I'm a die hard cubs fan. Uh-huh. And the only time we've ever spoken was when you're at Murphy's Leach or Bar. And we talked for a couple of minutes about the cubs. And I used to really look forward to hearing what you had to say the first thing in the morning. You know, either following a law or a back to relocately. Yeah. And you had some pretty astute observations. And I have to confess though, it was somewhat disappointed when you, you know, didn't amplify on what it was that you felt even. Well, yeah, I didn't amplify it because as soon as I would start talking about it, I'd start getting these looks and he'd get right in the face and put the microphone lay it down on the table and make clunking sounds with it and put his head down. And I don't give a crap. I don't care if he's interested in the cubs or baseball or not. The fact is that most people are interested in in some sport, whether it's baseball or football or whatever it might be or horse racing or combination of all of them. And I'm not going to sit here and put up with little temper tantrums all. I mean, there is another baseball season. Thank God. And spring training is only really a couple of months away, you know, so I'm just not prepared to go through that again every day. Right. And then later, I came to find out that you were a horse racing fan as well. And that's another those are my two main passions of work. And I also, you know, again, happened in notice of a red event that while you did speak about it, I always got the feeling that you could have done a little bit more on there. Well, I think we've learned there and I did mention as while he was here, so I'm not talking to be on his back, but when we started picking horses on the air, then suddenly he became really enamored with horse racing and he would watch the show on sunshine at night and see the results and the how the horse that he picked it, it became kind of an ego trip. But up until that time, whenever I talked about horse racing, he and stand both on I and Z. He used to just attack me mercilessly. Oh, this is boring. And nobody wants to hear about it. And I heard stand do that a couple of days ago, and he was ripping me for talking about Ialia. Well, I happen to care about Ialia. I didn't use to when I admit to that. I used to be like everybody else and figure to hell with Brunetti and let him close down. But then when you go out there and see how beautiful it is and how much better it is to have horses racing on dirt and on a sandbox, then you get a feeling for it. While I really like golf stream, I fell in love with Ialia the first time I saw it. It's fabulous. It's fabulous. It's fabulous. I have yet to see Arlington, but we can afford to doing that too. I think that Glenn offers a lot, but I tune in for you. I think there is a wonderful time, a lot available. The Dickie Farkel stinks. Yeah. I've had. Well, I certainly wouldn't give you any argument on that. Yeah. I listened to him once and he moved to a raving lunature that had very little to say. So I was real surprised when I would be dead, higher him. Yeah. Well, that's my two cents worth. And I'm looking forward to the new 90s season with the cut. Real and me both believe me. I miss it every day. It's like somebody is taking a piece of my life away. And the only thing I'm upset about is that Dwayne Stance isn't going to be on a cut broadcast anymore. He went to the Yankees. I understand that. Well, we'll survive. We will. As long as we got Harry and Steve will survive. Okay. Have a good one. Okay. So 11 till 11 at WI do we have a celebrity caller, chronic. Oh, Neil, say it's not so. I have no life. This is the man they were thinking of when they came up with that line ladies and gentlemen. Star of state. We want to wish happy birthday to Tanner by the way. Yeah, this is birthday today. He's 19 today, America. He's nine again. America's second oldest teenager next to Stan Major. And me and you. Yeah. I'm not me. I'm an old fart. I'll believe you. Getting older every minute. No, two things. I want to say first of all. I'm done. Are they going to stuff the flamingo's and sell them are? Don't be cruel. Where your police as Elvis would say, don't be cruel. The flamingo's a bit there come hell or high water as long as somebody feeds them. The flamingos will stick around. But they just got them to breathe. I don't know. I mean, was it last year they just figured out some way? Well, leave it to you to be talking about that. You know, Mr. one track mine. I don't know what he did about bird breeding. Okay. Our expert on that is no longer here. The main reason I called was, you know, your audience seems to miss a point here that you and I after two or three years in this business, it's finally realized. It's only radio. You know, people that are in radio understand that the entire dichotomy of the business is first of all. You're going to get fired. You're going to get it. It's a constant, a people of employment. Yeah. You're going to be changing jobs. It's an awful business. You're going to be changing jobs. But let's raise them. There are very few people who are fortunate enough. I want to hasten to add this to get that kind of a cushy position and be paid that amount of money for, you know, two and a half three years period of time. So, well, some of some of us should be doing it. I've been doing it for five months. And I've been fired from some of the finest broadcasts. So what are these? I don't understand. No question about it. Well, listen, I hope you don't run into any of those desparados out there in the Everglades and keep yourself in one piece. I'm driving my best and I'm looking forward to the stuffing of the flamingos. Okay. Well, listen, I have stuff to ask. To tell you the truth, I hope the park doesn't close. It is probably the most beautiful racing. You know, I go to the track a lot. Do it. I've got a pony or two in my time. Uh-huh. And I hope it doesn't. I hope that, you know, I mean, it looks like it's inevitable. But I think it'd be a great loss to South Florida if we lose highly. Because it is known for a part of part of the sauna around the country is highly of arc. Yeah. Well, listen, you're a great philosopher and the god only knows where you'll wind up next. Have a great day. Oh, you're a show. See you. Bye. Don't hold your breath. God, Almighty, is he a pain in his ass? A 1052 at WIOD. Let's talk about 1055 at WIOD. Here's a mobile on the West Palm line. Hello. Hi, I don't know. Great. Uh, heard. He was pretty good. Yeah. Is there anything you had liberties to mention if there's anything in the wind or the WIOD for him? Well, I guess you just tuned in. I don't know. There's nothing in the wind. But I mean, he is a candidate for maybe something else here weekend or I don't know. Possible. I think he would be an upbeat. I'm very disappointed with your, your afternoon show there. Man, I think he's a town. He's always down if you can get it up. He'd be really good. But like you, you're an upbeat. Even though he's very a lot of things negative. It's an upbeat message. I'll be negative if you. Hey, no, no, I mean, it's a negative right there. But I think that he would do very well. I'm a stand-flot. I think he would be very well. Well, I think the business has made the stand a little bit psychotic and he's so insecure and now across after these things that didn't he said in the paper this morning. I mean, he's, if he, if he shows up alive this afternoon, it'll be one of the great miracles in the history of the business. So the business tends to get you down. And the fact that people don't call gets you down. But you, you're right. You have to be upbeat. I mean, I wish, plan a lot of luck and wherever he goes. I think you're a good part with you. But I'm sure better things are happening. I'm sure that. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. It's 1057 at WIDEN. I don't rip stand. I mean, geez, don't we have enough problems already? And it is true. He's a little on the grumpy side, but don't rip him. Oh, that tiny Timmy yesterday. Did that do it for me, man? Did that do it for me? I thought the plants you brothers was pretty outrageous. Okay. But tiny Tim. And, um, yeah, and we got sucked into that. There's no question about that. We love our friends up there. In Hemingways, we wish them all luck in the world. I know they're going to be a sponsor and they got great food. But tiny Tim. Oh, Jan, and of course, you know, just after three, it was like deathfalley days for a while there. And I just, the stand doesn't understand that. So you have to you drive everybody away and you wonder, when are they coming back? Maybe stand will come in early today. We can have a little, uh, boo, gee, that would be bad. That would be bad. Wouldn't that be a bad idea on the first day with brutalists? That might be a, but I was thinking we could have like a little seminar. Okay. And see if we can't come to a meeting of the minds. Let's go to Hollywood a mobile. Yeah, I ain't doing it. Okay. I want to clarify something about the race tracks. Who should we actually be blaming the other tracks? Or that stupid racing commission? Both. All of them. All I play on all of them. Because I still don't understand. How do we get the racing commission? How do we get them? I think they're appointed by the governor. By the governor? Nobody elect them. Because they are a bunch of jerks. Yes, they are. They don't know anything about the sport. They don't know anything about paramutuals. It happens all the time no matter who the governor is. They put some puts in there who knows nothing about the sport. And you know, that's that's what they give to the sport. Here the state is in partnership with the sport. Right. And gets a piece of the action. And so it's in their best interest to see it work out. And this whole idea of deregulation was so crazy. Everybody knew it was going to be an unmedicated disaster. Just to let anybody run any time they want it's crazy. And it's, and if they don't get control of it again and straighten it out. Horace seems going to be history in this state. And they say that they back the horsemen. They never backed them from day one. They sure don't. Never one. Okay. Well, let's go on. We'll all move to Georgia somewhere. Okay. At least they don't have any gambling up there because they're all righteous. Honorable people who drink a lot of beer and go to church on Sunday. Anyway, we have an open line in Broward now at 524 Wiod. 524 9463. Our poll is should we have stand come in a little early today or not. And right now, check myer is standing by. Check of course is going to correct all the misinformation that Hank gave you two days ago. And we'll come back with our number two at 1105. Stand today. We'll be discussing the tiny Tim Shoe at 2 this afternoon. We'll be discussing the number two at 1105. Video 610 Wiod presents Neil Rogers to get in touch and talk. Call 751 Wiod in day 524 Wiod in Broward or 655 in 278 Wiod in the fall beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or comers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 Wiod. Well, don't you love those long rejoins. I love them. Anyway, do you think this would be in portase? It would okay. Chuck said it would be in portase. And he also said that Hank's story the other night about highly was in portase. Okay, it's 1106 to Wiod. He well listen. We don't, boy, I feel like I've loosened up a little bit. You know, I've been so uptight for so long. And I don't know, I think that developed during baseball season. I'm not blaming that on Glenn, but it just developed that way. And it just got to the point that when I saw him, I thought a done Zimmer, you know, and it just got to me. Anyway, the Boka and Palm Beach line, I guess all the excitement, the initial excitement is wearing off. I see Palm Beach is ringing, but Boka just like this week has been pretty slim on a Boka line. 2789463, 278 Wiod, Stan of the Sanctuary, no guests today. And he was a good guy. And sports talk with Hank will try to defend that outrageous story that he had on the other night. I mean, he was close, but a week off. And then a little abbreviated version because we got UN basketball, the Hurricanes and Dayton at 730 from the arena with the sunny and Joe. And the Ted Coppel will be guessed on Larry King tonight. And Dion on Bob Costa's, for those of you who are in some of the extra stay up there, late, I can't do it anymore. But the Dion will be on cost as you might want to tape it. Okay, South Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was listening with this May yesterday, to all of the tours for your dog. Yeah. And I have a very simple solution for you, Neil. By the way, I want to thank the listener who came by my house last night at 6 o'clock to bring me some of that tar shampoo or whatever it is. Well, I'll tell you that that will have an unpleasant odor. And I can hear, I can hear your dog with just with the touch with the touch of my hand, Neil. Now, I, I, I, in the past have given up on you. Yeah, in the past, I'll help you out on you. But, but your dog, if your dog can take the Lord Jesus Christ into his heart. Yes, sir. And confess for his sins, like making deposits on your floor. When I see men going to stop burning his son. Go ahead. And possibly he might be able to make a deposit into our pot. Yeah. And well, in fact, I'll bring him over this afternoon after the show. And I guarantee he can make a real healthy deposit for you. Well, that's what we need. That's what we need. And I can't cure your dog. Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck to you, sir. We'll be seeing you. Okay. Thank you, Jim and Tammy Fay is just so great. It's called for given it 600 pages. It takes forever. But it's one of those you don't put down. It's tremendous. Just amazing. The stuff that they were pulling off almost is our Regis and we'll close here at IOD. Let's go to, oh, we got a cane spy report from New York. Is this from New York? Yes it is. How you doing? Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. Steve did his Dodge Bainful Banner show this morning. You know, he wants to replace the Dodge Banner with a turn that I can't recognize. But he had a lot of the flag waivers calling him this morning. To be quite honest, he sounds like a fish out of water, Neil. Really? He doesn't sound like the steam came that I knew when I drove home in the afternoon. Well, you got to understand. It takes time to re-acquimate. That's one of the reasons you know, Steve used to rip me for the fact that I've been in this market so many years. And I've had chances to go to New York and to Philadelphia and to Boston and to Chicago recently. When you go someplace else, I don't care how long you've been on the air. It's like starting all over again. You've got a totally new audience. Nobody knows who they had you are. And I mean, if you go somewhere else in the same market, then it's a different story. But if you change markets and you go a thousand miles away or two thousand miles away, you've got to start from scratch and believe me, it takes months before you get the field of the audience. And they start, you know, getting a feel for what you do and who you are. And it's, you've got to start all over. I wish him well because I don't want to move him back into the house, you know. I tried to call him a couple times. They've got, they've got quite a spinning process up here. It's even too much different. The quality of the calls are, are, is quite unbelievable. Yeah, plastic, probably. Do all the calls sound like professional callers? They really do. Yeah, I think they do. That's how it is in Tampa. Air Recallers sounds like another top show host like a rock and roll taco. Hey, how you doing? Great call there by Joe. And geez, it nauseating. I'd rather hear even the pinheads. I'd rather hear from a bunch of morons because that's what's really out there. Okay. I have a bunch of intellectuals running around in this town. We got a bunch of jackass. I'm one of them. Well, you're a little bit too old. When you're big at stand. Okay. What are you doing up there? I'm freezing. Okay. Keep it up. I'm the way back. Okay. 11 after 11 at WIOD. Look at that. A little Steve Kane's Spire Report from New York. Okay. I think you're open. So I think things are settling down a little bit. I got to be real honest with you that this is not what I expected today. I mean, we got a long way to go. But this is not at all what I expected today. I expected 500 calls like that bitch that called. I mean, what's the real reason that was he at threat? I expected at least 500 of her, okay. But, um, and maybe it'll happen. You never know Toyota of Hollywood. I didn't even have to tune in. I had to show yesterday. Same old, don't you? And the same old talking. Someone give us a break. Okay. 1115 at WIOD. Rines are lit up like a Hanukkah book in Pore. Wouldn't it be great if they had a giant Hanukkah book in Poreign? Where does US-1 divides down there? There could be a J.A. Normus Hanukkah book for all the Edlock in Poreign and Homster. Okay. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. What a coincidence. There's one of those who got snubbed at your last appearance. Toyota Hollywood. I don't blame you a bit. I think this was long and coming. Well, it was long and coming. And there was nothing that happened recently to inspire it. But it just had to happen. You know, by comparison, I went to see you and Steve twice once it had Dutch and in the second time at Toyota. And if Steve came, can manage to act like a human being out in public. I don't see why it was so hard for Glenn. Yeah. Well, I was so kind of embarrassed. And I just, there are certain things you say to people. And there are some people who absorb it and they understand it. And there are other people who are like a piece of coral. You know, they'd really don't absorb anything. My theory about what happened is that, you know, going didn't have that top spot all the time. I mean, he was really struggling in the industry. And you elevated him to a position. I don't think he was really ready for him in terms of his behavior. And, you know, he came across as an amateur. When I sum up at Toyota Hollywood, by the way, that was the Dark Lady. Oh, yeah, the Dark Lady in Robin. And that was an embarrassing performance. Yeah. And the thing of it is that after one of these things would happen, he would always deny it. Oh, that didn't happen. I didn't do that. And I don't know. It's just he really, he has his own priorities and his own agenda and his own idea of what he enjoys and what's amusing and what's funny and what Johnny Dark, who might find to be a really objectionable pain in he has free loading guy. And that would be fine for his show. I really do believe that if he had his own stick and his own show, I think he could do very well on this station or another one. But not I just can't sit here and try to pacify all of his whims because that's not what I do. Yeah. Well, look at this quote in the newspaper. The biggest shock of my life. I could see this coming. Yeah. I'm shocked that he said that. He said that to me last night at the phone several times. And I didn't say anything to that. But I was shocked that he was shocked because certainly there have been enough episodes over the last few months that he should have seen it coming. Yeah. And you've given him more than enough chance. You know, you said it before. I don't think you mentioned it today, but you had enough off the air talks with him that to readjust his behavior. And I never seen anything change. Well, the bottom line is you hate his guts and your glad he's gone. I mean, let's not be around. Thank you. Well, see, I don't want to do that because I don't. I don't dislike him at all. I like him personally. But professionally, I just feel that he's got to do his own thing. Only all I've been listening to you since I was a week. And I, and quite frankly, seeing the response and hearing the response. So far, I don't, you know, I'm really amazed. I don't think that there are that many people out there who are going to go to 100 Biscay and tower and jump off the top floor. I just don't think that's going to happen. Absolutely. As a matter of fact, that's our today was going to be crank day for four hours. But it hasn't been up until up until this call. No, Neil. Neil, a big fan of the listening to you since you're. He's day. Just a joke. Okay. Michael's would say. Okay. And well, you're going to do it great. And keep it up. Okay. We probably have enough material to get till noon. Okay. Okay. See you. 11. I'd say the Wiodine and we have an open light at Brown. Maybe the Dean could come on and be the sidekick. Of course, when I am on the air, no one else needs to be on the air. Yeah. Whatever happened to the Dean is he on to anybody. No, is he on PBR? Now, there's another interesting sidebar to this too. And that's a fat rich. I know Johnny Dark will not be coming by anymore. Oh, thank the Lord. But how about that rich? Now, fat rich, of course. If there's food in here, I guess he'll probably come by, right? He came by on Monday and plus he's involved in the Camille sounds thing. He's made a commitment to put all the names on a computer and all the donations. And so on, which reminds me by the way, is anybody bringing any mail in any more? Yesterday and today so far. Nothing. And I know there's plenty of mail out there. And I sure wish I knew what the hell they were doing with it. I guarantee you, we got a crap load of mail. If you pardon that expression, and I think they must be eating it or something upfront. Because I like to keep this Camille sounds thing current. And through yesterday we had allegedly 2,400 bucks, but I know we got a lot more than that. If we could ever get the rest of the mail open and get it in here. And a few people will get off your ass and get those checks in the mail. Okay, do it today. And I'm going to keep bugging you about it right through the end of the year. Okay? But especially before Christmas, we want to get all that cash in. So we can turn it over to the Camille sounds and they can use it to help the people who need it at the holiday time. Miami Lakes. Yes, good morning. Yes sir. I wonder if you could clarify something for me. I'm not a big track fan. I go there occasionally. It's too such a nice place to go and not a big bed or a bit. I've, you know, bought a few seats or so. Are you talking or are they talking about closing the doors? We talking permanently. Or is this possible possibly possibly? It all depends on what happens at the meeting next Wednesday and tell a hassle. It depends on what the legislature allows him to do. If they allow him to bow out of this meeting and continue to keep his racing permit, then, you know, any one of a number of things might happen. The state may start to regulate it again in ND regulation, in which case they would assign the dates. And he might decide to run that 40 days serotonous type meeting, which has been suggested. Or a number of other things could happen. It all depends on what they decide next Wednesday. They don't rotate the dates anymore like they used to. No, I'll see what happened this year. The craziest thing ever they decided to state just through their hands up in a year. And they said, okay, total deregulation, you run whenever you want to run. And they were just getting out of it, which was the dumbest thing anybody could ever do. And then now it's just about causing the demise of Hylia. So if they see the light up there, they'll realize that that's never going to work. And I've got to go back to regulation and setting the date. Today it would just be a shame it would be a crime. You have the time is the word. You have had it's just fabulous. You know what it is to try and get into a park around here somewhere on a weekend. Or just to go sit in a chair or whatever you might want to do. Yeah. And there isn't one in any county that I can think of. It can even match the beauty of that place. I agree. And what would you pay to get in there? Two bucks to walk in the door? How do you get in most of these people can get in free? Because you've got to be something done about this. I'm with you. Okay. Well, cross your fingers. I'll try. Okay. Thank you. So yeah. Hank will keep us posted. Twenty-two after eleven. I will say this. We do have some people in the building with selfish motives who are glad that we have an empty chair over there so that they can suck up more free food. But that's okay. We understand. It's good today too. I mean, it's always good, but it's great. Also, the good news is that they've been hoarding the mail. And there is some Camelos house mail all of that. Yeah, here is a bunch. Good. Great. Uh-huh. Okay. Because I was getting a little bit nervous about what was going on with this stuff. But that's here. And this is even without today's mail. But, you know, it's a trickle. It's a start. So probably we got about $3,000 or maybe a little more than that once they tell you all of this in as well. And I'm sure that fat rich will be here tomorrow, right? In spite of all the goings on here, I'm sure he'll show up and continue to handle that thing and handle the food that comes in. Okay. Eleven twenty-six a WI-O-D. We have a call from Hialia. How you doing Neil? Great. Good. Let's be an omen or something. Seems every time I call, Wayne Arnold just comes in with a bunch of Neil. That's it. Here's your voice and that does it. Well, we get half a dozen. At least once a week from there, they're great. They are great. Yeah. About the bird. I used to listen to him when he was on 94 and he was doing the, I guess he was doing the night time or something. And he was great. That's it. I used to listen to him all the time. It was perfect for him. He just didn't do well in your show for some reason. I don't know what it was. I mean, when you guys would play off each other, it'd be great. But then he'd start bitchening and complain. I mean, it'd be bad. He'd have to almost turn the radio off. Yeah. I don't like to apologize for the things that I want to talk about. And, you know, as far as the audience is concerned, if they're not interested, they can shut it off. Yeah. But to be sitting in here and after fight with somebody about what I'm going to talk about. And yeah, then he would go a couple of days and it would settle down again. And then we'd be right back where we started again. And we're like a constant recurring, like a, like a bad yeast infection. That wouldn't go away. There'd be one. Like a little Jewish line. There'd be one subject that he didn't want to listen to or talk about. Well, the two real one, baseball and upstate in New York were the two. I mean, there were others, but those two in particular were just like the kiss of death. Let's roll with upstate New York. Well, I don't know. I guess it's just not as important as Lakeland. What are you looking for, Nick? There's a whole bunch of you in here. We've got all kinds of stuff. Don't panic. Yeah. Well, I like them. Like I say, I'm not really sorry to see them off your show. I do like. So, in other words, you think the popular consensus is that the world will not come to an end? Not today. I'll not tomorrow either. But maybe on Friday. Maybe on Friday. Well, where you get their paycheck and spend it on. There you go. Okay. Thanks a lot. One more thing. Yes, sir. I have an office right here across the highly erased tracks. Mm-hmm. When we go there once in a while, usually on Saturday. And I like it. It's a beautiful place. And I don't know if this is another bad home. But I see about 45 or 50 large wing black birds hovering over the thermals. Yeah, I think that means something. I don't know. It must mean something. Okay. See you later. Bye. Bye. 28 after 11 at WOD. They are racing today at Highly, by the way. I think yesterday they hit the all-time low. $94,000 handle. I mean, we could take up that much in an office pool in this building. Especially if Hank came in. But I think a lot of people, you know, were concerned and didn't know whether they were even going to be open or not. They are racing today. Now, because tomorrow, which is their regular schedule, and then they'll race Friday Saturday, Sunday and Monday Tuesday and Wednesday. From next week. And then that'll probably be up because they're having the meeting next Wednesday. But in the meantime, like I said at the beginning of the show, it would be just amazing. If people finally are awakened by this almond of what's going on here these last two days. And the weekend, especially Saturday, Sunday and then Monday, when they run on a post, if they just, if we really showed them something and had some big turn outs out there, I don't know what it would do, but at least maybe it might keep it open eventually, so that they come back and resume the meeting somewhere along the line as opposed to just closing down permanently, which everybody agrees it would be a disaster. I mean, if you don't go out there and then they close it down and you say, boy, and that said, don't blame everybody else, blame yourself for not going out there, and at least give it a mishat of making a comeback, okay? Because you know this tremendous influence that I have. In fact, Wayne Arnold was just in with the food, and I asked him, did you get a lot of response to our plea for a cook? And he said, not yet. So I'm disappointed about that. Let me just mention that again in a non-commercial way, Wayne Arnold, that Arnold's role, cancelled desperately because they're doing so much business, needs to hire another cook. So stopping there, see Wayne or Bernadette, and fill out an application at Arnold's role, casually, especially needs somebody who's fast in the morning. It says, so if you're fast in the morning, there's just something lacking there, isn't it? If you're fast in the morning, that's terrible. That's important taste. Okay, 1130, Wiod, D. Pembroke Pines. Yes, sir. Neil Rogers speaking. Neil, yeah, a couple of things real quick. What paper is that thing on the Bernadette? Someone wrote it on a quantum? That's in the Harold, and there's a little piece in the Sun Sentinel. Okay, now something about Highly, I'm not a big race fan, but yesterday something really hit me. I was watching a rerun of the 80 Griffith Show. Uh-huh. And they were having a bookmaker over in Floyd's barber shop. And when they finally bust the case, they said that Highly, it must have had a really good day. And this is like from the early 60s. Yeah, that's the last time they did have a really good day. Well, it's really kind of hit me at that point right there in how old it is and everything like that. 65 years. It's all right. How good day? You too, by far. Really, what has happened to all the themes here? If any idea, Roger puts these in order, and I can't find a damn thing. Oh, God, and I got to stand up to get it. One moment, please. It has no impact now after the call is over. I have to confess to you by the way. I hate handing Griffith. He makes me physically ill. He makes me nauseous. He makes me almost as sick as Bob Denver. It's 1132 at WIOD. Let's go to, um, didn't we just do pepper pines? You're my dreaming. We did okay. Popping, oh. Hey, how's it going? Okay. I got rid of the bird, huh? It is a blown the coop. Wow. I don't know. I think it'll be good. It's going to be hard to get used to. Yeah. It did give a little bit of balance, yeah. Some of us don't like to hear about some of the things. Talk about something. Yeah. Well, you know what? You don't care. Yeah. Good thinking. I knew that before I even made this call. Oh, that's okay. I don't care. I mean, if you don't like, I'll tell you how I do on my radio. If I'm listening to something, and they start talking about things I don't care about. Turn the dial. Or if the Clancy Brothers come out, I turn the dial. That's it. Or I pop or I pop a CD in the thing, you know? Why don't you put bird on with Stan? Well, we'll discuss it. Just bring it up to Stan. See what he says. Hmm. I'll see how long you're on the year. It'll save, um, like it'll save Stan's problem. Yeah. Maybe it puts a little action in his show. Maybe. Well, do you think Stan is going to problem? Now, see, I shouldn't have answered that because now I'm inviting. I know you're going to rip him. I know it. What are you? I listen to him, but it's not quite as exciting as it could be at that. Has it used to be? Something missing. I don't know what it is. I don't know. Calls. Well, the calls do come in. He claims them all on you. The bad calls. He says it's your left over from your show. Yeah. Well, thanks a lot, Stan. No, I tell you. He, uh, see, the problem is his followers there. That group has got the Junior ZJ and DJ. They don't know how to find a happy medium. See, they've abandoned him totally, which is wrong. Nobody in any blames that on me, too, that I've scared them off. Well, they can come in once in a while. Have a good time and help him along. He had a little fun and different, uh, you know, a little variety of the show. But the problem is it's either feast or famine with some of these people. They have to either come in and take over the whole show or they shine you all together. And that's wrong. Well, it's funny. It's like I listen to him and it's like I hear him out there, you know, begging for calls. And it's like the people who do call. You know, a lot of people just call to rip him and it's like, and they, like, I don't know. I just don't think they're on. I have some of those people are listening every day. A lot of people are listening. I think, you know, I listen, but like I said, it's sometimes it gets pretty ponderous, you know, I'm like, ready to go, you know, fall asleep. You know, it's like, but it's okay, but it's not that great. You sure have a great way of expressing it. I'll tell you it's really something. It's about the way he expresses it when he's on the air, you know. It's like, well, my show is okay. Well, you got to understand he's been sleeping for a year and a half. And the, you're in a, a guarantee a rip fan wankled and wake up overnight. Walking the dogs for a year and a half. Well, well, in his sleep, sleepwalking the dog. You have a much chance now. I'm out of material. Because you know what'll happen, then if that doesn't work out, then I'll get play, I get playing for everything. Well, I think it'll be good the bird has his own thing somewhere. You know, something about how he's got to fight his own thing. I think so I was a bird standing out, but I'll listen to you anyways. Well, in spite of it, okay, have a great day. Bye. I sure like the enthusiastic way that the guy presented it. I can't find that cart. Oh, here it is. Well, look at this. The food is so good today. The Nick is coming back for more, but he's not getting that. Just in case. Here's a BLT. No. Okay. What Marvin? Oh, Marvin would like a little something. Okay. I mean, don't let him stay in there starving to death. Although he deserves it. We have an open line in date, 751 wiodine. And we have one in Boka and Del Rey at 2789463. 278 wiod. Don't forget, stand the man, stand major to the staff to know. We'll be here to alibi for that tiny Tim show. Yesterday, okay. Tip two through the tool. I could do that too. I'll be honest with you. I could do that no problem. Just give myself a little ukulele and amazing thing is the guy is still making money. All he says he cares about is waking up every day is happy. When he wakes up and there's another one at all. A kiss to ground man. There's a guy with talent that's still undiscovered. 24 till noon at wiod will be right back. For the last year, flaglar bion. Stand major. Now a news taught radio 610 wiod. If you missed the last show, you missed this. Well then what the hell is your problem? Pain is in New York, fella. What he would do is show. I don't want pain back. I just told you this. But what then who do you want? I do do you want? You want Alan Furck? It's 1139. 21 till noon at wiod. The more to come a little later. O stand will come in at one if I want. And PBR. Drops. It's pants. Drops the format. Are you serious? For VcG type crap. In other words, they're selling Ukrainian melodies. I don't believe it. One of America's great talk stations. Ladies and gentlemen, WPBR bites the dust. Oh my god. Look at this. I'm never going to find the appropriate thing that I need in here. Roger, I'm going to tell you. You got more cards than Carter's got pills. This is incredible. Not never find it. I was going to play the death march for PBR. And the worst part of it is that our friend old What's his name? Jim from Hot 105. What the hell is his name? Jim. The guy who did all this stuff for us for crying out loud. Who does Lee Fowler Jr. Jim? What's his name? With an S. So not G Michael McCay. Oh, please Jim Skyler. God almighty. Marvin, you're a real radio maven. The radio Marvin. It's 19 till noon at Wiod. Isn't that something? Stand is coming in a war clock. God, that's going to kill the show. Now just a joke, Stan. I see he is so sensitive. He'll take that personally. He's got a lighten up man. He has reached a point of paranoia that is so great that every every minute he's looking around like who's following me. It's a setup. It's a setup. He got his paycheck because they opened it up and said it was a setup. So he'll come in and we'll just see if we can't bring him into reality or something. You know, there's still some hope there. Not a lot, but there's still some hope. Okay, there's a mobile on the Bokeil line from Fort Latterdale. And are they there? Of course not. I know Nick. There's nothing wrong with that line. It's just my imagination. Okay, let's go to Ohio, Leah. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, do you talk about Ohio, Leah? I haven't been to Hamilton. What about Flagler? I didn't see him. He didn't see Flagler, though. How much did they do? 202 of the day. In order to use the handlers. Then, 7800,000. Yeah. Oh, well, listen. That's what's happened between the Lottery. Yeah. Let me give you a little example. They have this new racing commission named Jones. Right? And he drinks a lot of cool. Okay. They have kennels. And a long red row, right? And for 40 years, they've been given pills for females, right? He comes in and is going to take guys racing commission license. They have these pills in their kennel. And find them, stupid stuff like that. And they know nothing about the racing commission. They got a guy that's correct. They got a guy that's right in the new rule book for Greyhound racing. And he was in the arm race for 30 years. Which is our eyes, you know. But now he's right in the new rules on racing commission for the Greyhound. And I can't believe he knows nothing about dogs. And the racing commission is creating their own problem in high, Leah. The golf screen. It's being beat, dog, track, all of those trekking scientists. Yeah. They're doing it. And this is a lot of re-earned them. That's the big, the Lottery. Well, it's not a big crock. It's true. Lottery is devastating. Well, I'd say it is. They didn't have this bill go through passing for the state to give the dog people a raise, right? This game can't be clubless for it. And they was the run to originator. Now when it comes out to give the extra percent of the dog, and the track didn't want it. They're going to say it's beat. So the simple fact is they wouldn't want to give it money, huh? Yeah. You know, you get more money for winning a great sea race. And trust in what Virginia were the only handle 90,000 in May, then you do a flat boat track today. I believe it. And you get the best boat in the country run it out here. Yeah. Poor guys of high, later. Well, let's all pick up and move to Georgia, sir. So I can say, oh, WPDR, bites to the dust. I don't want to keep going back and regressing, but boy, that's incredible. They were really doing it too. They were up to what about a point three in the last trend. They are really smoking. And they've given that up. Look at what Howard Primer did over at KAT. He dropped everything and he put all that, he just sold all those, what do they call that brokering time, which is like, it should be criminal to do that. Okay, with the radio station to just have the license and sell chunks of time to people to put any crap on here that they want, no matter how, there might only be like six people listening at a given time, and they're making a fortune doing that. And then they just bought radio, Swave, which I don't understand how they can own two AMs in the same market. But it's a strange business, you know, I've lost track. I can't keep up with it anymore. Anyway, we have it opening in date County at the 751 Wild West Palm Beach. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. I feel like it's in the odd of the time, but I moved to San Francisco about six months ago. No. Yeah, Neil. It's great. I love it out there. I return last week, you know, I'm on business, I listen to the shot Wednesday and Thursday, and you're on vocation. Yeah. And the bird had Joey and Johnny dark there. Yeah. Dangerous, you know, I think it's foreshadowed. What was going to happen to have that? I thought Joey is, you know, I know he was going to have Joey on. And when I go on vacation, I understand that it's not easy to do the show alone for him. And, you know, Joey comes in and makes a lot of noise and cackles in his own way. And he says a lot of stupid stuff. But Johnny dark is just another one of those irritants. It's kind of like I inherited him with the territory, you know, and I just think it's on my nerves. He really does. Well, I want to say that it's kind of like a balance. It's like a tradeoff, whether it's more valuable to have those cousin Brucey things that he does or to get him out of the studio, you know. Well, I came back this week, you know, and then this, and I don't want to get two burn intensive because I really wanted to talk about the horses. You know, that the bird needs to get his own act. You know, you're the, you're the shell. And, you know, that's what people are listening to. Well, I think he lost track of that somewhere along the line. I think he did. For example, he used to make the comment that he used to bother me. Not not that I have an ego problem because I don't. But he would say, you know, when Neil is away, the ratings are the same. And there's no way that's true number one. And number two, you know, every time I do come back, it takes about two or three weeks to get the audience back, no matter who fills in. And that is, I'm not saying that from an ego standpoint, but the fact is, it just isn't the same. Yeah, but when you go on vacation, I mean, people still listen because it's the Neil Roger show. I mean, I turn it off a lot of times because I don't my interest or more with you. And he, you know, he talks about all these and, you know, movies and all that other stuff. And I'm not, you know. Which, like I said, would be great for him to have his own show because there are a lot of people who are into the things he talks about. But the problem is most of those things are things that I'm not interested in. Yeah, well, I also think that, you know, when you guys were in the morning, it was a little different. And it had a little entertainment. Well, question to know is, I think it's a different. But I really wanted to, what I called about is, is I'm in the California legislature now. You're in the California legislature. I work for somebody who's a legislator. And I put the blame in, you know, and that one of the reasons that I changed my job is that this is stupidest, the worst legislature, the worst governor, the worst leaders in floor, our influence. Yeah, and so that's not to see this coming. And how are we to me is a historical place? And to say that, you know, we're going to have free competition. I mean, I could have told you right a year ago once they did it to High Lea was going to be the big loser. Because there was a perception, and I also want to tell you that I don't think it's true. Or I have a perception about how difficult it is to get this. It's not. It is not. Now that I said, I'm five has finished. It's not hard to get there, no matter where you're coming from. But people are creatures of habit. And you know, Brunetti, he's got a lot to take a lot of the blame himself because he's had it for 13 years and he's been driving into the ground steadily. He won't listen to anybody. And it's been dying for years. Now, this isn't something that just happened because of deregulation. Last spring when they ran on a pose, they were doing about 4,000 people a day in the last month or two. And they were running maybe $400,000 a handle. Let's know kind of a money for a place like High Lea. No, I think the my vision is that basically I should even be protected that High Lea is even more important than Brunetti. Yeah, you're damn right at it. And that he's not even, you know, that's not in spite of himself that they need to watch out for even him too, or I'm going into the ground because if we lose it, I don't know how many people that are even been there. But to sit there with it, in that setting with the birds and stuff, I like golf stream. I even like called or, you know, I've got more used to called it now. But there's no place like High Lea in terms of the setting. And it's a very also very difficult industry to regulate because you have people from different states, bringing their horses in. So the legislature that think that it cannot be regulated, everybody's going to take care of their stuff. There's just another example of like everything it seems to be in the state lately. It's just, you know, it's too politically difficult. We don't want to handle it so it's our hands up and then it just goes to the house. Yeah, well, they do that with everything. They do do that with everything. It just, it just like when the grandma was in office and the auto inspection system was wasn't working. We had long lines of people are gripping about it. So instead of fixing it, it's okay. We'll just get rid of it and they threw out auto inspection. And now you've got every, every person that got off a rubber raft is driving some beat up old clunker with four ball tires and no brakes and no headlights. And they're running around out there in a highway because we don't have it auto inspection system. Yeah, I mean, it's, it's like if they can't make it work instead of like thanking me. Okay, the idea is good. We just have to refine the way we're doing it. They just, they just throw it out. It's, it's sort of like, it's a dumb look. It's a dumb look. It's a dumb look. This state is 50 years behind time. If they had OTB and InterTrack Wagering right now, Brunetti wouldn't be closing highly next week. And there wouldn't be any emergency meeting in Tallahassee and life would go on. They would be doing just fine. They could get together. They've talked about getting together with the dog people and opening up the dog tracks in Palm Beach and Fort Pierce and all over the state and let them bet on the, on the Therabred races and do the InterTrack Wagering just like they do in other states where they have OTB and InterTrack. And if they would have had InterTrack Wagering when they had the breeders cup, can you imagine the money they would have taken in a colder and at highly abetting on the same races. But it's a stupid state. They keep dragging their feet and dragging their feet. And I could get on the year and scream in the L about it like I used to. But I'm not going to do it because it's never going to change. It's a Yahoo state. It's a deep stuff. Yahoo state. It really really is. I'll just leave you with this because I think first of all, Most states do have, you know, teletracks and in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, I don't know. I mean, I don't know. And the second thing is they were really, you know, the casino thing, which I think is also stupid, not allowed to see, you know, is that they bitched and moored about how, how crime and how, closely that would need to be regulated and everything like that. And then they go and they turn their back on another paramutable sport. It just doesn't make sense at all. And I would, you know, I don't move here anymore. But, you know, I lived here for four years. And I would just hate to see highly, it closed it really. The person I hit, they kicked all the kids out of for a lot of dayl and destroyed, spring break. They were in the, and nobody bitched about that because this is basically a place for old far, to where over the age of a hundred. And they're delighted to see every young person kicked out of this town and anything that has to do with, with fun and excitement closed down. So it's never going to change. As long as the structure of this area and most of the state is a hundred year old plus mentality, it's never going to change. Yeah, or an, well, listen to your show and even if people bitch in moored about even if the bird bitch is in moored about, I like them. I mean, I still couldn't understand why they're like baseball, but that's the zone saying, but you're the show and, you know, you got to do what you got to do. Okay. All right. Thanks to take care. 1151 and WIOG. 1154. WIOG. That's right. Spencer is not here today and I wonder if that's an oldman. What does that mean? Because there are a lot of us who depend on Spencer do what do our cars every Wednesday. And he was conspicuous by his absence today. I wonder what that's all about. Here's a mobile in West Palm. I think on the Bocaline and there's nobody there of course. Okay. A mobile in Halendale. Okay. Spencer's off buffing the birds head. I think. Could be. Hey, what's going to happen with the, with Hayalia? What's going to happen with it? Yes. He's trying to position it. The slows next Wednesday. That's all I can tell you. Get a know anything beyond that. Well, nobody knows anything beyond that until they have the meeting next week. Why mean what do you think? I don't have any. I don't have a crystal ball. I don't know. I think it could be a history. Yeah. I tried to talk about a little with the gacky on the. I'll be. Yes. What a pompous ass. That guy is. What do you mean you tried to talk about? He didn't want to discuss it. Oh, why don't think he's very knowledgeable. No, he doesn't know anything about it. He's our executive president of sports. And it's embarrassing. It's a, it's a disgrace. This is, this is the biggest sports story of the year in this community. I don't give it damn. What it is. I don't care about hurricanes, dolphins. Whatever it might be. I don't care about the big sports story of the year. In fact, it even makes it into the regular news. Sure. And he don't our sports department basically wants to ignore it because they don't know anything about it. Other than Hank, they know from nothing about horses, about the race track, about perimutuals. And I think it's really embarrassing. How long has that track been open now? 65 years. Yeah. So what's his title executive executive executive? Executive douchebag. Yeah. Well, he should be here in the other guy was at Rollins or whatever. And there else you can even begin to criticize the dolphins because he jumps all over you. Yeah. There's such as ass kissers. Well, they're both punches. Dush bags. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Ask Kisser douchebag. Are there any other ones you want to get out? That's what I like is a really good meaty intellectual call. You can sink your teeth and do. 1157. We have an open line in day 751 WIOD. One in Broward and one in Boca. This is our low point of the day that last call could have done it on the phone. This is our lowest point. And we're ebbing now as we get to that big noon hour, right? I think they're, they've heard that stand might come in at one o'clock. They might have something to do with it. Okay. 751 WIOD and date and 524 WIOD and Broward. We're going to investigate. See what happened with Spencer. We got a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a quick comment on your being burnt. But when I first heard this morning, you know, you kind of get upset, not knowing what's going on. But just a comment would be the enthusiasm and your voice is back. It seems like you've lost a tumor or something. Yeah, it makes you feel better. Yeah, I feel like I lost a giant bowling ball on my back. And I don't want him to take that personally. Although I know he will. No, I always just, he became a downer to me after. Exactly. Well, all through the summer and all through this, uh, uh, breathing and hamming and a hoeing. And I just don't need that. Okay. I think I did a lot of form. And I think I gave him an opportunity to establish a name for himself and be recognized in the business. And now he's got to go and do his own thing. I feel agree. I like to hear a good time and talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about. Exactly. And if you're a little saddled with Johnny Dark and my reading Richard and a whole bunch of ghosts from the past. I just want to be here and have a good time. I get paid a lot of money. Well, first time in a while seems like you're enjoying yourself. Yeah. I mean, it's coming across on the radio. So keep it up and, uh, congratulations. I guess. Okay. A great life, sir. Okay. Boca and the, and in a sense of calling out a vocal line. Because even if you're a legitimate collar and Marvin puts you on hold, you'll, the line will disconnect anyway. I know that Southern Bill doesn't want to believe that. And others in the building, I don't want to mention next name because he's standing in a control room. But there are those people who don't believe that there's a problem on that vocal line. Trust me. There is a problem on the vocal line. Also, a full Collins has done this record another day in Paradise about the homeless. And stations all over the country are playing it in, um, bringing attention to the play of the homeless and raising money, etc. And I hope you'll get those checks in the mail this week. Please, get those checks in the mail for from the House, Caramel Rogers, Wild, Miami, 33141, and for every, uh, contribution of 20 bucks or more, we sent out that cute cassette with all that crap. She called out to us. I never heard that before in my life, but it seemed like that's where it would be. Okay, Deborah Martinez is standing by ladies and gentlemen with some more news that we made up in our Wild newsroom. We'll come back with our number two, a 12, 5, and stick around now. Stand may be a button in here at any moment. Music The radio's 610 Wild presents Neo Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 Wild in day. 524 Wild in Broward, or 655 and 278 Wild in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. And now, here's Neo Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 Wild. Alright, we got everything covered now. Everything's on a control. We just got tomorrow's promo sheet for Thursday, December 4th. Thursday, December 4th. Okay. Now it's interesting because today is the sixth. But Nick has his own special way of doing these things. Just incredible, just unbelievable. And the shocking news on this particular sheet is Dickie Farkel is going to be doing Saturday from 2 till 6. So if Glenn is listening, right there is a real immediate possibility. Alright, we have Boca and Poppy Chopin. And we're starting. I'm just getting the feeling that the bloom is off the rose already. We aren't even through wonderful solo show. And the bloom is a little bit off the rose. Boca 278 Wild and Poppy 655 9463 655 Wild. Oh, event types these up. That's what happens when you hang around. Boy Gary and his evil twin too long of it is start having serious problems. I know it's all here she comes racing in here. What? It's your fault. Okay, well, don't ever do it again. Okay, just stay away from evil twin in there. Okay, let's get back to these calls because they've really been something federal law prohibits us from saying what on the air? Let's go to South Boca. What the hell is that? Hello. Hello. Are you in South Boca? Yeah, well, I'm basically Parkway and I can say I'm on the borderline. Yeah, you sound like you're on a borderline. Let me ask you a question, Neil. When you were back on the faded days and yet Caprieta and the bird. Yeah. Did they get along pretty well or was there the same type of conflict that should be the way you're. They didn't have much to do with each other. Everybody got along okay because we all win our separate ways. Right. Maybe you should take Dave with you. No, I don't need to take anybody with me. I agree. I agree for sure. Dave is up in Seattle. He's doing fine. He's got his own thing now. And that's what everybody should strive for. Should strive for the road show not to be some underlying to somebody else. You know, well, one thing came good about it. Now that the bird's gone. I don't want to rip him up and like this. Yes, you do. Why don't you? Why don't you say that? Why do you waffle? Well, because I want to complete this sentence. But I'm going to say it. I'm sure you agree. Now that he's gone, at least we're off to your journey. We've been going to the journey. Got dark and wonderful, you know, guess the clue on the song type thing. We don't have to hear Johnny dark. That is correct. That is correct. But Johnny is just a, you know, I don't dislike Johnny. But he's a depressing person. And when he's around, it's like he knows everything. And all the rest of us are morons. You know, and he looks at you with that condescending look like cheese. Anybody knows that. You know, and it's just a bug's me. The bug's me. He's a free loader. He's one of the worst free loaders. I've ever seen in my life. He was talking last week to be owned some radio station in Maine. Yeah, W.O.F. F. Uh huh. Right. Which is wondering. I guess I'm walking every day. Well, listen, have a great day. And I was sure something talking to you. It's a 1209 and W.O.D. Ah, boy. That frog has come back. Maybe it's that flamb that they were talking about yesterday. Hmm. Look at that boy. Dark, sharp, truce. Hmm. Put that in your collection. Wouldn't that be something, you know, how like people collect stamps? And they collect baseball cards. If you could have a flamb collection, and you could have an album, and it could have special little packets that you would put the. Hey, listen, it could be valuable someday. They laughed at baseball cards, okay? It could be where it Steve might buy it. And you could put the various the dates on the bottom of the thing. You know, in an album all through your life. That could be pretty exciting. Homestead. Meal. Speaking of flamb, yes. Oh, come on. Well, it's a pretty flamby place, isn't it? Yeah, you got a pointer. You didn't mention the little ditty and fritascers calling. Well, that's because I didn't see it. Okay. Do you have a paper for any of you? No. Okay. What's that? I threw it out. All right. He says best laid plans, too. No. All right. He says Jimmy Richter of size Rivergates. And a $150 platter stone crabs to neorodges side click. Glid Hill the bird. A radio station WOD. Hill gobble them down, noisely on the air. And gosh, wonderful. Everybody ought to eat it, Jones. Oh. Are you serious? Yeah, that's right there. It's on the very front page of WOD. This was the last week. My favorite paper. No, but I'm saying, I'm not going to get a line. Wait, guess when he did it, sure. Yeah. What I called about was about a year ago, being in my dad's only about this is we go in the monorail. Because you know, living there in the bowels of the county. And we got the monorail. On the metro where we don't have a monorail. On the metro. On the metro. And we wrote it up to highly apart. And we went through the tube there. You know, because let's get right across the tubes. Yeah. And we had breakfast and washed the police practice. They did it every Sunday. They put out a big buffet. And if it just has the people down here, we're going through and see the park. Yeah. Because the party's not running to the... Well, it's a little late for all of this utilizing everybody's doing now. You know, it's just too late. Yeah. That's very big. And also, you know, I think like the bird really lost perspective of what is. What is rule was with your show. And because we went to a couple of the live things she did. And it's like he didn't want anything to do with the people coming out of the same stuff. Yeah. I didn't care for that. And I just... I don't know what his attitude. Doesn't course. He is guilty of a lot of self denial. In other words, he would do these things. And then when you... People would approach him with that. He would deny it. And it's very difficult to deal with people like that. Because if they had that denial factor, you can't discuss it. You can't solve it because they just wanted to admit that they do these things. So, like I said, I wish them all a luck in the world. I hope it gets his own gig and I'm sure it'll be great. And life goes on and we'll somehow fumble our way through. Providence pass new to WIOD. We have one open light in date, 751 WIOD. And Palm Beach is also available ladies and gentlemen at 655 WIOD. You think they'd be calling like crazy on the Palm Beach line about WPBR. That is some heavy duty news. Anyway, holiday... You want joy, you Reynolds? They want the hell do you want in the air? Look who is starting to say. Silence. And I stepped all over Steve. He's been stepped out of no place in gentlemen. He's passed few weeks and he will be in the early today. As we try to bring Steve, trying to get him to be a little more upbeat, and I'm sure that after reading the paper this morning, he's got a real positive enthusiastic outlook. Okay. Quit crat it on stand. That's our motto for the day ladies and gentlemen. Quit crat it on old stand. Even if he deserves it. That tiny Tim Schroboy, that did it for me. Okay, let's go to a plantation. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I came by your house and dropped you stuff to the dog right now. Yeah, thank you Billy. That was nice. Yeah, I couldn't. I knew I couldn't get you to the door. I don't know who the words that answered. That was Dave. You know the bloodstores used to carry that stuff. And I can't find it anywhere except this workshop. Now I got a right one. I had the same problem. Well, my dog said to be sure and thank you. Did you watch him with him? Yeah, he seems I know it sounds ridiculous, but he seems the better today I'll read it. Are he quick scratching? That's what I told me. Yeah. Although he keeps nibbling it like he's got those little sorrows on his feet. And he just does it to piss me off. You know, he just keeps nibbling and he looks at me. You know, like I'll show you, I'll open up a few sore because he after wildly likes him sympathy. Yeah, he seems I'll read the urinalife and he's got to give you a little green. Yeah, you're right. And around between the two of the dogs, they sure do trust me. Okay. Thanks a lot Billy. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. I got a girlfriend. I worked with the cheetah. They're going to get a bunch of money. I'm sending in for you to know it sounds appreciated. Like the way you're talking about the proper spot. Okay. Thanks, Rob. Thanks, Rob. See you, Billy. Okay. 12. 19. The W. I. The W. I. I wonder if his girlfriend knows Reverend DePuppek. Reverend Poltergeist. You know, he's in those topless bargurals. Anyway, boy, these phones are sizzling here. This is just incredible. I got to be honest. I talked to one of our outer office executives there. I don't want to mention Cheryl's name because somebody will get all of said. But she said that they just doesn't seem to be an awful lot of said. I thought this morning I was at least going to have to go through one day of hell. Okay. We had that one miserable nasty little that bitch that called in about like the second call this morning. And she was basically about it. And like I said, if you want to call in in legitimately say we made a mistake or whatever that's fine. I'm not trying to tilt the calls one way or the other. But you do expect when you make a major change in the show like this that they're going to be some feelings. You know, one way or the other. There's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. He said hello. Yes, sir. I'm your lead. Why don't you just tune in and I can't believe what I'm hearing you finally rid yourself of Glenn Hill. Oh, no. What a way to put it. I just couldn't understand what he offered to your show to begin with. I mean, really he was nothing more than your ethnic man. So when I let me just say this in all fairness in his defense when I went out vacation, when I was out sick, it's nice. It's terrible. But the point is, but even so, I mean, that's your opinion. But at least there was somebody here to keep a little continuity as opposed to what they usually do at IOD where they bring in some weather man or, oh, I shouldn't have said that. So pro get upset or some politician, somebody who's not even a broadcast or in a lot of cases and they put him on and it's embarrassing like when smeg filled in for a renewing there a couple of weeks. I mean, that was just that was downright outrageous. So I have a question. How was it that he was able to tag along with you when you came over from when? From Zadee, I mean? From Zadee, I mean? Well, who's also with your wins? Well, no, they put me on in a more, yeah, but they put me out in a morning on Zadee and they said, who do you want on with you? And I automatically said Glenn because he had been on for several months on I and Z. Well, I couldn't imagine that because I didn't think you would have anything to do with that. And I did. And I was the one who insisted on them coming over here. And again, I think that, I don't know. I don't know whether I, I shouldn't say it in these terms. It's not that I feel sorry for him because I don't. I mean, that's, that's a terrible way to put it. But I felt an obligation toward him. In other words, he had kind of latched onto the show. And I and Z, he kind of like attached himself to it. Mariah, miraculously. And I just got suckered into it. And I think it was a mistake bringing him here. I think it Zadee, it was fine with him and Caprieta. They did a great job and all of that. But I think at that point, I should left on my own and just come over here. And then we could have avoided all of this. Well, I was amazed at how a literate the sky was when he used to read the news. So was hysterical? Yeah, but it was funny, though, isn't it? It was great. It was great. And then when they only should be the news there now, it's, you know, the old he watched his, he watched his value. But hopefully he'll be able to do something else. Okay. All right. Thanks. They're vicious today. Twenty two after noon at Wiod. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four. Bite. Five, two, four. Wiod. Okay. Now they are. They're vicious. They're cruel. A lot of truth in it. But he'll be all right. He'll come down on his feet. He's a little bit scared. The kind of like that that these things in his business are always for the best and he's got to get his own. He's got to develop his own thing. And then he can have his self-renanders and his own Mackenzie and Phoebe Cates and Johnny Dark, and that whole Bund of, uh, Michelle Goon that he used to hang around with. Okay. We want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood right now for your shopping. Yeah, come on. He's probably young. And a boy Tim Tim Williams of course quoted also an article in the Harold by one Carlos co-text this morning and continues telling it like it ain't boy he really is full of it but he's got a lot of young kids so we don't want to call him a douchebag on a year okay it's a bitter pill to swallow when your kids come home from school and all their classmates are saying your dad's a douchebag okay so we won't do it to you Tim all of contract content disputes as I would have said there weren't any dispute well I were disputes because he was a moron but other than that I just said I'm leaving okay goodbye that was the dispute they said okay goodbye we'd like to be number three they didn't realize it was gonna have a three in front of it being number thirty three and of course PBR has dropped their talk format shocking things going on in a market PBR is now doing ethnic uh... cellul an hour at a time and probably will make money doing it too I guess that's what we're going to do we got you cranium melodies coming up in the water two hour and then stand is got a bunch of boat people that he's selling 15 minutes at a time two he's going to be an intangible bad in a little while not a bad way to go Miami Beach I mean I do today okay well I guess the bird is on his way south well it's that time of the year is it a good place out I've been in an out of the truck all day I've listened to your show every minute I've been in a truck has anybody told you about taster's calling uh... somebody mentioned a year about the uh... don't crams how come I never heard about that well you just like you know you're here what he wants you here yeah how far fifty dollars with stone crowds and he sends them to the wrong restaurant like also about how uh... he told me johnny dark was in here one day I mean that it's kind of a child is thing but why would he tell me he was here one day when he was here three where you got to be able to count the three yeah that's true okay i see that's vicious because i know that glan is listening he's going to then he'll accuse me of attacking him after we had an arreedible chat last night i don't know harbour any grudges i just hope he gets his own deal okay then he can do whatever then he can rip me you know the same with that he had his moments of glory where i have been it yeah i enjoyed his show at time so if you were when he was your buying self yeah and at a lot of times when he was with you as well but he's not enough to be person um... yeah he is an extremely fellow i guess you know better than anyone but he seems like he did into his whole and then just one like a woman and uh... yeah he just not enough to be heard they want to buy the audience here has a way with words to do it i think i want like i want to not with me i get what he would have right that was incredible okay thanks a here there he goes boy that was a wine like a woman uh... word that we anytime you need something boy you can't find it you know no matter what they hold as you need in this room there it is okay we have an opening in date county seven five one wild stand is gonna be in a little bit i'm not exactly sure when but that we're gonna try to and i agree i do agree stand is not take criticism well but then none of us in his business take criticism well we're all very thin skin we don't like to be criticized we hang up on people or obnoxious but the fact is that thing about being upbeat is a very legitimate point people who are listening this kind of show i suppose you know the people listen to w snooze they want to be depressed they want to hear that bobbel acider the word the sky is falling gloom and doom all of these depressing heavy topics and that's fine because most of them are gonna be dead in six months anyway all right they're all over the age of 150 but people who want to be entertained and have a little bit of a good time in a couple of last they don't want to hear more bit of the all of time they don't want to hear people who sound like their suicide like the sky is falling and i think we need to uh get stand different perspective on life okay maybe he needs tiny tim to come in every day to be a sidekick tiptoe through the tool it can you imagine making a living like that okay now we've been waiting for this called biscayne park yes yes yeah yeah uh huh i'm kind of morning for Glenn but um i also live in this game park and i used to live i know i know okay well yeah it sounds great now but i used to live two blocks from where a Larry King he's living this game park uh and i tell you um he's doing laundry over there and his son used to watch his clothes there and his son told me don't take a check yeah don't take a check that's right absolutely but i did not know you know john brunette he was hoping he found a whole drawer full of checks at high alia yeah just the other day he was hoping there was just enormous amounts of money he was hoping to use that money to salvage the track and then he saw Larry signature on all the checks and uh he's pretty healthy press out right exactly that's when he held a press conference and we're closing yeah well i just wanted to say that you know i i do more than bird but he i hope he definitely gets something from self he is a talented man i i predict within three months he's gonna have his own gig on something either this station or some other one and he'll thank me in the long run for giving him the kick in the ass to get off this stupid chair here and go out and do his own thing well Neil i i'd love you much and i love the bird and as i say Larry King thunder is fifty bucks see if 1231 a w i i'm not gonna reach all the way up here and pull out uh i mean i could have done it he gave me enough time he was setting it up very nicely the caller did a good job but she's to have to reach all the way up in the rack and pull it out and stick it in you know it's not worth it okay 1232 a w i o d i've got to be honest with you i feel great today and i shouldn't say that because that will make Glenn feel even worse but it's true i really do feel good let's get we're going to get all the people on who are missing the bird here's one in four-laterdale hello yeah Neil yes there on a bokeh line no life i miss the birds so much i call you long distance yeah from bomb in four-laterdale but i want but you call it in a bokeh line yeah Neil i got to ask you a couple things is there any coincidence between the birds to paracher and the fact that you just celebrated you're one you're had a bursuit well maybe he had a contract four a year with he didn't have any contract okay that rules that out okay secondly i mean even i can't follow that one i'm trying to absorb it but yeah secondly i hope you give me an honest answer yes sir is there any coincidence between the birds to paracher and the fact that he got a lot of compliments for the jovey do while you were gone that's unbelievable no because this decision was made to be for i went away or really i know i knew that people would say that i mean that's the story i ever heard because first of all let me say this let me say this to you the man has been the distinction did not want him filling in when i want a vacation ever again and i insisted this last time that he do the show because i knew he could do a fine job it's third Neil is there any coincidence between the birds to paracher and the fact that he helped put down stand made just when joy was there no let me say it again this decision was made long ago okay well i'm just heading up the heteroes for bird and you know yeah and the homophobes for for god okay 1233 a w i decid as a class that was a classic caller that was a perfect example of why he's not here okay my mb chelope yeah first time car how are you doing great moved out from a while we're an experiences how long you've been here all i've been here two years oh you might really hate it by now well i'll tell you it's it's totally different from from a hale yeah two uh put burn the cage or crap on stand but i said different place why did you just uh you know kind of mixing both up together now i tell you i got to get this up much less you know you tell me how people just sit back down here watching tap and there's three types of people people make a happen what to happen and wonder what happened that's right i'm discame point right now and up this team point this team full of earth um discame beat they're putting security guard us up and um still water drive and as it's cut not still water park there's 20 special people that went down to the company after day day county yeah and well that's great 20 no i'm so telling you 20 people created a whole new testing district and all of us are gonna pay this pack great and they get a gate well i'd call a sandy pateness afternoon and get pretty upset about it if i were you 1235 and w i did any say that was his first call to the show let's only keep our fingers crossed and pray that it's the last we have an opening in date 751 w i o d and one in boca boca is open 278 9463 278 w i o d and listen the horse raided like a baby make a phone shoot a floor he's a feature that will work and he's headed for the meanscek by the bandflan everybody Okay, 1240 a WOD. Well, that's great. That really kind of lifts my spirits. Makes me want to reach right in my wallet. Okay. All right. Let's continue with these. Siddilating calls. Hollywood. Good one. Okay. My amy. Are you doing there? Great. Listen, I walk up this morning, red my herald and flow what happened with the bird. And the first I felt kind of sorry for the guy, but tell you the truth. I think was the best thing for both of you. That's correct. Yeah. It's time to just like a bad marriage. You know, there's a time to split up and go your separate way. By grade 100, I think you're going to fly from the people that are calling you that basically the general public feels the same way. Yeah. It's been overwhelming so far. I mean, we only had a couple of, you know, mal-contented people out there. Are you going to find it a matter where you go? Yeah. Even in a Bronx, you find a couple of mal-contents. Well, one or two, yeah. How many of Brooklyn, but no, many up in the bar? Or a couple of Queens. And some Kings, too. Yeah. However, you know, I've been listening to you. In fact, I heard your show was my first radio accident I have had. Going back to when you switched from evenings into a midday with WINZ. Oh, boy, I got to be honest with it. That was the, that was the saving grace of my life was getting out of that night time. I think that was the best thing for all of us here in Miami including yourself. Yeah. But, you know, I was there listening to the first day the bird came on and how we just solely generated himself into the show. He really did. I got it. I got to get him credit for that. He injected himself in and it had a great chemistry and it was a time and a place. See, that's another thing that's stand doesn't understand. Stan wishes that we could go back two years and like when he was following me at INC and every day we'd sit down and all the lines would light up. He'd never have to give the numbers out. That lasted for months, literally, which was an amazing phenomenon. But the fact is that was then and this is now. That's history and it's just isn't going to happen again. That's, you know, one time thing. Yeah, you know, the other day I was listening to a show and I couldn't understand why he was looking for these people with headlights. What was he doing? Headlights? I didn't know. That's what I was a gun. That was on vacation when he did that. Now he was having people who were listening to him, turn their headlights on and they didn't have to know. I was busy looking for people with headlights. Yeah. You know, just just in close. Some of them just landed. Just in closing, my greatest fear of this whole thing is there's always a negative in a footfoot foot sight to business decisions that people make is that Stan will be gone and they'll put fellow in it. That's my fear. I got news where there's about as much chance of that happening. There is of Alan Courtney being on the year at 8 o'clock tonight. He's been dead for 12 years. Neil, you're great. It's buddy. How a good day. Thank you. Right. 1243 at Wiod. Day, a little a tinkling session here today, but to can't be all bad. Right? We're just kind of fumbling our way along, try to get the knack of it. And I got to be honest with you, and all in all fairness to glad it is, it is a little bit different. It does take a couple of days to get back in the, because you become lazy, I think. When you have somebody else like a a crutch to lean on all the time, it's you become lazy. And you don't sound as energetic and you're not as much involved. You just have to time you're ready to fall asleep from the calls. You know, and you just assume somebody else can pick up the pieces. I don't think it's good. I think in a morning, it's great. Any other time of the day, you've got to fly on your own. Okay? Speaking of that, Stan will be along any minute now. I got to hear his comments about tiny timmiest today, because that show that really did it for me. I'll tell you. I was just on cloud nine. Four waterdale. Call me Mr. Unified. Oh, cruel, cruel, but cute. Four waterdale. Neil. Yes. I know. I'll miss the bread on the show. Yeah. But I definitely wouldn't turn the show off. Well, that's hope not. No, definitely not. And I just think that you was very good on the show. I thought I'd never thought you guys split up. I didn't. That's what you're all just getting around. No, I was not kidding around. And you know, baseball season last 162 games, my friend. It's a long season. No, I couldn't envision going through that again. I mean, I'm not going to apologize for being a cubs fan. That's a big part of my life. I feel like a kid again. I really, I mean, to those telecast. I spent all that money on a satellite system just so I could see WGN. And I'm into it. Okay. I mean, that's important to me. I'm not going to sit here at a apologize for being interested or talking about it every day. No, I like this thing here interest. I think it's great. And I think the cubs are great too. But I'd like to say, I think the dean is God. And would you please play Glenn Hills disease? Have a great day, sir. Thank you. Okay. 1245 Wiodine. We have it opening at Broward. 5249463 now. I've got a dilemma because we have a very upset collar on two, which we'll get to. But there's a mobile in Kendall. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, what's going on? How you doing? I've been out of town for a couple of days. And I just tuned in. I hear what happened to the birds in the paper. So I'm not going to dwell on it. But I want to know where to send my resume. Looking for a job. Okay. Send it to Nick Lawrence Wiod. Miami just put it in a bottle in the bay and we'll get it right out behind the building. Okay. Great. Thank you. Okay. Good luck, Mr. Okay. Here's this upset collar in North Miami. Are you upset? Yes. I'm very upset. Okay. Listen. I just want to win. I wish one to Arnold's Royal Castle last night. And I just happened to see a picture of the bird up there. She's Glenn Hills midday. And last time I was in there, they gave me a company and a picture of you. Yeah. I called you that night. I said, I told you the cop chasing the motorcycle down. I guess. Okay. And I went in last night and I said, hey, there's a picture of bird. It's a complete my set. And I turn it right on. So I just woke up because they're working nice. I get a bird's gun. Yeah. But you're missing the point. Don't you understand how much more that picture is worth now? Oh, no. But near the rocks is out the bird. I've listened to you guys and stayed before you know. Yeah. Well, I know it'll come as a shock to you. But I worked alone for many, many, many, many years before that. And I could be wrong. But I think I'll probably fumble through on my own. You know, I think this would be great for them. They can't all be the only thing. Who's decision was to leave with his or management? Fine. Was yours? Right. Oh, nearly. You're a bastard. That's right. I hope you're cursed the lifetime of chronic calls. Okay. Well, listen, this was a good start. See you. Good call. 1247 and WIOD. Where's that card? Well, I do only one that I've got right in front of me. Is this one? Well, I tell you you're a bastard. But it fits, doesn't it? Boy, that's another one that we can live without from now on is Joey. God, he had this one thing about Glenn. He starts struck man. He is so awestruck by anybody in this business. Even boardops, he just anybody who ever worked in radio or especially television. If anybody from one of the TV stations would come in, he would be just star struck. He really is. And I think he would admit that. He just obsessed. Okay. 1247 and WIOD. I don't mean just his L. McKenzie either. Okay, or whatever her name is. Jiselle Fernandez. How could I forget? Because she's Jewish and Mexican, right? Just keep that in mind. Those of you who allow your ethnic prejudices to determine what you're going to watch on television. She is Jewish and she's Mexican. See. So she's got to cover it and also now she's nice. I like her and she's very attractive and all of that. Anyway, it's 1250. 1252. WIOD. Now, wonder the stuff that came in for you. Did you get that for Camilla sauce from that? But it's in there, right? Okay. Yeah. We got, I would say over 3,000 counting yesterday's mail and today's hasn't even come in yet. Here's an upset caller. I am very upset deal. I never, ever, ever call I listen every minute of the show. I don't want to be a buttlicker, right? But, hey, how can you fire the bird right before Christmas? Now, I thought you guys were going to be syndicated nationwide. Yeah. Okay. Something big. Yeah. Look, it even proves that you're going down. Look how fast I got on, damn it. Good call. Okay. We have an opening in date counting. Now, it was good. It was excellent. 751 WIOD. 75194.63. I like those the colors with the real heavy speech defects. Those are the ones that I like a lot. Okay. Miami. Hello, Neil. Yeah. You're such a bastard. I know. You get ready to shoot. Mark Solary. You couldn't give him a couple of weeks or so. Yeah. So I could do it the day before Christmas, right? I just show him's going to go took a put. Okay. Go walk anyway. Bad voice. Bad voice. 1253. How come we were doing so great up until right now and Stan walked in? They must have had a premonition. I think you've got, there's something about you. There's an aura. Really? I think you just attract him like flies. What is that? Is that about tiny Tim? See up to all true of the tulips. Oh, leave Mary with it. Boy, he was incredible. I said, he was great. He was interesting. Well, the food was great. I'll tell you that. He is, he's another one. Like the bird. He got a kiss the ground every day. Now, and I understand that line he kept saying over and over again when I wake up in the morning. That's well, it's a dog. Yeah. Well, for his field that way. No. If I didn't wake up in the morning, it's the way it goes. You know, the dogs would be upset. They wouldn't get fed. But that's tough luck. Boca. Nobody there. Well, why do we keep wasting our time with that line? Did he talk to what did they say? There's nothing wrong with it, right? Boy, I'm so tired of the Southern Bell man. They make me want a puke. It says if there's something wrong, yes, it will be fixed. Yeah. Right. And chickens will start urinating profusely, too, any second. So I had this long message on my answering, was you looking at the clock for? Because you were, because while I was listening to you, paranoid and insecure, it takes almost nothing to do it. No, no, from Jim Skyler. Yeah, PBR. Yeah. That's right. And that is right. Yeah. And he does this whole bit. You know, I mean, Jimmy never talks, you know, like normal normal. I mean, try to have a company. Yeah, he's a Skyler. Oh, okay. I never heard anybody call him Jimmy. So it's like a five minute message on my machine. Oh, they're doing it today. I don't know when they're doing it. What does that mean by 430 today? Is that about, oh, they're going to fix the phone by 430 today. Yeah, right. Sure. And sockets is coming to real soon. Like next October. Can you see followers ratings now? So how much difference is it going to make? They had fractions anyway, okay? Justin. No, that's the amazing part of it is that JNO does have good numbers. All of their very jury-atric, very ancient. Yeah. And we beat the crap out of him and anything under 100. We beat the crap out of him, even up there in that market. And we don't get any calls from there, which is amazing. All I will say this if you look at that board. They've been, um, this is the first day I can remember in a long time. They're all lit the whole show. Well, the, uh, the honest is off. I mean, people can call in and talk about whatever they want. The monkey is off my back, does it? That's what they said a GTR. That's why you sound so. Carl gave it. I had to call. Oh, my God. I know I called yesterday. Yeah. Yes. You know, can I say the word path? Once. Okay. You know, Joseph, you say tennis or golf along with it or base or foot or soccer or cotton. Cotton ball. Okay. Joe, Joe may not know horses, but last night if anybody heard the Joe, uh, Joe said one thing about the cars that they have no cotton balls. Okay. About the what? Joe said his colors have no cotton balls. Yeah. Well, they caught it from the, uh, from the Holambian sports talk. Well, you know, because anybody who dares to criticize Mr. Robbie or Mr. Sammy or anything that goes on with the dolphins of the hurricanes gets a lashing and is dispensed with some merrily, okay? Yeah, but let me tell you it's like when it's like when Joe Robby's on the show, nobody's got the guiunies to call. No, that's true. But that's how talk show colors are to people's faces. I'm trying to think I had a guest on years ago and I can't think on W. snooze many years ago and it was somebody that my audience hated, hated, always ripped and torrent to and I'm telling you I did the interview for an hour and I opened the phones up and all the lines were lit and I thought boy they're going to rip this guy and ask and they tinkled over him man like he was Santa Claus. I was embarrassed. Whatever happened to me. Oh, you sound like they don't have any. They don't have the guts to say it to your face like I do and tell you you're a pain in the ass. Nobody stands by their convicted. Well, I sure do. Well, that's what bothers me. I mean there's no loyalty. We're all these people that love Glenn. I haven't heard a single one call. Well, because they just didn't exist. Why are you going to do what tell us that? What are you going to say? I'm going to be answered. I'm going to miss it. Well, and you know, I'm definitely not going to tune away, but I'm definitely going to miss them and you know, it's going to be strange for a while. Well strange. But it's going to be strange for me too. I've been in the best mood today. I've been in and once it just makes me sick that none of these people have the guy who needs to call. Well, what is it that they're going to say? I don't know. I mean, the two or three who have called have been so obnoxious that they're not they don't even count. That's not what I want. I don't think that's what Glenn wants to hear. No, I'm sure he doesn't. He wants to hear a succession of people calling in who said, oh my gosh, it's show will never be the same. We're going to miss him. You know, that's what he wants to because that's human nature. It's not a knock at him. It's just what people want to hear. It's like the day that's stand to that embarrassing thing about everybody who loves me. Now let's blow the lines out and he couldn't buy a call. You know, that's human nature. People want to be loved and fondled and tinkled over. I don't need that crap. Okay. I bet Kane ever came back for the day and you know I've ripped him from day one and I'll continue to rip him. If he ever came back, we go through the same crap as we are. We missed you so much. You would you would I don't miss him? No, no, I don't. I don't miss him. We you know we hear it. We hear it. I'm the one. These people may work whichever way the wind blows. What don't make misses him. Well, that goes when I'm saying Nick is your crush. Nick misses the Dean. Well, if the Dean and Steve would come back to Maranick would feel like Santa Claus arrived early. I don't know. Well, listen, have a wonderful life and enclosing. Keep it be honest, huh? Good day. Get a life. Good day. He didn't know. That's the first time he has ever called me. He's so emotional and so swept up in his. He did not say good day. That is shocking, okay? Stretched this, Marvin. Don't give him it's 20 seconds after already. Whoever is doing the news ought to have their sweet ass in there. Okay. It would be embarrassing if it turned out to be Chuck because that would be. But I'm sure it's Deborah, isn't it? Is it Deborah? Is you're in Deborah? See? Well, that makes sense. Deborah has her sweet ass in the newsroom and she's going to bring you the one o'clock news. We'll come back with Stan Major who's going to give you lots of alibis now and we'll try to put him up a little bit and get him in a more positive mood, stopping so grumpy. Since he got married, his whole disposition. I don't want to say that, but his disposition has changed dramatically. He's just not the same old Stan. But we'll delve into that deeply when we come back. Here on 610 WIODs. There's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. It's Vungue to our! Hi, Vungue. Okay, we've been able to get a little bit of information here. Now time we've been working up to it slowly. We had David Jones, the Clancy Brothers, Tiny Tim yesterday, and Stan next Monday there's a rumor that he can get these guests. It's all over trust me. Blow the tunnel. That's another thing. We continue with some major delays. Oh, that was good. I like that. What was that? Was that a UPI audio? AP? Oh, that was the traffic? What the hell are they doing on now? What a station are they on? On QAM? Be five south of Sterling Road. That's also blocking probably. I get out of here. We don't believe it anyway. They are so bad. They are. They're terrible. They're awful. They're at least an hour behind at all times. But that's because Joe Brennan is busy on heavy medication. Okay, here's a stick up for Stan call. I like to know if my seasoning was miscoded or was that a perfect quote from him? Well, you got to understand, does need being the puts that he is? I just say the awkward way to put it. That's just seems very unprofessional to me. I went to a sports talk over on a hurricane hotline. I saw him standing over there when they were announcing the UM contract. Yeah. If you like a nice guy. He is a nice guy. Totally incompetent, but a very nice guy. But that's pretty stupid. I mean, well, I saw also stupid. But I just have a part of incompetence who's stupidity. Yeah, but I he doesn't understand that I used to turn my radio off when Steve's gang used to come on. Yeah. And now I leave it on. I don't understand what Steve. I still I still wonder about all those people used to bitch and moan and hated Steve. I don't just mean hated his show, but they hated him personally. I've never, I'm serious. I've never worked with anybody in 30 years in his business who was as universally despised personally as Steve Kane. And now that he's gone, it's like they don't know what the hell they want to quote the famous tacos. Yeah, but it's just so bad because they're going to maybe they're going to try to bring in someone different if they put Dickie Ferrell on. They're not putting Dickie Ferrell on. Okay. I love you. But let me tell you something. You could bet every dime you have in the world and mortgage your house and bet that too. There is no chance that Dickie Farkel is doing after no one's on a station. You suck too. What are they trying to have horrible ratings or what do you know? Well, they don't want to they learn it from Tim William. Can I just say something? Of course to the three-year. When you read what Disney said, keep in mind this is the guy that hired Ferrell. But that's okay. Well, that's it. Get on here now and start ripping Disney. I think that'll see your fate real good. No, I just want to, you know, what the hell? I mean, if he's already got his man, mine made up, whatever. He didn't say he has his mind made up. He said it's not said. In other words, it's not definite. They're keeping what maybe he was not quoted. Well, because keep in mind, one photo is not exactly a rocket side. It's awkward the way it's written here. What he's saying is that it's still up for grabs. That's all. He doesn't say that you're out or that you're not in a runnyz. It's up for grabs. Well, we have a trend coming in Monday, which is my first full trend. Yeah. And hopefully they found some English-speaking people for this one too. It would be great. Yeah. And even if you have a bad show as better than Steve Tanks, I listen all the time and you may have a bad show once in a while. I definitely turned off the Clancy Brothers. How about Tiny Timster, be honest? Oh, you know, I think you're talking too well. True. Oh, the hell better than Stan's of board. I mean, Steve's abortion. Yeah. Well, it wasn't abortions, so it's kind of fit right in. And Dicky Star, Farqua, was talking about abortions last night, so that's how you were. Well, it fits. Ever great day. You too. Goodbye, bird. Wherever you are. Okay, listen, we have an opening in Dave County now as we try to analyze the ongoing trouble. Very significant period of time. Now the bird is a gone. And I'll take full responsibility for it since management gave me that anyway. I like the way they did that. But I don't care. I told him I said if that's the way they want to put it. I have no problem with you. Brody, I'm over here. Yeah. He wouldn't be here if it wasn't that is correct. God only knows what they hired. No, if they would have been smart at Zeta, which they're not, because if they would have been smart, they never would let me leave in a first place. And they never would have treated us like crap and never would have fired you. But the bottom line is when I left, they should have said, well wait a minute, we don't want Glenn going with you. We'll give him an increase over here to keep him in Caprita, which would have kept a good part of the show. In other words, the continuity of the show was still a lot of it would have been there. Yeah. Okay. And I wouldn't have been on opposite it. So they could probably have kept a good part of that audience for a long time. How many brains? Well, okay. So that would have been the smart thing to do. But they, when I said Glenn's going, man, bolder looked at me like, okay, no problem. Like, you know, both pack your bags and the sooner you're gone, that company was so delighted that you and I were there. They, I'm surprised they kept Caprita. Yeah. Simply put, he was on your show. Funny work cheap, you know. And luckily for him, he got out of there too just in time. It's 11 after one at WIO Dean. We have an opening in Boka and Del Rey, 2789463. And if you call in your on hold, you're probably going to get hung up on. But it'll be kind of a fun experience. Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood. Well, you'll never guess who is sitting in the birds chair, ladies and gentlemen. Oh my god. Fat rich has just come watering in at his punk himself down in the birds chair. I wonder what that means. 115 to WIO Dean. Stan is in the building, which explains why a couple of lines have opened up. One in Dade 751, 9463 and one in Boka, 278 WIO Dean. Now we got to get into this, uh, get away from this depressing, negative stand that's developed. I realize it's very difficult when they don't want to call and talk to you. But screw them. Okay. You can't be. Let them drive you down. We're getting calls. When you sure wouldn't know it to listen to you every time I punch you up, it's like, oh, nobody's calling. No, he's up smoking by the way. No. Oh, yesterday we had one, one soft period, but the calls were pretty good. Yeah, after the audience, every back after the first hour. I threw out the option. Well, no, they never responded any of that. Of course not. You know this town by now, you know this market. But you've got to be up. You've got to, um, motivate this. You've got to do a stay. Wait a minute. Let me see the handwriting on that. That postcard looks, yeah, same handwriting for 10 years. Hate, it's hate. It would be nice when you start your program. It would be like good morning or good afternoon. Give me that. Don't read any. Don't read it. No, that's something good about you. Yeah. All right. Roger's style. Yeah. In drive. It's hate mail. Well, you mean, I've seen that handwriting for 12 years by the way. Yeah. And now without Glenn. No, this was written before. Yeah. Well, there'll be another one tomorrow. The same one for almost since I've been in a market. The same old bitch has been writing these cards. You know, it's always the same crappy card and the same crappy ballpoint pin and the same geriatric handwriting. It's pathetic. On the side. Hamburg pines. Oh, God. No, I'm going to have to try to keep a clear head here. Okay. Try to control yourself. I know there's a lot of pressure building. Okay. Let's see. I just want to know. I stand. What's your opinion on the bird getting the boot there? Glenn's attitude in the last year changed appreciably from when he was just a guy walking in at INZ opening up the mail. He was great on Zeta. Like Neil said, and I guess when he came over here, he kind of got a little too much into himself and felt he was too important to the program. And, it's kind of sad. But that's the way it goes. Okay. I agree. I mean, I do agree that he got a little carried away and everything with a Z go and all. But you know, Neil, you're like losing at the mention to your show. But of course, I'm still going to listen because. Well, I said, what I'm losing a dimension is a show dimension. Well, of course, when he's gone now, the show is going to be different. But that's what I'm trying to do. I want to lose that dimension. Okay. Okay. I can understand. I know it sounds arrogant and he gets difficult to assume that I can do a show myself. But the amazing part of it is most people who do talk shows in his country, work by themselves. I know that comes as a tremendous shock. No, actually it doesn't. I understand exactly what you're saying. Yeah. The bird, the bird was a good guy. Maybe he just had his time out. And I just, I'm hoping along with a whole bunch of other people that maybe he'll get his own job. Exactly. Like from 8 to 11 would be perfect. It's a little nicer. Okay. So, you know, thanks a lot, Neil. And we're going to miss him. Okay. Okay. So I did almost to suicidal. Okay. We have an open light and Broward 524, Pewq 524Wild and one in the Bokadell Ray line. I know that you people get disconnected when you call, but isn't it fun to light it up and make it seem like you're calling? Maybe I should go out and dial it. Then you can probably know. But see if you dial it from like inside the building, I don't think you'd have a problem with that. It's probably somewhere between there and here. Wild. Yes. Yes, sir. I like to pick the Neil. Are you in Bokad? Yes. Well, this is Neil. I picked you up cold because I saw that line flashing. I wondered if it would work. Neil, we've been charged to this line. Who's in charge of it? Yeah. Ramaboo and grandma Bell. Don't need to get off his ass and get it sick. Neil, he doesn't like to jump to conclusions on these things. He likes to do these scientific studies, take a couple of focused groups and a few, you know, and then work it out from there. I got cut off four or five times already. Are you serious? Well, see, there's the proof I'm talking about. You run hold? Oh, yeah. It was a whole different time for good 20 minutes. There you go. It just went blank, right? Yeah. Yeah. I knew I can't believe that I'm really upset. I mean, it is true. About what? That's somebody missing there. Who, fat rich? He's still in the building. Oh, no. Spencer. Oh, Spencer. Well, you are. You are brutal. You are rotten because you know that Glenn's listening. And you did that just to rub salt in his thing, didn't you? Of course. Come on. I know what it was cute. Well, I don't know people. In fact, that's the big topic of conversation today is where Spencer is and Laura was suicidal. A lot of people count on him. And I wasn't here last week, but they tell me that it rained on Wednesday, so we didn't show up. And today, no excuse with a weatherman. It's sunny and beautiful when I came in and no Spencer. Well, it's pretty, uh, come back next week. Well, let's pray. Let's send out the WID search party, sir. They are in joy, sir. Thank you. Bye bye. Have a great life. And don't call us again. Okay. 20 after one at WID, but then oh, that was good. That was on the bulk of line and I picked it right up. Now, that proves the line is screwed up, doesn't it? The guy's been on there 75 times already. And he keeps getting disconnected. Let's try it again. WID. I have to tell Stan my nickname is Skippy. I didn't get a chance to talk to him yesterday. Oh, like the peanut butter or like a dog. I like the dog. This is the one guy that responded to the topic. Uh-huh. Yeah. I thought it was a fascinating topic of mimpoka and funny. You get that in. Isn't it funny how an INZ? Because I remember the show he did on that and he had some amazing calls and the phones were jammed up and his IOD audience meant they're they're so boring. They don't even have nicknames. Well, I wanted to tell you I'd love to show him and when I call my sister in the roof, I do spit a good nickname. Okay. Thanks, Beth. Good call. 21 after one. No, it's true. I remember when you started doing that. I thought, boy, I remember you did that on WIDs and had tremendous response. But we also, and that's your years ago. So it's not like over doing the topic. No, but the thing about it was we could get a little risk a little double on Tondra, you know, and in the climate of today, everybody's uptight about that kind of quote. Yeah, but they can always try it. I mean, sure these people out there have got some idea where the line is drawn if they go over it. You dump it. That's all. Let us make the decision. Because there's some stuff that's come back. You've noticed that there was a little border line there, but we've got to finger it out for the moment. Okay. We think until the next set of fines come in from Washington. Well, listen, what? What's 10 grand of these people for crying out loud? It's like pocket change, man. Multi-billion dollar company and they're worried about 10 stinkin' thousand dollars. Okay. Anyway, this ties right here. Don't go rifling around through the building again, rich. This guy, I am telling you, he is dangerous. They're going to have to start bringing a security guard inside just to watch him when he's in the building. He is incredible. Anyway, we found the nasty blues, clearance, Carter, and stroking. Trudy Lynn, Trudy sings the blues. Check, willus. I want to play with your poodle. Well, that's for dog lovers. Arty White, Rainy Day, Gary B. B. Coleman, one-eyed woman. Chuck Willis. I want a big fat woman. Little Johnny Taylor, ugly man. Gary B. Coleman, watch where you stroke. Travis Haddix, two heads are better than one. And clearance, Carter. Why do I stay here and take this blank from you? So that's the kind of stuff that's on nasty blues. And it's at specs right now. Believe it or not, before the cops come in. 126 at Wild. Boka and a mobile? Yeah, no problem. Why? Why? I'm wearing beautiful. This is amazing. Yeah, I know you'll be happy to hear that. So it opens up a whole new dimension for us. The dimension for us. I can't find and maybe it's due to a lack of intelligence. The article in the Harold. I've lived through the entire paper. Well, I don't know where they see. They cut it out. Oh, what is it? Section D is in Dorg? D is in Dorg. Okay. I'll try to look. D is in Disney. It's in a living today section. It's on the road. Today I was looking under the radio with a local. Now that makes too much sense. Right. I says near Roger sidekick gets booted by one Carlos Cotex. Stan is still there. He's not. He's right here. I'm unable also to understand how he can accept a flight like was delivered to him every time they do that promo minus his name. Yeah, I mentioned that this more. I know you told. It doesn't even. I don't know if I know it doesn't. It outrageous. It comprehends both of me how he could accept something like that. Well, what do you mean except what what it's not obvious. Huh? It's so obvious. It's not necessary. It's real. What choice have you got? I'd go out there. Boy Gary every shows up again. Grabbing a hallway. I eat the crap out of him is what I would. That's absolutely right. I could mean that's secure the job. At least when you little satisfaction. Don't they think any effort to explain it to you? Why that has to do with anyone else? It was they don't really talk to me. Oh, it's too good for it. Hey, listen, they don't talk to me either so don't feel well. That proves that you're both too good for it. That's right. Well, I think it's time to go back to win. Coming to the differential lady wrestlers and the Holocaust revision part. And don't forget the hair guru, the lady Jackie Sabel, a one that's a chilling that freebie for him to grow the hair back. Oh, let's go. Okay. Thank you. Have a great life. 127 a WIOD. We have it opening in date. If you move quickly, where we just talked up 20 30 minutes ago, 75 one WOD. I'm a state about Steve. I missed the way he would lie about the calls. You know, that was one of my favorite things. We have at WIOD. It was incredible. He everything he did to had a psychological approach. He tried to psych the audience out and he used to do that. If he'd say we only have one open line. And if you move quickly, you can get him right now. Even though he might only have one call. And there were times I walked in a controller. Me had no calls. And he'd say if you move quickly, you have one open line. And then he assumed that everybody would rush to the phone to try to call to get that one precious open line. Did it work? No. Okay. 128. And let's go to Lake Worth. Okay. That's what's going on in Lake Worth this afternoon. What is that am attack? What is that? Tamarack? Am attack. It says hello. Yeah. Good luck to you. Kendall. Am attack. It says hello. Okay. Now we're on a roll, ladies and gentlemen. I, you do. You attract and boy, you bring them out of the woodwork. I didn't have any of that for three hours. None. Zero. Maybe I won't have any of it too. Oh, yeah. You want to bet? I have a feeling they're just in practice right now. We have one open line in date. 751 WIOD and one in Boka. Two seven eight. And a Boka line is working now. Believe me. Trust me. At least temporarily it's two seven eight WIOD for Lauderdale. I know. You don't think about the whole situation. You really cute. Margate. Yeah. Yeah. Roger. How's it going today? What do you want, sir? I called you up yesterday. I told you to shoot the dog not to burn. Yeah. Well, I have bad aim. Miami. Oh, yeah. And Neil. Yeah. As first I call her long time. Listen, listen on a section D on the front part. Did you get piss at the birth for that? I didn't $50. I'll play that there was at the him. Why? They did your read that. No, so we've already had 74 calls about that. He means about to the Stonecramp. Yeah, listen. I got one more week. Where's I'm leaving for our Boston and our kitty to go. I can need the case of Buschbeard. Yeah. Okay. Good. Let's stay there, sir. Just stay right there. One 30 at WIOD. We have an opening in date. 751. Mung. Okay. 751. 9463. High Alia. Good one. Okay. Well, I must have been John Brunelli. Okay. He's taking it very hard. Land Tana. It's time. It's time there. But it's time there. John is right here. Yes. Yes. I like to commend that didn't make this morning. We're done. It's concern. You know, he's he's a sleeping pill. That's right. You put people to sleep. Why? I've lied. You're listening so much, sir. No, I don't listen. I don't listen. No, no, no. How do you know? How do you know that if you don't listen? Have you already was psychic? No. Then how do you know it? I'll listen on and off. On and off. You're a closet listener. You know, if you have radio accidents, no doubt. If you had something good, and I will tune in, but like tiny, like tiny Tim. Maybe maybe. But what do you mean maybe he was on yesterday? See, you don't even know. You don't even know because you won't give them a chance because you're just another one of these parents. No, no, no. Another parent. Let me ask you something. Did you like Steve came? No, man. No way. Well, what the hell do you want? I want what do you want, Alan Burke? I want something. You're a real something. What the hell do you want between two and six? You do spag? Something and you'll pump him. Yeah, I'll give you something entertaining. Only you wouldn't know what to do with it. It's 132 at your friendly station, WIOD. We have an opening in Palm Beach. Go back on the raft and go back where you came from. You idiot. I'm glad you said. He just washed up on sure that idiot. Just just, even when they come in of a roadboat, they're right on the phone immediately to the talk show is bitching and complaining. Okay. They don't even have a green card yet and they're already bitching. Chase, let's go to a lot of hell. That was a real stone lover. I knew. Why don't you guys go back to INV. They probably pay you more. INZ sucks. They're okay. Very bluntly. INZ sucks. Their management sucks. The company that owns it sucks. Other than that, it's a great radio station. Are you guys a great keeper? Yeah. Okay. Good call. I was Tim Williams Jr. No doubt. Maybe he's seen the light of day. A little too late. Tim, okay. No, come suck it around now. Don't send your underlings calling now to try to beg for us to come back. Okay? Now they put down defractions. Maybe they'll put in on it. Yeah, there you go. Their audience is so geriatric that they can't even reach over and turn the dial. That's why they're listening. Okay. Except the course for the four people, the four guys out there who still think Arlene Ross looks like Jiselle Fernandez. Okay. Boy, I got news for you. Yeah. Yeah. I know. They're working on Mount Rushmore. Okay. And Arlene has been sent out there on Special Assignment. Okay. 133 at WIOD. What are you giving me a name? But is that all? Who do you want? Is that all we have? You kind of content? Do you want Dary to the sick? That's our poll question ladies and gentlemen. Is the Saga continues of what the hell does this town want? And when will Mike Disney figure it out? Because the quote management here at the Isle Dreams. We don't know what the hell to do. And we never did. And I like that kind of refreshing honesty. That's why I enjoy working at WIOD. Where are executive supervisor of sports? No, it's nothing. How about anything? Okay. 22.5 till 2 at WIOD. Here's a call in Kendall. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. You something. Do you think that there's any face that Glenn will be a guest on your so any time soon? No. Boca. I'm dying over here. Okay. Now we're picking up on that boca line. Margate. Neil. I can't believe you guys acts the bird. Yeah. The low blow. Yeah. Maybe one day you'll experience the same. Thank you. Probably. Okay. Good luck to you. They're really coming out now. Miami. Yeah. Yeah. Good afternoon. I just called to remind all these people I've been listening to you. WP. I remind all what people they're calling out to can't believe that you actually. We here we had two of those. These people now this are these are all cranks. Oh. These people can't believe that they're able to dial the number into true. I mean you have a great show way before the bird you had a great show during the bird. Yeah. It's your show. It's not really a great show. A great show after the bird trust me. Oh, I never understood why you happened but it was your show. Well, but because I'm an old softhearted sloth that's why. Let me ask a question. You were talking about that video the other day on the one with John Gordon. Oh, word and espiong. You'll see. Do you think did he have a hand in it so to speak? I wouldn't be the least bit surprised. I have a strong feeling the answer is yes. And he has great then he has great day. Oh, God. Okay. It was on the other day and I didn't think I would make it through the last hour. Okay. Okay. Thank you. See you. Well, 39 at WOD. How do you like these calls so far? Great. Yeah. Well, it was still waiting for the what's that thing you should do in the last bit. The lighting were a lighting around. Well, no, they've kind of turned to want to clock out or into a whole expansion. Oh, wait a minute. Here's a caller in Boko who says we are not idiots and is determined to prove it. We are not fools. Yeah. It's a fight of what you may think. Yeah. One, you by the sound of your voice, sir, it's you have me hard pressed to believe it. Hard pressed. Can we say that on the ready? No. No. We don't let me can I ask you a question. Seriously, do you know Ed? Because you said like, yeah, you sound like Ed Jr. You really do. We do not believe you eat your garapples in Boko's sir. We did not believe that this was planned before you went away. Yeah. Okay. We don't accept that. Okay. You want to go away? Good luck to you. No, why is that? Idiots. We are not fool. Well, judging from the sound of your voice, the rest of the audience can make their own judgment. Let's go to Pembroke Pines. Can I hold for death, Comforita? Good luck to you, sir. Boy, I tell you that sounded just like Tim Williams. Pompano. Neil. Yeah. Hey, good. I want to congratulate you on the food in the bird. Now, that's on that's on kind. No, no. Let's say it again. Listen, the bird deserves his own little cage. Exactly. It's on thing. That's what all his sick of fans have been saying. He ought to have his own show. And if I didn't give him that little extra prod to get him off the perch and go and find his own thing, he'd have been sitting on his ass here sucking up pre-food forever. That's not right. Absolutely. Yeah. Neil, I'm not staying. Okay. No problem here. Okay. Well, he's right here. Don't talk to him like he's in a third person. Why not? Well, I talked to the other day and it was telling him what a, you know, how I really thought. And the many, many get up with me. He says, you know, he's trying to tell me a very boy. Well, I got to say this. You haven't said anything yet, but your voice has a certain tone to it. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I'm happy. Well, no, it doesn't make you a bad guy. You're probably exciting and bed and all of that stuff. But I mean, on the phone, you're a little, you know, okay. Okay. That's all right. Well, we're still put up with you. Anyway. Yeah, I want to get back to staying there. I like staying so it's crazy. But, but people don't know. It's not. No problem. Yeah. Yeah, the guy. What's the guy? I believe staying there is a problem with this, uh, it's a clock, right? I don't know what is problem. It's six that it sports the LA with it. What do you mean it six or clock? He's not honored six or clock sports talk is on it. No, okay, which is a problem. No, that's the problem. It's staying is so worried about this Joe's jackoffers in that car for winter. Joe's that car, a happy. Yeah. Yeah, that's him. I mean, he talks about his him. But get that guy. Yeah. Well, almost everybody else is. Yeah. Okay, sir. Stan was right. You are terminal. Nice guy. But voice that sound. There's a certain callers out there that have that just dead sound in their voice. Okay. Like they've been expired for years and he's one of them. And obviously, he doesn't understand that you promote the upcoming show. Like you miss. You know what? You see, there you go again. Don't pay any attention to the substance of what he said. Chase, thick stover from Ohio, Leah, you've got to be joking me, Vic. Why could I? Why would I joke you? I don't know. You have to be pulling our legs. No way. What's up? Not for me to answer that question, Vic. I was in either. I was here and we're having fun. How's the crowd today? It's an enthusiastic crowd. Yeah. Well, let's boy talk about tiptoeing through the tool of this. Now listen, here's the thing that's surreal. And you said a thing that's this morning and you said, you know, what would happen if there was five or six people, five or six thousand people out there that saturday. I think that was a 40 in slip when you said five or six, you know, watch it. Yeah, you know, you know, we're they had a horseman had a meeting today in a paddock area. And what happened? Well, it was productive and it was upbeat and the thing that stuck out the most to me was Mickey Solomoni who was a guy that really could ride anywhere. You but and a guy that could do whatever he feels like doing, he got up during the meeting and he said, you know, I'm going to go between now and there's coming Saturday. I'm going to get a hundred of my friends and I'm going to personally see to it that they come to the races on Saturday. Good. And he's great. Hey, why don't all you people do that too? And they all said, sure, we'll do that. And so, you know, what you said today this morning with the five or six, maybe even seven thousand people might not be quite just the osteo-waffing that you thought of. Well, you know, I don't hold too much hope for Friday, but Saturday and Sunday almost everybody is off work. There's no excuse for people in that area and elsewhere, including even where I live in plantation, not to get on I 75 or wherever they're coming from and get down there because now it's not just talk. Now they realize that it's now or never that if they don't show some support, there's a good chance that I'm only going to close next Wednesday, but then it might never reopen, which would be just a disaster. And certainly next Monday is the day when Caldery's dark and you have it all to yourselves over there. And if they can't get five, six thousand people to come out there on Monday and show their support. And I got to be honest, I'm not, I dislike some of the things that John Bernetti has said. The racing I grant you is on a lower scale. It's a little cheaper and so on. But I've been out there many many days as you know and it's not that bad. It really hasn't been bad. I don't think if you have four horses coming to the wire as a team, whether they're collectively worth 20,000 or they're each worth 200,000 dollars. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. It's been competitive. The prices have been good better than they should be quite frankly. And the times, I know a lot of races in 110 and 3 and 111, I'd rather see a race in 110 no matter what the claiming price, then go on and watch two year old maidens in 111, 15. That to me is not horse race. I agree. And I do want to mention by the way that on the card on, it was yesterday. The card at Calder had six two year old races, including several two year old maidens. The card at Hailea had one two year old race. Okay, and all the rest were three year olds and up. Maybe I'm out of line and saying this Neil and I don't want to get into the battle because I really am a new face on the horizon here. But it seems to me, like at Calder what they do is to serve themselves. You bet. Make sure that what is in the best interest of Calder is what is applied in the draft. You bet. Here we're trying to serve the public and we really are trying to serve the racing fans. They come first and foremost. It's not a story. It really is the difference between the two places. I don't really owe any allegiance. There's of course I'm an allegiance to Hailea because I'm employed by them. But I was never in the middle of August and I'm just sort of an innocent vice-nander watching it and it's clear regardless of anything else that the people at this place love Hailea and that they love the racing and they don't want to see something is important and something with as much tradition as this place die. Yeah. And none of us do. Well Hailea, you give me a little inspiration because I thought it might be kind of silly you do push for Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. But I do think it could have an impact if the people can show Mr. Brunetti and show the rest of the public that there are enough folks who will come out and have a good time out there and spring for a few bucks and you know just have a great afternoon that that might have an effect on the overall outcome of those meetings next week. I'll tell you what here's a little bit more inspiration. Anybody that's listening now, if they want to come out and join us on Saturday or Sunday, show up and we'll open the gate and come in. Great. Come in, please. Outstanding. Absolutely. Okay, we're going to push the hell out of it. Okay. Thank you, Vic. All right. Bye bye. It's Vic Stilford who doesn't outstanding job is the PA announcer at Hailea and the really is terrific. And how can you be that? Free admission for everybody of all ages Saturday and Sunday and then Monday of course they run on a post and don't let all of that jazz about the next Wednesday's meeting interfere because this and also the other way to look at it might be your last opportunity to get out there at Hailea this year or maybe even ever which would be a tragedy. But at least if we have a real good turnout maybe get 456,000 people out there and get a handle that'll bring back some of that money that's been lost. That might go a long way in the whole all the attitudes that develop in terms of what comes out the next Wednesday's meeting. That would be terrific. Okay. 147 at Wiod, speaking of racing tonight and I know I'm going to be up there plunging my guts out. Poppetal hardest begins another big week of exciting racing with 13 races nightly so you have plenty of chances to win and plunge your guts. Make your plans now for two special events at Poppetal Hardest this weekend. Saturday night the matron stakes series continues with the finals in the $136,000 to year old open pace. Beach towel winner of 10 out of 12 races this year leads a field of nine to year old paces in the Saturday night final and then on Sunday night bring everybody in the family to poppetal harness for the special Sunday night edition of Great Hardest Racing Sunday night there's free admission for everyone so you can go right from Hailea to Poppetal Sunday okay with all your winnings and deposit them there and there'll be 50 cent hot dog Sunday night and 50 cent soft drinks plus you can register win one of $300 shopping sprees to toys our us or a 25 inch color TV no purchase necessary entry blanks and contest details available Sunday night at the track Poppetal Hardest just west of i95 in south of Atlantic Boulevard in Poppetal Beach don't forget racing tonight through Sunday night this week with free parking till 630 posttime nightly 730 p.m. at Poppetal Park stand major now a new start radio 610 WIOD if you missed the last show you miss this right tiny tiny tiny tiny little okay some of my this is you want hours on here here the next stand major show this afternoon at 2 on new thought radio 610 WIOD this holiday season specs music and video blows the lid off gift prices come on find out for yourself pick up the latest Columbia Records release from Billy Joe storm front 699 LP or cassette 1199 on compact this and for the same low spec price pick up the rolling stone deal we are a rolling stone's records release or check out the latest from Bob Dylan oh mercy a Columbia release each just 699 LP or cassette 1199 on compact this had specs music and video 15 locations from T West and the Palm beaches including all of the Americas specs at 125th in biscayne and North Miami and specs in the South-Dade shopping center specs blows the lid off gift prices this holiday season the new Gordon's dolers got to New York Christmas wish Gordon's got it all this Christmas Gordon's got the list Gordon's got the jewelry you're looking for yes Gordon's got the rich for you with use selections and low low prices gorgeous gold fashion diamonds dazzling jewel and fabulous fashion jewelry and that's not all Gordon's got 10 to 60% off selected merchandise store wide get it now for Christmas and pay later with Gordon's no payments full marks 90 to first monthly payment plan no payments until 1990 has store for details Gordon's makes it easier to make your Christmas a happy one use your gorgeous credit card and get the glist now get your Christmas gifts at the new Gordon's cause Gordon's got fashion styles Gordon's got huge selection Gordon's got low prices Gordon's got your Christmas wish Gordon's got it all got some new gifts because after all if there's not money in it anyway it's 151 a Wild that's great news everybody can come in a free to highly a Saturday and Sunday and then maybe you can build up to a crescendo on Monday and just you know make a point show something which would be unusual for this town but the you never know lake worth okay 150 to excellent excellent choice Miami yes yes must be the new one speaking this is me this is it oh well i'm a first-time call of great and and you're listening to yourself on a radio oh and then i really enjoy your show i think it's it's it's very nice show yeah and i listen to it every day great and okay thank you have a great day okay she just getting a great chocolate hearing herself on a radio which is great it gives her kind of a little tickle so to streak north Miami Beach bye bye birdie when you let us it really hurt but maybe now though why's up and put on Allen bird okay Allen bird did you hear that one okay good one for Lauderdale okay long god good job here Marvin Marvin course getting ready to leave starting about 20 of one a boga well okay no more singing leave the singing to Steve's guests okay stands good look at this a nasty poem here some men strive for wealth and fame and some squeak out a living some men toil to the sun goes down and some leech off others giving but there are men who stand tall and proud who's home really is his castle and then there are guys like Tom Denenberg who's still the world's biggest asshole excellent excellent job probably get a Pulitzer prize for poetry let's go to pop and oh you know what the goddamn problem with this station is yeah okay let's do it let's wear it right on the line okay let's go to a four-laterdale yeah I missed the filthy songs in the font and I didn't hear okay let's go to and you know something he is still there mr. Hallendale he's still there that's the guy who used to sing yep yeah I'm serious that he goes back to INZ that's three solid years and he wouldn't miss a day never is it nope Miami yeah good afternoon yes sir you don't suppose that the maybe chilly it'll be starting looking over shoulders now that the glan is gone there you go there's a good thought boy yeah get the glan on there and have Dennis William American have the bold and the ball or something yeah oh well great thoughts sir call up channel 10 immediately oh well I don't think they listen to or sooner okay West Palm Beach I do it Neil great great decision hey probably's a person but does I thought maybe I could give them a invitation last of the bird do I think you know the how come there's all his feedback on your phone oh it's a bad phone I guess I wasn't gonna call back under that a line but I don't think I had time what kind of a phone is it how does it like a decent chance made by redwood what kind of a supositin minister on yeah something like that or chicken noodle went up yeah I'm gonna give a bird laugh for all this impotizer oh wait a minute let me see what I did with that card I put it away because Chuck Myers said it was in poor taste but you know Chuck he should go might as well in business basically but um I had the other way to here I go I got the loop just a second okay okay we're ready I'll be honest with you I think the worst thing that happened for glan is when they put that cart together because Disney discovered you know for 50 grand a year and he can have this cart instead now what would you do okay which to choice would you take okay so I think that could have been really the uh strather broke the birds back South Miami hey there yes sir you're doing real great well I'm glad the birds gone I don't say I'd like that though because he's sensitive any emotional like all my other uh and he lives down the block from me does he really you know where he lives yes sir he lives in a really strange place you know I kind of like in a preserve it is it is it is great but the nice area no anyway um God from his cackling back on uh data to boxing the news why it's decision you whoever made it I made it to riff it I'm taking four responsibilities I don't want to put it off on somebody else well that's good off we may have you well listen aren't you going to go over do a visit him and console him and call out you I'm not really not absolutely not we were going to take the uh with our own jury over for lunch but we decided you're brutal okay the girl with neighbors like you he should be in good hands see you right wow they are brutal aren't they yes let me say it again fifty thousand dollars okay to cackle I I ordinarily I don't talk about how much people make and that's slipped out but I think that that should amplify to the audience that's why used to say to him he had the cushiest job in the history of the business sit here read the paper eat free meals every day cackle a little bit and go home right at two o'clock not lift a finger to do anything that's a pretty soft job and a lot of people said that was the best job in the history of broadcasting look at Chuck Meyer he's got that pistol lifted don't do a chuck right to his temple in fact he's on his way to temple right now he can't believe it that kind of money to sit around and cackle and then he really did he had it great and he didn't realize it well I take it back then go ahead keep playing the car well now that we have his permission ladies in general we have to get a car that will let's spit up when you start talking about the cubs yeah there we go yeah I'm good one that starts making girdling sounds when the cubs start playing okay anyway that's just about going to do it let me give this to now did you have that depressing news for me what was it now come on you can't you're the worst yenta I have ever seen in my life what was it was it about the bokeh line what was it about give me a clue well look at this whoa wow and it comes in here what was it about oh you're gonna he is gonna tell me in a couple of minutes hmm boy look at this boy there's something going on here I reached looks like he just swallowed the canary or some other bird and Nick is sitting in there through the glass giving him a look that would kill even manson would be terrorized by the look on next face which is not unusual but what can I say okay anyway let's see we've got the committals house get those checks in the mail make them out to committals house c a m i l o u s in fact Scott Chapin are various student production guy over next door is going to be putting that all together tomorrow and so those cassettes should be going out any day if boy yere ever comes back okay so you get him even ahead of christmas and honnacle this year which will be quite a quite a change from last year when rich was making them one of the time on his wire recorder and committals house neorodges w i o d m i m e three three one four one get those checks in the mail and even if you can't afford the twenty bucks for the cassette just five bucks or ten every contribution helps we'd like to top the forty thousand that we raised last year we got a long way to go and the other thing is highly up they'll be open Friday and through next Wednesday and this Saturday Sunday and Monday we're gonna really hope to get a lot of you folks out there and show a little bit of support in the you know go mortgage the house sell a couple of the kids or the dogs or whatever and come on out okay stand is all warmed up now we've got him smiling he's ready is in a great frame of mind and i'm sure that'll stop about two fifteen but the stick around now stand is next in the course sports talk Hank is gonna alibi tonight by giving that bum story a couple of nights ago why his information is lately so bad and we'll see it tomorrow morning at 10 here on six ten w i o d