So, thank you so much, sir. It's a 10-07-W-O-D. What is that? Word. Hi, Jay. It's nice to tell you. What in the world are you doing in Pompano? Well, that's where I'm residing lately. Uh-oh. I don't know for how long. But, uh, he's funny that you're talking about Miss Daviolis. Because I hear, uh, good friend of mine told me that it's a good possibility that Daviolis is my daddy and drag. Oh! Oh! And, in fact, if you're saying it's just one letter in her name or name, yeah, Elvis. Debbie Elves. That's right. How about the damn? How's my buddy Stanley T. Dawn? I bet she's probably a eaten too much peanut butter and Anna. That might be the problem that she's got. Stands doing just the same. Do they have the baby smoking stokey hit? I saw Christopher over the weekend, each day I went up and saw Stan and Lori and everybody. And they have everything to find. Quite a neat kid. Yeah. Seven weeks old. Hopefully I get the same soon. Some day, he's not. I also hear that the black elders called here a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. I'll be sure. I'll be sure. Amazing. Amazing. Yep. And he said, I'll be rich too, by the way. Yeah, that right. Yeah. I also hear that Ted Bundy got out of the chair yesterday at 7.16 in saying, hold your phone, hold your phone, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Well, he really are sick. You know, too many appearances on the major show that'll do it to every time. For sure. Well, thank you very much for letting me out. How's DJ doing? Not that we want to hear from her. I think that was, you know, we're curious. Yeah, now, hey, wow. You know, in the old days, we would hear from you. And then we would order them out. Yeah, you're from not you know. Let's not push our lock open. Not just from DJ, but from every other Jay there was. Yeah. But you all have to remember that I was the senior junior. Yeah. Maybe you want hear from Dr. Vost Jr before the end of the show. Dr. Vost. Let's hope not. Dr. Vost. Well, those were the days where those were the days. Yeah, no wonder that show is an omelette. It's good. Hear your voice, pal. Thank you very much. Take care of yourself. Thank you. 12 30 and WIOD. We have an open line in Broward where Elvis just hung up at 524 9463. 524 and WIOD. Whatever it is. Anyway, it's 132 and WIOD. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the red. Oh, for spurs, boy kitty kitty, gave my cat fell in the red. I got out of the ladder and that climbed up to my bed. I saw an interview that my puiss was hooking west. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the red. Oh, for spurs, boy kitty kitty, gave my cat fell in the red. But all the home by the home, what she pushed, she did she jump. And then what the kitty had that pretty as pussy that fell in the red. Then ever was a pussy that could quite compare her. Pretty had the picture with her long and so different. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the red. Oh, for spurs, boy kitty kitty, gave my cat fell in the red. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trade up there. Never let her wander her or she might fall in the red. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the red. Oh, for spurs, boy kitty kitty, my cat fell in the red. Well, well, it's 133 and WIOD. 1221. If it sure tell that was one of Stan's old colors, 21-page noon at 610 WIOD. Yeah. Yeah, I think it was another fade-in. I was tired of being a Mr. Goodbyr. So when I saw him, he was hurt. Yeah, I think it was another fade-in. I was tired of being a Mr. Goodbyr. So when I saw him, his Hershey's stand-up in a powerhouse on the corner of Clark and his family, I whipped out my wopper and whispered, hey sweetheart, how do you like to crunch on my big hunk for a million dollar bar? She immediately went down at my 60 row. And you know, it was like pure, all-mjoyed. I couldn't help but grab a delicious mounds. Because it was easy to see that this little twitch platform read the hot. It was all like a zoo to hold back a sneaker in crackle. It's my butterfinger when I first packed little kickkits. And she started to scream, oh, Henry. Oh, Henry. Soon she was fondling my Peter Paul and Zagnets. And I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my milk. Does clear the Mars and gave her a taste of the old, milky way? She asked if I was into Eminem's. I said, hey, chocolate, no kicky stuff. I said, look, you little read peas. Don't be as the role. Be a lifesaver. Why don't you just take my watch in my collar and slip it up your bitter honey. Ooh, what a piece that juicy fruit she was to. She screamed, oh, crack a jack. You're better than the three musketeers. As I ran my ding-dong upper rocky road and into her peanut butter cuttle. Well, I was given it to her good and flunting, when all of a sudden my starburst. Yes, look, wouldn't have it. She started to grow a bit chunky and complain of a wringly inner stomach. Sure enough, nine months later, out popped in baby roof. Call 23 a WIOD. Well, well, uh, 10-0-4. This is my good Jackson. Oh, I can't stop. Tell me stop, tell me hit me on the back. I can't stop. Oh, help me hit me on the back. Oh, oh. All right, you can't find channels. Now we go back to pyramid, okay? And my mortgage on my back. I'm 35, a CPF, a jogging during white wine. My wife's got a part time job, but the buck she spends her mind. Diner's clothes, knives, lawn, masquerque, man, dollar, and ex-go, and his hobbies. We're in debt. We're in debt. You bet for you. That's my call that we can get. And as well presents in a thousand and about a room or two. And when they build another mall, we'll have the perfect view. And if these shops and kids shall grow free, stores are sold at restaurants. And much more, more, more, more. These bars move each two. And we're cultured. There's lots of food. We've got two kids in private school. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We see the folks that said her days. When I'm not late, Swash, well, record ball actually. It's always new. So, how are you? How are you? You did cool. And I was at the muff. What do you buy? What do you buy? I just got the time. I'm dying now. Please, yes. I'll go buy and back. Once a year, we don't care where. We always take a group. A duty free shopping street. Or two, the street. And a boost. We make love. Tuesday. More the do. We love love. In the sack. Or jammy. On our rack. Our furniture is from modern age. Just like mom and dad. Or we see, are we by wholesale the quality? Dad, who are you? All our friends. All our friends. Think like a thing. Like a metronome man. You're real, you're real. Our cars. Our cars. We bought new. I'm in the minds of people. Love. Oh, you. Everybody. Ha. Ha. I love to go on motor range. West art can't go dry. And as I go, we can't go and fly to be alive. I can't go down. I can't go down. And do they can't go back. And do swear can't go swear. And do they? And do they go back? And do that. I'm more killed on my back. Oh, but so long. Channel five. They are going to rerun the tape of yesterday's city commission meeting. Someone gets through either by mistakes from Nick or because they can't you. And they get to you. And 16 to Wild. I feel like we started so far behind it and we're never going to catch up. Everything's fine. So a Brian, thank you so much for the Valentine's Candies. Speaking of that, all the Brian needs a lobotomy differently. This guy's not all there. Micronary past this along to me. It says, a Georgia veterinarian says Valentine's Day candy, especially chocolate maybe poisonous to pets. Dr. Mark Grossman of the University of Georgia warrants pet owners to keep bond bonds. Or other Valentine's Day treats out of reach of their dogs and cats. Grossman says a large candy bar. About 10 ounces of milk chocolate can kill a 12 pound dog. Guy. He says it's a big problem because do dogs love chocolate. He says two basic chemicals in chocolate caffeine and theo bromine can over-stimulated doggs nervous system. A dog poisoned by chocolate may have an increased heart rate. The restless vomit have seizures or going to a coma. And kind of cylinder what happens if you leave them at home alone during the sandy patenshow. Especially the part about going into a coma. But anyway, it's 10.17. I'm going to keep that in mind about the 110 ounce candy bar can kill a 12 pound dog. Because the golden retriever is not 12 pounds yet, but getting there closely. And the next time he does a little number, now I've got to be honest. They're doing pretty well. They really are good. Puppies have a short memory, but if you can make sure that they're bottom understand what it's all about. Anyway, we got a lot of mail here which we thank you for again. I'm just so far behind. I'm never going to catch up. Okay. Is that all right? I promised I was going to read this article anyway. This is a Rogers radio show to be monitored. Is the headline, Sun Sentinel Saturday, October 24th, 1987, which is a year and a half ago. Okay. Okay. Okay. The date County State Attorney's Office will begin monitoring many a Rogers show to see whether the controversial talk show host is violating state laws covering obscenity, child abuse, and cruelty to animals. The state State Attorney Janet Reno ordered the move after a complaint from Carl Gables' lawyer Jack Beat Thompson who was a sale the sexual content of Rogers show. I think we ought to move on real Rogers every way we can, Thompson said. Thompson told Reno that Rogers broadcast includes soliciting sex from minors and urging children to put cats in microwave ovens. Rogers and outspoken homosexual often makes sexual comments about boys and plays the soundtrack of gay adult movies on his Zeta Morning Show. This week he suggested that children put cats in microwave ovens, but quickly added its just a joke. Reno said her staff will determine whether the content of Rogers shows violates any laws. If it's decided he is broken state laws, he will be prosecuted, she said. The talk show host did not return repeated calls to a station for comment, but during his six to ten a.m. broadcast on Friday, Rogers told a caller we can't discuss it. Sandy Borer, the broadcasters attorney in a first amendment specialist, said Rogers has done no wrong in Warn Thompson to stop interfering with the station's business. There is no basis for Mr. Thompson's arguments. We are going to have Jack Thompson paying my client money if he keeps this up Borer said. Speaking at a meeting of the co-honest club of Miami on Friday, Thompson called Rogers obscene and said he wants him off the air. Oh, sure. Are you that sentence again? Would you please? Speaking at a meeting of the co-honest club of Miami on Friday, Thompson called Rogers obscene and said he wants him off the air. The co-honest appearance where Thompson asked 50 businessmen to join the war against Rogers was part of his step-up effort against the top rated talk show host. Thompson said the battle will be three pronged encouraging the filing of criminal charges continuing civil suits against Rogers and pressuring his sponsors to withdraw their advertising. Passing out a list of sponsors and Rogers show Thompson asked co-honest members to write the advertisers and demand they cancel their ads. He called seven sponsors heroes because they had pulled their ads. During his talk, Thompson cast himself as a defender of free speech, he accused Rogers of being against free speech for anyone who dislikes his show. And it goes on there's some other paragraphs here that in which you mentioned Stan Major's mentioned but not many important. But I think it's pretty interesting because first of all the data this is October 24th, 87 to give the audience an idea of how long this wildness has been going on. And secondly, that one sentence, you know, here's an individual, a constantly claims, oh, I don't want to lose his job, I don't want to cost him his job, I don't want to get him fired, I just want him to obey the law. And it says here, unless Mr. Nevin's miscoded somebody, it says that he called the show obscene and said he wants Rogers off the air. Which anybody with an IQ of over three would be well aware of because that's what this has been all about. Sure. So I just mentioned that in passing because it's part of all the cuckery that we've been having to talk about the last week or two. And the number again for the facts machine for those. And I notice we've already got some interesting stuff. By the way, Dasi quit wasting our paper, okay, on the facts machine. We don't need, she has sent 15 pages of mong the last two days, cut it out already, Dasi, okay, and that's the 333 lady. All the, you could see the stuff that she is sending, which has nothing to do with anything. Please honey, quit wasting our paper on the facts machine. That's expensive stuff. The facts number is 757, 7516 for those who want to send their letters to support 757, 7516. Oh, look at that. The book just came apart. I'm telling you, what is it? It's going to be a day. Oh, geez. A whole copy book just came apart. And then speaking of the copy book coming apart, sharing informs me. I don't want to get her in trouble, but sharing informs me that our general manager was in here yesterday, throwing a hemorrhage because there was some stuff on the floor, you know, some coyote. The media is sick and it's not badly. It's 11.05 at WIOD. The Witcher 2 MV AB always ... I'm the most peculiar way The crudest guy I've ever heard I'm the sweetest And throw his tears and spell his name When he jumped on the death of a train I was causing you to be a little sound And racked it down, made a big mistake Crash lands and living in the shoulders Waking it in good time But it's not to be around But it's not to be around But it's not to be around Little captain, they behind the fence But it's not to be in the mind But it's not to be alone But what it's worth to all of you I'm the sweetest And throw his tears and spell his name The crudest guy I've heard I'm the sweetest And throw his tears and spell his name When he jumped on the death of a train And I was guilty of you with you All the old queen knew And everybody loved me And I knew And I knew And I knew Yeah, I didn't hear the big mistake All the things were fresh from Hyundai But he left before the final life was fresh And he thought he'd be the biggest From all of the blue hairs Never liked his song To hush the road From the blue hairs And you're feeling good And you're feeling good And I knew And I knew And I knew And I knew I knew And I knew The count's no cause of the fear Crout came out, most people knew The meeting's three so hard And no point in making me The resolution ended bad But I asked who really can't But me or one said to me And I quote Is that rose man And all this game They don't really mean the thing And they don't fight It's just a shame of mine This will just add better No more The number one with a bullet On 6th wiedoui Incredible 45 and the steve has professional wrestling. Can I finish my service? Can I finish my sentence? Can I finish my sentence? Let me say it again. The most of the story is centers around pulling the ads for my shows. It says quoting Johnny Taylor, we're going to meet with President Foot Hopefully. The ads can be pulled from the show see you're like Mark. You're just like Mark Theoroff. You don't want to listen. There are no ads on the show for you of them. First of all, let me just clarify. We are not. Did you hear what I just said? We are not editorializing against WIT. What are you doing then? What are you doing? We are writing a news story that a lawyer of the community wants the university to pull to pull what? Well, the ads off the show. That is a story of the idea. We are not. To do what? To cut it to affiliation. To end it to affiliation. Well, that's not going to happen. WIT is 200. Why doesn't it say, why doesn't it say in the story? I'm going to put you on hold. I'm going to put you on hold. Because you're a very rude young man. I'm trying to have a conversation with you. If you want to try to out talk me, that's never going to work. It's never going to happen. If you want to have a conversation, even though we disagree, I'll be delighted to do it. Are you trying? Are you there? Yeah, you hung up. What is that saying? Okay. Say a lot of the phone. Doesn't want to have a call. So you started to say he wants them to pull and he was going to say pull the ads. There are no ads. So you see my good friend, Mr. McQuery, or whatever his name was, you've got a non-story. And not only that, why is it you don't tell the public the rest of the background of this so-called local attorney who's so influential and so important? Why don't you tell him about the hate campaign that he's been running for the last 19 months against Neil Rogers on three different radio stations, okay? Because this is an editorial. It's not a news story. And I guarantee there are plenty of other individuals in the community who have written letters to the president of the university or to the trustees who said they don't like this or they don't like that or whatever it might be. I'm sure that those didn't always make it on the front page two days by the way out of the last week of the Miami hurricane. When one individual in a community of four million doesn't like this radio show. But the fact that I can't even have a civilized conversation with you and choose all the questions I need to know about the Miami hurricane because he said he's editor and chief. He said he speaks for the whole newspaper. So you know what? The Miami hurricane can stick it in there, okay? Or any other place it'll fit. I wouldn't waste another minute on this radio show. I wouldn't waste a minute of my life with the Miami hurricane. Would you kids over there know about responsible journalism? Would you know about fairness? Would you know about this radio show? Would you know about broadcasting? You could fit in a fimble and have room for the whole U.M. football team left over, okay? And coach Johnson's heir. It's been more perfect. Yeah, he is really something we need to locate two people expired and proud while we played that. But that's okay. You're five, two, four, W-I-O-D. And that's a special personal dedication for me to all my dear friends at the Miami hurricane. You kids really know your stuff, okay? He wants a public, pull there, pull there, pull there, what? I'm afraid of what he might have said after that, okay? Pull there, add. Isn't that what you were going to say? Pull there, add. Guess what? There aren't any adds. Don't confuse them. I'd read it from the story again, but the story isn't 20 pieces in a waistband scan. I think that we wasted an hour and a half. Now that was one of Nick's greatest public services was getting him on the phone. That was we must commend it. That was a heartily for that job of letting America hear what kind of youth we're dealing with over there at the hurricane. Okay? And again, I don't want to smear all the students at the whole university with a hurricane mentality, but that's just... Maybe it comes from the newsprint, okay? Like if you inhale enough newsprint or something, the ink gets to your brain. A sweet water. Hello. I know. Yeah. I've always liked that song, but it has never been more apt. Aw man. I thought it's your fit right in there, especially with Ed that little insert on it didn't permit. That word great. I have an observation about that attorney. He claims that his attack on you is because the special in the R&DL and language content in your programming. Yeah. Why then isn't he going after DZL or SBM for the nighttime movies at the show? Because this is really a homophobic campaign. So it's got nothing to do with the language or any of that other. It's the fact that there is somebody openly gay on the air who expresses things that other gay people think and gay humor. And this individual can't deal with that. He wants all of us to go back into closet and collar and live in fear and terror of people like himself. I don't doubt that at all. Value ID or D-night. Can I... Any chance you show up with the little support? Tonight, no, I can't be there tonight, you know. I would but I can't dive other things. What a drag. If... But I'll be glad to be out there one night next week or whatever night, you know, I don't need a golden invitation. I have my university pass and I'd be more delighted to be over there. I'm sure that Ron Fraser be tickled to that to have me there. I'll write it down because now world that will be there to back. Yeah. Okay. Another thing is... If those two individuals at the hurricane are examples of... The higher education, I guess, that they are supposedly getting it. That university, we are in bed. Bad. Good point. Yeah. Amen. Thank you, guys. Okay. I'll do it. 1133 at WID and now the phone is beginning to thin out. I guess that's the... That's probably the highlight of the day, right? The one we've had already. Two open lines in Broward again. Two four, WID, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Anything on the facts machine from you, then? Yes. Well, this is a recent U.M. graduate, which I'll read this letter momentarily. So, as those Broward lines both light up, okay? Hmm. I'm not settling with this half-assed mediocre response that we've had all the rest of this week, okay? Previous four days this week, you folks have been like in some kind of an semi-coma. And that will not be sufficient today. I don't see...there goes one. Okay, not too exciting today. It was a little bit of excitement there for a while, even Palm Beach. 1133, I wonder. All right. Now, when you get your hands off, we'll have more sexual harassment on the job attacks. If you don't know, you're very low. What? Go through round. It's 1137 at WID. We have an open line in Broward again, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. And I'll tell you what. If we can't keep eight lines lit up, the best way to do it is get them all on a hold and then leave them there. But we do have...we gotta get this Palm Beach call because it's somebody motivated and they've been waiting a very long time. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Listen, I have a question about this guy from the Miami newspaper up there, the one from the... I'm not...wait, wait, wait, wait. Miami newspaper? Yeah, not the college newspaper. You're a university of Miami newspaper. Miami's got enough problems with the Harold already, but let's not...let's not voice the hurricane on them. Okay, the Miami hurricane. The things that he called spots, you said they're promas. Yeah. Who pays for him? Nobody pays for him, they're free. They're free and he wants to ain't them off. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to explain. They are free promotional announcements to promote the fact that we're hearing the game, to get people to listen, to get people to go out to the game. And then he stabs you in the back. Great. Well, I'll tell you. We're promoting it. And he's a fact that he claims, well, this is a big story. This attorney wants to the university drop into association with WI. So what? Does that make it a major news story? I don't think it makes it a story at all hard, you know? Jesus. Hey, he's a bonehead, what can you say? That's the kindest thing we can say that is correct. Hey, listen to another thing. I went down in the brick oven the other day. It's great. Yeah, yeah, really good. The ovens are wild, huh? Was there any there? The Ernie? No. Oh, okay. I was talking about the ovens that they cook them in. I'm just joking with you, sir. It's okay. All right. A little joke. There are some people got it. Have a wonderful life pal. All right. Thank you. 21 till noon at WI would be. Here's a letter. Or finally, our facts number by the way, should I give it again? What do I do with it? Give it like Larry Kim. That's my favorite. Well, it's on one of the pages of this article that I tore up in the Shrine. Right. She oven five, she oven. She oven five one six. That's our facts number. She ovens up. I do. There's desk on the... ...and the scrapbook feeling at that day. in a graduate program they wanted us to learn how to do research not just how to become better journalist. I knew several classmates who left the program because they would not conform to what some professors thought was the purpose of a degree in communications. Trust me there are plenty of UM students in the journalism and broadcasting programs who don't believe in doing things ass backward. But if you are the editor for the fish wrap as was affectionately referred to in the hurricane, you can do no wrong in the eyes of the faculty. Unfortunately most of the people are really new how to write for a paper had better things to do than pretend to be a newspaper man or woman is the case may be. While I'm proud of my alma mater and support the athletic department of other aspects of the university I do not support their recent trend towards moronic thinking. I hope to see you tonight at the game and keep out the outstanding program and humor. Great, good letter. It's 11.40 and it's a recent graduate of UM by the way. Let's go to South Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Well, what can you say about these people? My parents went to UM back in the 50s. And this was like today. I'm embarrassed for them. Yeah. While you're embarrassed to be here I guess. Oh, yeah. I was born in Miami as a matter of fact. So that's tells you how to press the iron. Yeah. Are you sounded? Yeah. That's what I had. Kind of really a combato is almost. Yeah. Well, I've been here 21 years and that's what I'm saying. Well, I'll add a step back. Well, I'll add a step back. I'd like to talk about the bumper sticker you sent me is really great. Yeah. Fat Rich is going to be handing them out at Marklight Stadium by the way tonight. Oh, really? Yeah. Have you been in Senate? Good game and good sticker. That's it. Yeah. Well, I want to thank you for that and thank you for the entertainment. Entertainment before we hear now. It's been great. Okay. Well, cheer up, okay? Okay. See you later. Yeah. Bye. Why did Sharon just give me this? What is it? It's a copy for the pizza loft. I don't know. I don't understand. It's a bizarre. It says order by 10 30 AM for free delivery. What does that mean? See, I don't want to start reading this because it's like a menu and it's like specials and all kinds of stuff. So maybe that's part of their copy. I don't know what this is. Anyway, it's 1142 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boka and Del Rey, 2789463 and line 3 and Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi, how are you doing? I'm like you. I'm not doing anything. I'll congratulate you. I just wanted to say that there's a few of us out there that have a life and we think that the hurricane is a piece of trash. It's really an embarrassment. I've talked to some really embarrassing people over the years and you know, but to talk to this kid over there who's the editor in chief of that newspaper and he absolutely refuses to have a civilized conversation or calm down enough to have an exchange on a phone and then lapses into this thing. Well, he wants him to pull the, pull the, you know, he was about to say pull the ads. But I took that out from under him because there aren't any ads and that term is referred to repeatedly and that's story today and they're on a front page over and over again the, the, the, the, the, the thrust of it or they crux to the whole thing is, you know, that this group and this individual want them to pull their ads from this show. It doesn't say anything about cutting off the relationship with WIOD. It's just pulling the ads from this show. Yeah. But the thing is, I, I went to a state university before I came down to Miami and it was on the West Coast and I just can't believe the things that they write about in this paper. Yeah. Because, you know, usually a campus newspaper focuses on some national issues. Well, listen, hey, you've got to understand it's hard enough for them to see beyond the boundaries of the walls of the campus. Much, I mean, you know, see the rest of the community is hard enough for them to see national issues would be almost a little bit too much, I think, for them. Well, I just want to say I really enjoy your show and there's a few of us over here that support you. Okay, good luck. Thanks a lot. I'm 44 in WIOD. We have an open line in date. If you move very quickly now, 75, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3. We're just getting tons of stuff on the facts from U of M. Uh, you have nothing. Nothing. One nothing from a recent graduate man. No, but I'm talking about from the university. Now, in fact, we got their number here. So they, they have got, well, I mean, there couldn't be any question to begin with. Yeah. But they've got their facts facilities over there at the university. But they're just not too quick to get involved. You see, you can't sit on the sidelines. I even agree with our friend down there and the cables. Okay, our attorney, friend, our good buddy. I even agree with that. We don't agree how much of anything else. But I do agree, you can't just sit on the sidelines. You got to take a position. And I think it's very clear here that the position should be that the university's best interests are not served by the, by bending and yielding to the will of one individual. It's been conducting almost two year witch hunt and hate campaign against me. I'm three different stations. So you can't be WIOD because when I was an on WIOD and they were carrying you of him sports and running their promos, this wasn't going on. So don't give me a song and a dance. It was WIOD. Uh-huh. That's just like the Hall of the City Commission with a resolution from two years ago. Well, that was against WIOD. So it really isn't the station. It's Neil Rogers. That's what it's all about. Don't give me WIOD that they want to cut their relationship with. Because the bottom line is if I disappeared from WIOD tomorrow, this particular individual down there would be delighted to see the games continue on WIOD. And would also very quickly forget about his problems with Steve or anybody else here. Oh, yeah. If Neil Rogers disappeared over and had to go out, you know, and work, work in selling shoes at birdines or stand out collecting dimes on street corners and going out to see brother Paul. That would make this individual happy because that's the real thrust. Just as it said in that article, I read from last October, October 87, the other day from the Sun Sentinel. He told the Kiwanas, he wants him off the air. Quote. Period. And he can deny it and he can try to couchen any other terms, but all these little brush fires that are being spread around and all the attempts to get people to sue me and get advertisers to cancel. That's got nothing to do with changing the content of the program. That's what tried to cost me a job. And cost you people the right to listen to this program. Which is the most listen to program in this community and has been for 10 years. So, you know, it's not really that difficult. It's not a complex issue. The university's in a position where they have to take a stand. The support my right to do the show and the stations right to employ people that they want or they're going to yield and bend to the wishes of one individual. And I'm very curious, since our general manager said Mark Fierroff, all the material on his individual, all the background and a special prosecutors report and all the other background of this 19 month witcher, how come none of that appeared in that other story the other day? If we're talking about real journalists, we're talking about attempt to be fair and present a news story. Oh, this must have been an omission. Must have ran out of space. This isn't a new. This isn't even close to a story. It's a joke. This isn't a... And you know something new people that they're hurricane our ad joke. Nobody's laughing. There is a U of M graduate on one. Hello. Yes, for some colonel. Yes, sir. All right, you might as well give up on the student body that's body taken position that you have. My graduate at 82 has absolute true story. When Reagan was shot, I was going through the student union. It's not like the story had been on for eight hours or anything. It just did happen. Change of class, student union was packed because you have to walk through to get to half of your classes. Me and about three other people were the only ones who were watching the news clips on that event. It's not fair to you. A lot of the people in the student union were mad because they'd taken the soap off, printed the soap with the news stories. Oh, great. It was ponders. Just... Just... The shuttle had to see on the computer. Yeah, that doesn't shock. No. Nothing would shock me. It was amazing. It got an idea for a bit for your friend, Sonny. Basically, call it Sonny's obsession followed by three or four juicy bits that normally follow the I-95 song. And close with those that smell of the tongue. Yeah, it stinks, all right. Something stinks in hell and they also have things stinks in coral geagles too. That's it. Okay. Have a good one. You do. 1148 at WIOD. As we have yet another many crisis about nothing, about absolutely positively, thoroughly, nothing. Pull those ads. We're going to have a meeting with President Foot about pulling ads that don't exist. They don't exist. I mean, this is so incredible. It just boggles the mind. You have him should be aware of what they're involved with. But they don't want to be aware. They want to ride the fence and as I keep saying, that's not good enough. Yeah. This shouldn't be difficult for them. Should be real simple. They're supposed to be adults, the people in the hierarchy over there. And I know they don't like me. And spite of what anybody tries to tell me. They never have like me. They have a like Ron Fraser very much either. And he's one of the best things that ever happened, certainly, for the athletic department over there. When the job of athletic director came up time and time again in the middle of late 70s, and everybody thought, hey, it's going to be Ron Fraser. Didn't happen. Why? Because of politics over there at the university. Oh, they're stealing them. Oh, sorry. It's for politics over there. If they were more concerned about education and less concerned about playing politics, maybe you, of them, would be a lot more well known for its academics instead of for its football team. Boy, stories I've heard over the years. Politics. I've had friends over there. I could name some names, which I want today. Me too. And if they don't like the fact that I'm saying it, hey, I've said it many times before. And I'm going to say it again when it's appropriate, okay? But whether they like it or not, they ought to have at least enough common sense to stick to university business and not try to interfere. And I try to get into the censorship business again, because that's what this boils down to. Again, just like the Hallendale thing. The same exact? How in the world can the university of Miami get involved in censorship? A university and gay bashing. Shocking. I can't. Don't think there's a little homophobia over there, do you? Well, I'm starting to. It's 11.50. 10. I'm going to take a place here. And I guess the reason why I'm calling, I'm not a hurricane or a UN bashroom, a very involved alumnus. But rather I'm going to defend the hurricane and those who have worked on it in the past years. First of all, collectively, we must apologize for what happened on the phone. One thing that we always tried to do in the years past, besides that always show our pride, our professionalism, our courtesy, the ethics that we always convey, we were always fair. And sure, we went head to toe with a lot of administrators and a lot of times they did not like what we printed. We did cover stories. I got printed more as not house. Galleria. And again, Maria for the candy, which I'm giving to you because I don't want to get anywhere near it. And some interesting mail here today, including some baseball cards, some cubs baseball cards. Any good ones? Somebody with good taste who says that they are not only the best looking team, but talented as well. Which is true. Okay. Here's Greg Maddox. Jamie Moyer has gone thank goodness. And here's Gary Varsho, Ryan Sandberg. Now we're talking. Damon Berryhill and Jeff Peaco. So Jamie is one of the Mark Gray. But that's okay. I'll forgive him for that. And they left out one of the pictures. I can't remember it. The moment the little coming to me at a second, I'll get I forget. Well, that's embarrassing. I'm not. Mrs. Scott is there with a KFRC jacket. 610. Is that 610? KFRC? 610. Well, you know, we're going to change the call. I got the card. It's really nice to make some of these. It's really Tony. You only work at stations that are 610 on the dial, right? That's the only ones that you work for. Great. Well, as the station down in. Havana, 610. 2 which we understand. It's got, so, got an application for now. See, it's quite a way to. What. They quit putting that dirty stuff out, by the way. We got the two open lines in the account. He's 75 one, 9463. By the way, I did fill out that thing and I don't want you to think that I assigned you one and I filled it out in the dogs. Okay, so you have to come on. That's a true story. I forget me another one. I was like days and days ago, but they like that stuff. They like that juicy radio stuff. Nine minutes past noon at WIO Day. It's been quite a day. We want to congratulate the Miami Hurricane again for their consistency this year. You know what reminds me of reminds me of the back in 87. When we did our Save Our First Amendment Rights Campaign with the FCC so far and we had, we did a show. And I don't want to keep rehashing, but a lot of you are probably not familiar. We did a show where we had people from all these competing stations. We had Bill Tanner there. We had G-Michael McCay and Boudell and I-Reen. I-Reen Richard and who else was on that thing. We had the people from Zeta at that time Jeff Chase. But that just Johnson and all of that made the rest in Pizzos for the days. And, you know, just about everybody was involved in that thing, but we couldn't raise a whisper from everywhere on the University of Miami campus because they're too busy playing purple huskbubby. And Bau-Wau. No, they had no interest whatsoever. We begged on here. We pleaded. We did everything on our, because you'd think that a major university right in the midst when there's a first amendment kind of thing going on, a freedom of speech, and with their own university station, which is supposed to be a little radical anyway, and I wonder why it's supposed to be in pink. But it's forget it. It just isn't there. It just ain't there. And I guess it's appropriate. I guess the U of M fits into this area like a glove because that's kind of representative of the market as a whole. Very lithartic, very apathetic, very escapist kind of thing. I mean, we're just here for sun and fun, man. And, of course, while they're busy with their heads in a sand like an ostrich, the fun is rapidly disappearing, because all these old bureaucrats are taken in way from us. Anybody mentioned anything about spring break and for Lauderdale, by the way? Yeah. Yeah. You don't, is you don't hear anything about that at all? Now, that's not even worth it. This is Rips you by the way. We don't want to. Oh, good. Oh, yeah, right. Some of this great mail. Anyway, we're just flooded with great stuff from U of M on the fax machine. Nothing. Absolutely positively. Nothing. Zero, not a word, as they say. Okay? Not a breath of even stale air on our fax machine. What's that number? 75, 75, 16 is that it or 19? Oh, excuse me. Am I ever going to memorize that? No. I didn't know. All that. Oh, there's, oh, gee. Yeah, no. No. 75, 75, 75, 16. Okay, is our fax number. Just in case there might be any of those really important people at the university you would like to express their, I'm still waiting for that apology, okay, from the university for the in temperate things that have been going on. Here's the, yeah. Anyway, it's 12, 16. And you get off the floor. I mean, there's a whole box of those there and you got to chase one down on the floor. And now you're going to eat it. I'll get the trouble. Oh, that's right. Good. Mitchell will give you what for. Good. Mitchell won't say anything. We fed him the rest of that Thai food. He and Cheryl were happy. He's a pigs and sloppy, okay. Yeah. Would you put those over there? Those aren't bad. Those are almond. They're not bad there. They're real good. Okay, just put them down. Take your hands off. Try to relax. I know you're under a lot of pressure here today. Palm Beach. Yeah, yeah. The other wonder why you run into so many of the discurbal behavior. Oh, here we go. This is one of our real good calls from Palm Beach. What could that possibly be, sir? What could it be? Let's hear it. Hit us with ballfair ulcer. Come on. Let's go. People in the elevator. But, maybe people in the ODS. Come on. Put your up, sir. You can do it. We let me talk. I don't want to hear anymore. But any more, but, so let me ask you a question. Are you listening to the show now? I, to buzz on there. You are earlier. How come? How come? I'm making sure you're some kind of person. I'm not. Let me see you some time. Oh, you're talking about your fault. Let me ask you a question. Who is a guy that the Harvey Firestein? Do you know Harvey? Do you know Harvey Firestein? There are a couple of scenes in Tertzog trilogy where I felt Harvey was going to leave the planet. I'm not talking about on a plane. I'm just talking about physically. I get that same feeling in hearing your voice. But you're just like your toe is just barely touching the ground. Is that true? Is that true? Is that true? Sir, can I say something to you in closely? In closing? In closely? See how much I'll hook up now. I can't handle it. Haven't, haven't I slide? You're pretty funny. Haven't I slide? No. I'm 18. In WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655. WIOD. Now this is going a little too far. And then on the facts, a friendly reminder. You can't spell, scum, without UM. Oh, that's. See that's not on our level. Maybe Monday. That's pretty disgusting. We do have an opening in Palm Beach where we get those award winners on at Palm Beach lines. 655. WIOD. 655. 9463. Look at that. It lit up again. That is pretty damn exciting. I'm impressed now. It takes a lot to impress me. But I am really impressed now. For a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, pal? Hi, what's up, bird? Hey, dude. What's going on? What's shaking? Not much. If you see the PBR facilities at all, ever? No. I was up in Lake Worth Beach. When you say facilities, you mean like as in restroom? It looks like a restaurant. That's why I said it. It's about a two story brown rundown building off of Lake Worth Beach. And they got there. They're this in the back with like three huge trees in front of them. They inside this dish is all kind of leaves and palm branches. And everything just really run down. Come on, he looks at place. I'll be damned. But you never know by listening, would you? I can't even pick it up if you try. I know. I hear it sometimes on my pop-up toaster. But did you see that all four weekend at all last weekend? The one? The NBA all four the best. Oh, yeah, I did see some of that. Yeah, I was pretty weak. It was like a sandwich. And it was like a sandwich game. I mean, there was no defense. That's why they scored like about 300 points pretty near. They scored about 280 points. It was pretty slid. But the thing that really, I thought it said me about the whole thing was I did. The slam dunk contest and the one that I would 20 grand. I don't know. But those slam that slam dunk stuff man. That is such hot dog crap. Yeah, a lot of the guy that teach the kids of America to be hot dogs. But then they also gave the three pointers, a 15 grand. But then at the end of the game, for the MVP, they sent a chicken. His name. To the special Olympics for only $5,000. Yeah. I mean, that's a deal. Next year, they're going to have that half time. Because people are getting tired of the slam dunk crap. They're going to have a fist fight. And the way is going to get two million. Well, they're going to be in it. Huh? Yeah, Harald is going to be referring. And it's probably getting away and getting his nose broke again. All right, you know, we'll have a great weekend. And you know, take it to you. As a matter of fact, Harald, I want you to. You're probably interested because you are an NBA fan. On Tuesday next week, Harald, Oshio is going to be with former NBA players who are really women. Have a great day. All right, Neil. 20 minutes past noon at WIOD. We have, I wonder if Marlene will be on that show. We have an open line in Brower. That's so terrific. I know, but you understand it. Yeah, that's all about it. So it's so after a poem. Oh, it is. 524, WIOD. That's that Brower number. And if you move quickly, you can feel that void in Brower. There's a void in Brower like my pothole, man, the size of red China. Here's Davian, Dave. Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing, birds? Good. Would you all have for lunch today? We had a little a Thai food from our friend Boone. From Boone. We had some of those curry pops. Mm, great. Listen, I've seen a lady standing out on the Howlville Beach Boulevard. It's only met a municipal $4 today. Not bad. You know, I think maybe better not say it too loud. There'd be a big run on it. I was kind of, I was kind of depressed yesterday when you stopped your lady college. And I was wondering, maybe we can have a lady's day? What do you mean when I stopped it? Well, it only lasted for so long. Well, that's because it's showing. I was going to show and I was going to show and I was kind of listening to my brain do you? Yeah, we had a lot of bad. Well, we had a run of bad mail call today. They've been a better behavior, but this week has not been a better week for callers. They decided they caught ladies' day. Well, if we want to, we might do it. Okay. See the way you say that, like you're ordering us to do it. Um, not, I don't order. I'm sorry. I mean, if it's for you, we'll be more than happy to do it. It'll make you happy and enrich your life for what we'll be delighted to do it. They could do that. You should ask. You shouldn't tell us to do it. Would you like to ask me to do it? Oh, okay. Oh, and one last thing. Okay. 22 past. Well, no, see that's your hand. That's your hand for governing yourself accordingly. I know, I understand that. We have an open line in date, 751-94-63-751-WI-DIM. Giving number a little more slowly because there could be some UMP-Politioning. Oh, come on. And it's, no, seriously. They like, like, one digit at a time. Here's the first one for them. So, okay. Let's take our break a little bit early now. Come on. Let's do it because we've got some really important calls coming up anytime now. Sooner or later, and we'll be right back. 25 past new to WID. We got a real dilemma now because we've got a payphone and palm beach. We got a mobile in Miami. And we got a U of M-Stune among our callers here. Those three are like, maybe we should put them all on the same time. Should we do the mobile first? I guess. I don't why keep doing that, man. I should have learned my lesson, but I'm a soft-hearted slump or mobile phone. Hello. And you? Yeah. Hmm. Thank you. No, it takes a good show. Okay, well, that was a show when that's good. Okay, the payphone and palm beach. Hello. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Yes, sir. First time caller here. Enjoy the program tremendously. Just had a little fire report for you for J&O. I was wondering if producers imagined that the process was last week with Lee for dessert. Was that a chance? Well, I understand that, but I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon and condemn him because I have nothing but contempt for those police, so-called sweeps, where they interact with the Johns and I think that is one of the most disgusting excuses for police work. It's like trapping fish in a barrel. And I'm not going to add to the guys the problems. Okay, he's got enough problems already. No, no, no. The other item I just said in La Casa, I went through Canada. And Renoir came down for a week with us and spent a whole time behind them, leaving tips and restaurants. They go out of the booth first and we come out behind them, laying more money. Stuff trying to keep up with them. Well, congratulations to say much needed service, believe me. It was, we also went to the pot there in Lakeworth. Yeah. It sounded fantastic. It really is. Do you have the chocolate? Hey, exactly. Sure did. Well, no one of you sounds so happy, sir. Okay, you have a good weekend. Great, thank you. Bye. Okay, here's our UM student on three. Hello. Hi, Nail. Hi. I'm Nail, what's your problem? That's what the hurricane, I read the article that you were referring to. And I find nothing wrong with it. It seems to be more statements, more facts, than it does opinion. Yeah, do you're reading both sides of the story? Yes. You are. Are you reading both sides of the story in that story? Yes, I am. Where is the opposing side of the story? Where is it awarded? It's not opposing anything. It's presenting facts. No, it's not presenting facts. Did you hear the conversation I had with the editor of the paper before? Yes. When you called up the paper and made a sound like he called you hours before something not. No, we didn't make it sound like anything. We said, Nick had him on the line. I didn't say we called us. Well, he didn't want to be on the air. Well, and then you called the you asked for the heard. And I didn't say, are you going to do the same thing? Pardon me? Oh, wait a minute. Originally, are you a student at UM? Yes, I am. Okay. Anyway, let me go back again to what I was trying to say if you're listening. Unless you want to try to emulate the behavior of the editor of the newspaper and get into a shouting match. The bottom line is if you listen to that conversation, there are not facts because the UM doesn't run any ads on this program. And it uses that phrase repeatedly during the story. That's the crux of the whole story. Hello? Yeah, I'm here. So what's your response? Yeah, what's your advice that was? It just seems that you know, you guys overreact or everything. All your words about UM are always negative. No, our words are always negative. We don't promote the baseball program. We don't promote all the other sports other than the football program on the show. We're not. So that means you'll be a WIRD tonight tonight. Oh, I sure won't be there. No. What does that have to do with it? I broadcast the games for six years in the Alps in the bottom of his. That means I got to be there tonight. No. Are you going to be there tonight? Sure, how many of the games do you go to? Everything will be. Well, congratulations. How many of the rest of the student body attend the games? Well, they've had an average of 10 into the book. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not talking about the average of 10. And I'm talking about the students. Most of those people who go to the games are not students. Now you know that. Don't you? Oh, I say, why is that? It's because the students don't support the university. That's why. So don't point the finger at me for the problems of the student body. Why not look into mirror, OK? You might learn a real good lesson. Oh, boy. Was he that affinity of UM still assuming he was UM student? Unbelievable. He really has. That's the fact that just a little fact. Yeah, right. 29 past noon. You see, when you give them that thing about the fact that there are no weds in that they're free promos, they have no response. They're bad. They don't seem to exist. They just are making gutter old gurgling sounds. How can we prove it? They don't seem to buy that. They don't seem to. It doesn't work. Hmm. Anyway, it's 12 30. And let's move right along. So excited with those, well, two of the three were real winners. Aren't they? Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Oh, I'm doing. Hey, Glenn, how are you doing? Great. I'm also, I could change the subject for just a minute. My chair. Yep, a little bit. Now, 12 30 a Wild. We have an open line in date at 7519463 751 Wild. Boca. Hello. Yeah. I don't get a chance to get out of half too much anymore. But I was wondering if the students at the U of M were uniforms. Well, maybe they ought to. Brown ones. You know, it just seems like a few years ago, or I can remember when communities were trying to censor college newspapers. Yeah. And I've never heard of a college newspaper trying to censor a community. Or at least a radio talk show. And you there? Me either. I was just saying during the break to Glenn, I was saying I can't imagine students at NYU or Columbia University are getting together on their university newspapers and writing costs to comments about the Howard Stern show. I mean, that's just laughable even to think of that. I'll read just totally outrageous. Oh, yes. I'm not out of material. Okay. Maybe the editors in sheets of the mega of the, how is this paper there? My art consider one of his options of resigning his post. No, no, he speaks for the whole paper, you see. So he says. Well, that's kind of an embarrassment to the school. Yeah. I was anyway. Have a good life. Bye bye, Neil. Bye. 1231 at WIOD. Let's go to, let's see, we did Boca Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yeah, I wrote Neil. Yeah. Yeah, how are you doing today? How are you doing today? I'm doing today. That's great. I have a first on today. Can graduate on your big victory over Aaron Dale. It seems they're back and down. Yeah. How long Dale is history? Aaron Dale. No, no, no, no. That's good. And we should rock in your campaign against UN. I'll say it. Well, wait, I don't have a campaign against UM. All I have is a campaign for them to get on the stick and start being fair. They're going to print something. Then print all of reality and have some idea of what they're printing. Instead of just trying to sensationalize something that isn't even a story. Right. Another thing I tell you a lot of people, you know, they were criticizing you. You know, they'd bring up these things about the bomb threats and things like that. And they over pray. You know, they don't bring up some of your humanitarian act like we did for the harvest. Well, don't confuse them with that. I mean, what's interesting to me is they haven't had any know about as much about this show as they know about brain surgery, which is virtually nothing. And in the meantime, they're writing all these articles like educated scholarly journalists. You know, just a bunch of punk kids who haven't got any clue of what the hell's going on. And I agree. And I don't like to hear egg is, you know, regardless of what people think. You know, I enjoy your show. It's a radio show, sir. Just another radio show period. Right. All it is. And I don't think anybody has the right to decide what goes on there with thousands. When a bunch of university students decide that they come on to come down on the side of censorship and attacking people's right to do a radio program and entertain the public, then we got a real problem in this community. I agree with you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I caught my boss at do you spank in there. Go right ahead, sir. I've been thrown in your do you spank? Okay. I second emotions, sir. Have a wonderful weekend. All right. Thanks for right. Okay. 1233 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward, 524 9463 and in Boca, 278 9463. 278 WIOD. If you want to fast, delicious experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he sought the press and assessor with Jack Kennedy. I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy. You know what I play that? I'm sure you were going to ask. Because when I think of the average, the typical UM student, I think a Dan Quayman, how to immediately come to mind. That's just the end of it. I don't know why. No. Good to be wrong. Hollywood. Do you know what we are? You were a Vemeline. Hello. Hello, they're. Yeah. Yeah. Man, you know, I'm a student. I see these articles and the lawyers, what's this deal? We've got a personal vendetta against your work. Yeah. It's a totally confusing to me, but any UM student, I'm usually confused. That is correct. That's good. That's what they want to do over there is confused. You and obviously you worked very well. You ought to be like a model student. Don't really sit right there, and I'm on the edge. What is your major sir, basketball evening? Actually, I'm, uh, I hang out like the hang out with a tenacity student. So I'm an engineering student. Oh, that's good. So I'm basically far to stage. I feel like a doctor. I'm about the same. You know, but I just got a time at the hurricane staff. Yeah. I'm a little bit too bad. I'm a little bit too bad. I'm a little bit too bad. They're really animal bags. All sweet. A little bit of a meal. But this guy's, we ought to send his father Alan Massingheller to the ten. Definitely. He's our real dude, Seth. I totally concur with you. Well, listen, your material was great. I know you're out of it. Have a great week. Okay. Okay. Give Mark a big kiss for us over there on the news paper. We have an open light in date County 751-9463-751-WIOD. Maybe we're, we just, no, seriously. Maybe we've been under a lot of pressure. It's not understanding. It's a comedy. It is a comedy paper. Don't you understand? It's like, it's like the National Lampoon. It's a comedy. It's a set tire. No. No. It's a non-story. You remember the non-group? The non-group? Don't you remember that? This group of self-appointed intellectuals who sit down Alva Chapman from the Harald and all of these other. Don't you remember that big story a few years ago in the Harald? They printed it in their own paper about how they sit around. They decide what's good and what's bad. The metal does the metro rail and the non-group. Maybe this is the non-paper. There is some hope for the Harald because we did have a call from Mr. Whipple. A little while ago he said he likes the texture and the flavor of their story and maybe they ought to get in touch with him on that fact machine. Miami. Hello. How you doing? I felt maybe you could hear from an FI-U student. All right. Now we're talking. Let's get that Wuffy radio thing on right away. You can only pick it up on campus. It's pretty pathetic. When you mean only picking up on campus, you have to plug your brain into the wall and get in order to hear it. Yeah, well, listen. I was really glad to hear some new M-Bash and going on. They deserve it. It is irreversible. It is irreversible. Everything I say in about ten times more. I do have a couple of friends on the hurricane staff. They're going to be sorry when Wuffy radio is broadcast to you and football. I'll tell you then. I just want to let you know in case you didn't know that the hurricane is paid for by the Harold. What? That their production costs are paid for by the Harold and that they lay out in print the paper. They lay out? Yeah. Don't say lay out. Well, lay out. You know, they put together the paper there on the Harold premises. I'll be damned. Yeah. So I know if there's something. That is an incredible revelation. Even in the Bible, there was never a revelation like that. They know you don't like the Harold. No, they're my favorites over at the Harold. They're the best. If you're in the Harold, you know what's the department there. So part time. You do what? I work in the fort department there part time. Are you serious? Yeah. Well, let's go. Why don't you start printing some sports like things are happening in America. Okay. That would be a good start. Okay. Okay. Tell them I said hi. They're big fans of mine. Have a big closet audience over there in the Harold. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye. What's going on? What's going on? That's why inspiring minds read the Miami hero. Is Maurice Farey really having sex with an alien from outer space? It's in the house. He's following Hawkins the true mother of the elephant van. It's in the house. John Kennedy's sleeping with Matt Hepburn. It's in the house. Is Tim Baker about to get birth to Jerry Falwell, baby? It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more. The old is in the house. Well, scary heart amazing. Right, die it from far. The crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own guilty surprise is just for us. I'd post no letters to Neil Roger. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't wrote a bloody thing all day. My list is definitely rhetoric. And Paul and the ladies, this you are. The Miami hero, available at supermarket, checkout counters everywhere. And we're finally new to our friends. Do you know that Johnny Carson is tab-calorie, baby, to stay for them? Which you're that? I read it in the toilet. I'm sure he's beautiful. And want to know, if you know, there's a place just six feet under the earth where you go when you die. Great, and get mad. I picked it up in the toilet. Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week. Princess died gave birth to a 65 pound showhorse. John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super new diet. Fertil's dating Johnny Hingley to make lunch out. I'm sleeping with Joan Collins, and I don't even know it. Where'd you be? It's the toilet. But National toilet. Put a quarter in the sloth and real white food world's values. Prop 49, it's been in a four-block radius. Well, you got to start somewhere, right? Exactly. We're up and coming for the space. That's what I keep telling Joey. You got to start somewhere. I guess we're up and coming. And uh... So to speak. Okay, well listen, stay tuned. Oh, yeah, there's mercy. Handle, she called you. Oh, I'm here. She called you, uh, reference you going to London. And she was going to call you. Yeah. You remember that, mercy and candle? Mm-hmm. Okay, here she is. What's that, you? I'm here, mom. Hi, Neil. Yes. Well, I'm going to pretend behind you. Well, it's an accident. Well, we're excited. I'm going to call you next week from London. Okay, we're looking forward to it. All right. Have a good time. See how the queen forest. Okay, I'm going to put me on the hall, please. What? And you put me on the hall? For why? About an hour, so. I am here being putting our home. No, no, have a nice day. Bye. Bye. Wow. You don't have your yet. Are we? Oh, chicken? Mm-hmm. I'm so nervous. Which was what you were going to be surely about. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. We're waiting on the air again. There's bubbling. There's bubbling. I bet you tired of listening to talk on morning video. I asked the bishop tired of listening to that homework sexual speed on the air. This is the queen, Malina and the morning. Every three days from 7 to 10 a.m. On WUFI 530 a.m. University Park, most of my amage. I'll wake you up to the best progressive test to offer. Mm-hmm. Wouldn't they a rebroadcasting part of our show this? They weren't. Now, I wonder why the monitor isn't concerned about that. No concern at all. That's illegal. Hmm-hmm. Violation of FCC law. That's right. Now, we are the apparent when we're talking about it. Because it happens all the time. It's common practice. Mm-hmm. But, you know what they say? There's something called consistency. I just don't see too much consistency there in the monitor, you know, I see. And anyway, it's ten minutes past WUI-O-D. and we want to tell you if you're a sports fan. Well, if you don't have the sports channel, I just wanted to say that because I really enjoyed the album. That's all. And I wanted to take it a task on one thing because I hear you guys and like a fan, and a listener for years. Uh-huh. Well, let me say, oh, you've been a listener for years, but if somebody is trying to get me off the air and somebody is lying about the intent of what I say on the air, you don't see any problem with that. We should just sit back and let that go on. Yeah, what's the plan? It's the man of slandering you. Yeah, soon. But now, that's what we're doing, sir. I heard Jane talking about how he called you a self-hating home of sexual and self-hating. Yeah, I'm not acting. I'm not acting. Boy, I heard you say stuff like that all the time. You lamb asked the great people. That's not what we're talking about. That's not what we're talking about. And if you want to take the time to sit down and try to understand the difference between name calling and between twisting the intent of what somebody is doing and accusing them of criminal activity on the air, then maybe you can understand if you can penetrate your skull. Well, that was pathetic. Now, what do you want to turn the lights out? 117 at WIOD. Let's go to Joe in Pembroke Pines, hello. Hey, new. Yeah. How's it going? Oh, well, after that call, God only knows. I'm always following more on. What a call. I mean, he's entitled to his opinion, but he's another one. Don't confuse him with the facts. We're interfering with somebody's first amendment rights by trying to get them to stop slandering us. Yeah. Another hell of a week. Yep. Listen, I know it's pretty late in the week, but Monday we have no school, so can you do like an hour of student day? Oh, whatever you're like. Yeah, probably you were student day would be great. Not you, a van. Say everybody but you of them. It's a big, a president's day, right? That big holiday that we all, Oh, yeah, it seems Buchanan's birthday. Oh, Jenny Fleck, you know, and I always get so worn out, you know, celebrating president's day every year. Almost as we all do. Yeah, I'm just always a basketball player. And in fact, this probably not going to be anybody in school Tuesday, because of everybody getting smashed over the big celebration. Well, I would think so. Yeah. That's a good excuse. Yeah. Well, that's how it is. That said, I would go around. Yeah, come around. Okay, Neil, have a good week. You too. Thank you. Hi. One 18 and WOD. Here's a interesting thing. It says, to Neil from number one listener, caught one hour of the show during lunch, and knew you wanted a fact, so here it is. And it's a, it's got a drawing of the newspaper. Yeah, that's what I knew's paper. It says, the Miami Hurricane, and the headline says, scientist baffled over university stupidity. I like that. No, that's you. Yeah. Okay, well, we've really had some good cute stuff on that fact machine today. It's one 19 and WOD. Here's a mobile and broward. Hello. No, okay, good call. Excellent job. That's the way we like it and broward. Short, sweet and right to the point, baby. Five, two, four, WOD. Miami, hello. Yeah, uh, watch this birthday Monday, right? And then, uh, watch this grandma's birthday. That is correct. All things have been, I don't forget about Washington's mother-in-law on Wednesday. Okay, yeah, the second cousin is on and then a guy who made George's second pair of wooden teeth is going to get in. Yeah, we kind of dumped that, you know, pal. You know why only cousin was you. Only cousin was you. We have an open line in date county, 751, 943. That's the only reason. Just because it was him. I'd let it go for anybody else. But for him, I dumped, I did special. Okay. Just so that he didn't sneak it out on the air again. Because he's such a wonderful guy. You know something, he just can't go away, can't he? Got his air every single day. Just dying to get that out of his system. And we hope you do. Maybe the proctologist could help you get it out to one of those snakes. Anyway, let's do a little break here. Okay, while we ponder a couple of these last balls to show. This is our big one to two hour course. The real good stuff starts to settle. Like sediment right to the bottom. Okay. 120 a W I O D. Okay, whatever you say. 137 a W I O D. We have a mobile in Broward. Hello. Hey, I'm from the Ohio. Do I do it? Hey, we're doing it, pal. Yeah, listen. I've been listening for years since you're down here at the cat. Everything else and what that he did. In all seriousness, as far as this radio thing goes with this wacko. You've got out there. Aren't you somewhat concerned about your personal safety? Yeah, like that. Yes, I would narrowly am not. But in this particular case, I think there when people become very fanatical about something, they become unpredictable. And I'm not going to accuse anybody of anything specific. But it just does make you a little bit uneasy because it creates an atmosphere of hostility, et cetera. And that's not a very pleasant atmosphere to try to function in. Yeah, I would think so. When you go back, I didn't see the movie and I heard you and other people. Well, no, I'm not, but that movie doesn't generate any concern in me. It's not that, but I have read the book. I've heard first came out. And you know, when you've got a wacko like that out there, that's beyond the rest of the rest of the. Okay. You know, anyway, that's all I enjoy the show. And I just wanted to book my two senses. Okay, appreciate it. All right. Okay, one thirty eight, those are the opinions. Of course, of the color, we have an open line in Broward five two four WIOD. I was going to play this then I saw we had a mobile. And I went ahead and put them on, which was I guess, I guess, was a good choice, right? I guess. I guess. I'll go for God. But I'll take more calls or what do you think? Wait, my, my amy, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. That guy that wrote in the Miami hurricane about you. Yeah. Well, that guy's right, man. Yeah. And we want you to face it. Everybody in this town hates your guts. Yeah, that's why you're listening to the show right now, right? That's why this is the number one show in the market because they all hate my guts. Right? Well, I hate you, but I love, I love you. That's your sense of humor and everything. Oh, but you hate me personally. Yeah. But you like to show. But you like to show. Yeah. Okay, that's all right. We have an open line in date. Seven. You don't have to, sorry. You like me personally. As long as you like to show that's all that counts. Okay. And, you know, just the fact that you happen to be a jackass, we can't help that either. As long as you like to show, we love you. We hate your sin, but we love the sinner. Uh, let's go to Tamarack, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I've never called you before. There's two points I'd like to make first. I'd like to tell you that I should push it completely. Well, then you shouldn't be living in this town because if you listen to the last caller, sir, nobody in this town supports. Well, just be the only one. That's because there's a jackass lived in the town doesn't mean the town's no good. Uh, you don't throw the bathwater out with the baby. Yeah, that's right. That's what I'm going to do. That always save that bathwater out of the town. You ever need to be the guy? Well, there's two points you really would like to make if you'd allow me to. I'll take it. You don't like that at the animals. Trail resource center. They'll really like that. Go ahead, pal. Anyway, I really defend your right. Uh, so freedom of expression. And that's guaranteed. Our God given right under the Constitution of this country. Well, we start censoring people in America. And we start losing our freedoms. Yeah. Too many Americans have died through too many wars to allow Neil Rogers or anybody else to speak freely. And they've given their blood for us. Well, you know, we can really, so we can get really emotional. No, no, no. I try to get emotional. If I really, if I really, it's a very simple thing. There's nothing going on in this radio show that is illegal in moral. I don't know. I don't know. Just a radio show. In fact, that there's one individual in the community of four million people who are attempting to deprive us here right of doing it. They don't sound rages and unacceptable. Okay, Neil. I'm trying to make a point. I don't disagree with you. Okay. But I'm trying to make a point. There are people all over the world, including people in America that are trying to take away freedom of speech. And our freedom to live our lifestyle. Yeah. And as we see fit, we're not imposing that on other people. And other people don't have the right to tell us how we want to live. You can, you live your lifestyle the way you want. That doesn't mean that I don't have respect for you because I disagree with the way you want to live. Or that I have less respect for you because you say something that I don't agree with. You know, this business, and I heard you mentioned it earlier, about this business with the I at Tola. Yeah. This guy has now put out such a word that the biggest bookstore in America refuses to sell a book. Since when can we allow someone from outside our country to determine inside America that we have now lost the freedom to read what we want. Yeah. Well, that's kind of a lunatic. That's over there in our hands. You've got in the hell and Dale trying to do the same thing in our country. That makes him a very dangerous man. There. I know. I can't allow you to continue making the characterizations with language that you're using number one. You're getting all carried away number two. And number three, I wonder where a lot of these people were when I was doing my heavy shows. My serious shows back in the days of the Reagan right wing witch hunts when they were burning books. When they had kids burning phonograph records, when the ultra right wing born again, we're involved in the same kinds of things that the I at Tola is about. You see the films of them burning the book, the students throwing the books in the fire. That's not thing any difference is going on in this country last eight years under Reagan. So where the hell have you people been? But anyway, moving along, we have an open line in Broward 524WIOD. I'm going to caution you about one thing. If you want to start making slanderous characterizations of anybody, whether they're friend or foe with this program, I'm going to dump them and I'm just not going to, you're just not going to be on the air, okay? Because that's exactly what some people out there would love to see happen. And that isn't going to happen on this show. So if you can't control yourselves and have a reasonable conversation without using those kinds of adjectives, then I just not going to be on. Because I can't afford the luxury nor do I want to, that kind of rhetoric going on. 524WIOD. You know, we had Boon coming with Siam's doll with Typhood and we had the candy that was said, I mean, you know, see it's, no matter how many times I say it, it just doesn't stop. Okay, and I realize the people mean well, but it's just got to stop. It's got to stop and I had a great talk with Lyndon, so... And my losing my mind or what? Did he say what I think he said? Deep dish pizza? Anyway, what was I saying before he came in and started to sell a bit about deep dish pizza? I was just talking about food. Yeah, about food. You know, I keep, we go through this a million different times and it just doesn't do any good. And I keep trying, it's like unless you just shut off the floodgates entirely, there's just no stopping it. Okay, so that we just got to shut up no more. The filive lost all of the weight that I need to lose on the neutral system. There's just no more coming to Walaamaniere period. You'll have to bring your little sandwich. You're on notice. Okay, your little public sandwich can handle that. You can survive with that no more. Non zero. Not exceptions, not a little bit, not a lot. Non. And I promise I will luck you on here shamelessly and big for food, at least not very often. Oh, God, here's a U of M. Grange would a former rich kid who sends us a thing. And says it's a shame that you chose a couple of assholes at the Miami hurricane newspapers and Excuse to vent your own anti-U M venom. Apparently Ron Fraser is the only thing you like about U of M. It's also a shame you're letting all those anti-U M callers out of the closet, so to speak. It must be a slow day for you. I mean, U of M. Grange would hurricane club member and U of M fundraiser. And don't appreciate your knocking down everything we've been trying to build up over the years. U M already has a bad image problems without your help. Ponderous. I don't mean to be apocalyptic, but come on, Jose. And then after all of this, love you anyway. Jose. Jose didn't even sign his last name, so it becomes totally meaningless. Jose, it's just another bunch of mong. But during this whole four hours, we never got one meaningful transmission from the University of the Bangs zero. And, you know, that's the kind of thing we're getting. A lot of defensive paranoid response from over there. And, you know, we've had a few reasonable calls. Basically, the bottom line is that most of them over there are two stupid to understand the point we're trying to make. Okay? That's what's going on. Defense. Miami. Hello. Oguniel? Yeah. I hope that you and the bird have a nice weekend. You've got a ponders, ponders week that you had. Yeah. One of the worst. And I'm as a very chronic listener, but a first-time caller. I must tell you that we were several of my friends who are listener. And we were anticipating the meeting. We weren't going up the raise any trouble. We just wanted to go there in support of you and sit there. But the reason I called, I want to tell you blue hair story from Venice, Florida. That night they take the dumpsters, the garbage dumpsters, and they padlock them now. It's brand new. I've never seen that before and thought that might be of interest to it. One fifty-three, a WIV, they just can't can strain themselves, can they? They just can't try to control themselves. I don't know. I just assume, Philly here with the sounds, the last six minutes. I even took that sound of the machine. Who do you want? Oh, a Daniel. Hello. Yes. Neil. Glenn. Hello. For a time caller, I'm a, for demographics. I'm a three-two year old special woman. I love you, size. You make my take. Please. I look forward to you. And I think you're fantastic. And you know, you serve a purpose. Yeah, we serve a purpose today. I respect you in this hour. Like a human battery. I get a little bit of a purpose in the way of the other. But I really enjoy you. And you know, it's just, it's a real shame that people have to. Well, see, I'd like to go back to doing a radio show. I would very much like to go back to doing what we do every day and some fun games and playing our bits and doing our stuff. And I'd have to constantly be bogged down every day. There's another little brush fire and another soup, stupid story. And I'm not just, I'm not going to do what I've been forced to do for 19 months. I'm not going to ignore them. I'm not going to be slandered and be twisted and maligned and distorted and the intent of what we're doing here. And just sit back and ignore it. Isn't going to happen. Well, it takes all types out there. As long as there are people over there, including the upper echelon at the U of M or two Spimeless to take a firm stand on this and tell us, God, take a flying leap somewhere in my disown business until that happens. And I'm going to continue to respond. And Jose can be upset and so can anybody else if they want to. But I don't take any of it back. The U of M is is embarrassing in their lack of lack of involvement in the rest of the community. They're lack of progressive thinking. I mean, it's like a knee under thaw bastion over there. Well, I just want to say I respect you. I think that if there are problems and unfortunately, you know, if you're probably just point two, but I hope it all works out there. Okay, we appreciate it. Thank you. Okay, let's go to Boka. Hello. Hi. I did a couple of comments on that lawyer, pal, and I do mean pal of yours. First of all, I like to say that with him doing this, especially for 19 months, shows how insecure he really is about himself. That's why he can't handle what you or anybody else has to say. Well, I don't know that, but there certainly must be some reason, just isn't ordinary for anybody to spend almost every waking moment of every day involved in some kind of a vendetta to try to get somebody off the air. It's not the kind of thing that most people invest their time in. Oh, I agree. I agree. And I think if you give him a hand, Neil. Okay. Have a good day. Thank you. 156 in WIOD, Miami. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yeah. Hello, Glenn. Hi, Glenn. I'm your big fan of mine. I am. Yeah, this is big fan of yours. Yeah, this is Phoebe. God. This is my real voice. Yeah, well, I always wondered about it, Phoebe. Now the truth comes out. I just want to write your almost like Billy. You're almost as good as Billy Tippedon. You've been a fool in the public for a long time. Not quite. So we've got a few years to go to catch up with Billy Phoebe. Listen, Neil, since Glenn likes me so much and everything. You think you can give me a job over there with me? Oh, yeah, you can probably be his sidekick. I'll get you better than crack of something that came in to do the renearies show. Oh, dumb thing. Oh, crack of something dummy. Yeah. Well, I'm filming a new movie in Helen Dale that you know, I'll let you guys come right and watch a night of the living dead blue hairs. Part two. Part two. Okay, well, congratulations Phoebe and say that all your friends at the free free time's high for us. Okay. Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. How you doing, Neil? Hey, it's almost over. I know, listen, it's over for all of us. If you go, listen, my son called you this morning from making. Now, should I get him set for my son, call me a douchebag? No, I think you should be honored. That's a rare honor on this show. You better believe in listen. If we can't have a lap and these people can't damn relax. What's going on, Neil? Yeah, what is going on? What is going on? That's what Marvin Gaye wanted me to fight out. I was going to fight out with that. I spoke to him. He called me last night. Was that Marvin Gaye? Yeah, yeah. Well, that is incredible. That would make probably a lot of fair and all those other stories. Inside Story, Marvin Gaye called you last night. Go right. He didn't call from making either. Well, long question. It's a call from the same family considered chronic in the same day. Yes. We can't do this then, right? No, not never again. Today we made an exception. I just wanted to tell you, he really did. He's got about a thousand kids up there that listen, I send up tapes. They love you tape. They love the show. And you know, he's so full somewhat. So I'm a douchebag. I enjoy doing this. Well, that's good. We're seeing what we're doing. It's just in case things don't work out here. We're starting to cultivate audiences around the rest of the country. We'll listen. I'm sending, I'm sending another tape up to my daughter who goes to Statesburg. So we're going to get another Legion of Fame going up there. I'll never believe it, but I was there in Statesburg once upon time. They have that diner there in Statesburg. You know the... Yeah, you're here. Statesburg, Georgia. Yeah. Right outside Savannah. Yeah, I've been there. You're kidding, but he got a great football team there. Well, let's not get carried away. Okay, you have a good day or whatever. We'll have a great day and thumb it to get you down. Okay, happy Easter. All right, buddy. Have a nice, you do one. Thank you. Okay, well listen, that's thankfully and oh, God is going to do it for us today, boy. This seemed like only what 70-80 hours ago we sat down here this morning. The water again, thank the people of University. I said the overwhelming majority of the calls we've had from you, I'm students and the hurricane people have been on a scale of one minus 10 billion. And what can you listen? You don't have to be good in life. Just be consistent. And that's what they've been today. Really consistent, consistently paranoid, insecure, and don't confuse them with the facts. Speaking of that, Dr. Gilbert Holloway is going to be the guest of the steam can show. This ought to be really something that will knock your socks off in 2-6. And then at 605, it sports talk until 720 Joe is going to be a Marklight Stadium Hanklby at the Miami arena. 720 to 720, it's countdown to the canes and then Wiod, denite at Marklight Stadium at Terricaine Baseball, or Hurricane's in Tennessee. And old watch his name, Mike Winnerial throughout the first ball. Have a great weekend. We'll see you on Monday morning at 10 here on 6-10 Wiod. Thank you.