Let's go back to some more phone calls request for bits here. Got a hold on for a little um, be patient, okay? Oh, me Fort Lauderdale Oh boy But just in a neck a time if these stories could only go on you know You know you'll have a genitals. Yes. Let's talk about that story Are we are we allowed to well we can Stand around it. Yeah, we can allude to it and look when it gets too dirty do like disco Oh, yeah, the crowboys Come on Feeling full back Well, the names well to the names Herman and beans Robby me I can't rub any thought and a prime person some semi famous female radio personality on love 94 Who does afternoons on love that poor But you're in back on the button So the allegations are they're not allegations. It's fact The allegation where you dare for this presentation plan No, I like you see the video grand then she has personally dubbed portions of her husband's Private life show You know With the name of my cock you can say anything. That's true. Hey remember Anyway, they were in the bean Herman and beans and beans. That's a great idea. Cocks were when the now Oh, you and fit I remember that what a great story. We got to Pittsburgh. You know cock And of course Pittsburgh is a fairly Uptight town you live amidst all that sweat and the cold I have a favorite. I don't mean to interrupt you. I did interrupt you. What you got to tell them the whole story that the now people sued Cox for using the name Cox on the radio Yeah, what yeah? It's not a good idea So they finally asked him They said great Would you please give us your name he goes Donald Walter Cox? And I'm on the radio and the judge said can you prove that I said burst tiff could be all right? He's a case this minute That I heard that years ago I heard that sweat forgot about it for the suckers came from because immediately after that That's all another story. Yeah, it is folks We canner and I've been worried if if 1975 Tanner and I got on an airplane we had about four hours notice That we were going to Pittsburgh on a Sunday night. Yeah, it was fun. Yeah, we got it with us 80 degrees here and it was like 12 inches of snow on the ground there and We've only been there a few days and the radio station was on the mezzanine at a Cospon building which is a right downtown at five points The corner one day, you know, we'd heard all these stories about how dirty Pittsburgh was and Did it I ran I Everybody was it was crossing the street had black foot On their four went and I ran into Tanner and I said I'm booking I'm out of leaving I'm leaving right now. I said this town is so dirty people I have put on their for it and I said take a look at me He said it's ash Wednesday Story I swear All right Here's the bird land hill I keep all the time Just open the mic one they can hear all this chaos going on on on me so I really yes well little tribute to uncle Neville where is he or what he was from florist go there tonight right tonight cuz you've been wrong but so long baby I'm right I don't have a new job he's the valet cart theft and more combination value look at that boom box y'all got a size and I come we don't have a boom box like that they don't need a boom box here WOD you're playing a bay jam well they are now they were playing me so hungry the one you did with your formalized job there it is very sexy dude but what I really want right now is a whole lot of food but we they need your not 20 he says no point in the cause of friends cuz me so hungry oh me so hungry well look who did it well look who did it this one I know what if I need to get out so they can yeah we are eating by the way from florist you can't tell bird and that my mouth is going to be on a platform now we've made this famous this is what this is what we're famous for I've got an answer question that I've been longing to ask from florist you off the air some going to ask you on the air right oh what is it like to be on the radio with Neil Rogers four hours a day well Bill I'm very honestly tell you like a test for colon cancer I'm not going to be on the nation how can I improve on that look at I possibly say to talk about it it's not painful it's not painful it's just uncomfortable very seriously Bill it's something everyone thinks they can do and I have encountered in the last few years in extreme amount of jealousy everyone thinks they can do it everyone would love to do it just sit and just hang out with Neil and Neil's sidekick what does he like as a person to see off the air like he's not on the air I don't know if people think they can do it because I call it I'm a Neil fan I'm a Neily you know I think he's great and I don't know Neil off he's a wonderful man off the air I really like him personally he's the most fair person I've ever encountered the guys out of town let's work on him he's also very very bright and I for some reason Bill have the ability to do that you know I know how not to bug him I know I know how to do it and you learn over the years I have a video tape after show you of Neil doing a radio talk show on channel 51 television he's sitting there going are you going to call he was doing issues in those days yeah I remember the old 51 I wonder if people listening to the show realize how much guys like Neil Rogers have revolutionized talk radio they put emotion and audience back into talk radio because this I mean remember folks back what when I first came to South Florida which was I believe right after the hurricane in late 1800s we're 26 years we came in a long boat yeah we were outside from which I was I remember the WKAT God bless their souls whatever they're doing now was the only talk station in my illness and no one listened to it had very low rating and then these guys got on WNWS before it went to sleep thank you for your presentation I was already dead you know did cast for right the late 70s you know for you folks listening was a guy who was the first manager of Y100 see the guy who picked up and picked out that chat carpeting yeah carpeting and the ugly it's carpeting of any radio station and he personally stained it right in the corners but it was a pretty dead place for talk radio yeah please guys came along started raising hell and the latest chapter I guess is what's in the paper today about the Neil's been successful in his lawsuit yes we're not going to talk about that we don't talk about that no we don't talk about it the paper we can yes I know it does but we're not but we're very happy about it and you're right and I remember the old WNWS late 75s came to town everyone in town listened in WS they were incredible yeah the company owns them now bought them because they can figure out how to get that success themselves and it's a book they've ruined it no it's radio books well you know what better place than South Florida to have talk radio you know because you've got such a triemic culture going on here and you have animosity speaking many different books yeah yeah but I think five miles north of Fort Lodderdale's Georgia so I do think that I hear a lot of times ragging on radio in South Florida and the area is whole out of it's an act but South Florida has great radio I mean compared to New York and you talk about dull radio New York has dull radio you know they're conservative boring dodgy yeah this is a totally unique environment South Florida community with people arriving from all over the world and we've got to satisfy the taste of people who've lived everywhere it's not like if you're in one community say Indianapolis where people grow up with that Indy's mind set here we've got a billion different mind sets and it's reflected in the way we drive as well we all learn how to drive in different places you know it's madness out on the road as a dad is here in the radio studio nobody knows how to drive here in the rain I say yo now look here woman you can't be all my child you look up bad means you know it's on the cow and said you got some more these biscuits and leave that to honey my apple cause me see how we reflect the community what I want to talk you about is just that because and I want to be the one director of community affairs and what else and general nice guy it's not like I don't think oh well go ahead another one take your business and then when you come back I want to talk about making the arisen rap star I was right you need to go to the I'll do the back great and come back now we're getting somewhere we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be all the time oh well you can get that your favorite spank watch it with respect no you can't but we're trying to work work on that that's good I like it there's ways to make money tyrants there now see what I'll think about Neil is I first of all he he large kind of heavy the boys he Jewish like the beets boys right he read so he probably got some gold you know got some gold around his neck so I was thinking you know we changed a man named to MC Neil R you got to be a DJ you got to be a DJ you got to be a DJ I even wrote a little rap song here with I just I just had a with me you know check it out someone that's the real I just got to be the badest tall host and all of my amy I got bigger ratings and all other talkers the most of my listeners are using walkers from a team brand from MCC and I have a me and I have a me and I have a me and I have a me and I have to do to get rating in e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e adjusted that power 96 was actually the same record. You see that's played over and open we just take time out for a commercial drive. So there it is. He's so hungry. Order 10 pieces. I said yo you got a tapeworm. You at my good Lloyd. Oh my bad it crocker. We're back. Yeah yeah. Right player. Going down. I'm kidding. I can't believe we need an even piece of laugh of that fucky old wing wing. The ball was so much worse. The rumbley. She said my appetite is large. It's a great. I don't need that hungry. I can't. I've been playing this for an hour. We're still in to the end. I'll explain to y'all. Listen who James shall we. James shall actually be one of y'all. Listen because she like this. Uh, uh, how could I say this? What she used to be a stunt double for Mr. Ed. A horse-based woman. And you had a relationship with her. I'm wondering how. Oh, my. I'm a woman. She's very large. Well, what explains your relationship? It's kind of woman that she, uh, desperation. You know, get a great big bottle of caulgon. If you make love to it's like being on a waterbed. She laid out and takes a while for the motion to subside. I'm kind of like right out the thighs. You're going to win today. You guys. She white caps on a woman's house. Whatever you eat. And there are mild markers. And right. The woman has speed bumps in her bedroom. If you want to hug her, you've got to use chalk. You start and you mark her. We want to round. Now, Tyrone, will you tell us about your call the Larry King? And when you call me. Oh, oh, yeah. I think it's what nobody believes Tyrone. Yeah, nobody believes this. I can't figure out why I can't. I can't always tell the truth. Yes. Yes. And that's all. A moment of silent prayer for that, please. Say, lady, uh, maybe Nancy on the phone over here. I was. I was watching Larry King live one night. And Nancy Reagan was on that. Shamelessly. I think he was looking at book. My burden. Yeah. My turn to get Ed meat. Yeah. So, yeah. All right. Or who have been the blood? John Reagan. That's right. By half the regular administration doing time. You know, she's there. And the other half should be. They have to do a reunion to her. She got to clear it through the parole. The A material is out. So anyway, John. John, that's what happened. I said, I wonder what Ed's doing these years. And to 20. So I'm sitting in the hallway. Anyway, Tyrone has been a ten as I did. I can't take credit for it. So, Tyrone was sitting in the hallway. He called up, said, Nancy Reagan on me on that shamelessly. Pugging her. Tyrone has been a ten as I did. I can't take credit for it. So, Tyrone was sitting in the hallway. He called up, said, Nancy Reagan on me on that shamelessly. Pugging her. Tacky book. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a real funny. Won't you call up and ask her a question. So, put it on the spot. So, I called. Called him on the phone. Called him. He was there. King people said. And there, ladies and gentlemen, before God and the entire nation was Nancy Reagan. Live with Larry King. He was speaking off the phone with Tyrone. He was speaking off the phone with Tyrone. What were you saying? What about Ronnie's hair? I said, while I called up and I said. And the people asked me where I called him from. And I said, Liberty City Flood. That's what they put on the screen. Liberty City Flood. Liberty City Flood. Liberty City Flood. And Larry King goes, everybody's saying, Why don't you go ahead, please. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about that. I'm talking about that. I said, Nancy, I want to answer your question. I said, well, first of all, I want to say I like Ronnie's hair like that. That's a good look for it. Nancy laughed and Larry King laughed and then I said, you know, the phone call back and forth to John Quiddly, like who paid for them phone calls. And what's she going to say? The American taxpayers paid for me to be battling off. I was about, because Ronnie goes to the bathroom now. Don't say, we're going to college, right? Ronnie being the background going, I can't hold it anymore. And it's holding it anymore, and it's holding it on the phone. I'm out of the stars and lined up. I'm lined up. And you can hear Tyrone every morning on Power 96. That's right, next to 97 GTR. I'm Larry King. They don't come any better than Roger's, and their payment report. Oh, I love it. We'll be right back to this. Don't go away. I need a 20 minute. Wait a minute, we're back, guys. Oh, oh, Mary King. They don't do it. Any better than Neil Roger's. That tradition continues. Doesn't it, and that was Tyrone, by the way, we just want to mention that. We have a little party here, I guess you could say. That's kind of like a little party. We're eating, if I'm porous. I think. Radio ducks. Yes. Quack. Doc Cox is here for a while. Well, we got a call. Can we tell them you're going to be late? Yeah, let's do this. Let's go. Can we get a call? Give me the dial and I'll dial. You have to come up here, Cox. And since his neutral system weight loss, that's possible. I can't even know if he's numbers on air. Just dial it. That's right. And then put it on hold after it clicks in. And then I can did it click in. And then I can put it on the air. Yeah. At course, Cramer takes him a long time to answer. This is the private line. This is the boss's line. Our guy's was probably the owner. Calling the customer out for something. Yeah. Now, next door at TTR. No, that's probably. They are when boss wants to call. The store-blight. Flash on his eyes taking pictures. No, no. I've worked at stations at Adam. I'm sure we're going to get in. I can't. I won. I won. I have the store-blight. Same next door. He wants us to call more than it. It makes noise. Go to the C. H. H. Cramer. Oh, Cog. And Tanner. We're here live or as live as one can be on the wonderful island dreams. W-I-O-D. Sikton on the AM frequency. What are we calling everyone in town on the radio on one station? If they blow it up, we're in bad. No, I think we're better off. Don't you? You start all over again. Get new radio personality. I've heard you tell some of those sleazy Pittsburgh stories. I've been tuning in to the police. He's monitoring us because they can be able to see us. That's right. He's a standard. Tanner is there. I'm the program director. Oh, my god. I'm going to greet you. Well, since you've been listening to you. I have the Rosemary Clooney record. You know that I'm having too much fun to come to work for a while. Well, they'll with you. Somehow we need to take that. To a clock, I'm out the door, baby. You got to go ahead and hit the door. I have one. So, I'm a radio. Well, fortunately, Craig, you have some of those long disco records you can play. One lined up next. We're going to go in there and serve notice to the public. Okay. Okay. We'll do that. Everything fine. That's too bad. All right, Grandma. You're in charge. That's right. That's right. I'm in charge. What radio state? New work again. What state is this? Power. Ninety six. Very good. Great. That's from the 1970s. Yeah. Yeah. That's all letters out there. Somebody has something to say to you, Kramer. Wait a minute. My songs in. Oh, can we listen? Everybody listen. Oh, yeah. Never bothered you before. Really? This is only a segue. This is not important. Nothing. So successful. I try now. Listen to how good this is going to be. Better than sex. Listen to this. Listen to this. Oh, my love song into a disco tune. Hold on. Man broadcasts are two radio stations. It's all right. Was that better than sex? That's like using the radio. Too bad it isn't going to French kiss. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm not French kiss at so we play with all the morning at the end. Yeah. I came on after yesterday and said, well, I should hear him play. They finally get that tooth bulb. You better. Wanna cigarette, babe? Give me a bucket of cold water. We're on that woman. Creamer. Yes, sir. We have a message for someone once to tell you something. Okay. Okay. Listen carefully. Give me 15 bucks. I'll put in a word for you with the Lord. That was our King. I don't call every King. Larry's here with us disembodied. His memory is still floating. And a few of his checks are still on the wall. I don't want to hear you. Let me trust you. Let me trust you. I'll be in the track. I'll be in the track. See you, Cramer. Well, Cramer, you're through all your materials. So we're going now. Okay. Good night. I'll try to be there pretty close to time to go to work. Better be here exactly time to go. See you. All right. Let's see what's on these other lines. See, phones are a little bit. Yeah. We have other calls. These people have been hanging on for light and different colored colors. Yeah. Probably all mobiles. Date Miami. Yeah, bird. Yeah. You're doing a long hell of a story, guys. It's all me sending it off. One hell of a story. What do you say, guys? Did he get it going to show it right? No. I don't want my own way. Replace fan maker. Oh, sir. Oh, be nice. Don't be digital. You're in the main. Just got a supposed to wait till stand. Get in the police. Get in the police. Don't be digital. You're in the main. Just got a supposed to wait till stand. Get in the police. That's a good man. But thanks, anyway. I really like to congratulate you on your show and you're really keeping the ratings good for Neil here. That's right. Thanks a lot. Tard. Tard. This is incredible. Dile. Dile. Dile. Phil Tanner. Mark Mosley. Sir Mark bought us some stuff. Besides this, but you'd never know. We'll get to a superkinn. I don't know. I'm taking time to get done with this. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go down to the Versan. I can watch it. I can watch it. Who knows. I know. And I had a few beers afterwards. Who would think Chris? Is it who it is today? Yeah. Waterdale. Commercial. Oh, my god. 97. GTR. Which is down the dial from power. Which is at 96.5. We're talking about radio. You guys started off in 963 in the 90s. I was thinking of that. That's the station. Here's the go bill. That is the old 96. Sign on the 96.5. Was the original sign? The majority. Clifton's favorite. Frequist. Yeah. The matter. What you're putting down. Jerry still is Jerry's voice of the promotional announcements on how in 96. Go on. How are you doing? Jerry. Jerry will come on and say. Power. 96. You got a close. Really. You got a close. You got to take a win screen. You're busy. You got to take a win screen off. And you got to do it. Left channel. That's it. Yeah. You got to take a channel. If you can't do it. I used to work for Jerry. Yeah. I learned how to toss 45s across the program. The office. Jerry Clifton is the consultant. It helps me program Power 96 and cop shoots to work when we was when he actually had a job. Tell him about Jerry in a bar. Oh. Look at you small guy about what five. He has the biggest Napoleonic complex of anybody. He used to after four or five pps. And he said, you want to fight my friend Cox? Finally after three or four of these nights out, I let him do that one night or he did it without my asking me. He was just barely human came over. He said, and he said, do him. You want to fight my friend Cox? And I said, go ahead. Do you think you want to do it? That pretty much cured Jerry. That cured Jerry of doing that anymore. Now, if you notice, Don Cox has the BC headache powder lined up in front of him. Yeah. What is the Freudian implicant? The BC for honest pain relief headache powder. Because I figured the show was going to be a pain. When Cox, you insist for, oh, it's just for fast-paced pain relief. I thought it said for honest pain relief. Try yourself and see if you don't switch to power nights. Oh. Stay majors in the building. Oh, yeah. There he is. Okay. Let's take a hand you've aged well. Oh, well, that's true. Yeah. We're going to put him in that couple of years off. We're going to have to break. All right. We'll be right. I'm Tom Bovan from motel sick with some fatherly advice, but the young newlywed. Come stay with us at motel sick. We understand a young couple sometimes don't have a lot of money to be spending on one of them fancy Hawaiian honeymoon. Besides, your parents don't even know your married and she's under eight, so you had to cross state lines. That's all right. We won't tell the authorities for God and you cooperate. We'll only charge you 10 bucks for the room and you let us make some complimentary video Momenos if you're wedding night. And don't worry, you won't even know old Thomas here. I'll just be in the closet. I'm completely harmless. You can't just go at it. I won't be any bother at all. Nobody gets hurt and nobody has to be dragged off on the beautiful authorities for being under the age of consent. So fine. For motel sick. Come stay with us. We'll leave the line on for you. That's what a Mark Bosley spit say. He bought a few of these. I really appreciate this. That's great. Mostly as hilarious. He's so really odd. Yes. Damn, so the box was just saying, thank God, you never took drugs. Yeah, sure. No. No, we'd rather not. It's very true. Have a PC. I'll do a PC. Once he's on the phone, just for the phone. My amy. Couldn't get word. Oh, yes. Oh, hurt. Yeah. Yeah. I ate a bill. Oh, well, am I a don't? Well, minor fine sir, yours. Oh, just fine. Great. Tell me. Can you do me a favor, Bill? I'm afraid not sir. Oh, come on. This is just a small favor. We're under heavy FCC warnings. No more TV commercials. Well, you know, I have to give back some of the pain that the early warning gives me. It's an idiot. It's terrible. I agree sir. Thank you. I know what the thing is about your morning show. Why do you bother doing issues in the morning? I don't know. I just sometimes we occasionally touch bases with reality, but we try to leave as quickly as possible. Yeah. The thing that just touches me about that is, I mean, your audience is most police. Sir, sir, what did you try to ask you a question? What do you do for a living? I'm a college student. Uh-huh. What are you going to be when you go? Well, I'm constantly an engineer. I just want to get a proctorologist. What are you trying to say, sir, that we should never touch base with reality. Well, especially with your audience. You know, you got, basically. Why don't you get doing ethnic slur force? I feel that coming sir. No, I wasn't going to do ethnic slur. Well, I was going to come close. I was going to say, Castro haters. And, uh, teeny fibers. We have both subcultures listening. Yes. Which one do you fall into, sir? Well, what do I fall in? I'm from. He's in the academic vacuum. I think he's a protein post-pubescence, but it isn't working here. Yeah. He's in the academic vacuum. But I mean, every time a call comes in, I can predict exactly what they're going to say. I can too. Then until the electric chair or, you know, or. I recall seeing that several times with were you listening then? I was, I must've been out in room at the time. I was sitting in the electric chair. Okay. All right, sir. Well, we'll clear any more. Yeah, that was easy. That's right. Of course. And then you're like, and that's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. And then we'll just stand in the rain. The reason was Floyd was great. Would you say that I could address that? What the gentleman call her? I call him a gentleman. What did he say? I mean, I like to throw around a lot. He would ask him, why do we do that? And he would ask people interested in it. You know, comedy's fine and weather's and traffic's and all that. But a lot of the people who listen to the morning show like, but ticker, we do a commentary. Jim really who is, uh, a commentary. As a commentary. As for him, it was on a limited letterman. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, about the Latin Spanish. And he's the best. Interesting. See, there's some issue that I'm interested in. Jim takes Jim takes real Jim's pretty conservative guy politically. And he takes some pretty strong stands and people call it and fight on it. You know, a lot of people say, what the hell they want to do that for? Why don't we just play another Thai-owned record and whatever. But we do it because it's our show and it's not in the air. They're looking forward to present talk radio. They are. That's true. But it's the same with this show. Rushing that age. Don't you say, oh, oh, oh. But it's not talk about it. And chatters birthday is December the 6th. We'll be changing demographic groups once again. Oh. He goes up in the mic demo. Yeah. There's up to the next demo. Oh, my. I'm just worried about going into WLYF's demo. Not quite that bad yet. Productions easier, though. But I'm heavy into news talk. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Well, yeah. Burger, you're doing great job. Down the show. Oh, thanks. I think it's tremendous. Um, elegantly marked mostly with all the work he's doing on a pile. I'm in a 96. Thank you. Great, too. And um, I like to know if you have a card for GTR to want about the condom. A card? Yeah. A card. Oh, sure. That one, the one we're no longer permitted to play. Is it number three? Yeah. And the AM nor FM is permitted to play. Sorry. Thank you. Your federal government. Oh, let's see what it is. That's a public service. And it tries to stop the spread of the gasoline disease. And it offers some suggestions on how one might do that. So you have to buy the CD to hear it. All right. But you can't buy it because it's sold out down. I don't call me for a tape. Really? More and more conservative here. Sorry. Yeah. Well, that's that stuff that you know, you know exactly what's going on in there. But you're not permitted to hear it any longer because that's the way the country works. And why is TV exempt? Anybody tell me? Well, that was an interesting point about that that's made. Funny that you should ask about it. Yeah. I'm going to bring with me now. A little piece of paper. This is one of the radio trades. Good. They no longer come in the mail. They facts them to you. So what it says here. This is a guy named Jeff Pollock. There's another one of those radio consultants. Yes. He is currently Jeff Pollock. And this is a big thing that says he is further Proplexed at an apparent double standard. Yes. The FCC inconsistently find two Miami radio stations were playing the song. P Blank Blank Blank Blank Blank Envy. Mm-hmm. Yet dropped a complaint against the Haraldo show. Yeah. For its discussion of angry. The V word and angry the P word. Mm. For some of these are their own. So this guy's saying, do you want Al Sikes? The FCC chairman deciding to artistic value. Such songs as Marvin Gaye's sexual healing. The Eagles like in the fast lane. Diastrates money for nothing with its line about to very little the F word. Mm-hmm. Well, the FCC ultimately tell Ted Coffel. Phil Donahue Oprah Winfrey and Dr. Ruth as well as local news editors. What issues they can. And cannot talk about over the air. Where does this censorship stop? What do you think? Give him. You know, I know you have some legal background. Well, you know, there's in New York City, the Museum of Modern Art. There's a big painting by Picasso, a classic musical painting called the Three Musicians. And there's a dog. It's a cubistic painting. And it's a little hard to decipher the figures and the dog's tail. It's kind of between somebody's legs underneath the table. Don't you think we ought to rip that painting off the wall. And you're fed anyone to see that because after all, they might get the wrong impression about how to think. Well, what this guy's basically urging is the broadcast to stand up and make a united front and say that this should not happen. That doesn't sense your ship. And it shouldn't happen. Well, things that are happening in eastern Europe right now. Those people are asking for freedom. They're asking, they want to hear these songs. But that's the ironic thing about it. Europe is now asking for democracy and a little openness in their government. And they're asking a lot of governments to resign and a lot of them are doing it. And in this country, we seem to be going backwards. Well, I think that's on TV and you watch a roll over there. I think you'll be seven of us on this Lexic Lesbian Satanist mother-in-law. I think you might have come. And you want to have it. It must sit around and smoke something and come up with these toppings. They've got to run out of ideas. I think what they do is cut a bunch of words. Just individual words out of the newspaper and toss them up and hand. Have a day, land. Let's see. Let's see. Let's be in dentsis. I'm following the cowboy punk rocker. How about the commercials on TV for the fantasy lines? Yeah. You can call up like 35 bucks a shot. They run during afternoon sports programming on a table. Yeah, a day writer. You can be a 9-year-old kid in tune in. The latest one is Mrs. Claus. Mrs. Santa Claus. She's doing it. Talk about your Christmas fantasy. I bet she is. But you know, we can't blister. Gentlemen, I'm going to have to say goodbye. I have to go do a radio show. As opposed to this. Keep it clean, guys. I'll try my best. I'll try my best. Right when you go do the news. I'll stay to do this. Well, yeah. Wow. Okay. Great. Well, then we want to see. Yeah, we need to take our last break of the hour. Okay. Get ready, Helen. Here. Today. Let's go. Let's go to my job. Come on. Come on. I love you. Come on. This from day. One after another. I'm not singing. No air. No water. No air. No air. No air. No air. No air. This is what I really kick such. I have a falling light. Hold it up to the door. Do the basement work for the most ability. Come to finish it. I will do it. Let's play some gas. But sing along. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, you're the sweet. I'm in love. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hold on a second. Sit. What's going on? Who's the reason for it? I can't get it. I can't get it. What makes me so is yours. Are you crying, my lady? The whole night, too. At best, you're so thrilled about what all early births one in time come and do your little reason. I'm sorry, don't feel so sorry, my mother. But you probably won't. Ha ha ha ha. What do you say? I'm so sorry. Put it like watermelon. I'm so sorry. Put the day should be. You can say that on my couch. God. God. God. Cocks. When did taste ever matter? Yes. I just got to say this. It's a discount for Alzheimer's. Wait. We forgot what he was going to say. Yeah. And now I'll put welcome to a radio party. Except this one is not behind the scenes. It's on the air. Dying talks is here for a few more. I mean, you got to go. You got to go on the radio. Actually do a real show. Gramers going to walk. You never know whether you're talking to Mark or Tyrol. I'm going to be a bunch of adventures being on the radio with Moses. Yeah, I can't imagine. And addition to Tyrol, we brought with us a gentleman who for a number of years earned his living as a professional beer tasteer in Davey's fort. Here is ladies and gentlemen. Redwood. Thank you very much. Oh, yeah. Good. Right here. Reds married to a woman with a substantial growth of back hair. He actually has her name spelled out in it. Yeah. That's why his name is Balsa. No, my name is Balsa wood. He's a pretty large woman. It would turn my chin this home. The other day. The little shabbers right there. Yeah, the other day I was, Sun's name is Drift. Yeah, my Sun's name is Drift. He's 13. And I got a dollar 15. Her name is Ply. And, uh, she's viable. She is in love, uh, is many young girls are with Ernest Borgnan. He has actual, uh, beef cake posters of Ernest Borgian. You know, our wife. You know, our wife. Finding the, uh, trailer park at nighty park. And naughty pines, naughty pines, naughty pines, trailer pines. That was there. You know what happened to me the other day. You know what happened to me the other day? Yeah, I think you did. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you don't, eh? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. I only don't say the other day over naughty pines. Just the other day we had a, uh, a terrible thing happened to me. I was, uh, out in my front yard or, what a call my front yard. And, uh, I'm creeps slab. I yelled out to my next door neighbor. And this young Latin youth, happened to drive in by and they heard me call out to my neighbor. And they jumped out of their car and beat the living son. That was a, Love call that you actually had, was my next, was my next, was he can be issued from your mouth. My next door neighbor, Sue Mabri. I don't know. Oh, my right. John Fowl, the car, I'm provoking. Think of the hell out of him. I can't believe it. We'll get some more false evidence. We have a, a collect call from Christmas Florida here. Hello. Hello, Christmas Florida on the farm. Hey, hey, you know where Christmas is? I know where it is. Well, this is the bus stop is in the United States for Christmas. Just so you'll know. You guys move by faster than regular place? That's a lot of interview. It's located between Orlando and Taya'sville. And I moved out of Miami. I'd lived down there six years. I moved out about six months ago. Yeah. And it changed jobs and moved up to Orlando. Yeah, it's our first time in the, The greatest part is I'm going to try, I'm sent such dire desire for big city radio. You guys come close. Yeah. That is close. I'm not a judge. I know I came here. I know I came to you in. And I listened to the end of a neary and I heard the bird come on. And I can't believe I got the entire radio market of South Florida. Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of polluting the entire peninsula. I told you they can hear us all over the stage. All right. Absolutely. I'm going to keep her grazing listening to us happily. Yeah. Definitely. Correct. So did they ever finish by 95? Yeah. Radio station or high. Yeah. The radio station version. Definitely finished. Yeah. I think he's finally finished it off and moved on to high one. Yeah. I think the fork unit it's done. Yeah. Anyway, I just said that it's great. I thought I'd stop in Christmas. I knew you'd be interested in who is in Christmas and why are they calling? Yeah. Well, this is great because I was just telling them earlier that you can hear us all over the stage. God knows who's listening to us. Just think about how many people is getting this radiated frequency and what it's doing to their brain. It's great. It's fulfilling. I found a spirit again. I moved closer to the coast now. Yeah. Well, I'm sure you're not doing it. Get rid of it. Yeah. Get a prescription. I took my old job back at the beginning of the week but they decided they'd let me do it up here in Orlando. And I just found it. It's sort of this heartwarming moment where I started back in my old job and he's based in my M.E. and God. There you guys are on the radio and phone collar of biographer. This is a travel law. You know, I was bringing the tear to my eyes. Well, I'm sorry to hear that certain witness. Thanks for calling. Hey, I appreciate you guys being on a great show. I'm glad you're definitely a stiff competition if he knows what I mean. Can we go now? This is time for the news. Deborah is going to do the news. Deborah Martinez. I got a great time these three hours. I'm sure you will treat Tanner Well. I'm not going. Only full of more hours to go. Yeah. Well, we'll be back. Hey, boy. No. It's Tyrone. Tyrone's steel is a really cool dude. And now you can have fun playing with Tyrone. Yes, it's the Tyrone's steel talking doll. Holy free old gold chain. And he says 14 different cute things like. Oh, hey, I'm gasped. Or oh, look out. It's a balloon. And you can have fun pretending that Tyrone is stolen all the furniture from Barbie's Dreamhouse. That's a great cereal. And Tyrone comes with accessories. Six watches a real gold chain. And this crowbar. And this is a real gold. No, Tyrone's steel talking doll. Just in time for Christmas kids. Talking Tyrone doll comes with everything you see here with the used and doll sold separately from Scample. I'll see the reason I say that because when he used to drive my girlfriend. Uh-huh. Oh, I hear it goes this again. Now I ask him my girlfriend's name is Jenny Taylor. Yeah, that's not true. Jenny's a big woman. Let's put the blame on Margaret. What do you think? I think it might be a spilling. We're waiting for it to build. I feel much better when that light comes up. Well, it takes it to a while. You know, one of the things that we do on a 10 and a month short. This will be okay for the senses and stuff. He said the lights are on. I'm sure he died wrong. All right. Well, one of the things that we do, uh, we do a thing called the Street Math lesson. And uh, yeah. Yeah, all right. You look very popular this time. This will be good because this is a very. He did a number of, uh, uh, uh, one of Tyrone Street Math lessons. Yes, the guy, you have to solve the math problem. Here it is. A trial-trained lead down time Miami is 622. Now listen carefully. Racing North not stop along a congested i95 and 50 miles an hour. It arrives in Fort Laterdale at 627. Now, what are the odds of the two people on the train? No, each other. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. So that's an issue that's the idea. The issue that's the idea. Yeah, there's the people don't want issues. Yeah. Oh, my. Fairly they don't want the train either. More answers. No issues. No answers. Let's go to the phone. This is a call from coconut grove. Hello. Hi, bird. It's healers from which you somewhere. Oh, my. God. Sheila. How are you? Great. How come you're not here, Sheila? Well, I wasn't invited. Do you remember Bill when we did this swimsuit show last summer? Do you remember that show? And Sheila was one of the models. All right Sheila. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. How's it going, Sheila? Very good. I just wanted to call him say hi as you know. I don't like calling when he was there. Why is that, Sheila? Because Neil's always reached me and you don't stick up for me when he does that. Hey, he sticks up for you all the time. Yeah. Did that delay build up? It's up and it's building up. Are you enjoying the show today, Sheila? Yes, it's great. It's a radio show. It's great. Yeah. So when are we going to do another bathing show? Whoa. Well, I don't know if it called Neil Monday and mentioned that. Yeah, so he was the one who set on my lap during the show. All right, she will, we'll get birds addressed to you. And it'll be tonight at about 10 30. Go drive behind the 711 flash your lights twice. Why? Neil and a dumpster. And if someone comes out with a raincoat on, it'll be the bird. He'll be the bird. Well, I'm glad you reminded me. I'll have to think about it. Maybe next summer, Sheila. That would be great. Yeah, it's kind of a summer time. Right. We did it in July. And with it. Yeah, did you have a good time that day? Yeah, it was real fun. Yeah, what is it? What is that noise? It's a little beep that we have on our phone. What does it mean? It's for security. Oh, my God. We're being monitored. We're doing this for the F.C. Do you recording this for something? Oh, I'm recording it so I can play it on my tape recording. Oh, so you could hear what we want to go now. Let's go down. Thanks for calling. I'm allowed to be recording. Now we get very nervous. I would like a time-run talking door for Christmas. I'll tell you what. Give your name and address. And what time you won't be at home? More than. A couple of the boys are meeting. And I will come around like about two o'clock tomorrow morning and rifle through your credenza. See you, Sheila. Okay, come see later. How about that? Yeah, she's done on my lap, Bill, while this really is. We did a swim, you know, the swim suit show on the radio. But that second delay in the... That was the fact that they before they rebuilt the console. Yes. Well, it's a show I'll never forget. I don't know about it. I'm sure. The audience. But it was really quite a show to do. Oh, yeah, you may want to try that sometime when your show Bill. I certainly would do it at tomorrow morning. It was very nice. Nice. It's going back. But what left of your FM dial? It was right next to nice. Thank you, Bill. Okay, South Miami, hello. Hey there, bird. Hi. How you doing? Hey, Bill. You're what's up? How you doing? I got fond memories of you, Bill. Uh oh. No, nothing bad. Don't worry about it. Okay. It's back years and years and years ago back when you and Jim and won the white... The former white 100. Right, the old white 102. I used to give away, you have remembered the... Mugs used to give away? Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know, we talked about people getting mugged. So we had a promotion where people got mugged in the morning of this. Oh, yeah. You had a band name. I came up there, I think I came up twice. Oh, and the booty used to give away booty. That's right. Lose, we had a... Actually, the... The... who spoke for the station whose name was Lose, booty, booty. I was really... It's a lot of fun. There's the only time I've really ever gotten to... ...to go into a studio and everything. Oh, you came up and visited, huh? Yeah, you came up, yeah, you told me, come on up and... Yeah, right. And the wallpaper, it's at the old at the former white 100. It was really something to admire. All I remember is that... It felt like a holiday in Bass Room. Yeah, it was. It is. It is. One time I was up there though, I... I didn't know how... Because the only person that was in there was a person I think they came on after me. Because I called by, I would call like earlier in the morning when you were on. Mm-hmm. And I don't... Was it creamer that came on after you? I remember the midday man. Right, right. Even then, creamer. You didn't even know why light of a rather mediocre room. Yeah, yeah. And it was like, you was the only person in the room. And I couldn't tell him, even then, I got to go. And I was like stuck in there one time. It took a mic about 40 minutes for him to like take a break or whatever one time. So, you were... ...in person in the accident. I was a person in the room there. I mean, I enjoyed it, but... I could have been too soon. Well, let's not get into this. So, I mean, that we've gone far enough with that story. She's stuck in the thing with creamer. It kind of boggles the mic. Like, rocks when Cox got on and played the locomotion. He really did do that. I know that. And locked himself in the studio forever. And there was something that really affected many people's lives. There's the more they live. There's still talk about it. We have a real helpful thing. You don't really want to tell stories, Bill about it. So, your engineer and me going to crazy him. I'm here, Greg, the stick. A lopper. The lopper. The lopper, and the inner loper. He's known. The engineer, Greg Strikon, and the bird here are friends. And they visit various cardery Joan. What a joy to see. You know, the kind of place that you see lots of footage of tonight on slime cake. One of the guys that is real new to people want to feed. And not to keep blowing to get raiding. That's right, I went out next door at the television station. You're during the news and watched and preview some of that Some boys in the back room and run it over some footage for the news tonight. No, it was research bill Research in the place Anyway, this story is So bubbles is back bubbles called me a few weeks. Is he's back? You're that strict one bubbles is back Oh, we'll never get in. Oh, I'm hearing work done now. I alerted them You know, well, let's see what was the story? Let's see you try to remain calm, but he gives himself Well, you know, I need to go with the most perverted friend I have and He said bill you Greg Well, so now we had a great time actually we had a good time. We we were on our best behavior. He was trying to lie about where he was going actually and we busted You know what was so funny was the day I went up to pick him up that day. He went after work and God stole it Under a heel very weird World where we were going that's our command sure is boy. It was fun having him here today Is a radio veteran probably he should be mr. Disjockey of some year and a perhaps a century You want a variety of They could give away You know for radio awards little statues of Cox naked and they would be called did you get your cocks? I want a cocks for that one. Oh my I think we better go to the phones again We have calls this was Fort Lauderdale we're trading what's going on hi Hey, I just wanted to call and comment on the show I think it's a great that you can get all these personalities together and you go to step in A ledge personality sir A ledge person now left it put that word in so you enjoying it. Yeah, good It's rather different. I just wanted to put my two cents in I guess and then they keep up the good work It better than that one guy you got from San Francisco that turn Alex Alex Alex made a lot of friends during the week. Yeah Well, take care guys. Thanks for calling all right. Okay. Uh, here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hey Hey, how are you doing? What are you doing? Who you want to talk to? I want to talk to Tanner and all the power and I see screw okay He's here. What's up guys? I did a lot of you for doing a good job. Thank you very much Thank you. I think Barney six is a great estate and I have heard you know and I come from New York I'm telling you Oh, they got no special Barney six forget and you know from not you know you guys from crammer to lies and little lies and all you guys and the power makes you guys Who has one of these are youngest just Jackie and yeah approaching here. Do you want to come with us today But what happened is his hormone He's talking off hormones a such an incredible rate It would end of fear sometimes you get him close to a radio tower He's hair goes like hey, why And make a station off there because he got so many You know what I think is an incredible story bills. Do you know Latinos who you see right now? Weekends at your stations now at the brie. Yeah, yes, that's just hard to imagine Jesus a good this Jackie and he's versatile when he first came to I first knew him he was working the overnight show at the former Y100 And Then then he we hired him to do weekends at The former hot 105 and you've been at a lot of former places for I have I and we got road burn on this For the former road burn. Yeah, it's a mobile for anyway. He can work for us Work for us. He's a mobile Hello, I think it's a quick Speak quickly cuz you're not gonna be on long your call your connections all the time magazine phones Oh, I think that's better. Yeah, one that's Herman there What happened when you have sheepers They're why did they pick up the air for what oh? Big lawsuit lawyers are big lawsuit lawyers Has your whole commotion dancing low rash money money Pain in the neck. Yeah. Oh, why? Because they liked it But a lot of great publicity. Oh, that was a lot of commotion. I don't know if I'd I don't know if I'd like to go back to it We'll do that again. I'm not sure, you know, we make our living on the radio working in the morning And this is this idea putting suits on a tie So these guys who were ties here in the office. I don't understand where a tie to cut off the circulation. Yes They're in the Going up there you're go to court you try to play this Perry Mason bit you try to answer all the questions truthfully You got people trying to intimidate you but you have a lifetime of lying sir because of being on the radio You see And you and they they you have to wear suspenders so you know, oh, and they practice the phrase I do not recall It was just a big hassle because How do I describe this succinctly and and without too much venom and without using the delay Something like they didn't want us to go but they wanted us to go and then when we went they didn't want us to go But they wanted us to go even more and we'll see in court. That's pretty much how it will do You know this delay appeals to Tyrone if you know You like to say that means that you I hope it's well hidden Because it will be gone tomorrow you get Harry Potter want All right, we're going to continue with Mark Mosley skip permanent bill Tanner here on the Neal Roger show right after this Was the night before Christmas Wrong Was the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was threatened except for me I wrong I was in the house the people did not know I was in the house because I was being quiet as a mouse The stockings was hung by the chimney with care the what nothing in them so I left them down The people's was nestled all snugging their beds looking for them otherwise I might have had a break They had When out on the lawn there were roads such a clatter It's getting so much almost proud to serve and clatter I ran to the window and what did I see a man in the red food staring at the Me I did not know that it was jolly Saint Nick so I grabbed for my knife really damn quick Then as I heard him coming down the chimney I knew that it had to be the him or me a bundle of goodies he had on his back with at least 20 the pawn chop run by my friend Jack He had a broad face in a little round belly that shook when he left like a ball full of preserves He was trouble in plump a big man standing there. He was so big almost in the heaven of roe Because I tied into the chair. I could tell he was mad this cheeks began to glow His eyes burned like flames as I grabbed the stereo I finished my work quiet as a mouse then turned to him. I told him man you could the wrong house I opened the window and then not to be rude I went goodbye to the old dude and I heard him explain as I drove through the snow something I can't repeat on the radio Yo, can't it you won't buy some reindeer me Did I think like about four years ago? I took Tyrone. Yeah, I still get like request for it You know I mellow me Gentlemen stuff now for example this Christmas I have my own line of Christmas greeting cards Is Tyrone's greeting cards when you're carrying up to break a dollar And I give you example the one on this Christmas time a time of great cheer I should be jolly a saint Nick, but I'm not feeling serious because you see that fruit cake you gave me make me sick That's very good Tyrone I was very seasonal All right, this is a call for one of these guys get home safe at night Where you out is I wanted to go here's a call from Del Ray hi hello They look pretty much like Del Ray Yeah, does that thing listen again Yep, that's Del Ray is a requestion Well, then let's go to pop and oh beach hello hi. Hey. Is the bird yes, sir. How you doing? I just thought it would be cool to call I'm a friend of Tanner and Martin Tyrone to Robert the security guard Now I was just gonna do you guys on the way down in my truck I decided to stop the call you from a payphone and the truck stop A lot of people dumb that sir. How you guys doing? We're of course lovely and talented and how are yours Robert? I'm pretty good man you're working hard and stuff you know, I don't have a story to tell like most people do when they call here I just thought it was nice I'm most people to call this stage and do not have a story Calling to suck up to us But you know I show is built around people sucking up to New York Hey, why never met Brad? So I do a very nice job. Okay. You're the security guard of power No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, you're the security guard of the name and the more and we're big with security guards You know people have to boom my fat there keeping the condos to go Yeah Condominium security guards say used to get bored and call Tanner and Martin every day Yep Oh By the tyrone especially Hmm And meanwhile of course Tyrone visited your home and when you got there what was there? Yeah, because the man we're going overnight I'm working other things secure me while back at the ranch Now I drive a nice idea that meet you remember so my home my home isn't the all day Oh I can catch you address I live a 14 14 turn pipe weight All right, you got taken into my job. Okay, it's a little bit of brisk And good night and for waterdale Oh, hi, hi bird hey, I'm a car okay You want to take any questions about movies today? Not today. Well, let's talk about a couple of movies. Well, I quite have this the holiday movie going season You had a street math lesson about one of the movies. Oh, I did one cool Wait, let me say hold on second. I can find it because I had a rundown here Yeah, what's I carry about any Murphy's no move how to be All right, I'm gonna give it to you here. This is a street math lesson or be village nights. Yes film critic viciously pans Eddie Murphy's no movie giving it one and a half stars The movie makes 16 and a half million dollars in the first weekend the question in What percentage of the film critics yearly salary does Eddie leave as a tip at lunch? all right Is that satisfied you All right, they are talking bout movies That was great Last talk about movies. Later on the week we will take care of the win and you know we'll take care Hey sister best for a well, you know Okay shall we go to Hollywood? Hey what's going on? The home of former Y100. Yes, hello. Hey what's going on? Tyrone. Yes. Hey did you just do the or still do the mousse commercial? The mousse commercial. What's that he's doing? She's like a mousse. She's like a mousse. He's not doing any more. No, he just has a mousse. Yeah he moussees up his hair in the morning. No, he just has a mousse on. Yeah he moussees up his hair in the morning. No, we just heard the mousse on. Some radio station didn't we? Did you? Yeah, you guys run the mousse and we'll run anything. Hey, hey, you run it. You know we got the million dollar music guaranteed. You give us a million dollars and we'll put it in the back. You can see it. No, I think they most mostly run heads on radio stations that have people with a lot of uninsured drivers. Oh, I see. Our entire audience is totally covered. But G Michael does work at power. And he's sick. Yeah, he does. So you're very close. They're actually domed. Yum, dumb. Yeah. No, the reason why I was asking was because there used to be very funny. Yes, very funny. Used to be. Yeah, they used to be. And I noticed a different another kind of dumb, you know. Oh, someone else doing an uphill. No, gee, does them. Maybe they just, you know, hitting the bottom of the material. Yeah, they're doing them for years. It ain't still the one doing it. Maybe you know, you can't get everything. You know, a perfect. That's right. They can't all be gems. Yeah. But anyway, yeah. Some of them were things. Yeah. Yeah, they did used to be hysterical. That's true. I hadn't cleaned up that act too. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. We are taking phone calls for Mark Mosley built Tanner. Skip her minutes here. We're talking about radio today. Here's a call from Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah. I hope you're going to have a vacation next week. You're going to be a lot of trouble. Uh-oh. For what? For this show you put out. Why? It's going to rip you for at least a month. Why? Why? Yeah. Because I think if they divide up Neil Salary, you can pay it all these guys to show up on your show every day for the rest of your life. That's true. Right now. Are we putting Neil Salary for the day? Are you really expecting us to take a fence with us, Damon? No, no, Darrell. All right. No, I wouldn't want you to take a fence. I haven't got any insurance. So not only would I take your fence, but I would take your dog. He was sensitive. That's a shame. See how it all goes together. Yeah. No, Glenn. Yeah. This is a great show. Oh, good. I mean, I'm listening. You do a lot of your own shows when Neil's Garb. But this has got to be a problem with. Good. I'm glad you enjoyed it. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You know, this shows a lot like what it's like in a hotel room. When somebody that we all know flies down from up north and you're just hanging around and party and just be asshole. I tried. It's just a radio party radio guys. I decided to put it on the air. So you can hear what goes on and goes on all the time, right? It does. It's just trying to talk about radio. And we're going to take it into the break. That's the only difference between the two. That's right. And it's really hard. You see a stuff coming during the commercial. That's true. But that's just the way it is. I'm sorry. Very folks. We'll continue to. From the 10 on 10. I went in. I get that the queue and hey, where've I been going? What's the deal with that machine guy? Oh my god. Oh my god. Well, there was a wife. You were mad. Oh, what agreed one story after another about drugs and violence. Now, she wants to write the role that rewrite the new in. And oh, story and fiction. So kill me please. I'll see you tonight at five six and a lot of scum. And oh, she took the nose into her own hands. What are you guys going to do with me? When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you less than make a good Tuesday for dawn. And oh, sorry. And this is also starring Carl Weather, the toy-blooder and Don, not that Don, no. There's the stationary front over the middle. And oh, he's the new. And oh, how we do. Okay, we play that because that's one of Mark Mosley's classics. We've done so much with ants and they believe it. We've done a lot of ants and wrote you a letter and wrote you a letter because somehow, well, you guys wound up with it somehow through the, some lists through the two. Yeah, from under your eyes. We were over channeled ten and so I sent Anna Coffee of it. And yeah, and a couple of weeks later got back a very nice letter and it said, thank you for sending it to me. She says, I listened to it one night after the 11 o'clock news on the way home. I'll show off the road. I'm a stronghold. You imagine. No, our Mosley kills andcha. The day. So, and she, uh, very complimentary letter. She said whoever did the impression was very good. Everything. She even signed it. And bow Bishop. Yes, she did. She's a very nice person. Generally is. Yeah, she is. And she's the dean. I'll tell you a little of sounds like a story on an ambitious, but, you know, you sit there and you watch the various television anchors and some of them do a superb job at reading the teleprompter. But I saw an bishop doing a story doing one of these, uh, a channel ten prime time news specials that they did on the eastern strike. And you talk about a lady who was totally prepared. She had a difficult situation in that she had studio guests with her, that she had to interview. She had people on the television monitor and remote location. She had to interview. And she kept her distance from all of it and asked exactly the right questions. And you could tell they weren't all scripted and prepared because the people in those situations with throw her into ad lib situations. But she had her fact so totally together. And she was so quick that, uh, she just jumped up in my estimation all kinds of points right there. She is a real credit to the television industry. And they're honestly believe. And I'm serious when I say that that it is not a good night without an indict. No. Yeah. And the rest of the channel, I went to the host. And we're here. And what does done, no, by the way. Not very much. I feel, look at the phones. They're blazing. Blazing phones. You're the one who caught our. Oh, they're wearing Bishop from Channel 10. I witnessed you. Yeah, we're just going to take a call. Let's take a call. Let's go to Pomp and I'll. Hello. Hi. Hi. First time caller. Oh, my. I listen all the time. But if I had to listen to a show like this every day, I would not mind being at work. My day has flown by. Oh, what's really nice. So I've been great. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Thanks. Thank you. And we'll see you tonight. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Don't know. Thanks for calling. Thank you. Bye. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey. Hi. Good. And I'm going to ask you a question. Let the other people in the studio. Maybe get ideas. I think you seem to be such a good personal friend of these guys. Do you ever think about leaving Neil and going with these guys somewhere? No. You wouldn't do it? No. Just why? Because you wouldn't want to risk your friendship as friends. No. It's because you don't want to like being around us every day. There's more of a big idea. A bad breath in the morning. And besides, he doesn't have to get up early. And I'm going to tell you, you know, being Neil Rogers, sidekick, ain't cheesy. No. No. I'm very happy with what I'm doing. I very much enjoy working with Neil. He's like the truly, seriously, the smartest man I've ever met in this business. I'm very happy and I'm very thankful, very grateful for my position here. And Neil is presently able to keep his visa card paid off. Yeah. I got the pleasure of working with you and Neil. I was an intern at your old old old station a few years ago. I in Z. Yep. And it was just great work with you guys. I'm going to have a great time and Neil is, you know, Neil is the hell of a nice guy. Yes, he is. And so whatever people think about him, it's probably not true. Yeah. And you know, you, yourself, are pretty damn nice to us. I can't support it. Good. All right. So, you know, great talking to you. Thanks. All right. That is funny, Bill, because Neil is a pit bull, often on the air. You know, he's just a madman. I know. And off the air, he's just normal and he's great. And it's hard to be able to believe that. But everybody says that because it is absolutely true. Yeah. But it's hard to believe if you listen to this show. I know. If you know enough, if you know enough radio personalities, anybody in the business would would say, Yeah, that's probably right. A lot of people are completely different on an off the air. It's not a big bean. I'm happy. She's a big bean is the same. No, no, no, no, no. Well, you know, skip. There's exceptions to every rule. He's falling down, drunk out in the hallway. We're never going to forgive him for ringing in that smoking pop. Or a bad pop or something. And bring a smoking gun. Big bean, bring a smoke. That will spell anything like that in my life. You're looking for that on the water gate. You're smoking pop or a... Here's a call from Miami now. Hey, clan. Hi. Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but... Oh, man. You need to get a show. Get a life. Get a show, clan. Come on. This is getting pretty boring. What are you going to play tomorrow? All the bits? No. I mean, Japan already did that. I know you're going to be here, though, from the first second, until the closing... Play some more tastes, go ahead. Don't... Hmm. This is real, man. Not only do you have the freedom to talk for as long as you want to. The cover becomes like a... I don't know where I got playing tune. On the y'all, the rake and elisthen. It's an constructive criticism. Is that right? Here's Mr. Struggler. Are you sure that was constructive? Distractive. Because... Sounded like somebody looking for problems to work for this guy. Yeah, I think you do. That was that bomb for you, shut? With that bomb, right? Yeah, you're my mind worked exactly the same. Yeah, exactly the same. With different people. But I'll make it to inside. Oakland Park. Yeah, don't worry about that guy, I said. Look. Y'all, well guys, you're all right. Four hours, what are you doing? What are you going to do? It's for four SLOPs, but we're here doing this. So you're going to live with it for another 40 minutes or whatever. I hope you all get big packages for Christmas. Fifteen minutes, why good? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. And I didn't turn this radio off yet? He'll be there. Fifteen minutes more to make it right. It's so loud you have no idea. He's going to be so upset when it's over. And by the way, you did not burst my bubble, sir. Now, yes, sir. Yes, hi, y'all. Good, good today. Good, how are you? Good, not too bad. What do you think about the commercial? Don't you buy a little bit of a truck? I think it's ridiculous. But the most commercials are, and people go out and buy the ugly drugs and the nice ones do. And the people buy some more commercials and here we are. I don't know that's fun. Don't you buy it, it's got a radio's file. I think Cox does that. When you don't know that. I honestly don't know that. I've actually done take off so that's fine. You know, when it's good, that's why I do take off, sir. You know, it's what it is. Everybody searches for memorable lines for commercials. And whether you like that one or not, it's like, you know, you're not in your head, sir. Yes, it's a pretty cool place. The old commercial game, you got a spot that you enjoy. And then you do the punch line. Then you say, okay, well, who's the client? Yeah, right. Yeah, well, you know, I don't know. You'll try, well, some car plays, but which one? Yeah. Then you start to have to water if it's effective or not. Somebody should put up one ugly cars. Well, Marvin put it on the screen. He knew the client's name. He wrote it on the screen. Yep, see, he knew it. It works. Everything know it. You didn't do the water. Why do you go water? I know I'm trying to mail. So that's the reason it works. People remember. It's true. It's weird, but it's true. Okay, I'll get it. Okay. All right. Fort Glodderdale next. Hello? Glenn. Yeah. It says clock. It's clocked out. Dummy. That's right. It's got it right. That time I don't believe it. You guys are getting paid for this, are you? Yes, we are. Actually, they don't know we're getting paid for it. They're paying us off in Hub Camp. We need. They don't even notice when we leave. And they go out to their cars later on in the afternoon after putting it at a nine to five. You know, they do here. By the way, Tyrone, who is Edmund Ensign? Ed Ensign. Yeah. You parked in his spot. Oh, I got the joke on me. And then pick up my car down at the compound underneath on 95. Yeah, I actually see him. Sometimes I'm in the parking lot. If you don't know Ed Ensign owns Channel 7. Yeah. I see him. He waves at me. He's very nice. There you go. You guys, this is the end of the one to two hour I guess. Mm-hmm. With our game today. Yeah. The middle table day crime. Hey, it's been a great show. Good. Well, that's good to hear. A great that you guys are going to bump me out of a dog. I don't want to go all of you now. Yeah, it would. That's for sure. Well, chronic crock. Find it all. Okay, crock. Good night. You're finally Australian. And then a crock. Yeah. Is he really? Yeah. 20 years. No, I'm glad. Ha ha ha. 20 years from now. Basketball great. Jerry West is going to look just like Ed Ensign looks today. Really? Yeah. There are pictures. This is a little inside. I thought it was about as exciting as the drummer or the drumming. They were all like, don't being David Brinkley in the air. Who have we, that started with the third leg of Metro I. You know, you know, you know, David Brinkley in the world's oldest living could ever. So show at the arts bowl last week? No, I didn't. I'm sure there was David Brinkley on. Really? If people go, if you wonder how Bill Y. and can be 53 years old, the married and 19 year old woman is because he hasn't moved. He's just before. He's got a lot of energy left. Brinkley? Undrum. Very loud. Can't get no. Santa's playing. Say good name. Say good name. I got off of my club. Shit. Okay, that's Mark Mosley. Skip her, Mr. Bill, can't we ever last break at the show last break? No, last break. And then we're going to finish the last year. That's right. I'll be back to seeing brown sugar. Oh, come here. Thanks, Georgia. We'll be back. We'll be right back. In fact, a news talk radio 610 WIOD. You'd be a missile last show. You miss this. Mill-drugd. Yes. And I'm a Canadian. And I'm an elderly person. And I'm ashamed of you because my son is an image stand. And you're ashamed. Wait a minute. You're ashamed of me because I speak out, right? No. I say something. I say something that nobody else is. Just one moment, master. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Why should I give you anytime? You're just going to come down the problem. So, don't. Okay. Here, the next-stand major show. This afternoon, it, too, on New York, radio 610 WIOD. Now, this, I didn't, what is that? Oh, okay. I didn't think I would live to hear this. But during the commercial break, Mark Mosley is sitting over here discussing TV Cates. Well, I know of your section. I was an incredible discussion. This man has researched this man. What he's talking about? He's researched TV Cates. Cates frame by frame by frame by frame. No, I was. What you're trying to say is he's looked up to the TV. Yes. You're wife listening. That's hope not. A caller asked, what? Or who made these guys get into radio. Why did you get into the business bill? Well, I always had some dumb line. You know, somebody, I was reading the other day and said, it's the women. I got into the room. Right. The women were actually, when I was a kid, I lived in Mississippi. And my grandmother was rather poor. And she took in rumors. And what was called a boarding house. And it's not one of the rumors. It was a discjockey. And he still had to go to the radio station with him and occasionally watch. Well, he did his thing. He was like eight. That was probably younger than that. I was about to say 27. And so then I, my first job, I actually applied for him. God, I had been a radio station. I was 13 years old. In other words, I was always fascinated by not only the, what came across the radio in terms of the program, but the way the radio sounded, the technical sound of it and all that sort of thing. And so I've been interested in it all along. And because I was basically impossible to deal with. I figured out that I had to be the program director and figure it out for myself. So I've always been on the air. The Tanner in the morning person. But I guess really what I think of myself more personally is the program director. How many years have you been Tanner in the morning in this market? Since 1974, there was an interesting story about that. Cox and I were talking about it just yesterday. When I first came to Wyah 100, it was a disaster. It was three months after he had gone on the air. They came on the air, giving away all this money and they'd blown the whole thing and everyone got fired. That really happened. That's how they started in August 3rd of 1943 and between August 1st of August 73 and the end of December, middle of December when I finally got hired. These people said, put station on the air, had gone through mountains of money and given away every bit of money, the station was dead broke. And when I came to work here, it was such a disaster that they brought me into the program director and I wasn't getting to be the program director. It was all just political and fighting that was going on in the beginning of the station 74. And I had been both a morning man, the morning guy on the radio and the program director for quite a while. We're going to tell that story of how I got fired and Mississippi and everybody walks on the disjockeys walked out. And eventually we all wound up here at what was then why 100 worked at Wyah 100 for nine years, Kramer for 10 years. But cops that were cops and Kramer and Robert Walker who is not been mentioned in this day show, but we couldn't let it go by with that. Robert, you have the absolute great Miami radio man and he's been the program director Wyah 100, not once but twice. See between 1974 and 1986. Only two people were program director of Wyah 100, either. And so we all wound up here and it was somehow rather the station got straightened out. And the morning man that was at Wyah 100 got an offer to go to legendary radio station KHA and Los Angeles and he left and went and they put me on in the morning and I was calling myself Bill Tanner at the time, but for some reason why I just said this bill Tanner in the morning and then manager got in Bill cutting him came in and said Tanner in the morning, that's it Tanner in the morning and I thought it was stupid. So of course it worked. It's very good. What was it? How did you scan? You know radio is really magical for us. It was before we were involved in it. The same as it is for your listeners, the guys who like to call in every day. There's something special about the unknown. You can hear it. You can hear it. I'm aware of exactly how it's all put together. And I think the same holds true for television because there's so much that you don't see. And there's a fascination there and when you find out a little bit about it, then you learn different aspects of the business that you become either enamored off or not. The music for me is one of the big lures that it had early on. I can recall sitting there doing homework in my bedroom going to high school thinking, gee, I'd rather be this guy on the radio. Yeah, that's big. That's sitting here with these, this will be Tyrone Roadmaster. It's been made about as much sense. Yeah. What was that, B.D.? No, I remember going to visit WABC watching Cousin Bruce. Oh yeah, I don't do. I'll never forget Cousin Bruce. You said, I don't listen to this music. I go home and listen to classical music. And I win. You do. We got to go guys. We're out of time. Thanks for having us. I'm real glad everybody can bring. Thank you. Don Cox. Feel sure. So glad you stopped by. We really appreciate you. Have fun and of course, Mark. It's always a classic. This is the man who made Ambo. Hermin and MacBean. Glad you guys finally came over and went into this studio. Bill, good to see you. Good to see you, Scott. Come see us and we'll be listening to you in Neil. Great. All right, we'll be back tomorrow. Time, Jekyll will be our guest tomorrow. That'll be great. Bring it food. We'll be always an excellent guest. I just now Neil Rogers only gets. Yep. Many loves to come by and visit Weneelson here. You're a great dancer. I said, good. So we'll see you tomorrow at least. See you. Bye.