to read you let's see those people call it one is one two two three four three fast yeah me always one of those in brown yeah for uh-oh I don't see any other ones going found out there there we go so couple broken pombie not there's pombie were you liked it yeah okay okay bokeh got that was kind of a slow there only six lines ring and now that even after all this time no that's not the point I'm not trying to lay anything off on him but I'm saying the last thing important that happened was we had a madman going nuts in the production studio is blasting us again we thought that was all over with and we thought we had a pretty well and basically it has been over with from over on this side the fm production to my left as you look at your radio speaker the dolphins are moving from the left to the right with the aqua orange and black and blue and oh Sammy how's Hammies looking good tonight but anyway um... we got that all straight now okay it's got to be very cooperative and they got to speak or tilted to the moon on a certain angle there and in here yesterday all of a sudden we had this uh... incredible uh... blasting on and I we left all that dead air is usual because I just when that that happens I don't really know what to do you know what I mean I'm not sure whether it's free marida banana and they cranked up even louder than he puts him up soon stuff on tape and played it back for our benefit very juvenile crappies going out of here and I was just fit to be tied and I get out there with with Disney and boy gerry which is like being left with behind the timber in the joseph herbal and uh... you know going to the office and I'm just I'm foaming at the mouth and I said you know this kind of out of the worry about that stuff that we don't want to talk about that it's nothing it's nothing so I guess when you don't understand what it takes to come in here and do the do a show not just this show but any show when you don't understand the day and in the uh... nations are radio stations easy to say uh... you know don't please don't waste their time with that because we want to talk about the same crap that we talk to you about every time we talk to you you know and that's uh... you know a jack Thompson in the FCC that's the only thing the only thing that they know how to talk about there's nothing else that they can talk about except this uh... this individual out there in our audience just to drive in everybody nuts and it just continues making stuff up as he goes along and harassing and destroying the show and destroying my life and just uh... going on on i won't say on challenge but uh... unimpeded i think would be a good expression it just never ends and i'm supposed to sit back and wait until some judges got the guts to say that's enough of this crap and you're just uh... you're just out of out of control and you know believe that it's going to stop and then the top of all of i go home and all i want to do is watch the coubs lose in peace i already and i knew they were going to lose again they start yet to go it can never have been that close in the first place only the message the bases loaded they can only score one one and they shouldn't have scored any except that rotten was like doing a sleepwalk i think that disease and center field and chase they missed and pages from one several i think anybody place that are field suddenly becomes lost and the but i knew the coubs lose i was no problem because the cardinals lost in the coubs are still ahead and everything's great and i'm getting these calls from my landlord in california and uh... uh... calls about his attorney is hysterical attorney in my amy and about to my satellite vision a permit and this and that and then i've come to find out that this radio station is sticking its nose there are people in this building who are interfering in my private goings on there they haven't got anything to do with that and i've had these screaming and yelling stations with a sales manager in his building and i've explained it much bigger i don't want to re-hands you all over again and you know to talk to anybody in this building about any legitimate problem you could see that perfect uh... oh seriously the purple stripe on the wall there you could just as easily talk to that purple stripe and get as much out of that as you will out of any of these people and i've never seen anything like it if there's anybody in the audience who pebbles hearing aids believe me this is the place to come you do a bigger business than Spencer's doing with a car wash okay you will pedal so many hearing aids because these people are death they don't hear anything okay the only time they hear something is if it's something that we do on your day-to-eye then they hear it so i don't want to make you but uh... so i have a here but really why do you are bad guy only if it's really lucky to still be sitting there i'll tell you that may as a should kiss the ground may as a club in a tampy ten a w i o d another summer vacation is all over the kids are back in school silver to back up north and everything is you have a nice day sure and i'll time thanks so much for the chat and tell Disney well i can't see it you won't see a many way they're in that football meeting okay they have only they're in another one of those meetings okay see i come in extra early this morning because i've got these incredible things going on and i'm just ready to go nuts what about the phones well i don't want to be going to call about their city back there listening are in a fair people listening let's see the Roger wants to see the phone ring if they so we're going to go through another desperate day on the phone don't tell me we're going to have that with the phone for the next month is go we're not going to be so full of uh... you know how we go through these little cycles i don't know well look at that even talking about the numbers six seven lines there they go that took a four they're out there they're listening okay they're okay don't be so insecure and paranoid Roger just because you work at w i o d with a bunch of mongheads no i'm serious they have gotten more people with titles in this place and there is no one of them who's worth a quarter okay i was going to say a nickel i'm trying to be generous this morning okay they don't know what the hell day it is much less anything else and i wish the entire audience for sat in on the meeting that i had with these people yesterday i swear most of you would already be on the floor rolling in pain from the arsenic you would have ingested okay i mean here i've been going through this thing with the city of plantation and it's thinking permit and the satellite dish for a year and a half okay and i was this close to getting it's threatened out this close okay put your two fingers together and have room for a little pubic here and between can we say that i will let you up second washman again i mean that's another story now we got these right wing is sitting up there and everything you say it's okay for ultra and donna hu and heraldo and stale and all these shows all they talk about his sex every day and they bring on the transvest dice and transectuals and the bisexuals and the non-sexuals and the amaphrodites and that's okay and they do it strictly to tell the audience to get ready so you don't do it to educate or inform or anything else that they might tell you they do it only to tell the audience but that's okay but if we say do spag on the air or if Steve doll you know does sexual humor on the air or how it's shown whoever it is then all of a sudden they're going to have an herbous fake dad and they're going to start enforcing the role and they're going to come down everybody says and if i come after the license it's a bunch of crap is what it is okay it's like living in Nazi Germany is what it is how the hell did i get into that are i talking about this meeting you know there are other things going on in this radio station besides jet Thompson okay and when we're sitting here trying to do a radio show and we've got some more on blasting noise intentionally because he's got a child is mentality the same one who comes in here and cranks up the air conditioning 120 because we don't want to sit in a meat locker every day even though he does find it's comfortable enough to come in and eat whenever the food is in here that's okay oh we don't want to know that's nothing don't talk about that all we got is this other important stuff we want to keep talking about and taking a social that you want to put on the floor and can't even do a show anymore that's what we want to keep talking about it's incredible and you have conversations with people you can sit there you can talk calmly as i have you can rank and rave as i have you can call on the phone as i have to are illustrious sales manager who makes our program director look like Albert Einstein and that should speak for itself and and you talk to him and you tell him something as clearly as you were drawing a picture okay as if you brought in Picasso to pay the picture to tell him exactly what the story is and he listens and he agrees and two days later he does exactly the opposite uh sure now i don't have enough excitement going on in my life already that i need to have people inside this building they didn't pay for my satellite dish they didn't arrange to have it installed they haven't gone through all the grief and all the lies and all the distortions and all the bs that i've gone through for the past year and a half they didn't attend all the meet meetings in plantation but all of a sudden they're interfering because they want to help me out so that now i'm within this close and cut the hair and half of getting fine 200 dollars a day in my landlord who's out in California bless his soul is apocalyptic is forming at the mouth okay because the good folks here at w i o d are giving me so much help it's like the boy scout who's dragging the old lady across the street and she's screaming and kicking and jaring on and they say lady he's doing his good deed for the day and she says i don't want to cross this street and that's the kind of help i'm getting from the good folks here at w i o d who are really helping me straighten out the satellite problem i was within a quarter of a year of getting it straight enough and they're sticking their nose into it because they're such a helpful but how do they have time to do it with it that always important football meetings to attend huh i want to know the answer that question and you want to do the rest of the show because i'm just getting started i'm just getting started now i wait till they hear that Tim Williams story i think he should get it off your chest wait till they hear that story they're not going to believe it so i think they have who it is really i had the power that is attributed to me i wouldn't be sitting here i'd be on i'd have my own satellite station you know like that preacher that's on 24 hours a day with the glad you're listening him oh he's a jean something on california he's on take and he's on 24 hours a day and they have that number on there and the money just keeps pouring and he just he just touched double talk all the time and he's got pictures of horses that come on the screen or pictures of the city different cities and traffic and boats and lakes and he's on if i had that kind of power i put him bacon to you know to shame and i made this re-adopt the fetal position i was on the floor here for a while the seema would help but didn't help no it's 1023 at wild don't have any station isn't great now i have to tourists to go uh so i won't read about like to do it show today it upsets them no it doesn't upset it doesn't they're too stupid to be on don't you understand i don't want to do it Arnold's Royal Castle 12490 north west 770 north Miami busing the water spoke well maybe four after you was here oh after work i can't say that you're here i want to give me this crab joie like it's a big secret oh he wants to talk it show joie will be on in 32 minutes i can't understand joie will be on there with hand big hip and the white water they all in in the musical question what does dad know i heard that i heard a rumor who peed on your cornflakes the smile heard a rumor you don't say pee down yeah see what i mean about him he's filthy and disgusting i said do you say pee it's okay what you thought cute i bet you're not gonna say that on channel 10 are you so weren't you going for this vacation you slept on a satellite just for a week or so what did i just say do it what was i did when i told him before we started the dive the dive visionary tactic i told him something about that awful show it is we don't care what we wish you the best but would you please keep your clothes on during the show that was so tacky can i tell you what happened that show what didn't you cancel yet i know must hear she brings no i'm talking about the first episode on monday when you were in that uh we had it on here massage i thought you have clothes on those two under your feet and you thought to be good or what was on if you keep taking your clothes off the spca is gonna come on and take you off the air you know i was gonna kiss you on the lips because we got you many were in kiss me i got a set i know where you had i got a 17 chair can you wear in the television when you listen over nine that's because i'm talking how are you sure exactly we can't even buy a call from eleven eleven thirty got to show any more on the kiss you but yeah kiss this cousin vrc's a nice guy but he was so boring yesterday i got some pictures for it yeah did you guys go on standing oh that's what he interrupted that's what he interrupted at eleven over there just can take so you as people are such horrors it's incredible here's the guy created the new thrusters running around from here we go here don't stop with my sponsors again now will you please don't zoom in all the twenty three pounds on new true system you see the way they play a last night it looks like played with the mess This is what I wanted to show you because I look at how the stadium was filled. 69. Face stadium here we go. Who is this other guy there? 69. I don't recognize him. We see a met. He was in a met. That's not met. That's the general manager of the store. Oh, of course. Oh, there's the dugout. I don't recognize any of those guys either. Isn't that nice? I guess we don't bring down his oil. Yeah. I guess he is an expert. He's an expert. He can show these. By the way, Larry King wanted to wish you well on your TV show. He had a little message. Listen. I didn't ask you one thing. You know, I got a little way to make it. They never used these on the air and it's easy to see why. Not that pretty good. I see the guy called me yesterday and they want to use my face in your body. Okay. You know, I was originally, he is funny. You mentioned I would not win. No, he is. I was originally going to use that as one thing that I wanted to do today and ask who's head would you put on what body in relationship to that TV guy? You know, I was the first one of this stuff with that before I went on vacation. I got, I got the thing in here. We got it in the mail. And I said, that's not her body. She only wishes that was her body. That's an V-HIP's body. Anybody got it? Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah, let's put, let's put an V-HIP's body with Brian Norcross's head. Wouldn't that be cute? You're leaving? You're good. I'll see you. I know. I'm not supposed to be. I'm supposed to be pretty. Huh? Well, you're living up to billing. I'm sorry. I'm just keeping, don't shake my hand hard. I'm telling you. I'm serious. I jam my cigarette off. He's all in a 30 year. Oh, holy. I'm so mad. Even my dogs kiss me better than that. I've got a lot to enjoy. We'll see you in a couple of years. Bye. I'm looking you out of work again. Good. Good. God, he, I don't go for that. God. What would Jack think about that? I come in here kissing and kissing and kissing. Oh, my cheek. Wow, I don't care. Let him kiss Steve on the cheek. I don't want to say. I don't think we can say that, but you're asking. I'm serious. I don't know whether to go out on strike. They're just to walk away. What do you say? Who's not lying for and brought? Hello. Should I walk out? Should I just walk out? This place. I think it should walk out of the, what happened next to the B of the Senate? Yeah. So what it is though? They want your room at you. They've got to have your own eyes. All right. That's all I want. They want one? Money. They already got my money. They're good at it. It's been. There's nothing we're talking about. They already got my money. I thought we was from New York, wasn't it? And it's not a very bad too. All it calls going to sound like that. What do I mean? All the calls. There's three calls on it. See, we thought we'd use yesterday was it was the day after the Labor Day. I have a feeling where another one of those thoughts were the cycle. Oh, no. Because they do go in cycles. Remember we used to talk about that. Honestly, where they just don't want to talk to anybody anymore. Monday was great. Came back from vacation. It was a holiday. Big welcoming back. And now it's like, you know, dropped it. Real good friendly town. No, I'm seriously thinking of just packing it in. Just walking out. Of course, I don't want to do that because that would make Jack real happy. Yeah. That's true. That's good point. But anyway, it's 1033 of W. The untad is just being here to promo other people show. I mean, Joey's OK. He's a good guy. Never stole a freight train. But that's showed you. Oh God. Anyway, Boca and Palm Beach are not lit. Okay. Now, when you folks decide that we can get eight calls all at the same time. I don't want to talk about Lester today. Okay. I heard enough of that this morning. I don't want to discuss Lester. Do you? What about him? Well, some guy calls Bill at Lester used to years and years ago. Came down here. He was a bellboy in a hotel. And he used to run best to the track. Bellboy? I didn't. Bill shouldn't have be a bellman. Yeah. Lester. It was a long time ago. He ran best for friends. I think it was Alexander Graham Bell. He was talking about. Anyway, we got a mobile on here before the break. I guess. Hello. I know. I just want to put the whole dot track situation right into a nutshell. Yes. I don't think it's a big deal. Yeah. Good morning, oh, thank you. Very well done. Yes. I was. Yes. I know what I call yesterday about that. Here they had this great B dog that mistakenly was a lot of run in a D race. One by five and I've like paid $11 in change. I never mentioned that yesterday. I had a little price for a dog. It stands over the fear like that. And a public has screwed on that. And then they cancel the race because they found out that the guys, the kids that put the dogs in the boxes, right before the race, they stick them in the right box number one goes in the, you know, they put, they mixed up two dogs. And they put them in the wrong box. And then a lot of people watched the race. It went off and they left and it tore up their tickets. And it turned out they had a refund coming because they declared it no race. Good Lord. Now how can you do that? I remember years ago at Hazel Park. Nobody's going to believe me on this. Maybe Dirt Accomand will because he remembers everything. Years ago at Hazel Park in a harness race, the outside two horses, lined up wrong. In other words, the seven horse was in the eight hole. And the eight horse was inside of them in the seven hole. Now I don't understand that. I mean, if you, if you're been to a harness race, no. Well, they have the number. What do you give like it to like it colder for third of a racing? They've got the number on the stall. On the front is you look at the starting gate. They've got the number one. To, and then if there's an entry, they don't necessarily are in the same order. But you'll see like two might have the rail and one a, you know what I mean? You see the numbers right in the stall where they're supposed to go. So there's no way to confuse it. All right? Wayne wants, oh sure it's how Wayne to bring all he wants to have. Tom to bring something special for Disney and Boyd Gary and his lemon. And Tom to bring a real special package for Jeff Arnold, a Jeff Phil, what's his name? Jeff Clark, how quickly they forget in sales. Who's helping me with my satellite. So nicely that I only wish he should break a leg. What was I talking about before? Oh, about to dogs. So anyway, nobody really had any intent on anything to say yesterday. We didn't get any calls yesterday. So today after labor day, we got more calls on there right now than we had all day yesterday. Don't. It's pretty grim. I didn't say about the other day. Did you make your money? Wait a minute, Spencer. We give you all our hard earned money to watch the cars. You said it. Talk to that. Jim. I thought I was going to make it. Well, no, I'm starting my own ministry. So I'll give you the address before you leave the bill. Okay. Praise the Lord. That's the name of the OG's ministry. You got it. Who's the guy with all the beer? What are you talking about? You want to talk to your public? Come over here by this microphone woman in your Spencer and just say hello to your audience. Come on, Spencer. And being hello to your sweet people. I love you. Oh, that's not what you said during the commercial break. Well, I can't repeat what you said it. Don't talk about jewelry rental. It was against in the building. Yeah, that's not what you said. Okay, go out and just admit this. What is Spencer? Spencer is here. So go get your car wash folks. The guy wants to retire soon. Yeah. Two more years? Right. I'm going to work about two more hours. I have an advice. Anyway, it's the Spencer. Again, I have 104 E. A W.I.D. steam today. A reaction to the president's message on the drug war. Guests to be announced at a future date. Hmm. Like about seven o'clock tomorrow morning. After this place gets my satellite, this shall straighten. I'm going to tell you something. This is just so amazing this place. It's just mind-boggling. The lunch to which they will go to help you out. Even when you don't want to know. They will help you out. Even when you wish they would mind your own God damn business. They will help you out. Okay. Why don't think I can say that? Yeah. I can't say, oh, what's his name up there? Washington's going to get very upset. Allewis? Allewis. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Grandpa. Yeah. It's going to get really upset. But seriously, are we living in America? Or are we living in some kind of a fascist dictatorship? I'm really beginning to wonder that. It's ridiculous. So in other words, all these television pornographers can come on everyday to all these set shows and have all these freakos and wackos and weirdos and anybody and they do a strictly titillate the public and build ratings. I don't care what anybody says. We all know that's exactly why they're doing. I mean, even Donna, who admitted that? Okay. But if somebody says, do's bad on the air. The right away, we got a bunch of right-winged fanatics up there watching and we're going to get all upset and start a big song today. And we got to go through all this crap again because they're going to decide, you know, what the first amendment really means. Isn't that great? Now, have you ever seen any study that indicates that words, heard anybody? Never. Even children. They always use children. And they're raising a two. We're protecting the children. I got news for you. The smallest children who would ever hear a radio. Of any age. Your words. Far more graphic than the school yard. Every day than they're ever going to hear on radio. Everything. Is that correct? Every day? How did I get into this? Well, that's this is what we should be talking about constantly. 24 hours a day. Because that's all I want to talk about here. They're upset with it. They're just there. I'm just overrun with it. To the point where I'm just, it's coming out of my ears. It's coming out of every poor and my body. Okay. Like some kind of a Wild Disney. It's 1043 at Wild. Wild. Once the next dolphins came coming up, Oh, the regular season starts this weekend, right? Uh-uh. And the kings start this season Saturday. And we got the dolphins in the bills that the JRS on Sunday. And all man, is this exciting? Boy, I'm excited. And you know what Larry King said? One, so is that just speaking? To the hallowedale police. The level of the association annual dinner. I spoke in the Dan that had dinner. The gave me a certificate. Making me honorary, Chief of Police, so Helen, they're as far. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And you know what he told him? He said he was just doing it. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Uh, uh, isn't it great? There he comes on the air with his, with his pontificing BS. And he's a brilliant great broadcaster. We veered and admired by everyone except those of us who know it. And that's what's wrong with America, ladies and gentlemen, and a nutshell, that's what's wrong with this Dodd-for-saken douchebag place. I'm serious. I'm hearing those boots stopping in the background in a second. Now, wouldn't you have thought that all this would have happened under Heinrich Erregan? Because didn't the Mr. Bush talk about a kinder, jitter, fascism or something like that? Jay, I just don't understand what's going on here. It's just incredible. I understand what's going on here. Like inside this building. Okay, it's called non-compostmentists. We do have an opening in day to be like to join the passing parade here at WIOD at 7519463. And the Cherokee smiles with us here during these exciting four hours today. And of course, the book and Delray line is always open. We always say, a warm welcome for you to call on that line and say hi. How you doing? At 2789463, 278 WIOD. And here's the thing from Boy retard. I've got some ideas on readers cup coverage, but need your input first. See me when you get a chance. Well, I can't see him. This is from Boy Gary. I can't see any of these people because they're in constant never-ending football meetings. Okay? And the embarrassing part of it is they're not in meetings about the games that are going on this season. They're having meetings about next season's schedule. Okay? That's how far ahead. That's how obsessed they are. Okay. I just remember our slogan here ladies and gentlemen, at WIOD it's more than a game. It's a neurotic obsession. It's 1045 at WIOD. Let's take a call from one of our good friends in four of Waterdale. Hello. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Good. You look so nice and have your voice today. Thank you. Beautiful day. It's an amazing day for all those pennied-ass tourists to go back. Don't have all those long lines and all that heavy traffic. Can we just sit down and have been miserable together, right? They're damn right on that. There you go. Yes. I got you problem with my satellite. Would you like to interfere with it, sir? No, because I'm trying to get one myself. I'm going to go out there and go out there. Go out there. Those are on her and Jeff parts home address. And they'll help you get it all straight. Now even if you don't want them to, sir. I don't need their help. Thank you. You need to do one. Yeah. I want to thank you for turning the onto a good restaurant. Well, see there you go again. If Neil's all I never got into that part. I think it's that after that Tim Williams speech I heard yesterday. It was like day Joveaus. There was like sitting back in the offices and the emails of WIOD and listening to Tim Williams pontificate about my tremendous powers of manipulating the South Florida radio audience. You know, would you if I tell you something is great no matter how bad it is, you're going to listen to it. For example, if I told you that the smid green show is tremendous, you would tune it in right? No way. Okay. Good call. Okay. What were you saying? I went to Williams course for the first time this week at Autostand. Excellent. Excellent food. And I didn't realize that on Sundays they have all you can eat for like 5.49. I didn't know that is. Oh yeah, they had a sign to one on prospect. They were doing well. Well, maybe they tried to keep it as you could. They don't want me to promote that because then all the snorers will come in. Oh, I'll tell you. It was it was fantastic and I really want to thank you for turning me on to that. Maybe they do want me to promote it in the accounting sector. Can they just screw up as you? Well, but that would be a very rare here. Well, you know, what do you want? You've got you and the bird are great, but the people behind you that are trying to hold everything together. They saw a part a lot. Yeah. They follow. I think you have no idea how profound that statement has. You said they follow part a lot. I just thought about it for about two seconds and I think you could never have said it better. I appreciate it. Have a great day. Thank you. It's 10.48 at WOD after this very important message or two that we're going to pass along. Then I'm going to tell you about this remarkable power. I didn't even know that I had it. I have these incredible powers of persuasion. And if I'm indeed that powerful, I should at least be on the Jimmy Swagger show. I can see that. I agree. I do. I mean, who the hell needs this? We have a new name here. That is in fact, they have it up on the Marquis out front. It says, this is the blind leading the blind. Here at WOD, sliced a little bit. There's nothing you can tell and that penetrates. It just doesn't sink in. We could be standing in a tunnel and all the powers that be in the building. It could be walking with their heads down as they always are through the hallway. We could say the buildings on fire, there's an in tunnel one for your life. And they would look at you like, can you read that thing in the Wall Street Journal today? It's true, kids. Did you see that performance that Jack put on in court yesterday and the judge got all angry and threatened him and what? They're probably what's said here. They are so, I wouldn't even say one dimension. I would say they are non-dimensional. Because dimension implies something that isn't there. If I ran up to them at that time, it said the buildings on fire. If I ran up to them and said anything, they would ignore you. They would go, that's not important. There's that pest again. He needs to be removed immediately. They didn't say that. They're all very close. Pretty close. Close. Close. I gave them my word on it. They think I'm some kind of a loose cannon and that anything they say I will repeat on the ear, which is not true. But they were just at certain elements of the conversation with these upper level management people that were so shocking. Because I've heard it all before. And this is not part of the area or any of the areas that would be like classified information. But they're all these stations do all this research and these focus group. They pay all these big bucks. Giant bucks. They say like, slashing it down a toilet. They love. I could tell them the same thing in five minutes. But they wouldn't believe me. But when they start telling me that I can tell, in other words, you people out there are so stupid. Now this is a me saying this. This is them. All right. That I can tell you anything. And you'll believe it. In other words, if I tell you that the, I'm trying to think of a show that, that Bob Gordon on WFTL has got the greatest morning show in a history of broadcasting that you will believe it and listen to it and put it down in your diaries. So pay for the rating. Do you believe that? See, in a Zeta, doesn't this sound familiar when they tried to say to me, well, she's, we either got this gigantic audience anymore. Of course, now they don't have any audience at any time. But you've got this big audience and he's great demographics and a show is sold out. But we need to translate it to like afternoon drive. Right? And if you would just be more positive about the news, and I said to Tim Williams and Pete Boulder, Rose Foulder, I said, I could offer my audience $50 a day of peace. To listen to that news, and if they don't like it, they're not going to listen to it. Do you think that was an accurate statement? I mean, it might be some whom I take the 50 bucks and lie. You know, it's a, it wasn't. But you know, that's basically the point. If people like something, if it's good, they'll listen to it. I can't sit here and convince you that something that is in a Bomination is good. Right? Like Bush Bing Bang. No, Tim. Who is in a Bomination, by the way, who's going off real soon? And I also told them, you know, if you look, see if you've been here more than five days. You know something about this market. There has never, ever been. Ever. A conservative talk host. Would the exception of Alan Courtney, I'll get to that in a minute, who's had any ratings in this market. At all. And that includes all of them. Spellberg and Thompson and you may, but they're just thank goodness. Even though this is a Yahoo time, it just is a very small fraction of English speaking people who are in the that real far, ultra-right wing crack. Okay, thank goodness. Now, Courtney was an exception because in the beginning, he was a liberal, amazing we have. And the old people didn't listen to him because of his philosophy. They listened to him because he was on. You know what I mean? He was on for ever. Forever. He was the first one in a market. He was on here for 30 years. His audience was so geriatric that they may double your OLD. Look like a kindergarten. And that's the reason he had a fall. And not because he was a right wing or a left wing or if he had no wings. They would have still listened. Okay. And it was terminal. It was awful. How right you act. You know, that you know, four hours of that. But they just don't want to listen. See, the people, these people in mismanagement. They have to find out to them. So they've got to have it black and white. They can sit down with somebody who's been here or a group of people have been here a long time. And dispense these things intelligently because some of us already have been through all of this. We've been through the grinder. We know the incidents of this market. Right? Right? Almost 14 like the Bob Gordon show. And the big Wilson show. Not all of it. I'm big. Isn't ice-cut. No talent, but a nice guy. So anyway, I don't know if anything I've made has made her set has made any sense to anyone. But those of you in the audience who work for it. It's not just working for idiots. It's working for people who just don't even have the capacity to hear you. You can all relate to what I'm talking about today. They just can't. What was the station? Oh, is W.S. Remember the Kinder or Dean thing? But what used to have that breaker? He said, we hear you. That's correct. Remember that corporate? So we're going to have what I'm W.I.D. It says, we don't hear you. No matter what you say, we don't hear you. We can't hear you. And we don't want to hear you. No matter what it is. Because we have other important things that we need to keep talking about day after day after day after day. And so you are so tired of hearing about it that you're just going to pass out and nervous exhaustion. Okay? I don't want to hear about Jack Thompson anymore. Because Jack is full of crap. Okay? Jack makes up just outrageous crap as he goes along. And it's the Joseph Durbel School of the Big Live. He keeps repeating it often enough. Pretty soon people will start to believe it. And all about him lying is that nobody in Istanbul is any of it because they know that it's all a pilot crap. And there's just a bunch of psychotic garbage. Okay? And as far as the FCC has concerned, you know, all that stuff is eventually going to get thrown out in court. Because they cannot just tinker with the first amendment to the two five nerdy douchebags up there in Washington. And to pass to find all the right winners like Jesse Helms and all of his real. It just isn't going to fly and they even know that. They even admitted part of that. But I think we ought to have a long exhausted discussion about it when we come back after Henry Burrow and the 11th of clock news. Henry Hollywood did all the day. Okay. So 11.05 at W.I.D. The only way I'm going to straighten this up is during the news break there. And I do apologize for to Henry because I would have loved to hear the story about Rick Weaver. But during that break I went on the hall to see our sales manager. And his door was closed again. Yeah, I mean not all the way, but another one of these meetings. So what they're doing now, they're having the meetings today to decide what time the meetings will be tomorrow and Friday. Okay. No, no, I take that back. I'll be out of town Friday for six weeks. So I think the only way to do this is to have the audience called Jeff Clark who's our sales manager and tell him to get out of my satellite to show him to leave me alone. I think that's a good idea. Because I can't, I'm in the building, but I think they'll have better success getting the message through to him than I will. Because I can't, I can't reach him. They were having another football meeting this morning for six hours. See what they do is they like run through the dolphin express they go like through a dry run. And sunny and Joe, if I Joe was sweating up a storm in a sports booth, sunny and Joe have to like throw these long passes across the contest table. And not it's embarrassing. You know, they're running around there. So he's already lost 40 pounds. You see, he looks great. But he says this is a little bit too much. Okay, he's getting a little too low for this and it's embarrassing. And here the ball every night and like come down in the middle of the conference table and flopping the Disney space. So the number here at Wild, the office number is 759, 4th, 3, 1, 1. And I'd be very appreciative. Best is the office number. I don't want to get to switch for you all. She didn't even know who I am. I have to tell you that you know that somebody called here for Neil Rogers one day. I forget what it was about. And she said, I don't know who that is. GTR on a dry understand. Oh, buddy, tell me that. Well, maybe he knows who Jeff Clark is. He's the sales manager here at Wild. And I really appreciate it if you folks would call him nine. Don't be nasty, but just leave a message for me. Probably we'll have time to speak to each and every one of you. But you know, or but if you do this, probably nice to us. He's had a rough life and he's very confused by a very confused guy. Very confused. And explain to him just bug out a Neil satellite dish that he's getting it straightened out and to leave it alone. And he's screwing up my life. Okay. Does he really have that much time on this thing? And why don't things so because I can never get a hold of the guy. He just likes to always in there with the door closed. And you remember the guy who calls from the convenience store the other day? And we're talking about the time. And he's definitely why they closed the door. And they want the customers out? Yeah. I don't know that. Y'all make those do those. It's 11 o'clock at Wild. We do have an open line in Palm Beach at six five five. Wild. This is five five nine four six three. Call Springs. Okay. You must have just gotten off with Jeff part. You know, there's another call Springs. All of his voice on this one though, battle. Oh, since you came on three lines just not. I don't know. I don't know. So obvious the audience is really intensely involved. And what we're talking about today, we got like several open lines again. Just like yesterday all over again. I said yesterday no matter what I talked about, they just don't care anymore. They never cared in the first place. Under it, man. You know, I got so many. I got to keep people here. I need to get one of the sickle out of you. Okay. I'm going to get one of the people who want to say hello to me. Yeah, they want to say, oh, hold on a second. When well, no. This is one over. Yeah. Good. We don't do a week imitation call up the Alice Rental show tomorrow morning. The good luck to you. Get on Joey show. You can be a guy to impersonating a human being. Look at that phone board now, man. We down to three calls, Roger. Isn't that good? Wow. It might as well blow those three off too, huh? I've always gotten from scratch. Totally. This is just like yesterday. No matter how traumatic, no matter what's going on. Don't confuse these people. Will it they just don't want to talk to us anymore? That's great. Thanks a lot folks. Nice to see you're very vocal support. Anyway, I have a little bit of you believe that. Okay. It's 11 13 at W. Thank you so much. Our dolphin digest just came in. Look at that. It's my busy figure. I'm saying all alone in the middle of your robby's day and saying, where am I? And what's going on? The jet getting calls by the way, Sharon, but you need calls on this which for you don't know, Sharon just wants to keep a low profile. Stay out of trouble. Friday is her last day. I haven't had a gigantic party by the way. I hope we're inviting everybody who ever has brought food in the bringing tons of food and cakes and we share in the best. She's a great human being and boy. She is getting out of just the right time. I know, I see. I can graduate at her this morning. And I mean that sincerely from the bottom of my heart. Anybody who gets out of here now is doing the right thing. I asked me and pay here comes one of the reasons. Oh, there's walked into the control room as I spoke. Okay. Here comes one of the mean. Well, he doesn't have his lemon on a shoulder. But they have an operation where they can separate. You know that Sally Jesse the other day had signed these twins. I'm going to go on her show. Now I don't want to sound insensitive. But do you want to see signing these twins on television? And it was right after breakfast. So it was Friday. I think. Friday more. It was the most tasteless, the most exploitive, the most gross test thing that anybody could possibly do. And you know they were only exploiting it. Okay. Just like after rainman came out. Remember they had all those O'Jorn provocateurs, the vans coming on or whatever they got sure. And they're just exploiting those poor poor people and putting them on camera and pounding on the piano. Dude. You know, and all they're doing is exploiting. You see that's okay. That's all right. But God forbid that somebody should say penis on the ears. Something. Or right away they're going to have an earthquake out. And Jesse, how's it going to have a committee meeting? And they're going to meet with my kids. And they're going to meet with Jeff Parker. They can find them. This world is nuts. You know, it just absolutely nuts. There's an open line in Dave. It's 751 WIOD. Here's a mobile on the Boko line. Hello. Oh, well. Yeah. Oh, why? What do you want? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You just do. Oh, this is a good idea. WIOD. We don't need any of callers listed as calling in here this morning. We've got enough problems already. I shouldn't say that. You know him. Oh, it's so emotional and extensive. He's been pretty funny to last you, you know, kind of surprising. Okay, we have a open find in Boko at 278-9463-278 WIOD. Let's talk about less here for a couple hours. I think we can see a maximation on that. God, I'll might get this down. The things that you people, but don't forget no matter what I say. Yeah, is to show you how ridiculous that is. I can sit here and I can bring up 40 subjects in the first hour. And I can like when I used to do topics. Okay, and get all emotional and and there's not one person out there that will respond to with single one of them. Right. So obviously, I have this mesmerized control over the audience. Okay. For these people, man, they just make it up as the good call. 1117 and look at that. What I mean, is that he's a pain. But he's okay. I like him too. But he takes himself too seriously like that he caught a company called you and died. I don't even either. Yeah. But said I get hostile about. He said I ripped him. So who cares? And if anybody I know deserves to be ripped, it's less, but that's basically what I did. But he just lets Jacky zero anything about. Where's all these, all these sick of things that hang out with him on the roof garden up there. Oh, Mr. Wood, you go. Unless you don't have anything. All he does is bet on Jorge Duarte and Derek Estovato. Okay. And Derek's okay. He's a good writer. Don't give me any good mouth, but he's a good writer. And Duarte, I'm so glad he left out again. Holy Toledo. And if I keep having a lost and wound up in Toledo, that's, he just gets lost. Everywhere he goes, Duarte. Terrible. Well, I didn't rip him. I just wanted to pull him out there. Oh, I see. I did not. So what I heard? I did not rip him. We have a break. We have a break. We have a break. Well, we'll get to it when we feel like it. Okay. When you got as much power as I've got, you just do it whenever to have you feel like it. Okay, like about midnight. Now, we want to tell you about it. Now, I'm sure, what is this that you're doing? Please take all you want because you're like family in them. Oh, I'm sorry. What does that mean? You want to choose for her? Spencer? What's your got to do? Well, cancel burger. It's an alley burger. All right. You say you'll be real nosy within about a half an hour. What? What do you do? It's a tray. It's a tray. Yes, me too. It's a lot of 30, a WILIOWD. We have an open line and BOLKA. I just mentioned this just in case, Spencer is in the studio. It's not to impress. Just see a couple of open lines. You're not impressed, right? We've got eight lines and two of the Palm Beach lines are not lit up. They mean they don't like us up there anymore? We don't know. We'll take this. They don't have no, no, no. What is the idea? Well, I know. You know, something's Spencer? They have nothing to say. Because you know something, even when they do call, they have nothing to say. In fact, even in date of brown or the same as you do. They have nothing to say. They have nothing to say. Yes sir. We love you and they look at the color. Yeah, we love you and Boko. Oh yeah. Didn't work Spencer. There's a lot of me. Why do you love you? Nothing's happening Spencer. Why do you keep coming back? Oh you came back for a little lunch there, right? Oh you coming home home home home. Come home home home. Pat Attention On, Tommy. Come. The Thomas 6 Sahib Award supplier, that's just a... No no no no no. Come I guess today who does that and embarrass my yeah. That's it. No, and that's a Rnekeo. A little richer? Yeah. Yeah. Tuffy. Yeah. We're doing myself. That's like what Navernery is doing the birthday. Do we get like Johnny Carson? Yeah. Better Taylor. Hey. Good. Hey. That's Henry. He's a good boy. Henry just taking another swing and shut up. Okay. We got an open line at Broward 524WI. Do we want to keep these lines pulsating the day ladies and gentlemen. We want to build a crescendo for the King Show. And I had to kind of rush my Prumbo. There's a day reaction to the president's message on the drug war. Boy is that exciting? Huh? Just saying no to El Presidente. Boy. What a joke. I mean, yeah. Boy is so wimpy that nobody even cares about him. You know? And you notice it? Yeah. I mean, Reagan at least, even as malignant as he was, Reagan at least had some comic quality. You know what he was, he was good to make fun of and satirize. But boy, she's just such a total washer. That's not even worth the effort. You notice everybody basically ignores the notices no impression. Nothing. No fear. I agree and everybody did Reagan. Yeah. How could you do an impression of George Boy? There's still a thing that I've said about that flag. Golly. Yeah. Bye. Golly, King. But it shows there's still that they'll be doing Reagan. And when somebody dies, you talk about a cool stage. I remember one of the, I forget who it was. But one of our allies, one of the world leaders died. He's all about that. Oh, I know who it was. It was the Soviet, what was his name? What was it, Grimico? Andre Grimico? About the Grimica thing. Yeah. I want to send my sympathies along. I mean, he just sending something means it, okay. And then the rest of about Barty Mardivia, the day, it was, Oh, yeah. I'm going to be sure and send my sympathies. He was a great friend and really he had a lot for baseball. And he just, you know, he's a total washer. Okay. Yeah. See. It's 12 o'clock here in the magic city. And if there's anybody who's big singles, we certainly invite you to call a show now. And Broward, five, two, four. Oh, we missed Julie. She's a W.I.O.D. and, and, oh, that explains this way. See, this way, through all sampling, the joy, rental show. And we're having a hell of a time. And make it these phones light up the way they usually just like, like, buy-o with them. They're spontaneous. And this week, we're pumping these numbers. And I should realize with a debut with a joy rental show. It's going to be a big joe, we can't. Now I feel a little bit better. Then we got Rush Limbaugh for one of his last appearances on W.I.O.D. at eight o'clock right up to the Yankees at Seattle. There's that word again, the Mariners. Boy, are they bad at 10 p.m.? How the Yankees and the Mariners do last night? Does anybody know? Because the Yankees had won five in a row. And got, I hate to see them start building. Because in Bucky, Denny, it fired for sure. Let's go to this mobile and brown word. Hello. Hi, now let's do it. First time caller. Do you're calling from Stewart? Yeah. Now I'm Stewart. Oh. This is in the South Florida Business Journal. There was articles with our leaner-out to the public. Somebody called yesterday and please don't embarrass me. Didn't hear her first call? Yeah. Don't make it a real short one. Okay. Somebody called yesterday and we didn't make any sense then. And it's still will make any sense now. Okay. The fact is that all you lost, what is he doing in the South Florida Business Journal? What's the article about? What's it about? What are they going to watch more? It's about their history and radio on TV. Oh yeah. She's a giant in the industry. I have to go to work for you too. Her butt would cover the entire magazine. She had to go to work for you when they put it down in the paper as well. Yeah. Did I just say that this guy that we had to call about the yesterday? Well, then that's about it. Okay. Excellent call, Stewart. Nice first call. Stewart didn't see being hang on long enough. So let me make him understand that we don't have a hub already. Grudge against him. What is this? That's a good call. That's a good call. Well then. I want to get one of the lines. You're there, God's in my list. You're the best. You're the best. You're coming in the night. Right there. I don't like it. Do you? You don't like the original. Right there. No, I just don't think it's funny. Okay. Now this could be. I doubt it. It could be. I said. On the time of the goal. We just say that for some does it get us like to rock and roll. When you were dying high. Oh, tell a call on your days. Down on the beat. So can I pray. If you both say that you and I can't stand it back. We got a lot of we got a goal. We'll be some Jackson and the goal. I've become a weak soul of stuff. If I did my amnify. You can burn yourself all out. And the songs on the keys are kind of morbid. I can't walk the juggle. No. But I'm not in the sky. This is not healing as a picture. We're getting to know. In the sense where yeah, in the sense of something. But it's morbid. It just sounds morbid. I never think of that. Really. I wonder if it's morbid. Wait a minute. Let's see. 19. Please. We're working on it. Isn't this a repeat? What is it, make love not to worry? Now make a million full hours of the stories. If it's back in 60's, right now, I'll be happy. You're up in one week. Grab your ass. You're not six or five on your back. We're here. Yeah. I've got a race. You made it. That's not all way. I'm not going to get out and play it. Miss Tom. Okay. Miss Do we ready to go? Especially with that first official game on Sunday. Oh, here we go. This is going to get like a subset. So nice. So do I do? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. How do I do you see Jim? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. OK. Put you under the gypsum? Oh, okay. Here you go. Come on. You're pretty Doctor. I think that's fun. Slow down. chords. Good to see you. You're more than Superman than noir. Not new. OK. Elvis. with me. Yes. See? Okay. And at least. Where's all to zero? Ben. Don't sing anything like that. He is still in. Definitely me as today. Okay, wait. I don't care what you tell me that if it's ever you where you are. All across the nation, and I'm all over the nation's road stand. All the country nation, we be family star. We're not a year, I'm not a year. So, we're not proud of your death. We're so good. Okay, 20 past minutes. WR, that kind of life. Yeah, like the whole concept is matter of being. Okay, let's see. Look at this. We moved up on the next break already and that exciting. I'm going to kind of flip flop these two spots because the person who made the log again is displaying a mentality. Well, I guess it's the old WIO de-mentality again. Isn't it called non-composementism? Anyway, let's say. Long history, though. Okay, 24 past noon. He is daily where? He's a 24 after 12 at WIO of D. Let's get to these calls now because we promised to roll. I do a number on these calls. Did we? We're going to do a number on. Okay, hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. You still got a few loyal listeners and patient ones in Bulkah. We got a few patients in Bulkah. Yeah, right. Right. The bird might like to know that the Cicolvogadi Nuff six months, six months. Oh, but I'm not saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. And you're in the mood for a good deed? A good deed for a good cause. And you can pick. Probably not. Well, I'm not surprised if you say that. You know, with publics, without a free stamp business, a lot of us are stuck with them. Do you like us to send them in the U? Yeah. Okay. We'll do it. Good. Okay. Send him to my Disney. He's going to need him for you soon. Okay. Okay. Right. Have a great life. Do you do the same? Don't call us too soon now. The 25 past no one in WD. You think she does a favor because he called on a vocal line? Favorite. Mmm. You can get this gracious bread. So we have two pastry. Yeah. Yeah. So we have two. I know. You all know. So, you know. I know. What's he doing? I am. So it's a little bit more. Baby, you know what I want. I don't know. You know. And so you run down to the dread story. Get those. You know what? Get them. Get them. You know. Get them. Get them. You know. You know. What? That's a make it. You know what the name of that cut is? Close off two-page. Does that make any sense to you? No. They're stretching. What? Stretching? A point. Oh. I'm a news from Peripent Pictures. It's a story of one. She's ballet. I just love that hair on your back. A story of friendship. You know, you changed me a lot. Five years ago, I could have never gone out with a man who had less hair and it's just a knee. Directed by Robliner, when Sally got hairy. Hey, Sally. Is that a paintbrush taken out of your nose? You goofed, leaving a wall. His hair is receding. Her hair is protruding. A film that proves opposite to do a track. What? All I'm saying is that a man and a woman can't see friends without having sex. But in your case, I'll make an exception. When Sally got hairy, now playing at a theater near you, rated P. Is it an understatement on Jeremy's plane and that one has a hat? A mist ought to be great. Perfect for this thing. This is art. Somewhere near you right now, they're turning an auditorium into a giant moth. And that's an opportunity for you to make big bucks as a monster truck announcer. That's why you need to call a big wheel. And they're talking about a truck announcer in school. And big wheels, still hearing how to make your voice down big with echo. But not everywhere, ma. To go learn how to talk fast. But here, what they everywhere, I'm not much special. Get money waters, what you're much country's oversized, the mud. My church flies wide. No one has to say those truck names with authority. Giant super-crunched monster, a big foot, the available stolen. Awesome call, a call, a call, big goal. I'm up today for big wheels truck announcer school by calling 1-800-Trump. First one has to call over a more menu. What vote isress this boy? And save it for a rainy day. Thank God. Some other station. Whoa. Why? See this meeting coming up at close to our estem. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, man. Don't ask me. I don't have anything to do with those discs. All I do is bring them in here. 28 past new in a WIOD. What's this little hate car? The victims. Oh, it's say one of those movie things. The victims, motion pictures, MOCH1. I'm really inviting you in. What I guess to a sneak preview. The first motion picture to address the issue of AIDS is that effects a head of a sexual couple. I'll sure see, would not be interested in that. Okay, who's that on the bat line? I wonder, is that one of Nixon Nixon? It's the 1229 at WIOD. The Steve King Show described him in an exclusively on WIOD. That's because nobody else in town will hear it. Reaction to the president's message on the drug ward, guess to be announced at the later date. And then sports talk with Joe and Hank at 6.05. Rush Limbaugh, when your last chance is to hear this, a vile creature at 8 o'clock. And the infeees at Seattle at 10. And now we got three open lines on the board. I really think this is going to be it for me today. And I'm going to take a long rest. This is a somewhat flat in the face, isn't it? Are we doing something different than we ever did before? I haven't noticed. No, something. I thought we'd get in play with things to think their teeth and do like, you know, bottled water, gas or no gas, stuff like that. And it's just, in different today. And even once you are calling out, basically, useless as hell, aren't they? Yeah. It's true. It's not to make me want to put that disc back in their house. Almost. Almost. I enjoyed it. And then Roger said, the vase, body holly's first day. Is it his birthday? Is it his birthday? Oh, well, happy birthday, buddy. Let's have a big party for Buddy Holly tomorrow. Too bad he can't be here to be with us, but, Brian. But we remember him. Yeah, we sure remember him well. He couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack. He couldn't. You know, I mean, I like his music. But he couldn't sing at all. Let's be honest about it, okay? What was different? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I just maybe upcoming a rebuyack of his smash bag. Let's go as a rookie. Yeah. I can stop singers in the Hey girl and he's keep coming here with BMR and so I come up and write to the business with him. I'm the fan. Boy, what the talk is, man? So this is the set on it. He's a fan. I'm the fan. I'm the fan. He's a fan. He's a fan. He's a fan. He's a fan. He's a fan. There isn't that the fan scheme that you ever saw on radio. I hope this little conversation that's not little dull. There is a hint. A little of a nighty rocket on. There's week going with D on. Oh. This guy was terrible. This guy was on the New York. For a little reverb. There's a bigger thing. He was on the New York. He was awful. Be a Mitchell region. Anybody all used to over here this guy? Did you ever hear of him? Not at all. Okay. How much? Yeah. Did you? Not already. I don't know how many of you got. Okay. Hold on. How much you? No. I didn't even heal. All right. Line 4. No. That really. Okay. Five. Yeah. Do you ever hear of Be Mitchell Reed? No. Okay. Hold on. Six. On. No idea. These sounds like him though. Hold on. I think that guy's practicing doing knock-ups. Eight. Hello. Hello. Did you ever hear of this guy? The theory of which material is like Wilson? Yeah. Yeah. I think they just had to hear their last kiss. No. Who is this? The state. The state. Steve. Aren't you going to be on the air in a little while? Uh. Excuse me. I'm not that state. It sounds like Lee Foward Jr. Jr. He's a... The first me. Boy, what a line that is. When anybody says to me trust me, I start running. I heard of the crowd of phone call. The crowd of showdown. Who's in? Lee Foward. Well, I wish I would have heard that. And it was the really father. What? He's a jackpot. No way. He's got the son. Oh, I hear the hell of a peek at it. And he spread in a lot of rumors. Colbert called the Tommy yesterday that's a father called him. A spreading of kinds of ugly rumors is usual. You know, he's big trouble maker. Is it right? Is that the guy? Well, you know, since Levitt came back to Miami, somebody had a fill those shoes. Well, those are tough shoes to fill. Yeah. Size 18. Uh-huh. Please, this guy. This guy's got all the material. I can't, but what time is your show on? I had the call. It was because. Yeah. And you have a heard of nightmare on all street six? Well, yes. 79. I don't know. Why I'm saying you're 20-screen years. Big sound already? Well, not because last night. I was thinking about Neil because I was watching the car. So I'm a big co-fan. And I'm watching it in the same game. They had. That's night go. Don't go. And watch it. That's nightmare on Anderson's shoes. Yeah. Well, I got news for you when Pico and the Kilges both picked last night pitch for seven innings. I sure. And they hold the match to two runs. That's just a lot about the mess, not about them. The match should have been 20-0. Yeah. Yeah. But I was pretty good. They were just going to say, I know the Barry's would six be a rat in the again. No, they're not exactly harassing. They're just, uh, I think the word you're looking for is incompetent. Well, they're not really not harassing. If I quite did a contrary to telling me how wonderful I am and how I've got this tremendous power over the audience and I can just do all these incredible things. And I can't take responsibility for anything else other than these hours. But you're kind of a good and pill. This wise that they did say that. I was just going to say, you know, I was thinking about that. And I said, swallow this. Oh, actually, the great lineup on WWE with coming in the morning, you're the bad guy. And stand at the end of the head, it'll be incredible. Stay in. Stand. Well, you, you're really are regressing. Well, I don't miss it. My talk to him every day. I know that we don't get to talk to him. And he still has no show, believe me. But it's better than what's on a table. And on a sear starting at again, in fact, Steve just, Jay, I swear to God, just as you said that he walked into the control room. And you're wounding this poor guy. Well, you leave him alone. He's working for a bunch of the brain dead moron. No, because it took a lot to go to the right to run, say John. Well, you are desperate. I have a great day. I think I was kind of interesting. It's just, until he started bouncing Steve mercilessly there, it's 1242 a W.O.O.D. we have it over the sea, didn't hear it. And more he's beyond that. So he doesn't care. He's beyond that point. Oh, how does he feel to know that you're working for morons? Does this, doesn't it disturb you a little bit? I don't want to, you know, may, may, there he goes. He's going to put a message. He's not coming in here, but he's putting it on the screen. I mean, these people are so, they're embarrassing. Oh, he's used to it. Yeah, well, that's true. I've been having this this long. But it's huge. I mean, it's frightening. If these people could get a hearing aid and just hear anything you're saying to them, and they just, they don't absorb anything. They need to get derosy with some bounty or something in this place. You know, because they're just totally non-absorbing. Oh, God. Anyway, we have an open line. I don't want to say non-absorbing because then I die up and Washington will get all up. So they're going to be the FCC, Alex, Rebecca, whatever his name is. 655, WIOD is shocking. We do have an open line in Palm Beach. I know that comes as a tremendous surprise. That guy was a pretty good car. Was he was prepared? He sounds like he could be doing 8 to midnight, pretty. No, they, well, it isn't a secret. I guess that part of our conversation. And they don't ask me who I'd want because they would never hire the people I want anyway. But they are going to get somebody replace Bush Beng. They're like a real living and breathing person. Yes. That's the word I think what they probably will do because they don't want to go overboard in the beginning. Whoever they hired to do nights, they will have them take to show first. No, no, no, we'll run the take. Because we don't work very nervous about putting too much live programming on WIOD. Right? And so I had to put it on tape. And then we'll run it on delay. All right? Yeah. That way, you can never look. You can never be too safe. You work at WIOD. Well, I heard they run the delay when they run back. Well, we're going to have what we're going to do is we're going to have Nick edited tapes. Then we'll play the tape and still run it on delay. Yeah. And how's that for being cautious? So they do unsendered right. They want what we're going to do is during the 8 to midnight. We'll bring about four lawyers to sit in the, well, there's a lot of room in this studio. Right? And where there's nobody in here when the tape's your play. And they'll sit in here and they'll, one of them will hold. They'll take turns. Like, I'm piers, you know, rotate in a baseball series of the Empire starts in home play. And then they like rotate around. I thought that was the same. We'll have a panel of four attorneys in here. And the head attorney, if I can say that, will be the one who's fingers on the dump button. Okay? And he's got seven and a half things. They have a little, little, many conference when the guy says, Grapster, cute, zoom. I'd dump it. I'd dump it. I'd dump it. And then he'll, whoever said he'll make the final scene. Okay? Not trying. Oh, it's pathetic. 1244 at WIOD. Miami, hello. Welcome to a real place. How are you doing, man? Oh, we're doing great. See, this is what it's all about. Listen to the calls. This will battle on you on the south, man. We leave it tomorrow at Chicago. How are you? Yeah. Listen to the unfortunate tense of week and I got the cause game on Friday. Are you going? Yeah. You got tickets for it. I must see why he's on. I best for a little there. The lawyer. That's going to be great because there must be impossible to get to the town of Cardinal series. A big while here. How long you got to be there? Oh, the hour. Got the whole week and then I'm driving to Wisconsin, Saturday. Watch the case. Why? There's a little hour a while, child. I think I think it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a stupid bit of a stupid. No, not that. That's a big man's gun. This is not a funny more, you know? I know. I'll just try speaking to the co-pierrel something. I think if the bears want to bring back some fun, he should bring people in back and say, coach. Well, don't you remember Big Sack 8, give her any he was like about 400 pounds? I want to 25 of me, I'm not that old. No, he was just wasn't that many years ago. I think he had given it was there right before Dickson. I thought I believe. I don't remember. I'm a little bit of a good house. Yeah. Jack Cardi, the coach before. He was. He was pretty forgettable. He had a beer belly to size the state of Iowa. Really? Yeah. The burn on watching the 17th of January, you're a saint. He looks really cute. Wow. Great. But are you serious? What? She's a two bush for you. Yeah. You know most of those women tennis players, man, it could knock you into the ground two seconds just with a stiff upper cut. No, since I've seen her in a person the year 14 days, she looks a little bush. Boy, boy, she's a little bush. Boy, boy, she's a little bush. Yeah, that's a little bush. That's a little bush. Yeah, just a little bush. Yeah, just a little bush. Like she'd like to drive her pickup truck over your feet. Okay, listen, have a great time. Give us a call from up there. There be a chance. Oh, I've been a couple. We're doing the weekend so I'll call your Monday. Okay. I hope to go sweet the light. Well, I got my singers and legs crossed. Because I'm a new york, but I hate those met. I'm an eighty cent. Well, how did the eighties do like? Why does that snite call the two? Six-in-a-rel boy, look at it. Oh, it's over now, you know. Yeah, that's right. George Baby is, I guess, bucky is maybe safe to lead in the next week anyway. Those brothers are very careful. Back in the race. Okay. Good luck to you. Hey, man. Boy, there's a real dreamer, huh? And here friends and watch please. When you 11-9-8 see you later. We're done. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And that was this. Oh, yeah. Even I don't think even Ricky Tickie would have done that. Let's watch back there. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What's the matter? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's a good mood. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a nice hour. Age's fine on the ground. It sounds like there's a marble drill castle. I hear those little birds are sizzling on the grill. Watch here. What happened? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's a good one. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That was so cool. No wonder nobody wants to admit to it. They ever heard of B Mitchell Reed. It won't think about our audience, man. No matter what you ask, they don't know the answer. No. They don't know nothing. They know absolutely nothing. Zero. There must be something. Well, you know, we had cousin Bruce in the studio yesterday. That didn't seem to do much for anybody. And I'll leave you your way and I'll have to be out there powoting because of the match. But you're real cried babies. 1248 of Wild Steve reaction to the president. That's what he said. Yeah. You don't believe it. I don't know. I don't know. I believe us. It's a very powerful answer. I think sure about to be a vicious guy who really is. Oh, anyway, we back. One, oh six. W. Did we got a call from Vegas Sunday? What the hell's that about? We don't, uh, do we want to talk to that? Ha ha ha. Well, wait a minute. What's all a mongenist novel? This is supposed to be a book. What is that? Oh, yeah. There's something. Yeah, Rosen's got it here, man. What is it? It's thin. Ha ha ha. It said a copy of my first book, Human Destiny and Woman Liberation Movement. Somebody wrote a book that's this, a literate. Ha ha ha. It says, and look at all the non-linear here. What is this? Wait a minute. The unknown man, please. What the hell is this? Ah, I'm not going to open the window. It's got his cut. It does. It's got, yeah. Jackie. Well, I'm glad you made this to watch this. I got to watch my knee. Oh, this is Rose. Wait a minute. It's wrapped again. And now you're wrapped for a year. Wait a minute. Who the hell is going to wrap in it? Look at that. There's really a book inside. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Oh, there is. Huh. Kind of a mithyl, you can do this. I have a system professor in Miami University. I have the University of Miami. Oh, excuse me. Oh, look at all the junk. What did they do inside of that package? I'm afraid we can't even repeat it on the air. Well, let's do all the folks in Washington get it. Look at this. From some douchebag in Miami shores. What's the call? It's talking about a bill of concordia. I think that's what was in that package. Oh, close. The book tells the story of the biggest cover-up in the history of all mankind. I wish it would have covered up whatever was in an envelope. Oh, oh. Oh, hey, that's some of the gut on the table that it's growing. So like a killer, uh, tennis cylinder or something. Okay, I guess there's somebody in Vegas here waiting patiently on the line to tell us something. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. How's it going? Don't they, Bert? Who's this? It's Joe Jr. Oh. Ha ha ha ha. What do you want? What's going there? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. You're such a stupid up an envelope. That had all this money in it. Okay. We're supposed to wait for the hamburger to be at one time. Oh, those were all. Right up here. Those were petrified. If they call on an account number. Nothing. What? We've my lips. Nothing. Zero. Zip the doodon. Not a thing. I heard that they are going to the monitor on Zeta, huh? Hmm. What did that happen? They're talking about that out in Vegas. Why? I don't know. Secondly. Kick an ass with 50,000 colors. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the lightning round on the Neil Roger show. So, what? Who's Ray, you know? What's the belly high? What's the belly high? Good. Well, incredible. I got that in the mail. Must have been from Dave Graveyard, huh? I guess. Wow. Thanks a lot, Dave. No, he said Dave. What is your story, Joe? Oh, that's anyway. Is it nothing? I moved out here tonight. You moved out there? Yeah, I got a dad moved, pal. No. Well, that's what I mean. It's a little too exciting out there. I think the country should not go get to you shortly. Yeah. Oh, listen, I'm kind of pissed. You were, um, before you went on your vacation, and you promised me you'd play the casinos. He never did. Well, I can't find it. Well, I'd order the casinos. Huh? I can't find a record, okay? And how do you know I never did? Because I listened. Well, I can't find it. Um. Hmm. Hmm. I don't know. Well, that's about it. I don't care. I'm living over here. Yeah, obviously. Well, I'll find that record or not. Is the, you know, the hinging on the rest of your life. I guess I might have been trying to make this. I don't don't have it. Okay. If I would have had it, I would have played it. Okay. But for you to bring that up again and try to, like, give me a, a guilt complex. I can't believe that. I was like, really, I'm really depressed. What are you going to make a for just a minute? Okay. Hmm. 11 past one at WIOD. Let's go to a real city. Boca. Hey, you know. You know, how I go to a flag or incident. And we're going to go again and we're going to stay away. So 11 after one at WIOD. You know, you idiots that call with these four of you boys. He's told me if you just too bored with the streets of the Bronx. So I just get lost. I'm going to go back to Brooklyn and show everybody your two colors. If you're part of that expression. Okay. 11 past one. Boca, can't believe I'm going to juggle with someone. She's got this log so screwed up. I wanted to go. I wouldn't wish this log on, on tall, lie, a little. Yeah. Now I mean, it's, who does these logs now? God, I'll mighty. Oh, what's your name? She wasn't competent enough. I guess she didn't kick her mouth shut. Huh? She was everything. I got somebody doing these logs now. I just, um, well, it kind of fits. It's like every other part of the day-to-day business here at WIOD. It's, uh, I think the word I'm looking for is disaster. Isn't that what it is? Anyway, we want to remind you, speaking of this word. That's something, you know, but it only got two hands. Uh-huh. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Don't be so stupid. Yeah, that was better. Yeah. Okay. Let's take you call from Papa, no, hello. Hi, Neil, hi, bird. Yeah. It's Ryan Sharp, he's a compompetal. Uh-oh. Why don't you try to guide, I've been labeled chronic. I heard the other day. Mm-hmm. I can't believe it. I finally did it. Yeah, this is, right? Yeah. Yeah. But you are. You have bed look on your Facebook and he said that, Neil. Uh, well, I could see what he said. Yeah. I thought the joy-real show would be. Hey, Neil, one of my subacvers who went to a store there. Did Joey use to kiss you before he had his TV show? Oh, no, no, no. Or is that to, like, show this up to you doing now? Like, it's like, kind of be like, you know, all the other- Joey kisses everybody. That's true. Hey, you did before this- I don't like it. I don't like it. Well, you really, I like everyone kiss me. No. But they didn't do that before the TV show though? Yes, yes he did. He always done it. I didn't like it then, and I don't like it now. So, oh, if I can make you out of 100 million on his TV show, he leaves some cash with every kiss and it's a different story. Of course, they have a name for that, but that's beside the point. But you know what you're going to do about your finger now? The damn finger? I don't want to discuss it with you. I don't want to do it before it's WIOD, because you're sure, but just hearing your voice brings many immediate possible answers to mind. Let's say you call for a Miami. Hello? Hello? Huh? Isn't that straight? Oh, there it goes. I like hearing the click. That's definitive. I don't know that you've been trying. You know what I mean? I don't know. Okay, well, the nice song you've been trying up that line long enough. Okay, now we got some open lines. It's one in date. Anyway, 751WIOD. We got Hank and Joe on sports trucks, and I and Joe is going to put Hank on his spot. And ask him why he's such a trouble making puss. And then, for Joe, that's going to be quite a, not really, quite an accomplishment. And then we got Rush Limbaugh, one of his very last appearance on WIOD far by theankies at Seattle at 10. Hurricane's on Saturday in Wisconsin. Boy, there would be playing a tumpy guitar, huh? That's right. He's at the girls team or the guys. And, of course, the dolphins, and this is no laughing matter, take it on the bills at Joe Robby Stadium on Sunday. Oh, boy. Now, is that game black, too? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. On beach. Hey, Neil, I'm doing. Okay. Hey, bird. What's going on? Go ahead. Go ahead. Hey, hey. When you guys are... Why you? I don't know. Come on. Now, don't fall apart on a trail. I'm not falling apart. Well, I'm not very important prombees line. And as soon as I punch you up to other lines, dropped off. I mean, you got an important responsibility for you. Hey, I was already. I'm hanging on a... We were lucky to get through the whole show here today. They're showing, uh, bandie, you know, a blockbuster, no. Twins. Bandie? Yeah, bandie. Oh, bird. Do you remember watch bandie? I'm not talking about six months before the show. Remind me. Yeah. Well, what do you tell what do you say? I'm not saying. No, bandie. You know, okay. Bandie, or the movie bandie? The movie bandie. What is me? Right. And then you got flower to go up to bandie. Go up to bandie. But bird. Oh, not only boys and ex-y. We once were all of that. You know, this is a fun beach line. Yeah, I can't expect too much. Hey, listen, anything you want is long ago. A couple of minutes. Let's see. We got seven of it calls, two minutes. And what about the show? It's almost like this. Right. The, be another trend in some time next week. They are telling us because we don't, don't show any sense here. We don't care about any of those things. All we care about is Jack and the FCC. That's all those are the only two things that we care about. And they're like, three cartwheels and did he change you underwear at it? These people I'm telling you are just making me sick. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I'm making me nauseous. Yeah, when you go on the kitchen, you know, I got that. When they start telling me again about how much power I've got and how I can manipulate the audience. Whatever I like, the audience will like you know. Oh, God. I mean, that sounds so familiar to me. It's like it makes me want to breast every meal. I've eaten for six months. Yeah, I do sure it's pretty high. I just don't know. I think they've been attending. You know, all these days when they've been out of town. Yeah. I think they've been attending the Tim Williams School of Law. If I'm afraid of it, I really am. And it sounds so familiar. If I'm on a connected school of broadcasting. And you know that Tim Williams boy, why is that small term where we shouldn't talk about it? Well, listen, have a great day. Sir, you didn't contribute to the Lopper. You killed two or three minutes and that's what really counts. Hey, well, you know, we try to help you out when we're okay. Okay. Have a great life now. Are you taking a fine? I'm 28 at W.I.D. This is great. And at Boar on the stretch run as they say, I'm going to even be daring and turn the CD player on again. No, I'd be last at the end. I should have right on. Yeah. I'm going to find the way to overdo it. I don't want to take too many chances. That's a hell of a shit. What is this? I don't know, but I sure don't want to hear it. I'd like to hear that. I still want you. That's what I like to do. You know, the interesting thing is, I used to like him until he added the third name. I don't like this melon camp. I think he took that third name away. I'm serious. I think he's distracted John Coozer. The piece smart. I think he will do it. He's not a town. He's full of the coob. Yeah. Mike Lyons is kind of just filling the breach. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. He's full of town. Mike Lyons is kind of just filling the breach there. He's heard him this morning. In the morning, it's it is. They kind of float away and do never and ever. Yeah. They got the morning to him now. No. Okay. So when it comes out of point three or the next trend, you'll know that was just a float. They've been refining it and refining it. They finally got it. They've got it now. They got my clients in there. They'll do it. Yeah. Every time. They're running out of WOD, the bulk of line and the prombe's line. They kind of excite symmetrical. All the other six lines are comfortable. And those two kind of like bounce out the board. They're just nothing going on. And like even Spencer, we're shopping up to know that those people have nothing to say. He's right. It's kind of like some of the people inside the building. No. There's no point in meeting with them because they have nothing to say. But I'm looking forward to my two o'clock meeting with our sales manager. Because I'm just, I have so many things to tell him. You know I've been. I bet you do. I maybe we ought to bring it to it a little early and bring it on the air and conduct it inside the studio. Hmm. I know, not especially. Don't you find in life that we use say something to somebody. At least this is my philosophy. Say something the first time. And you try to say it reasonably and calmly. But emphatically, get your point across. And it falls on deaf ears. Then you say it a second time. And you start getting a little sorely. And you try to be more in fact because you realize that otherwise it's going to be useful. And you do. And then the third time you scream and you shout and you carry on and you just. You go nuts and you do your damnedest to leave a lasting impression. I just have. It's possibly me for gun. And then low and behold. What do you do the fourth time? What is obvious that you know the old expression where there's no sense. There's no feeling is coming into play. I mean, I have said certain things to this individual to the power of just tearful frustration, especially as regards my satellite dis situation and just. And then all of a sudden you do it like 180 return around when you least expect it and do something in and bizarre. I don't get it. And then when Disney says to me this morning, well, who does that dish belong to? I said, well, what you're talking about it belongs to me. I paid for it. And I owned it. Station has got nothing to do with it. Bug off. Right? Don't give me so much assistance. You know what I mean? Well, you can tell this wall over here. You can start to go fall. You see that mug that. Tlaw that went on abroad and with a birch beer. I could take the cap off of that and just talk into the Macmolo reverberating sounds in there. And at least it was left in the bottom with ripple a little bit. You know what I mean? It would have some lasting effect. At least a temporary impact. It would cause a little ripple a little wave in the birch beer. But boy, I mean, talk about hopeless. I thought, you know, it's a problem because it can't happen. But if everybody could be in business for themselves. You know what I mean? I mean, it's just ridiculous because if we can't do that. But that would be the idea of where each person was like an individual contractor. And we all were on bus. They never had to work for some idiots. Some in basil, okay? I know. Boy, do I know? And the thing that I love is they keep telling your man where behind you and we're spending all of his money and we're fighting this maniac and we're doing this and we're doing that and man. We don't, you're just the greatest thing since life. But they keep putting you in a position like you are. Oh, geez, I'm so grateful for you. I'm so glad that I know, I'm not a gravel, you know what I mean? What they used to have in this time period, I wouldn't wish on WFT. I wouldn't wish on the motivation station, okay? The numbers and the demographics, they used to have in this time period. So we don't need to keep re-hashing the fact how great I am. What we need to do is like go on with life. Is that possible? No. I guess I'm being unrealistic again. You know how we fall into the we laps into these old habits again, and being just unrealistic and having unreasonable expectations. One, thirty-four, a WIOD, a function of my shows that every one of you is a moron, okay? The extra whoop, yeah. Did it? Rearge. Mindless. Do you realize that there are people starving and these stations are paying money to these fakers and consultants for code unquote research? And you know what? When all the research is done, you know what it shows you? It shows you things that any moron could have told you right off the bat to be in. Of course. But there's so insecure and there's so incompetent that they have to keep re-enforcing it. Oh gee, look at that. Look how popular this one is. Look how they're in the book anyway. Isn't it? It's all there in the ratings? Oh god, they just keep spending and spending and doing these focus groups. And having people repeat the same things over, no. And the only reason anybody wants to do that is because they don't know what they didn't who is that? This boy here? That's not a boy. Yes, it is. I want to say I say, the tank is going to be writing things down again. I can't see the picture. Was upside down. Boy falls in love with boxes. Oh, how old is he? Well, I want to tell you about this in the evenings. I don't want you to read it, okay? Why? Because I don't trust you to read it. Because you'll say disgusting things. What? Cuddling. This is Roberto. Oh, he's 36. He is not. He's a teenager. Oh, he's ugly too, any? Boy, thank God he's ugly. Because I sure owe. She's still wanting to look at him. See, I can't look. You can't look. Like, are you the senors players of the close to like under 30? Oh. Oh. Yeah. Well, I was so. I wouldn't. I would be looking at a young woman at age. Okay. Well, I said it like maybe the age of, um, um, Katherine Hepburn. Is she still living? Yeah. Well, there you go. There's a good place to start. Oh, ha ha. Anybody who's Katherine Hepburn's age over you can look at. Look at only. Oh, okay. No, I didn't. There you go. 222 and WIO. Jay has a call from beautiful. He brings Florida, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, I do it. Or is this see bringing New York? Be bring Florida. That's what I saw. He will be here this morning. Well, that's great. Sounds like it's exciting. You got it. I know. I was your dream finger doing. My dualist, Jim, and. Yeah. And I say how to come a friend down there. Steven George. Oh, a couple of real douche bags. I understand. Yeah. He's trying to say that on the air because they'll get all up. And I'm watching it again. You know. Yeah. Hey, um, you know what you can do about that. James finger. Yeah. I know. Oh, ha. He disappeared in it. Yeah. I want to do it. How do you know, I, O.D. Miami. Hello. Yeah. He was in sobering like I'm in Paul Holt. Yeah. Yeah. Bear with him attempting to break my maiden here today. I just had a couple of items. Oh, yeah. It's like most of the horses I've been on a colder. Like do these red shoes the other day? You know that. So I can make them void with George Dwarthe who stopped at the holiday and for a good night's rest. Yes. The sports promotion of W.I. Who did with the, uh, I know who was a hungry man. Isn't he about famous by now. You ought to invite him in for lunch with you one day. I think starving would be the operative. But don't forget those are only exhibition games this week till Sunday. Right. But then it's really going to be something. Probably your good friend, hang gold for the range that for you. Well, he's a bit my best friend. But we're not on speaking terms anymore. He turned out to be a real punts. Another item to, uh, for Steve King, uh, uh, early in a lot of the seven kind of picnic this Sunday at Tropical Park. Isn't that great? Did he get his invitation? Yeah. If actually this was opening it is, you know, I mentioned that. He has to raise up. There's going to be free food here. Yeah. My Steve is going to be attending. He wants to kind of mend his fences. Okay. Tell him to look for today and number one. Okay. See you guys here. Very terminal call. 142-2-2. I do that, uh, what? Two. I'd have to join me directly. You know what?