very happy for him. Soldier of Ex uh oh the album is just called Donny Osman I didn't know that. There's an honest call or need to be said anyway they did a thing on Fox Saturday night about him yeah remember the name of the show because they're all the same they have reporters notebook and crime reporters stop book and uh they're all the same but anyway it was pretty interesting and the guy's name from capital records see this is on capital well it's yeah this capital the guy's name is like Alex Spagget if you had a name like that wouldn't you change it if that's right Mr. Fagget please report to the mean and now but anyway Donny Osman I was thinking Donny Osman one of the very few people who looks better now than he did 10 years ago when he least when he shaved what kind of back of the sample he looks better but he's got that scrappy George Michael stuff forget it but anyway uh and his music is pretty interesting and I'm gonna play hold on as a new single I'm are they playing that at GTR got only knows you know Donny Osman done GTR well it couldn't hurt it sure couldn't hurt I'll tell you that anyway the world series started Saturday and as soon as the game started I changed my whole approach I was gonna be for the giants all I have no interest neither team and as soon as the giants came out on the field I said I hope open wins in forest rate I hate the giants with a passion and it looks like that's gonna happen open is probably gonna win four in a row and sweep and just dispense with the giants and then also the great part of it is open playing great except for Josec and Succo who's doing nothing either red batter in the field he's embarrassing himself so it just turned out perfect I couldn't have scripted it better and I know of course you're excited about the dolphin went over the bangles yesterday and just ripped that bangles are one of your favorite grits with that good do it yesterday they got a little cocky they're early in the game they started out with that sugar whatever that thing is they do and by the it was turning to mildew by the end of the game the dolphins put them away and I was great boy that was incredible. Poor those announces by the way on NBC that we're doing at dolphin game we talk about a couple of morons cheese that it was incredible I have no idea who they were but I'd sure like to find out that was the worst telecast in a history of the national football they get had to be even worse than when Sam Nova used to do some of the games but anyway that takes care of that and we're here to play a lot of music between now and two Stan was on on Saturday and Stan Show would have been excellent headed not been for the interference of the nickel orange again who stuck an amoria tabahawk aka i'd be babbling in on the show see that the bottom line let's do a little break here when we come back I'm going to explain to you what the machinations of what's taking place here at wio d anybody I don't like Nick now either one of two things either is going to put him as a guest in somebody show or better yet get in their own show that's the new that's the way this is what is this thing worth about thirty million dollars easy yeah thirty forty million dollar property is being allowed to be run by a mountain pad douche bag out there somewhere wandering around in the building who's the whole goal of life is to aggravate the rogers is that basically it he wanted somebody's phone number don't mention it on the air because then that party will call in but some young twenty he wanted her phone number so he could put her on the air no doubt in the evening hours is against to come in and make her irresponsible remarks so places out of control but that of course is nothing new we're approaching a year here and I will say this is each passing day goes by it becomes more and more out of control doesn't it I think that's a good expression for it it's ten thirteen a wio d will be right back or check with miss log if you look at the third hour I mean it's long today I wouldn't wish this on Joey Reynolds okay and I think he's got a mistake or two in here as well but he got two of the same lots of thought in the third hour she usually does anyway it's ten sixteen a wio d we don't want to start out especially in the middle of the circus and everything we don't want to start out on a negative note oh this is a call about Stanichel no wait a minute hold on first of all we don't have the delay on would be nice okay that would be real nice marvin yeah and I didn't hear anybody there but they might still be there it's good thing that they weren't because I like I like to let that build up just in case okay that that we don't trust you folks but it's just good common practice good rule we don't trust and not trust you as far as we can show you okay we trust each of you as much as we trust Nick Lawrence all right you don't think Steve had anything to do with this new wave of hysteria that's going on with Nick you don't think he's gonna even do them because they are joined it to hip our thing kind of like sign these twenty's twins and I had a little accident it's gonna save us a lot of aggravation because we have a show to do here and I dropped the whole promo sheet in the way fast get right at ten o'clock when I sat down here just accidentally dropped it in there and now it's like lost I can't find it so anything else that's on the rest of the day I don't I don't know what it is okay we've been there somebody here hello oh no yes there is somebody here are you on okay I don't ever okay hey Neil I don't know what's the store on the stand major thing he's got this year favorite I'd be batman on there didn't hear what I just said I hear you but uh what's the give us girls uh measurements and everything over the radio they trying to get her a data what uh it was all Nick Lawrence who is responsible for this again he voiceded her up pronstan after I ripped her for a couple of days so again I want to make it clear to anybody that I ripped or I don't like I don't dislike her personally because I've there are met her I don't know her and I have nothing against her personally but she doesn't belong on the arrow okay certainly not doing a talk show or being a twenty and immediately Nick uh voiced in her upon stan unbeknownst to the program director of the programming department and right away begin interfering with stan shows the first week that he's on you think he read the mantle well and the guy doesn't need any help he can do four hours without problem he never had to give the numbers out the lines were ringing like crazy and a lot of people are glad to have a living and breathing person now but Nick continues interfering in creating problems where there aren't any of the zensee or questions well stand uh follow the scroll she's the boy yeah i'll be back here next week so if she's gonna be regular on there uh i wouldn't hold my breath okay i don't hold your breath in fact if you want to take up an office pool on it you could make a lot of money that Benning she will not be back next Saturday okay okay there's uh who's gonna last longer her joey well i think it's interesting question we can start a pool on that he's got a week to wait joey is like day by day well then i want to know i love your show and uh you are always a day now okay have a great circuser oh i'll try that okay ten nineteen a w i would be was good that was our first call wasn't it was very afterpole and the life goes on here in the magic city it just amazes major it's just shocking i this is the only word i can think of i hate to steal from j micle oh shocking is the word that just comes into my mind about the crap that goes on and they just allow it i mean i would i would take some of these people i can a little a small room like a little tiny room closet somewhere and just find like a cattle prod and do terrible things to mentally finally got some message don't you think that might help but it's like they're just some people out of control and they just can't uh can't get a grasp on them right speaking about a control your good friend we don't want to leave uh joony dark out of this either he uh he and i are basically in limbo for a long time after his performance in the other day i'm not joking he to he gets on my nerves probably more than anybody else even worse than Nick okay which is saying a lot because when i see nick i want to just vomit but uh johnny dark just drives me nuts he's the most arrogant individual like uh always looking down his note oh these microphones are uh these are past hey nobody in America usually the man has in work for years now that only oh's how long he's been he's been trying every station even tried amico and they wouldn't hire the fact that's how many stations he's trying to get into and uh he comes in here and it's the same old crap and the thing with am stereo and he's like knows everything to the point where just gets on your nerves what maybe he could go to um what are those places where they teach you etiquette you know what i'm talking about he too that it could yeah like um you know what i'm talking about there's a name oh man i can see you're gonna be a big help this week i know what it is and teach you ever yes where they teach you manners and etiquette and little um something a little class well yeah Marvin doesn't know he wouldn't know the meaning of the word i don't know Emily post or something like that that's not the one i'm thinking of but like Emily post my another she is yeah to teach him a little bit of common sense anyways 21 after one and then he muscles in here and he just filling his fat face constantly and just um keeps mumbling and finishing school yeah that's all all finishing school where he gets finished and uh another thing you started to do is like he talks while i'm on the phone he starts talking with you and with other people in the room and he starts like it's kind of like we're in his way almost like this is his headquarters and the place to come because he's bored and has nothing else to do and he's getting on my nerves or we're gonna get it all out today this is a good way to start the week get it out at the beginning of the week and by Friday it's gonna be like paradise this is it? yeah right no what's that called Johnny DeLima yeah he left his a couple of interesting cards so we got the cards John we don't need to see your fat face anymore and your big ugly body we got the cards anyway if anybody saw the thing on Donnie Osno I guess it's yeah it's still I get nervous talking about Donnie Osno you know sure he's still up I do know interviewing all these girls you know who were like in the early 20s and they were saying when they were eight and 10 and 12 years old that you know what puppy love it he was like a little and Donnie and Marie on TV and all that other crap and now that there a lot of people in that age group for afraid to admit that they would listen to his records because he still has that image of course yeah absolutely he said an interesting thing though which coming from him I've always respected him because he didn't go along with that real religious right we remember when what's your name tipper girl was running around with all that crap about regular albums and he released was one of the handful of people that stood up towards said you're full of crap basically and it's very nice Mormon way but he said he's not selling sex but he's selling sex appeal and he said that's what life is all about and it doesn't fly in the face of his Mormon upbringing and I thought that was pretty amazing for him to say the hand wasn't it and you know the record you played like a lot of stations when they first started playing it didn't say who will work they showed that yeah they showed that way is that they didn't the in fact he said that if he hadn't made this comeback with this album that he was going to change his name and start another band kind of like getting in the cruiser's thing and the kind of like hide his identity which is pretty frightening so I guess being wholesome is a bad thing in America it's like the on-murthing for example brings too much milk and that's why he's not the big superhero that he could be if he go out and get drunk him to start messing around with other people's wives and he could be his biggest weight bonds okay it's 1024 a wild will be right back hey bitch here was the arraggies sit on the radio yesterday and he called that over media well you know what he said you know you could waste the meal I thought you were happy you were fit I went the entire time to wait your life you know more and more here my dad this is an odd building too so good thing meal doesn't charge people to listen he can make a killing more and more me okay who could be dedicated to this he 1027 wild just get this one out of the way real fast and so can a creepy I had a feeling you can hear the bottom of the list yeah how you doing great good I'd like to just I think to go in real quick I was listening to that powerful show last thing was third thing we don't discuss that show anymore sir okay we're not discussing that right China however Robin was calling Vicky yeah we know that he is his new groupie 28 past 10 a wild we have an open line of drowser that more on just on up at 524 9463 524 wild want to spew butter level low crap on the radio call later in the day yeah so bad no show doing that wasn't what anyway it's great and I'm so glad I took that out of order wasn't it so we can hear now and wait for the delay to build back up again before we take our next call I'm really there was I have a psychic step thing this way believe me that's good to get this out of the way yeah yeah would have been ashamed to do it in the middle of a couple of rancher will call that would have been good that would have been wrong boy this thing well for real quiet how about the music I said they go on a boy does and I'm sorry but I like that record a lot like I like Linda Ronsten that accepted I think it's almost embarrassing the like Donny Osmond and Linda Ronsten you can't do that boy that puts you in a category of being at least over the age of 100 yeah but this is how to relatable record though this is for this one's your final spare record so relatable all right and my any beach it's your buddy baby shooting red shoes not sofa Julie phone why you calling me show now because I'm going on now no I need my I have to talk to you it's very important I'm going to introduce you to the call the race track listen I care your buddy got a job in highly is going to be a story who the one you would talk at about they gave me a job as a story what buddy I don't know what you're talking if the one mr. Dean oh yeah he's going to be a story gets a military and a news shirt look at that what is you know why are you calling this film because I love you no because called or won't talk to you anymore why would you call the you won't go to one year you call him today yes I call him today I'm here I'm here and he put you on here I gotta go before eight o'clock let's do a little yeah I listen so what do you want I want to hear you did you watch that right you realize how many people no I didn't watch the race I don't know I have no interest I read it I read about it I know he knocked off Julie Crow and she's all upset in the storage storage while on a blamer that's at valianta again I know that if you'll be quiet for a minute I noticed that when you're running for 150,000 all of a sudden valianta is charging through the stretch and winning like a champion with that horse Well when you're running for some serious money do you know that the horse do you know I just said Lester you're not listening to a word that I don't but you're not listening to being happy the public got really Let's down let's put it in kind terms of previous two starts all of a sudden they're running for some big money and here comes like a champion And you've been to 200 to one shot that ran second 35 hundred dollars they pay for that horse yeah It's ramp 35 Well for highly a cuz all those cheap horses are gonna be running in highly it'll be great 35 hundred dollars When I was for as long as they pay off a duendo we don't care so What do you want Lester I want to know are you coming back to cold no never never never Said sorry don't like that hey Like Fred do he's a great guy. We like I don't know Jocky's out there. We actually You're not gonna be grateful many well he works at the other tracks No, he don't work at the co-opsry he works at higher Leah well, are you gonna go to higher Leah well What can I tell you? He's gonna be out of work. Well, it's pretty, but you know, thanks for the memories all right so listen say hi An issue so say hi to Nick Gonzalez when you have to see you have tried his the other night I was up there Thursday But that manola saved this one no all of favorites did not win That was I'm Friday. I don't know Lester I don't know and were you ever any more questions Lester Can I talk to the bird no Okay, I love they good buy Lester it's only a four-hour show all right. I'll see you bye It's 1032 a Wild So By the way, I hope you're listening to Lester this record was There's a part of it coming up any second here Just for you I don't think you stop talking on it. Okay Okay, get the message listed it's 1033 a Wild for Laterdale. Hello And they'll yeah, is this Is there really so much and they'll buy these that one? Yes Well tragic embarrassing and she works on another station So who works at WFTL she had no more business being on his station said it it was only done by Nick Lawrence out of Spine because we're not we're not interested in putting the best programs on the year We're interested in playing juvenile kindergarten games to piss people off here at Wild is it's incredible It's amazing a station that's worth maybe 50 60 million the values increasing every minute while we're speaking and we're allowing children to play games with the programming at Wild And it must stop at one sir, right? Right. We don't care Well if they don't it was in a they don't care we don't care if they want to run like a kindergarten here That's fine no problem. They want to train board-offs in the middle of a day time We couldn't get arrested like they did Friday Who are sitting there letting did you hear the show Friday? No, did you well you should only know what we went through here on Friday. I've never heard anything like it in my life Not usually pay any attention the board-offs because most of our ugly anyway, but I mean I just have no interest But it was just it was incredible. It was embarrassing We like something you hear it in a choppy Florida Or in two egg a WTWE in two egg you're right Dead air and misfiring cards and Plotsing and clapping and puking and it was just amazing but you like I said we don't care Because we're sitting there with a big seven share and midday We don't give a good fly and leap about anybody, okay? For number one and many team to 34 or number men in one and 25 to 54 For number one and pig me Sunday the age of 100 But what did you call for did I kind of side tracking out can you see what you're lost? No, I'm not what I agree with you with this on the series Thank God for channel changes to when that concept or get up Wow, he's I put him in me. I usually those two plays you made in right feel so far One play that the easy fly ball that he turned into a double and then the other ball and try to make that sliding catch And he picked his glove up and the ball was still on the ground He is perfect Well, only one for 24 now in two years of the series He had a grand slam his first time at Betty hasn't come close to a hit since then. I mean he didn't get the ball on the infield Well, he's got Andre Dawson syndrome Well, I sure have room for the age You bet for a straight for a straight baby get it over with absolutely go that fat rush will god hit all over the place again last night It just did me so much good I Keep it in the old yeah, you're about 18 runs. He deserves it. I know well have a great day But let him get you down now. Okay 10 36 at Wild we have one open line and date and one brown And we're gonna be hearing a lot about the stand major show today. I'm sure that what is this babbling just called for Nick Well, isn't that too tell babbling to go do the traffic and try to get that straight now She fumbles all the way through the traffic all the time. We don't need amateur hour on the radio in here Okay, she wants to do that on FTI. That's a good that's a perfect place for that. Okay, like a little A train ground. There's nobody can hear it anyway perfect But not on a major market allegedly a station worth like $89 million And we're putting Twinkies on to make Nick Lawrence so that he's like saying with a radio station Can you believe that playing with this radio station like it was some kind of a toy like some kind of a gin like his personal Yo-yo Right Well, we do see that people in this building isn't really grown up. Oh, oh, I couldn't have said it better myself Several Yeah, very child the one I see downstairs the first thing when I come in the morning every day Then stands in the door of engineering and gives me a hospital look Not too many like I said the other day. It's only a very small answer. He's on her Same with me very but especially agree that it's just it's incredible childy juvenile and very Yes, ridiculous and not the moric. Yes, I'm Never really dealt with it like in this building. Well, that's because management is oblivious in all a care about it So many free trips. They can get Anyways 1038 22 before 11. It's called pissed off Neil month the WIOD after we do the break We're gonna come back and talk about the sales department Follow the ball Wait, is it long Before and I have a good You've got to ask Donnie that question. I don't get one personal with that So I'm going to four eleven and WOD I'm trying to he's just everything that he needs to be okay. He's all right in my book Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, good morning Neil. Oh, that's her great I was looking for you at this game. I got to try spec now. I'm going to buy you a coke now. We didn't go You didn't go now. They have a nice thing try factors great. We're looking where looking for it Well, get out look it out there one of these days when they don't have me a tied up on Saturday They had a decent crowd also good maybe they were expecting you well, I'm afraid we're gonna bring thousands of new people out to this game Tell you to truth they had a lot of old people that I never seen the course Sorry So what I have to problem with the peri-mutuals and it's done I got too many old people all of them all of them ancient old decaying dying Rodding old people who are you know like 50 cent better What they need to do is get the young people out some of the live blood Of course if they can find it, he that'll be a miracle and One quick question out of quick question. Were you able to get the hurricanes on bed like yesterday? The hurricane or the hurricane? No, I didn't I didn't there wasn't interested You thought looking at all old? Why would you want to watch the hurricane game when they're playing a Palmetto junior high Just what you're all excited about this new kid this new quarterback They're all excited because he threw for eight billion yards You can throw for a billion yards too if you had the offensive line of the hurricane's playing against the girl school What difference does it make? San Jose state who makes their schedule live? Okay, see that's the new tactic all these powerhouses. They play two tough games all year and then they play a bunch of pansy schools all arrest of the year I mean look at they just got by Michigan state and that's my school I know a lot about them. They suck okay and look at Michigan just beat Michigan state Does that tell you how many of you up your all these teams are? See I like a good semi-protein like the gators. That's my kind of thing When we pay the players and we're proud of it We have a lot of scandals every year We keep firing the coaches and the good old orange barger man. He's got a great sense I don't know anything about this. Hey, I don't know why no He doesn't know anything about just keep firing the coaches and he don't know nothing. You know Thanks get ball football. They got all these professional players on there That's the way to do it So anyway did I answer your question? I forgot what the question now the question What did I see the game on a satellite? I said I don't care about that game it was ridiculous What is silly game? What are they with 96 to three or something? It's just funny to it's fun to find things that other people can't see that Oh wow, listen I saw every game in the NFL yesterday I saw the 49ers beat the crap out of the cowbo on glad you mentioned that because I would have forgotten that Jimmy has got a perfect season going He's oh and six and he'll look too happy by the way. He does not look too happy Not earning his money. He's how do you do the haircut is starting to turn gray now. It's amazing like shocking gray Oh But that's about it at all the I did see did you see any of the dolphin game? I watched portions of it. All right, I did hear the two clowns that we're doing the game. Oh, yes He kept calling story-anivist story-anivist and he said it's a spaghetti sauce. Do you understand the relationship? What if you went to Harry carry brought guessing school, huh? Wait a minute hear the name spread login and And lile Alzeito oh geez lile Zado he can barely speak Oh, what about an overpaid never was man. Lyle Zado. What a member how great he was supposed to be with the grounds with the raiders, right? And he's stuck to play. So now he's thinking to play set on TV and he was trying to be funny and making all these Barney art sounds. It was the most embarrassing thing I ever heard next to I'd be babbling in fact They should have called the football team. We'd be babbling Or some have a great day and just remember a hundred years from now. I won't mean a damn thing They have the dot track. Okay. Okay. Oh Well, I was expecting 1044 is that a U. I you must have watched bits of the game yesterday I know I do it parking that I know what you're for we get I had no frustration no Negative no power Oh, great well, we're real happy for you. Yeah, I had a great weekend Did you yeah, that's great no Probably I don't remember I don't recall anyone and I added anybody I don't recall any weekend at all It's like it never happened That a good weekend. Well, that's great. We're real proud of you. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Is gone. Well, we're really really sorry about that. Welcome. Of course will not be there, right? Okay, is gone Palm Beach Oh, yeah, but there was a noise with people my ear well, that's to wake you up in a lurch of the fact that it's your big moment Okay, big chance Yeah, I would talk about you almost said my line away about that TV game. I watched the S.B. This was at the stress thing you mean the dolphin game. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the game was great But I don't see it's terrible. I mean the bird's got a dinner. It's not really good Even knowing nothing you could have done that I think it would be more coherent than those two No, fans are going, but that's true. These guys I turn that WLD listen to I think well But we're happy about that probably a lot of people You don't have to keep putting no live on a behind-the-stand that I have the log right here Maroo He doesn't have to keep but I know about those people back there in the sales department Believe me. They got a real surprise coming to I hope they enjoy selling the being when he starts next Monday Go ahead, sir. Are you kidding me? Do you start more? Yeah, I'm here. I'm leaving. I'm going to me. You're all wrong I'm sick and tired of this place I'm tired of these people here. I'm tired of all their alibis and excuses I'm tired of the absentee management. I'm tired of the whole ambiance of this place Now you're a bad guy. I want to miss you. I should decide. I was in the state. Yeah I'm not that crazy. Yeah. Well, I went up there to pick up my mother wouldn't do them to the board Those mud buns off. Oh, but anyway, you know two weeks ago It's snowed in Rochester. I wouldn't do that But anyway, when they actually question about that dump machine got there You could have said some kind of machine got a heat up and you know, I know it's delayed thing All right, so we have a can of snow on the written I think you got two minutes for the sear-notty heated up Okay, I was one of the hardest thing work. I know without the laser But anyway, the two more things and then now I asked a blend Saturday Let me tell you I got a few about this day. I had bland on Saturday I didn't know he was working Saturday on a grand stand. Oh, stay Sorry about that glance don't associate me with this But anyway Are you coming to have you? We are there anything nothing pot up there? Oh, I heard that tall up where up the mud calm. I don't know I do know, but I'm not gonna tell you okay? I do look too cheap to advertise on the show that I don't want anything to do with them. Okay? Okay, now that's long as you put up you want me to tell you the real story about that place Yeah, go ahead in the beginning I mean see when they when like there are four or five different places they split up the concept advertising It makes it very very expensive So in the beginning I think it was when we were on Zeta last year and the West Palm melting pot Also participated net and then after a while they said like well, we don't need you know We get the publicity from the other advertising so we don't need it anymore So we don't want to spend the money so I'm not gonna publicize So I don't think there is one up there. Okay I'm not sure I let them know when I do find it Yeah, tell them there are a bunch of cheap states, okay? Yeah, and that I hope that they're fondue rocks in their brain only in the West Palm Beach location Because we love the melting pot Not bad. Yeah, I can't go down there. I can't drive no see or blew a Spaniard. I hope that the white chocolate with Amoreto hardens around their banana and causes a hernia. Okay, sort of speak. Yes. Okay One more thing I guess from you. He puts net no good I like it to dead kid you somebody, okay? Okay Wait a minute wait a minute. I had Donny Osmond you don't want to dedicate Donny Osmond No, it's no it's not I want to dedicate that's gone to the world's embarrassing Donny Osmond is an embarrassed you No, okay Better he's getting better with it. Yeah. Well, I think so He's music's not too bad either. I think that's better. Nice. Oh, did you? Yeah, I was interesting No, it was interesting But that is interesting is only so-so but pretty close Don't step on a super now Okay Here's my I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Hey. How do we miss another play in the game yesterday? Just mention that because I saw a full come in the other room. It's 11 before 11 at W. ID. Well, that's getting to be part of the regular broadcast. Now people are talking about it. They want to say, honestly, they want to see how many games in a row we can do that on. Of course, we almost blew it, but we were fondest spot to get a 90 second in there. It was commercial position number 2073, by the way. that we missed a little bit was nothing big was just a kickoff in a couple of points uh... ten forty nine and w i o d will be right back be one of w i o d boys really great to be here let's see hope to are you gonna be on a just to play games with a lot of playing okay because it says badland well no i got a question i kind of just woke up and copy and a few stories here and i was ordered what was going on i heard stand show and saturday and uh... and things are pretty upset about this babbling and i was wondering well i'm not a bit about it because first of all she no belong on the year and secondly the way it was done it was forced to the prime by nicklorrance are executive producer who continues playing little games with a radio station that is that anybody that i don't think ought to be on the year or anybody we have a problem with he sticks on the air preferably he wants to get in their own show but i think uh... and his team with a lot of traffic reports and he's the one who fumble her way through the traffic yes so you also said she's having a nice day's on w f t l under the name of i b babbling and i just concluded two days of uh... rambling on the air about how i had heard it by accident when they had some kind of a staff meeting and she was on filling in for any so-chant one night and she was uh... babbling in coherently for an hour and a half and was one of the most amazing things have ever heard in my life so i mean with the idea of her to be like how it stands robbing you know robbing you part of the uh... uh... and the uh... let me ask you something how many DJs and sound floor and then the top then the top of all off uh... there are some of these real hormonal guys calling you the moment they hear a woman's voice or the big state of the big of these things robbing or they i mean it was just uh... incredible but she doesn't have too much personality or anything to say other than that she's uh... a dynamic but uh... i'm gonna see if i can locate the memo that stand till me gotten read it on the air from nick about how we have this ever vessent dynamic young personality uh... who would be a great foil to you we like to bring her in at eleven thirty et cetera and so on so in other words he got the nail the he had nothing to do with it and in sure he could go to the four hours very well but we have people interfering with shows on a radio or maybe you can get a co-host for joie too there you go maybe uh... i'd be battling can be on joie show hey i'm gonna run of this building how many DJs and south board and you think we're trying to talk up hold on one one was that you don't know who we're talking about no uh... now i have to push the right to want to go to the whole i mean if you ask the question i am not a not a okay have a great day ten fifty four a wildd and let's go to there's a big green spyre for better get that right on hello hello and the idea today okay yeah did you hear the internet and they're here to find me i'm sure you're in the building that out yet they're green on their doing a plug for a television spot that's coming up and he quoted trying to get my push from the television yeah heard that i was waiting for you to make it that is great for you off the floor after she said that yeah yep it must be a giant in the industry if you're trying to get it on television yeah she's a dude living in her own home well i'm a man i'm gonna get off the air you guys have a pleasant day okay i see yeah i know i'm having problems but there we go the auto cue remember that dead air at the beginning of the show yeah uh just a minute now where are you then well i'm fast they use this thing um scattered saturday uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it's trying to make one dirt okay just one moment please a wild there we go yeah see if the auto cue is an on it won't uh search the won't cue up to the music and then he had that long pause like we had a beginning of a show but that's okay staying because you had other problems that was that should be your the biggest problem okay alright we have one line open and bulk of two seven eight nine four six three we are going to eat Arnold's today Wayne doesn't know it yet but i think i could be convinced no just to have a couple and don't not those double he can't see the problem with Wayne like everybody else he keeps making him bigger and bigger and pretty soon they're going to be like uh triple pounders would cheese you know we don't that's not what we're looking for just to play no little cheese burgers would bacon and original nearly burgers would be nice or even without the bacon and shall I spatting yeah if i just said she had just the regular little cheese that's why we did that was when diet soda or if something like that would be great okay Wayne like real soon while we're still breathing no just places driving me to eat i've been Santa myself for the last several days now that i'm really going to go back on these straight narrow paths so to speak and this place is driving me to eat in that amazing yeah north my any hello i in the ungrad you mentioned Arnold i was there last night near a nice net to give me a complimentary picture of you well i'll be there and you mean it didn't charge you huh no i'm not that hey there's burgers are great i down the six back and down to warrior so good mm-hmm i'm sorry he didn't go to this camp i want to find a hang me out there no we've well we didn't go so we made our real good haha it's good that go to a bunch of rings out with my ass off every time well that's all right but at least you have a good time we used to have a good time at colder blues and two and then all of a sudden we discovered that we were being um used to yeah i was watching uh please shake down some down motors like while i think my burger is pretty exciting uh yeah well the nice neighborhood and i was generally something you get to see there's a lot to charge for that by the way i did a bit of a show yeah that's right thanks man okay well i see now did you did something have a july crone that was true so something he was writing a horse in that big race and um i i read about the paper it's to be good oh it was on and on but it's good it's great we're going to play the hell out of it because we want to see dying make a big comeback right even over a gt are they're all excited about it and you believe that they're not too excited about anything these days aren't i haven't passed eleven wio d an open line in brownard five two four wio d in order to stand didn't even have to give the numbers out on the Saturday you want to know how long that'll answer yeah we used to have those glory days here too when we first came here when the audience was really into the show i've been sit down there be there be as many lines live is there are right now they're like five or six lines with now and it would be that many live at ten o'clock mm-hmm but we before we even went on the air sure now it's like overhead pass a big deal we could say we're about just as i said that vocal went out okay we get the message anyway why did he bring this oh the globe oh i like that okay i want to bring that to me in the years oh i like that and here from wlrn look at this the signal speaker if anybody see i think i thought i have a good on Friday yeah with a large blanket i guess most of our audience doesn't have a TV screen at big anyway pop at all harness is doing that was up there Thursday night i had a wonderful night i'd chance to few tickets made a few dollars and a pretty good night as a matter of fact and this is gonna be the first of two spectra now that athletes foot has his own TV show for the table t-a-p what is that table cap John cross a k-a athletes foot on y-100's morning zoo post off-sides a hot new live call and show that deals with controversial sports issues huh such as what professional athletes will look like by the year twenty twenty five that's controversial that's a bad steroid use sports gambling marriage to athletes and much more and the city of army police department athletic programs is sponsoring the new wednesday night calling series and if you have a good uh radar range you can pick it up i don't think you pick it up on your TV look like this is a good yeah i mean it's one fourteen it's w-o-d here's another race report from north money beach hey you know how you doing great listen i said that song sounded it sounded a-m stereo yeah what over my my telephone uh uh listen uh but what was right about about you really grown he's becoming a real expert on uh good really uh when happened was a couple years ago uh she was racing in this guy was cutting her off and she took her with and just beat the hell out of the guy with a whip it's going to be years ago well enough is a couple years ago last year was a while back oh back it was a while back it was a while back but i was there on Saturday and uh it's a matter of fact i got there a little early for the race uh because my friend loved you these red shoes and uh yeah because they were racing for some money this time and right then she wasn't going to just be kind of dobbling behind the field this week and it's a local horse so you know you like it and uh i got the early and i saw this uh telecast from Belmont and we had some money to plunge and uh there was this one and one eight horse and and the one was a vascular horse which was good he was riding into one a was perett and there was a five was a truck which was senior peeps so we we bet it uh we bet that perfecta and we hit that and then the next race some guy said listen wheel duties red shoes and the perfecta and it doesn't matter because of that chalk horse comes in second you'll get your twenty dollars back so we did that and we're going to be it and twenty eight oh yeah that was incredible i wanted to try pay in that race eight thousand five hundred thirty but it was with anity and yeah exactly you know we were saying well what if we put her and say well what if that i think that's it whatever one says is a track what if that's what well what happened was that she was crowded and she's a very aggressive rider and uh she just tried to sneak in there at the stretch you know and front speed always holds up a collar and there were eleven horses and they were all punched up and she just took a storm and she grabbed the neck of that horse and wouldn't let go that's why she didn't get trampled over and the horse is the surprisingly she didn't break the horses neck and she just fell right over and uh as we were leaving there's another race that we had a couple dollars i bet a six nine one straight just like a program i didn't want to read anything or whatever and i hit that one too so it was really day um the other thing i was going to tell you was on Friday night we're just hanging around and we listen to you know who's show you know after sports rock the one we're not allowed to mention on your uh you show and uh it was like about ten after ten after eight so i call up and i don't know who it is who's who's there marvin or nica who's i don't know who's got so he goes you want to do a pledge of allegiance i said okay fine so i started doing the pledge of allegiance and 13 boys and he got any hung up on me so we got upset we called them 12 times in one night we got right through he's like the phone's a real busy and uh and this and the other problem i wanted you call him 12 times just about the him we said like bob from uh top Miami Joe from here Joe from there he was asking all these questions he went into the topic that bird likes if you had a TV anchor woman who would you want to see if you know we don't care about that show i know you don't care i was just not interested we're just you're just calling just to bother him but i'll tell you how many people listen hardly any because we got through right away in the day line and you see i'm trying to compare you got to carry yourself with this uh fetish well we're just doing it to bother him and just to give you a report just oh yeah how many people are listening to the show i'm so okay i mean the show is real boy yeah but uh right i got told you a Saturday was a great day and uh bird how alugia bird you're becoming a real uh race a fan here now all you need is baseball you have a little while i tell you one thing Harvey pack better watch himself because bird will be right there doing a show pretty soon but you got to ask less right that lesser had that course i came in second you left your hands him all but you have a six seven eight ten you have a six seven two over one three four five you know the wind up six i went upstairs to the track here the day i'm never going all the way up there and it's real nice away they fixed it yeah before for you man yeah it's great yeah they fixed the room i have great memories of it yeah well we asked you so fill yesterday on TV right mate he's on every day no last night he was on that special room where he called you like watch week yet a special from channel seven that they're filming him oh i know it was silly but i was watching the world series i didn't see it though you're watching the world i didn't see the video was on some silly show last night well fill was pretty good fill was still was all right just know how they were there it's probably was on the show more i guess it's far too Murray somewhere where the k i was there but we're all curious yeah after the cubbies are out of it well i'm enjoying watching the janskept is stopping not to all right well i did too on the minute the game started if you've been listening to what i said instead of getting all hyper about this uh i can't i can't i hate the jansk words are you do you better but you see that consocol family yeah i've got a brother looks just like him just the only his brother doesn't tilt his head around all the time all right okay have a great day hi take care and i'll see you 11 nineteen all this collect from frisco's been hang it on for a long time hello hey Neil yeah i came out here to go to world series and i'm bring out man you better get there uh you're one i'm uh it's i'm a jansk man oh we're still going to hate the jansk why you better get there real quick board is it's going to be over before you've had a lot of game last night now i'm waiting there was coming back this morning yeah well i've had a john Robinson's pitching uh tonight good hit no pitch that's his problem yeah i think bigger they should use him for the age yeah but uh well i think i have to be a couple of cents on there you drop right in company there you go at least you get it out of your system now yeah so how's it how was the stand show stand show was great till about eleven thirty yeah well they messed around with it you know mr Nick continues messing around with every show on the station and just they're interfering and we had a little problem Saturday that's all yeah well i got somebody to take it for me so i've even eyes around course even eyes all wrong doing with anything you know just uh that's his style yeah but i'm glad you got a really nice little marvin better so wait what else is going on out there nothing sir if the same horrible monotonous tedious ponderous place there is nothing happening and we love it we like it this way yeah so i'd like to answer them after you get the whipped and beaten enough so you start liking it okay have a great time now i hope you get a least a runner too okay well if you put me on home for a bit sure no problem you already spent about fifty bucks of our money why not another few twenty one past eleven and wild there's an opening in bade seven five one nine four six three seven five one wild will be back right after these very important dramatic words on a two pack eleven this is a lovely all those were no not sign these twins are joined together physically identical twins testing he's coming back is moving about the identical twin gynecologists which i remember reading that on the air i think was unzata long time ago i'm making a joke out of it and she and i have barely think i saw it was in theaters when we were a zeta now it's on cable yeah and i saw Friday night don't waste your time oh come on are we have two open lines of both and dates seven five one w i do go get grandma's house instead what was it called me on Friday and said they didn't like grandma's house was that woman remember we said it was um i don't remember what these figures no wasn't you see a five student it's not ridiculous it's kind of a um bizarre weird scary uh it's just strange it's like most of the movies on viewers choice they're just bizarre and twisted and um nice dead ribs it's well yeah that's true how racist bizarre you have to read it why saw yeah number times hi there okay okay i just was on the fan so excited about the dolphin game yesterday yeah i mean it's my week well that's great to make your week no it doesn't make my week but i was real happy that they wanted that was a good game i guess it's a little bit too early to get a little bit confident huh well it played they could easily be for and two right now that's the shame of the whole deal but um they know they beat the bronze and a bangles back to back and uh the jets are really doing and i was tickled at that to see them take a real latching yesterday from those saints i loved every second of it i loved every second of see every shot they show a wall and we will be called stroke it's broke oh yeah the word about him is by the way he's out that's the word about the little a joe lot in the New York so i think it's too little too late for them yeah in the first of the patriots uh suck when yesterday too much to the falcon so i'm very that's why i'm so happy things are looking up for the dolphins you know and then the bill they will call it off tonight without telling me i got to be honest with you they beat the bangles yesterday without reading playing a good all i could have a game especially in the first half maria was pathetic or that as they couldn't get the right together and they still on the defense kept them in the game and they wanted which was great it's great um it is one of the also say it was good to understand that i i just at least as i know i don't know you may have been a little apprehensive but uh just the guy has you know a place to come to for a job at least one day a week yeah you know i think i'm trying to start with one day and then it turns in the five you ever know you know i never thought it would happen to begin with by from a pillow ever never never know where you never know where else yeah okay i'm one of the things i was in the traveling to camp a lot last week and i had to miss fortune of stopping at lakeland and uh there's one thing that all those people say that they haven't common one thing that they say they all go brie yeah that's it that's what they do yep yeah have a great day by gee i was born and racer i never heard anyone do that it's not interesting everybody i mean yeah i was yeah everybody especially the people in law enforcement okay we have an open rower to look at the blue of the day lines i want you to look at the phone physically i want you to look at that phone right now you're not looking at it there there's all the day lines are wide open seven five one wioj set last call and you know no look what time it is oh joe is still on oh okay does that answer everything you need to know here's a joe spire report yeah yes i'm going for jokley i was in the middle of uh flipping between revetched and nerds and uh running up to see this the news splash we can't want it and gushes on tv but joe yeah that's why we're having a little trouble in day and cally you show is a monster in day oh and we can't compete we're going to play more johnny i've been recognized i think well i don't know but i think the athletes which show is an insurious trouble here and i'm going to tell you why because today he has blessed examination on the tv show i think you guys missed the given on the tv over there she would have caught it he was uh showing how to do a breast exam and joe yeah that's figures and there was a lady in the audience who was you know touching herself talking to this other woman who was wait a minute what i mean she was touching her she was touching herself she was eighty eight and she was touching herself i don't know they come from the perpetually catatonic and ugly is where they got to be oh it's not a real or she made out of cardboard i think she just made out of plastic yeah but when the cardboard figures on a joe renal show and the audience start touching themselves you know well it has gone too far i saw and giving him cool age just before they went to the cut to the break and i think it has a joe yeah it had barbitrients and it's so they're trying to make him you know feel down anyway i don't have to see i haven't seen one person smile on the show but uh well he oughta bring uh john love it on there to do the news well the lady who's been a small leader the lady who they had as the uh the person who knows all about breast reconstruction and all the cancer she had her here that's a tight that her upper lip was pulling her up at the top of her nose and she had a horrible look at the teeth and i don't know if you could it are here but but that show he went out to the audience and how he's kissing everybody you went out to the audience he does kiss man i'm sorry he kisses anything that moves well he yelled at this lady for smudging his makeup right on TV yeah stop don't kiss me so hard just smudging my orange makeup so and by the way uh Dickie Furl session him a few nights ago and uh it one of his college says you know Dickie Pee you can call me back anytime because i've won i'm taking his i think this guy hasn't spent about an hour and half before he leaves for w i have been he called all his friends and says listen i'm going to call you and you just say that you know that you called me you know the me she calls all his friends to get well i shouldn't take more than 30 seconds well i don't know maybe he pays these people too but uh oh well hold it you know mark cardboard by the way some of the people i call it show they call Dick Farrell yeah well i've a cousin named Freddie Farrell and i think we probably be on a better job than okay have a great life twenty nine times eleven a w i'd be another joey spy report but there won't be anybody here because it's on a vocal line that gets what i'm here oh boy twice in a row this could be a record this is at the all-time record two in a row yeah and Bishop sister was in the audience so that joey show and Bishop sister was she wearing a nice sweater yeah i did most exactly like her they enough to cover the state of Georgia yeah you know i have to tell you that joey's got a great face for radio no yes he does but anyway that footing he goes back to nothing about sports every morning he reads the sports out of the harrow mm-hmm what does he do about the late games he says incomplete yeah anyone i don't know but i the guy knows nothing about sports how can he do a sports show well first of all it's on some public access educational table channel that you can't get unless you live right next door to the co-hanger that they got on top of the roof yeah so unless you live with it about two blocks of the co-hanger you can't see it anyway so it doesn't make any difference to me knows anything you see those public access things where the pictures like real distorted and the sound is real girl or sound sound like wlv in a real muffled and garbled the cameras at a focus yeah yeah so i wouldn't worry about it well i won't i won't look forward to it okay i'd have to it now see yeah by eleven thirty a wiety we're really starting to pick up some momentum now can you feel it we are i should have hoped we get lunch real soon i don't want to push away but i think i'm going to pass out if i don't have a little something well i would be wrong to play more Johnny awesome uh i like one bad apple i think there's this cut won't play oh i see it's real low here the above md conversation hello yeah How you doing? Okay. Got a restaurant report for you. Yes. Chili's Friday night. We went to the way to half-hour online. This is getting really hard. Society night. We go to the Margo and Bobby too. Do you hear of it? The Mongolian barbecue? Yeah, it's up on the University Drive just before a commercial. And he started the road. Oh yeah. Outrageous. Really? You see, you're in love. And it's a lot of fun. The food is great. The people, the service. Yeah, I remember that place. In fact, I think Denonberg was supposed to be a sponsor on the show. I guess it was Coleman. Coleman. That's why they never came on the air because Coleman had the account. The angry was great. You gotta go. Okay. The best thing to come to Plantation Area in a long time. Well, that's not Plantation. Well, it's in the area. Pamera. Well, sunrise. No. Yeah. It's over on University. Yeah. That's not sunrise. All right. Pamera. What's up by commercial, right? Yeah, that's Samara. Okay. I mean, they're making different. But what? Because most people don't want to go to sunrise. Okay. But you're kind of a loaded Samara, but sunrise. It's a blast. And the people that weren't there, come to the nicest people. Yeah, you know, yeah. Let me ask you a question. Why did you go to chillies? Is that where is she going to go? I mean, on this side of town is not to. I mean, I like chillies, too. But other than mad. Oh, he does the real good. Are they? Yeah. And the Mongolian, the frozen Mongolian is the great. The frozen monk, the home market readers. Yeah. Okay. But you know, you go way to half our own line. That's your biggest. Why don't you show it up here. Wait on. I'll just came in. So how do you like that? Send that up next week. You may not have Mongolian doose bags here, but we got Wait on. And that's good enough for us. All right. This is it. I always tell Robin Harley, hi and a local Roger, a major douchebag. And he wants to talk to you. Stay in right here. Okay. Hold up. Hey, Neil. Yeah, Roger. Same old stuff, Roger. I've got that. I've got them. They look good. Yeah, I'm tired. I asked the quarter anyway. Yeah. Why just give it say one thing. So I want my gay friends, you know, I'm in gay and slow people on. Yeah. He is a major douchebag. You know what they say up in Jamesville, man? If he can't win a fair cheat on. I heard up. They got the best team running by you got it. Okay. Good luck to you. Good luck. You'll need it. Ten till noon at Wild. They look at that. Boy, you're not wasting any time. Digging right into there. Huh? Marvin. Yeah. Memory and there's a group. What is that? Side code. This man. Boy, does he come to your water? You really know what he's not doing. This is why I like to see some old cheese burgers. And they're just sensational. Perfect. I do. It's my favorite. Probably have to play some music while we all. Yeah. Like some more Donnie Austin. Okay. Good idea. You notice the audience is not commenting on either. How about a Donnie Asmer was on Hollywood Square. I thought it would work. Huh? Well, I just don't. Donnie and Roy, they've been on. Donnie and Roy. I think sitting real close. Did you ever wonder about them? No. Boy, no. They're Mormons. Well, they seem awful close. You have a stick mine. Well, I made that out last night. Never happens. Well, I never thought of it. Not those two. No. Because they used to sing that song a little bit something. I never said what. But I'm telling you, there's something going on there. Well, you have really come through on a day of need. This isn't just a regular freshman. I don't know. Great. Well, you can do it. Thank you, Wayne. Just a quote it before you know, you look like Don Zimmer. Okay. I love you 52. I W I O D. I'm going to have to make a. I don't know, but much later. Okay. I just my mind is telling me that. There's nothing. You know what I'm saying? I understand. It was my mind. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, I like this product. Some stuff. Let's see what great stuff this might be. Okay. So I know that venture and it brings us all a good stuff. What is it? Ask these on the air after 1 p.m. After 1. Now, we don't do this crap. Ask these on the air. Who is this from? We don't do trivia questions on the air. Name two on its hits with the word baby in their titles. Like B. My baby and baby I love you. I will just give the answer to these over. It's been down. But a paper and it isn't it. I've never seen it. I've come with news and views. Hmm. Oh, I'm looking. I don't mention the name. I just look at what. Is advertising in there? Okay. Now they might as well take whatever it cost them for this ad, which admittedly probably wasn't much in Burnett. Just Burnett. Throw it in the bay. Yeah. One is that real Jewish poll on even the food. Oh, I see. The chest name is kept George J.U. George J.U. Two. And it says, real Jewish poll on even the food. And then I love poll on even the food. And back to the spring I should see that it because there's no one on about that place. But this town, why is there a poll on even restaurant? Poll on even is not Chinese and it's not Thai. It's completely separate and incredible. It's tremendous. What the hell was wrong with this town? So what? Get outta here with that tourist trap. Oh, I'm not going to even mention the name of that place on here. I wouldn't dignify that place by mentioning that over-priced craft. Priced craft. Hmm. Years ago, that used to be a good place. Like about 20 years ago. Excellent. Food was great. It wasn't so obviously over-priced. Now I wouldn't say Nickpare on a bed. Well, haha. How many past new to WLOD and should we take a call? We got a mobile and howly wood? So? Yes. Do you have a mind? Yes, sir. Oh, hey, okay. You guys have a bad need to think to talk about it. And I thought I'd give you some suggestions. Okay. Read in the spreadsheet. This is an unspot. What do you mean we're being bad? Need something to talk about? We're on sport. Are we on sport? We're just at one interesting topic. All morning. And does you wait a minute? You didn't like to hollywood squares? No. I'm not going play that. I don't care. I'm reading the paper and it's up to the hint. It's just a score section of course. Oh, no. Why? One paper is this. Manly, manly, no. No, there's never been anything interesting in the Harold. Okay. What do you do shot? I can't give you that. If the picture is going to go, it's just going to make the love connection. Call me now. 9, 7, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 9, 7, 6, 9, 9, 9, 8. And that's an idea. If you want, call them at the front. I'll play them in the radio. Can you do that? No. No. One dimensional. It's 11 past noon in Wild. What a tragic, tragic, tragic call. I was pretty good idea though. Oh, you're having a BLT too. It's great. They are great. Thank you, Wayne. Thanks again. Thanks for the memories. Well, I'm sure, as Wayne, when I'm in the big city, when my new job somewhere, when we're just going to be like a pop-go or a pop-go, I'm a serious, I'm ready. Anywhere. Yeah. It's weird. That's a puppy guy.