Bill Tanner from power anyway, oh, we never ordered lunch Well, they're just gonna bring a bunch of stuff by we don't want to get 50 okay because at this point We're getting really depressed. We had a down boom For the first time in ages from a 7th tree to a 6th tree and remember the last down That's forever been down. Oh, yeah, we went from that nine. Oh, five That's why you don't go up forever. You found a little bit But I'm looking at the WIOD 12 plus last spring station in the three two and this year We got a four seven, so that's not chopped liver. Oh, no, no, no pretty good But anyway, June we got screwed in there badly in the diaries evidently. He did that We're just doing a lot of things wrong We're gonna have to have a lot of seminars and start to re-examine do a lot of heavy topics and bring a lot of ministers and Do stuff like that and here's your lander with more even more number. Thank you Here's midday again. Oh, yeah, there it is. He didn't make it up. Oh 7th tree to a 6th tree are tuned dropped 37,000 people You got to buy that. I think this is a June is a Statistical thing. It ought to be sent Because life look at life e4 to a 106 in midday crazy In credit offense crazy magic from a 4 9 to a 5 5 Let me how did that this is 12 plus how did GT argument day 4 1 to a 3 7 Well, I see a 4 4 to a 3 6 while 100 3 2 to a 3 7. Love 94 3 5 to a 2 9 How did you delve into in the morning? Boy, I'm love 94 12 plus secondary O to a 2 4 y Well, they Sandy went from a 3 2 to a 2 5 wins went from a 2 2 to a 1 8 Zeta state flat with a 1 7 at Gondrick and this is that insistent is the right of crawler always Let's see, W the motivation station showed up in midday with a 0.5 Oh, what did Q a m do in the morning in 12 plus we got to get that number okay? We've got to find that number there at 0.6 For dick fatherly and whoever else was on part of that thing, okay? All right, it's 10 49 11 before 11 here at W I would be boy really depressing We're gonna have a morbid day. I should have known the way they started it down It was gonna be really was a fall a morbid and depressing dropping a 4 point like that boy That's really best but a renewary state about the same he went from what I say a 6 to a 5 5 9 So he's right there always mr. Consistency and no gonsor Yeah, oh Okay, 10 before 11 at Wild and we want to talk now about science Okay, well, let's have a look at the show when we start eating again. That's another thing too much of that eating No, oh Bad radio let's get back to the business of more of those draft shows, okay? That's where it's at We could do the soccer draft in these hours. We have like a 92 share Okay Hmm, where is the good sound of that some sound we got stuff shells meatballs What is that is that the cheese cake that I was talking about that? Why not your drink? Let you have this we had this last week. This is incredible Oh, oh Unbeliefs incredible and sharing keeps coming in with these and sip it back to oh Yeah, it says though we're sorry to see that you took a slight hint of book WGTR took a bigger one in another venue. It seems that they have been dropped from radio and records as a reporter Says apparently spikes in the predilection for old music cause R and R to reassess his status And GTR is now considered a classic a along it is what a bitter pill It says loving kiss in a fan of a fan of a man in former who has given us good information By the way, give us the real low down on See them when we were getting all that bad information. Yeah, passing why didn't mention it I haven't noticed Dennis Rees called back to apologize for all the bad information he gave us Oh, I remember that I Well look at this guy. He's just got everything all laid out here with real plates and real But we're not used to the tentacles from pizza law. Yeah, we're all kinds of sodas and yeah I noticed trust me Okay, 1138 and we got a mobile and broward that I'm sure is long gone. Hello same oldie same old Belchins. Yep. That would happen bad radio. I know it'll do it every time it'll do it every time It's just the shame because I didn't get that demographic 25 to 105 I'm right there now. We're we're aiming for the little older demographic We want the WOLD audience 95 plus That I'll tell you I think it's gonna change They're gonna go even higher than that. Yeah. Yeah, they got Special category they're gonna put an arbitron from a food look Neil you're crazy. I don't know I I can't imagine why everybody is not listening to this You know if you want to brighten up your day and put a smile on your face and forget the troubles of the world Yeah, this is a safety because that's fine Oh, don't worry about that You know, it was the whole three trends out of been a little bit nervous for when it's one month We don't worry about well, it's been a little bit nervous Yeah, there's nobody here in case you have a notice. Well, that's true. Okay, have a good one. Thank you 21 till noon and WOD here's 18 to 34 midday How come we're getting this now and spike wise headed in our room? Remember oh, yeah hot head of 13 they were flat GPR down sharply From a 10 8 to a 9 He's been able to expand to a 7 4 we went from a 6 1 to a 7 1 So we went up a point in 18 to 34 Hmm in the last book Are you following me or are you just gonna stuff your face or you're paying anybody paying any attention I hear what every member with the decimal point I hear you gone. Yes, I do we went up a point That's great midday, love 94 from a 62 to a 4 8 18 to 34 What that's a bang a Zeta 4 2 to a 4 That's 18 to 34. How did she do in midday he asked? Not on the second page oh They've got to be aren't they? They're not on oh there they are they're from all listen to this Listen to this spike wise 10 a 3 p.m 18 to 34 she went from a 27 to a 5 7 good lord Whoa, I wonder what they did in the morning before I'm in the queen better watch it and those bonded 18 to 34's where they had they had like a death mail Death wish in the morning here it is 18 to 34 GTR from a 12 to a N and she from a 3 to a 4 5 they're creeping creeping ever so slowly kind of like wins Who did make it by the way? I know probably everybody in the audience that's what they really tuned in for today 25 to 54 mid days WI and G did make it if they didn't make the last trend shows you never to pen on those trends They oh That's men. That's not even a right sheet. They had a pointy All right, that good great I'm I hear it. I just I just want to verify just one moment please much more than I expect you a m at a point seven On the bottom Motivation station at a point seven and RHC have a point seven WI and Z beat them all with a point eight And a good A point eight 25 to 54's admit that we can't make fun of them So I don't feel so bad. We still had a good number Of course, they're gonna be in the upper office Oh Same old talk Thank you You look at that for you crazy Okay, thanks to me. Oh yeah For is that good anyway, it's 1142 least one thing we can always eat. Yeah, you always said them no matter what happens We've created a situation where we're always gonna be able to eat so we won't start longs we got a job For those meatballs and private right look at all that pizza How come the people aren't coming into eat? There's only three pizzas here Yeah, there's three pizzas. I want one slice of that pepperoni. It looks great and that's it And we got all these mushrooms here too Which I don't know why we're letting them sit there and kind of go to waste no, you know kind of foolish isn't it? Anyway, we'll get to you when we're good and ready both the bulk of and a Palm Beach liner open Which I guess is like kind of a Ties right in yeah with everything else that's going on here today doesn't it? Why don't you take up pizza Andy? Yeah, why don't you take one of the fries? One of the great like take up pizza. Oh, if I take two of them leave that one there Because I like the looks of that one just take these two done that and go crazy with an in-use room. Okay. Yeah What's the bad news Where is it? Oh, he's out sick while he already was on probation. He's probably out looking now. He's a very much in demand And you're gonna ruin the day that you started that room or I'll tell you that Hmm Well, I have fun when I take that one too, please Wow When you do it with my long way out of the feeling one Okay, let's uh Look at that the Palm Beach lines are going everybody's have a nice day and everybody get out of here Let's go to Miami. Hello Deal. Yeah, oh, oh, yeah, I think I know where you had that drop on your radio Okay, let's say analyze this now, sir. Yeah, that's the leap I revert on the newsroom with your adult friend. Yeah But I'll leave a revert on He could have been the one that knocked you all down. Yeah, no Problems probably whatever you say here. Let me ask you another question if you that's bad Read your right about a day you under a radio that's even worse that's even worse Then you get a memo, right? Yeah, okay. Well, I want to call somebody build your intuition at major the toothpack And that's about it. Okay, sir. All right. See you 16 till no to Wild. What did you just do? Oh, thank you so much Isn't that too For scratching stuff off and chasing changing stuff around and it's just bizarre Anyway, we got like four Three four sticking calls on the board. I know what's happening with the phone. It's going nuts now The same time that everybody came in and disrupted the show and And I'm just lost Me too, but you know something I'm eating here and I don't really give a plan I'm having a great time Food is wonderful I couldn't give a damn less Here have some of these mushrooms Because I know your like those before they all come in and start So crazy, you know Anyway, it's quarter to no to WI these Steve today's got open phones. Thank God for that Hank Goldberg on sports talk and I think it's going to be eating During sports talk We got the Yankees in a white song today to pop and then of course after the ball game We got what's the question? Which I can't wait how did we do it night? We went up at night. Yeah, yeah, they went to I don't know I got too many sheets here I got just tons and tons of stuff they went from a two Seven to a four two or something like that at night in 12th class and that great We're really doing it seven a midnight one a weekend This day can I told you we need bumper stickers that say the weekends are deadly a WI OZ We had one five on a weekend the whole station that's the Saturday incident. They're one five That's like almost zato like and I bet today beat us Would that be in well? Not that they are guaranteed guarantee I mean when you got a one five anywhere You know everybody in the world here it is weekend 12 plus Hot hot like number one in almost every category everywhere wins had a three on a weekend I O D I'm sorry it was a two three Oh, I'm politics wasn't that bad no Zeta had a two I told you not over Yeah, but you soon had a two two two but it is they the life which Debbie Ellis is gonna be wearing during her show Which he moves to midday is gonna be wearing that two two where we do have some big competition coming on we got a call from Maryland hello What are you doing? Are you all we're great Perfect I'm going back tomorrow I know you're in Europe what's your Amsterdam and Rome? Yeah That's the third last week I just moved out of the South of the world really Why how do you present oh yeah this we had a good call from this guy Yeah, you remember I told you it was a good call remember That's right. Yeah, we were shocked you now the town called it actually we got hit something to say Yeah That's a good station The watch station Yeah, oh yeah Oh Fair I know of them yeah Anyhow Which a good yeah Baltimore Standard Yeah, that's true by the way Ed Taplan on QAM Ed Taplan on WFU a m on Friday morning on his taping that he plays on call ratio Said that because the Orioles had lost the night before and he said well any day now the Orioles will be out of first place They're now seven and a half games ahead okay So Ed you're a nice guy, but you know nothing That's just a little message for Ed Taplan, okay Okay, I'll let him know Anyhow, hey bird have you heard some hits? Good The guy is saying about Ed in Hipspot He's gonna have you over to Oka Silverton Oh yeah I think so Yeah, I think so I like to say that you have to It's Thomas and I do spag Okay, we'll have a wonderful life Okay, guys, good job And good luck you up there because we're gonna need it I'm gonna yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna deep-encentral gravity by calling you all once a week Okay, no problem. All right guys, see you bye Oh, what a call 11 still the job WI did that's your idea of a great call that that was a lot of that old call He's just a Annoycey he was good He wasn't great Oh He was good with how did stando in his bookbattery Anyway, it's time to talk about pizza law for right now It couldn't be a better time because we're sitting here with our mouth full of pizza law stuff Yeah, like he's great meatballs with a stuffed shell and fantastic pepperoni pizza over there Which I'm gonna dig into as soon as we get into the rest of the break and the Mushrooms with cheese which are great the baked mushrooms One with onion and they've got fantastic spaghetti and That great who got the pizza that layered pizza with a real spicy sauce and the thin onions and all like good stuff inside of it Like a triple vector and Sicilian pan pizza and calzones and the you name it they got it along with all kinds of unique and different toppings Some of which will scare the daylight sound of you. Okay. They really do a great job Everything is fresh. It's delicious and the price is ripe they even deliver and When they deliver to you if you're a real slumber you can even use your credit bars and the payboard. How do you like that? Pizza law up there upstairs at 69th Avenue in West Flagress free just east of the palm. I don't we thank Jeff and the gang over there for Putting together any credible spread today Stap is just gonna did you have any dessert by the way yet? Not yet. Oh you got your we got ours over here. I started panicked a little bit because I know that you can be our diminishing Rapid house yeah, incredible these cakes They're brought by anyway you stop by for a great lunch or dinner anytime to the pizza law No, what they do is they put it in the bottle and they put it in this game bay and we got an advantage because we're right on the water back So your land to go back in with a fish net We'll get scoopsed it out of the bay. She's got real bit of that Okay, well that's it. Okay, bye. See you What a call Miami hello hey you hung up for me. What do you mean by that? I did why? Didn't hang up on anybody I got hung up on well, I'm we're sorry. I never do it again. I'm sorry Hold on a second No, yeah, yeah Yeah Or Isn't right what do you want me right? You are from the sanitation department here over at I want five that fan. I just want to see y'all taking blood over there I don't care what anybody say you're number go down between listening and go up because I listen to you all the time And I can't like you know, but everybody because I'm a leeway greatly right It's called Hamioccal pizza It's from W-I-N-Z Or you want to be many of that now? You get to be careful. You got to get yourself to make you are You packed the audience there's a little bitter pill on his life And you know how did he have that bill kind of calling you with their numbers now? How did they have the ticket? They have numbers before you got them numbers because he's the guy that makes them up I got shocked when I heard that Did you know? Yeah Anyway, he's been a long time since I've seen you at From you know what he used to work over there that are other radio stations W-I-N-Z you still look the same yeah All right then what is that nothing like? You know, no matter what anybody tell you about you going down. Let me tell you the all wrong you're going up I'm listening to you right now. Okay, Lee right okay Peace everybody listen and new Rogers get down you're watching it now. Hey Well, man my total The station was just for people on drugs No, seriously you've got to be on drugs to hear hot one. Oh fine. Yeah, it's it that it's been better And it's like between them in life It's like the two extremes of the spectrum. Yeah, it's for people who are just beyond the cradle on a one hand And people who are I got I'll put in a half in the grave on the other hand sure But anyway, we're just gonna who um boycott this whole book really right We're gonna make up a lot of excuses and lot of alibi. We did pretty damn good. Okay They should kiss the ground are doing a six free here in midday. Oh yeah Well, it's no point. Yeah, no No Oh, I'll be there. Yeah, I think those bumper stickers are probably what got us over the top Don't you they are beautiful We're right up west We got a promotion department here that Albert Einstein would we know and Promotion department don't we know Those t-shirts I like the like everything like plain white and blue you know, I'm saying like real boring looking Real dynamic it's kind of like a reflection of our general man Dynamic like a dead toad Anyway, it's $1.57 a WIO D here's plantation hello Yeah, how you doing welcome back. Yeah, I didn't get to you before you left The day the two reps the Hollywood Toyota I had a I live on planted two and I had to pass by where why 100 was and it wasn't two people there no not why 100 Yeah, I 100 no Zeta no, but why 100 oh they also have one weird It's the God place on university God one Wincerling and I was between sterling and We're gonna walk in a hard place Between residents early on the university nobody there and that was nobody there and that was then five minutes later I was over there at the well maybe if super day would have been your day I had no luck. Yeah, not anymore I'll tell you that that's still in the morning. I'll why 100 is terminal I only cities to listen to it. Well, they got a lot of them. I'll tell you that there just going through the roof. They went from a From whatever they're how they went. I don't know what are they doing 18 to 34 Just a minute. They went from a 76 to a 61 12 year old has to get along. Yeah, evidently that must be where their whole audience is is a prepubescent Signs I guess they must have all of them That's mental techniques exactly Well, everybody's not a town anyway, and they can't you know if they can say now we got a real screwing I'm gonna say it right now because I've always said this over the years it's almost like picking them out of a head if you do well Over a long period of time and you obviously got something going but in any given book man These are these samples are so incredible That it's just they'll almost make you speechless that radio Henry's having a big time Little rabies party. Yeah, see Henry celebrates up folks. He celebrates down And he celebrates flatwoods too That's all over the line and he's ready to celebrate the dolphin book just fall too now Well, it's been a great day. Yeah, have a good one. See you Well, listen, that's still gonna do it. Who we got the chuck Yeah, my my ears gonna have the news of noon. I will come back at 12.05. Steve has open phones this afternoon And you can call it and grill him and ask him for his out of buys and why he went down up from a four seven to a four one And the 25 to 54 well we just got screwed right isn't that the company line now? We'll be back Okay How you got a good Yeah, well that cheesecake is great in it and one along some of the best in his brain What is call it it? He parked crunching God is that good What a good way to go out, you know Hahaha, okay here we got to make 10 to 49 now we got everything here. Why even bother getting to book We got everything that's ever been invented We got men 18 to 34 a lot and even see this yet look at this Men 18 to 34 midday we went from a nine seven to an eleven three So our audience is just getting younger. That's a good excuse. We're just getting younger pretty soon We're gonna put that stick and why 100 off the map right? But you got all those 10 year old pinheads Hot hot funny went down in something they went down there midday many 10 to 34 119 to 113 and GTR From a 156 to a 131 but still number one In many 18 to 34 midday how to him in the clean doing the morning while sure Hopefully took a bath to a dive, you know Don't you feel the same way Not say anything. I don't think I have it I can't imagine she's been coming in here back in fourth and back in warm breeze for hours and I can't believe I wouldn't have one thing Here's the many 10 to 34 six to 10 a.m hot had a 15.9 that's up over four point And GTR went from a 17 point two to a 14.9 a drop of over two points In that very very important many 18 to 34 demographic in a morning If I were hermen and McBean I'd start looking there's an opening in Tampa 1209 a Wild and I've been putting this off as long as I could but sooner or later I do hi bird. I have no life I thought that's right into this call. It's Robin ladies and gentlemen Glad to hear that you back meal. Yeah, I bet yeah really I'm glad to hear hi bird. Hi Robin. How you doing? Great. Good. Well we've been better Okay, listen you guys are number one. You know you're number one. You'll give the door nine number one We're not number one. We're like the hour 82 now or something. I don't know You can't Robin You can't say that Yeah, you can stay in your house Boy she I had a dump that she never fails to this point and what a sicko huh? Boy, you sure it really is great coming back I'm here writing all of these McGee's that you put together So 18 to 49 here we go in a morning six to 10 a.m. Mike Brinary had from a force seven to a four eight So we finally found somewhere where something and somebody on a station went up a little bit Look at that Probation for oh she said it doesn't have anything to do with a newsroom It's an outside matter I see Okay, those people get pretty chummy in there aren't they my amy hello Neil yeah Welcome back. Thank you so much Bird did a great job in your house no question about it nice changes pay yeah Have a nice trip great Oh, glad well that's good happy to be back. Yeah. I'm up until this fall We're gonna tell you what the story is I mean at Tony your voice there's like a certain level of sarcasm there isn't there? The sarcasm in his call sir Not at all I sustain some permanent hearing loss when she got on the phone. Oh He talks very loud. Yeah. Oh he hangs out with leaf follower a lot Kind of rubz off so to speak I don't want I don't want our guest downstairs to get the wrong idea Right master's when I said it kind of rubz off It's he gets real nervous when he uses an expression like that So what's up sir? There's I just have a feeling that bubbling under the surface of this call or something that doesn't No absolutely no no, I was just caught off guard snapping oh What do you want to go back on hold no oh As a matter of factor at the point of suspicion, how do you get on the lightning round without being cut the whole You just call in and if you get a ring you get on Okay, very and if you say hello hello and I hang up on You're repeated the deon would you back in town Saturday? Yeah, you were you Realistic to the deon show no no when I'm on vacation I don't I don't get involved with this place. It was a great show Yeah, I mean who bad they didn't play the tapes in the right order? Yeah, but I've never listened to a single radio program twice and it would actually work yeah Deon is great no that was a great show. Oh, mistake. That was a great show what about the cops? Like you said I think you're right my hearing has been affected since Steve was in here Yeah, up until this all three and a half games that did go into a little Problem, you know, it's called like a run Yeah, there you go Montreal is gonna take the time. I read you this thing out as well. I'll have a great day Take care. Okay, son. Oh, his story man used five squirrels when show I'm sure get the feeling Under that well, it's wrong with that He was using the tail I can envision that what it was yeah the fur was flying when Eagle-Iplees A rest of the motorists for an unusual offense driving down the street with a live squirrel tied to his windshield Iper what's wrong with that? Ashford Massachusetts They charged 49-year-old Sean Griffith with unlawful possession of a bushy tail rodent He just he was described as a loner who lives at a local campsite He was irate and combat as when officers pulled him over and told the cops that the squirrel always accompanied him Because he was his friend. Yeah, please report that the squirrel who was tied to the wiper by an island In joying was frightened but not hurt by the unusual auto trip I gotta remember that he said it was nothing compared to how it when he puts him into watch the laundry on the dryer One nineteen to wio d let's take a call from these calls today I This has been real a real eye opener for me all of it is Monday and we never gave it up or so And they're all filled up which is a big deal. I guess in his business. Yes, Miami. Hello Hi, how you doing? Yeah, how you doing? It's been a boring two week without you, man No, you're good job. It's not the same. I know Hey, I have a first request and then I want to come from a rumor for me Requires that you're gonna play a young Neil or three way and speak it today. No, okay. Catch you later on that then Somebody said that Neil is black. Is that true? Who? Another nearly he says I swear to god Neil is black. I didn't know he's not yeah Neil is black. He didn't sound black. Why are you talking to me and you're talking like you you're talking in the first person Now you're switching in the third position. Is it a special reason for that? No, because a good friend of mine told me that Neil is black I heard he's a naked I heard the same thing yeah Not in the up sorry Nick oh Nick You're right about these calls wow oh Right, I should have kept tell my story about the plane trip back about the Lebanese woman with the baby and the diaper I should have continued on that story. Oh, he's called just stuff 21 past one a W. I O D Laterhill hello Hello yes I'm so glad you back I can't stop laughing really I can't stop crying You're absolutely wonderful you know those days especially at Amsterdam I would be sitting in my hotel room and I'd look out the window and it would be bitter cold and raining Amsterdam is nice when the sun is shining and gets up to about 72 It never really gets hot there But when it's raining it gets real dark like up north, you know when it rains and it gets cloudy all day and gray And it's bitter and I'd sit in that hotel room and I'd look outside I think even though I can't go out walking or doing anything It's just so nice being here and just being free it's like a like a bird You know what if I can use that expression like total escape You know it's hit back down and turn on the TV and there would be Larry King and then I think well Maybe I'm not so free after all Well now you're back to react Yeah, yeah, I'm actually awake It is I just wanted to say that birds did an excellent job while you were gone He was well, we're gonna take a four hour pull on it tomorrow Last time you were gone he wasn't so good but this time I don't think he was as nervous And yeah last time I when he was terrible You were a step through sorry bird. I love you but sorry Anyway You were so bad at all Today that wasn't good with that bathing suit contest with Stan I can't believe he did that I really can't because when Stan When Stan did that on I and Z I ripped him for days it was so bad and embarrassing You know these guys get away with murder It was and I have one thing to say about See wrong this is an arrest this is an arrest I just have one thing to say about Steve You know he said how you read your audience Interstand Wrong I would never take credit for that if I were you Stan brought him for the really bad girls. We're not nearly people well he had there was something There was some crossover but no questions Stan did have his own that is special You're not I mean format. I mean you know yeah, you have those people that just you know He didn't never had a show You never had a show you really did not Sorry Well at least he's consistent because he don't have a show now He's so you know there's something to be said for consistency. I have to tell you something when he was on that day I have turned it on about I don't know 11 o'clock 11 30 in the morning I got in the car and I turned it on and From then I thought it was you It was just it was just the way it came on and the way happened to be listening to it Yes, Stan I have done a lot of it I said he's my no-neils not back because of who is today and he will back on like three and when he started with that business and all of a sudden I heard it's about Ricky taking He's you know longsure and bathing suit in a I knew he's longsure Boy there must be something going on. I don't know about I knew about the cap that I didn't know about the longsure Ray Or any way it's been fun. Okay. I listen have a great day and I'll say how to stand before you No, thank you. Okay. Bye. Wow. Boy, they're just ripping the crap out of everybody today I'm 24 past one at W-I-O-D I think we're gonna do a little break here and we got to boy. We got the lighting around this is basically overall We're here. This is great So all righty you go on vacation, which is gonna really be something. Yeah Now you're just you're just not gonna show up Friday right? You're not gonna tell anybody about that That's the best way because you had a little run in before Gary who said that you can't take that extra day I know And you said you're just gonna go ahead and take it anyway. He said well just don't tell anybody Yeah, that's what he said That's it. So we're gonna tell anybody about it. He just won't show up on Friday He won't be here. Okay, but whatever you do don't tell anybody He would just pretend you know it's one of the things like he's sick So I'll make up a story like you're under the weather. How do you guys do it? Oh, you guys take that extra day. How do you guys do it? Because we're talent. Oh Well, he did in tell me that 25 at W-I-O-D will be right back Good morning. I'm Henry Barrow and the six says have a do whatever you want have a great time Excellent. We talked about the cub. Yep. I won't think anything just like you I won't think about the stick I'm specifically gonna go where I can't hear it Excellent and you guys you can do anything. By the way, just want to mention the W-I-O-D newsletter I'm sure that out. Wow, there's a new newsletter out while I was on vacate here it is And wouldn't you know we barely get any mention it doesn't mention you were gonna be filling in for me Really only mentioned this. I didn't get one and see I don't even get a quad listen to this The 610 W-I-O-D sports group presented another great show for our audience on the recent NBA draft nut It's Eric C'maro Sonny heard you manage provided pick by pick coverage. I wonder if they mean this kind And Hank Goldberg got the crowd reaction and official comments from the heat draft party at the My arena while Tony Yep Marvin Rawman and Eric Martinez provided the Produced the program keep it all I can't even read this. I'm so tongue-tight. It's so exciting keeping it all sound And great was Steve Ziggler because out of the second page. Yeah. Oh, yeah The radio at its finest. It does mention my name. That's a first. I don't forget the British cricket draft is coming up on Sunday and we're gonna have a week or in Scotland Man, I tried watching cricket for like five minutes on the BBC over there. How can they how can you watch it? It is so ridiculous One thing I've decided about the British the reason they always they lose every war And we have to bail them out or they lost the revolution because they're silly Yeah, they're like silly people very sorry in fact an Amsterdam You know there are people from all over the world there. It's incredible And the only people that were really rowdy and allowed an obnoxious Everywhere you went with a British kid's really drunk Wow, not just disgusting All of them. I mean, it were just disgusting Out of the streets and restaurants everywhere you went. They were the only one just out of control And when you stop at thing, I bet you that Roy Masters are probably have some comments on this Seriously in a country where they worship a queen. I'm telling you there's just uh, it's just a little peculiar, okay? And all the why won't say all but most of the British men are like Faye Like faye Wayne More faye done away. They're all a little faye. In fact even the Dutch guys on the plane coming back there was this Dutch Family Husband of wife and two the two snottie little girls I was talking about and the wife was so Butch man. She looked like she could put you through the four with with her foot Yes, and a husband look just like What's the queen's husband? What is his name? Friends Philip? Friends Phil? Is that his name? He looked just like him and at same kind of very Wimpy in effect you will you know what I mean? They've always been that way. Don't yeah always been that way Very strange you look at all British movies 30s 40s there there they're all the same You know They are I wasn't all movies so maybe Ramesh just can kind of penalize that for some change show Okay, it's one thirty two a WIO do let's go to see you Hello get off the cricket Let's go to a plantation hello Yeah, yeah What? Okay hold on let's try bokeh hello Okay good Yeah, I forgot about this video that desperate time of the show this at time Miami hello Hello, Neil are you holding yes? Not for you Hello, yeah, yeah, honey. I just want to say uh Welcome back got you a little confused there. No, you're still a little yeah, well that's all right working to use too I just want to say you know welcome back and tell you that the bird did a good job He he was pretty good. We're taking a five-part poll on it starting tomorrow Well, this guy is in trouble. He's a little he just sex provoccasual You know He just have us Had us and yeah, and he see sick and sanses here. You know, we're gonna shake he gave us a Heart attack Sort of speak it really yeah, but the guy is right All right, but uh, I don't know about him. He he he he was not nervous when he was talking this time He was like you know, I'm like a way I don't see like I'm right. I should be you know like You know yeah anyway Look he But at one time he was he was really quite crazy with those things. He was playing him back and forth He was complaining a little bit because obviously you have him in some sort of order Oh, you find He's got him all an alphabetical order now. It's really great. I can't find a thing The show was was great. He did a good job Except for that time we had all those half naked women in there and of course not naked women Well, that's what he said Well, that's good next week. We're gonna have a bunch of hot naked guys in here. It's gonna be great I have a couple friends that'd be interested in I'm sure you do Okay, Neil Okay, see you 134 WI We're getting ready now. Are you holding? Okay See I'm getting psychic now. I know which ones are holding for the lighting round and that lady was holding most of them Uh, Boca is open so let's do a little break and then when we come back it'll almost be that time right in fact It'll probably be that time because it's the shell spot. You know how long this is It seems that after two years of telling everybody if I don't want to read this copy This is that same awful copy and the essence of it is that a lot of people think that it's Shows thing if you paper plates and plastic forks and spoons like we in here with everything Yeah, because it's so an expensive time. You remember somebody came in one day and they brought us China Oh, we didn't know who was not how to act I was never but we didn't know how we didn't know what to do. That was incredible. I mean, we're not complaining because it you know We don't have people there to wash the dishes. Oh, oh, we got how about your land Time she's got a lot of time. I'm sure she's got plenty of experience. She could go down here kind of like uh during the known hour She could wash the dishes and we could have real us silver and plates and stuff Sure should be thrilled of course. She would especially if it had Wiod like embroidered on the uh Anyway, she also uses real silverware She took away abortion and the humble sexual this and homosexual land He pretty slim pickin with 23 till two a Wiod and a fluffy West Palm your holding for lightning round. No, oh, you're holding for us You're first great. How you doing? What a call. Yeah nice talking to you I Had a real oxen last week I was listening to uh wind and The one huh yeah, I was one and I heard the Sportscaster Yes, was Ron Harris and we're saying was top of a high-run getery Had been in dork 15 managerial changes with the neary genkeys and he said both kind of like being an eraser This maybe a pistachian even well and he kind of pregnant pause and moved on Hmm like the issue to my dad yeah well he was trying to fact he was trying to come over here a long time ago and just didn't work out And Thank you. Take care see you Who's this on the bat line is that for us? Is he talking to somebody on air? Why He's still talking to him that exciting there's somebody on the bat line Nobody called it with the name of that movie and you know why because most people don't have viewers choice so they don't They don't know what I'm talking about well you give so many clues When you do they hear that you always tune in the middle anybody who saw it No, I've seen it twice anybody who saw it with no one I'm talking about okay It's about this young guy and his girlfriend and she's plotting In fact he gets involved with this I don't know if it's her mother or this older woman and the he's involved with both of them And both of them are plotting with this woman's husband to kill him and collect this insurance money and pretend that it's the husband who dies Oh, I said it's all out in the snow they're out in a shed somewhere in a shack. I don't know it's it's incredible. It's bizarre It seems like all the movies that I see on these paperview channels are all really Brain weird what was that one I was telling you about to be for I went away It's looking at a darkness Another bizarre movie my any hello Fabio yeah, I was the Panhandle all that way again We rock stations of the David Georgia and rock station mobile. All of them We're playing the crap out of that the unhealthy great Guys, it's one like one mobile. It's doing like power rotation wherever you call you here at least one hour And I was listening you know I got back Saturday morning I put your you know the best meal of and I heard the Second in the fourth hour the same tape I totally the they finally got beyond on the he was on the first hour And he came back in the third wait a minute the second in the fourth hour was the same They oh We got running the board on the weekend here, man. It's like a disaster. I don't know he was I don't want to get anybody in trouble But it would be nice if they give these people little training It was sure help I think I thought cap days down on the corner with a star the stomach. Yeah, well, yeah, yeah Science in all the food I still love those new billboards There's with a you know the call letters on the tombstone and that's my favorite I should tell you Yeah, okay, you can I hope a light rush or no problem. Okay, okay 140 a W i o d for water down alone. I'm holding you're holding that there okay Don't squeeze too tight now. Would you mind tap and for me? Let's go to Miramar hello. Hello. Yeah. Also You know that movie you're talking about yeah, I think I'm not sure about isn't it called the no people or something No, no, I think it was just came out it came out a couple Musica Oh, Ice people No, can I hold for the right round sure? Okay. You're gonna be okay. Yeah, all right Let's go to Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah I welcome back. Thank you. Hi, Burrit that was a good week you had there. I enjoyed it. Why is this such a bad connection? I don't know Neil because I'm calling long distance. Assistant. Where are you? I'm a really enbrow it. I'm a very fine call. Oh, Brow it. Well, I'd explain you. Well, now you're a mrow it till you live there, but yeah, this is Neil I had a human interest story written to me on father's day and I mentioned beyond in there. See on picked up the article and he called me and we discussed the show that he was on your show and we discussed how he just couldn't believe on an AM show that you know I have to be in on that show that you know visiting with your guys and doing an AM show talking about the record three four days later It's people from Amster Records. I'm just taking care of stuff Arista Amista yeah, yeah He couldn't believe it that what happened down here at the iron and plantation and boker and south Eight boom things are taken off. Yeah, I got to tell Neil when I get a chance that that show was just unbelievable the record is just when skyrocketed Great and Eventually probably will get to you know he did tell us that yeah, he can't buy Toyota Hollywood told us Oh, did he really yeah, because I had a conversation with him He's nice as guy. Oh, yes, he is They had an article about me. Well, as a father's day, I guess they made me father the year down here great and And he I picked up on it and And he just I the night this guy just called me and spoke to me for 25 minutes and I thought I just passed it on to you We just got a lot of time on his hands. I'm a father. I said he's a hell of a guy He sure was he was on Letterman. Yeah, and yeah, he's been everywhere I talked on the 20 second. I think Bird mentioned it on the 23rd the 22nd 23rd and 26th They want to have an hour on VH1 of Deon All right, I didn't know that oh They're gonna run a continuous loop so maybe every four hours or so. Yeah, he's making a big comeback. It's good to see Oh, he looks great to his fantastic and one hell of a good human being okay. Listen have a great day Thank you much see you 143 a Wild and I want to try to clarify this mess again At char-hot, well, yeah, the food at char-hot you already know his fantastic In fact, we had none solicited colorally and it shows somebody called just a thank me For turning them on a char-hot In fact when I was over there in Amsterdam eating it those unmentionedable places I was saying yeah, I wish there was a char-hot here, but you know Okay, they haven't made it quite that far yet, but eventually they might because char-hot is growing like crazy They want to okay, I'll think we got a little bit of a little bit more compression go to it There's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a gravel I got five play hey 70 five degrees and a magic Get set it hey, we're brought back to life hold on a second Little bit you stop out of the room 75 degrees and a magic set a hills over great storm All over you already you'll die come on down with it. We're gonna get down tonight We're gonna get a great group. It's the right time Well, they hell of a talking about That's the one with a question mark on oh is it yeah, you know, did it happen all you were gone or before before or stencils not no longer with this Did that happen while you were gone also Steve dance was fired? He was fired? It's been for what I don't know I I all I was told is he's no longer with this this happened what was he on probation first? They didn't say that this was a while ago this happened Yes, Steve dancele was fired and gone for probably two weeks. He's a good guy. He was one of the only Handful of good people over next door. I agree are you serious? Yeah, I know Okay, it's 147 at WIOD and it's that time that I've been just waiting two weeks for a boy. How are they survived? I'm not late. Don'ts of this every day. Dave County. Oh King knew it was very cool Volca Broward Baby, I need a job What that mean? Palm Beach. That means your pepper birds Dave How did you do without this every day? Did you make it? Broward Like I said Yeah, I like that one incredibly. I think you're here themselves with a quick Palm Beach One Palm Beach Johnson and the warrior the running is it's showing you How does faculty act that I can't fly into the course well when I'm concentrated Dave Broward Primio, Debbie I was broken how are you? Dave County hello Who was my an emergency city new back Dave Remember to camp camp in the raft shut the damn door Volca Dave, is this a blind mic and head show Yeah, please don't remind me Palm Beach Killer's got the horse size bird Broward Have a year of feeling wonder mode Hey, you know that's the interesting thing I didn't see any condomans over there no kidding And I didn't see any like huge groups of old people growing huh was amazing Ultra shock yeah, Dave County hello You're a little gloomy sitting there when I'm Broward I'm not a frog in your throat if you didn't Dave Broward in the dictionary under salivating the fortunate picture of steep cane Volca oh god play more music I can't stand listen you Glenn That's your buddy yeah your pal Dave hello thank god the queen you back Broward Allie alley the Hollywood guard your douchebag Dave you'll need to give me a hand with your foreclos Broward Okay Palm Beach Boca yeah quick what behind you Broward You're a door This is a good one an incredible story it has yet to be some statute about the Dork lady what and if there were some people inside the building some of the bureaucrats water to do an air check Is this true? Do I have to for the possibility of doing a weekend show I'll talk to you better later I don't want to talk about it on the air It's nothing too embarrassing it's nothing too embarrassing it's little if nothing too Dave how are you doing that? Is Olivia dead or just that? Broward Broward is going carcass Broward Broward That's it That was it Palm Beach What do you call a fountain or a gay bar? Boca It's all over again to work Dave It comes up Come And it sounded like Harry with the sore throat Nothing pointy was so incoherent yesterday he didn't at the end of the At the end of the game he stopped but he was laughing and he forgot to Wayne stats name He didn't know what planet he was on To Wayne stuff I think I'd Wayne stop I think the pressure started to get to Harry Dave County hello Turn it on I nutty buy it Weep Broward now you've got to take the timing to take the farm Thanks Boca Welcome back some vacation Neil I wish you been how are you? Look at the Palm Beach The Wayne stump says the door is 36-E Uh Dave I just want to be one of the ones who's up the wall Ha ha ha ha ha ha Broward Palm Beach My hubby's on the rug and I got full of chants This is quite like my plane I've quite a light brown Gary I forward and I can't get out Dave Ben and Jerry live Palm Beach Dave Again Yeah they can't pull a hair Boca Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Dave County hello Ah yeah How the blocks The norm can't go ladies and gentlemen said new lows in the history of talk radio WFT and now you've got to have a good radio and be just in the right spot Yeah I can't In fact if you sit like right in the middle of the construction on 95 Like in the median there, there's a spot at the right side. Now we're on Oakland, you can get just in the right spot. You can listen to it almost on interrupted for four hours. Even at night? And the good thing is if you've got a phone in the car, you can call no. All in the air, you can get a call. Yeah. Oh, it's going to be so sorry to you. That's a no idea. They counted. Hello. That's a point right. That was kind of cute. 153. That kind of tied in with what I said about FTL. What's the deal? Didn't it? Yeah. Oh, I'm telling you, this is in the book that's coming out on Wednesday. I gotta be great, Sean. But nobody ever came in and told us what time the numbers are coming. The Thursday. Right. Doesn't it? Don't you think about the afternoon or not always? I have no idea. I'll find out. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Michael Jackson. And I can't beat it as well when I'm caught. Palm Beach. The Metz Doc. Good call. Did County. Hello. I'm going to run back to as well when he's got a medication. Proud. Into the fire. We're coming up. Thank you very much. Into the fire. No, no. It's bizarre. I heard you were strange. Okay. Thanks. Into the fire. Yeah. Oh, man. That is strange. I never heard of it. Never heard. Interesting movie. You'd like it. A lot of sense. Okay. I'm proud. Hello. Hey. No, I'm being shy. I didn't even have to do it there. It's too late to go. Ha ha ha. Thanks. Every corner. To the heroine. Broward. Come on. Carlos. That's where we like him Carlos. Silent. But devil. Dave. Hello. I'm dying of ear. Broward. Steve. I'm going to direct a meter. This. Both. Dave. So on over an area of view. Broward. Oh, sorry. That. Two. Boca. When the yellow thing. Two. Oh, man. Dave. On an off-camera. Two. Broward. Yes. We're on the other side. We're back in that. We're back in that. We're back in that. Ha ha. Dave. Oh, man. You're going to come to get you. I'm telling you, you got big problems in storage. You're a big problem. Big problems. Broward. Oh, bro. So Steve. That's what I've heard. Who's doing the day? I'm wild. Until they get there. You know, they're permanent. He's not the permanent. Until they get there. Stuff together. Go ahead. I'm wild. It's a. Yes. Have you heard their music? Dave. Hello. Hello. Dave. Hello. Lighting round. Yeah. It's your one. Oh. Oh, hello. Back to Neil. Oh, hello. Oh, hello. These people are sharp as they. They've a bat of mozzarella. They're great to be back. Dave Chowdy. Hello. Okay. Well, another one. A little pausing. We've come to know on this show. Ha ha. I hate to break those two pelvis. Some of those I understand. Okay. Oh. We'll just like you do. Hmm. What do we. How about Volca? He said slowly. Ha ha ha. Volca. Well. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see. What else? Ha ha. No problems at all in Palm Beach. Do my talk about slow. Do my favorite. Dave Chowdy. No, the New York Street. Ha ha. Flowers. Let's get started. Bobby. Talk with Citron fish. Oh, with doorbell. It's the L. I think that's what he's going to be doing. Made County. Hello. Very good to say. Broward. Yes, he's been for a bar. It's your radio. Ha ha. Broward. I love you, Ocean Man. Volca. Sir, Dave. Dave. I just want some time to see how well it will. Little with it. Dave County. Hello. Brack cows. Where'd you reckon? Palm Beach. Oh, Brack cows. Where'd you reckon? I learned that. How did you better the first time? Brown. These bad little mischievous. Get rid of him. Dave. I'm nothing, Benny Boy. Dave. Yeah, I just don't do the minute out. Deep drain. Broward. I got a giant. On a cloudy day. I think Michael's Jr. wasn't it? They're county. Hello. He's too full for keyway. Palm Beach. Yeah, take your ass from another few. Dave. Broward. Broward. Broward. Broward. Broward. I got a party sober. Ha ha ha. I got a little that could do. You know. And last but not least in Volca. Great. Last but not least. That's going to do it. It's wonderful being back. And if you believe that, you know, you'll buy almost any. Stay tuned now. Steve has got another one of these can drive the base. And the question is, how long will Roy Manchers let Bob Coolds leave his hand on his knee. That's going to be well worth listening in for. Don't forget to sunny on sports talk. Yankee and White Talks today to clock. We'll see again. I know it's a. It's frightening for me to think. If you get a Marmorting at 10 year on 610 WLOT. We'll see you again. We'll see you again.