Welcome back the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 6 and W. I O.D. I'm a cup then And a button man, and I trust you, Arthur. Okay, we'll get this over with real quick So you don't have to get upset because I know you're under a lot of pressure this morning 6 and the cups had five home runs in the month of May as a team five in a whole month of May Yesterday they hit six in one game I still I'm in shock. I'm reeling When you show in Dunston it's too home runs in again, then you know something's wrong Anyway, it comes 11 and three and we got that over with and there's still in first place and they start four against the meds today And that's the name of that tune. We got a lot of stuff to cover today Well, we have just tons of things to talk about really The cane show today the new split in the Catholic church radical priests attacked the Vatican Moderates say the radicals are tearing the church in two and those two priests will be father Patrick O. Shay and father Joseph Francis Collins Why is it a lot of priests have three names? I wonder if a father Collins is related to Dennis Collins at W. Snooze. You think that's possible because he don't have a prayer over there I know that anyway I had a great day at Calder Saturday I lost only a few dollars I had a great time got a lot of sun a got a little bit of a burn here In fact, I could check I burned it called her, but that would be And I had a wonderful time saw a lot of people and campland was there from QAM Wow and I didn't recognize him Mm-hmm. I felt embarrassed because I kind of was Sirlian rude and he probably takes it personally. I didn't recognize yet I'm sorry, but then when you walked away though, that's that Kaplan he works at Dick father Lee station He's an ozone provocateur. Oh Anyway, who a Hank was there of course and Hank had a bad losing dad all losers and Steve I understand I didn't run into Steve But he was up in a press box some bugging Hank for winners. No, he couldn't have had a really big day I heard to the grapevine he did have one winner, but Cuz Hank had all losers on Saturday Just he Hank stays with those same like sweet Bobby V. You know when you're gonna get over that Hank You just gotta give up some of those cronics and who else did I see there? Oh and of course Oh seriously, this was very nice at him to do Mike Lyons from Zeta and his lady friend were there And he had this package in his arms he slept it around the whole time luckily I saw him early so I could slip it around the rest of the day that I was there and it had six of my old CDs from Zeta with my name on him And he said I took this just in case he would write in deod here today and it was very nice And I appreciated it and he said that everything was just fine I have some big news from my clients today who I All the tables get to that in a minute before you start getting people to press now your room will do it and That's a confirmed room great meal at La Tavronetta took some friends of La Tavronetta It's always great, but this was the best meal of all time it was just indescribable beyond belief Okay, I don't want to admit that I had feel because of an off baby cow for a very long time But their baby cow is so good boy. It was just incredible and I discovered they got all these different new dishes named after me everything is Regereo Regereo which in Italian means Rogers according I think they make that up as they go along with the food was just phenomenal beyond belief and you remember carols Nees I think it is or was it her daughter? What who was graduating? Don't you remember last weekend? They were closed because girls you said Daughter yeah her is graduating was it her daughter very attractive young lady by the way She was there with the whole the Gonsa Mishpah the whole family was it was just great So we had a wonderful time in a terrific meal. I'm just kind of like recapping everything that happened Is that okay? Sure. I yeah because I covered the cubs game in like 40 hours or less I know this is gonna come up a lot more. I didn't mention that even Mitch Webster had an episode Oh, I brought in my life magazine to read while you guys I know what I wanted to say through I had a great time at colder They have refurbished that fourth floor up there when we go out there you're gonna flip that's what rich told me Oh man is that beautiful up there in the we're Martha and My friend's Mickey all those people are up there with a food on the deli thing and they've refurbished it and it's in large Did it's beautiful and inside where the windows are like the guy said it looks like a casino Looks like garden state in Jersey why it's all glittery and fixed up they've done a beautiful job out there They're really happy my only complaint it called her and it could be that the Braves game was fed NBC in a this area. I don't know because I thought I'd go out there and get to see the cubs game on TV Which luckily Saturday I didn't see because they lost in tenetnings, but The only game that was always the braves giant scheme on one monitor So either they had TV S on which would really frost my ass or NBC fed this area the Atlanta San Francisco game instead of the main game remember I asked you about that. I'm proud. Yeah, well You never know in this town and I don't so maybe somebody out there who knows which game was fed by NBC here I told you that Friday because this is but I had a very time out there and if I had a state home and had to watch him lose the next R&A I couldn't I would have been bad it would have been wrong so I'm glad that I went out there Okay, let's do a little break here and then when we come back we've got some shocking radio news coming up finally just astonishing news Finally we can confirm some of these rumors that have been floating around some of these ridiculous rumors out from other sources You mean like Dennis reason? Exactly. Yeah, Dennis you really ought to hang your head and shame. I mean you're a wonderful guy and you got big numbers over there and you're doing great But the rumor line you're just He just doesn't have it made he in fact I would put him and Steve Uh-huh, on a car okay, because you know that's your rumor seem to be basically the school of swishl thing It says that was an NBC feed so we don't play my friends in call to I knew they wouldn't be foolish enough to put the braves game on when a pirates in the Cardinal when they comes in the Cardinals were playing. Oh, that was a Freudian slip But um, so it's not their fault that was what NBC was feeding to this town I've had it been a hall. I could have still seen a cubs game on F2 Okay, I'm one of the satellites Are you following me? Anyway, it's proven it's past 10 at W. I would do we think whoever called him boy it's gonna be another Monday on that phone I can see that what do we get some response on that? Fasten your see my one call One call see pal three calls well excuse me. I take it all back ladies and gentlemen. You're really really Just overburdening us with response day. Well one of them was fat rich Like I said we had two calls 12 minutes after 10 at W. I O. D. I want to tell you about shells they start each day looking over the freshest Fish available in south Florida and they choose the very freshest Help This What are you doing in here denim for why are you touching around? What is that? 606 for a six pack. Oh, we'd love by the way for lunch today. We'd love Arnold's I don't want to impose upon them. He's coming Wednesday Well, I was in the mood for it today. Okay. I just wanted that impassing time Oh, we do have ways plus today If we want I see I don't understand that there way they held up there in the animusveld. How do they do that? Okay, so if Arnold's our listening if Mr. and Mrs. Arnold who our wonderful folks Wednesday will be ready Because wings plus is coming today. Oh, is that mean those garlic wings that I'm just obsessed with? Oh boy by the way eight at La Tavronetta last night. It was just phenomenal I just mentioned that for you because you're so nervous all the time and they just love me with a patch And they were just tinkling all over how to change my honor because a more wonderful guy time on like some people I don't want to mention a name it's a 1015 at W. I O. D. Anyway, we're worried we before these sales You notice the whole sales department is honored us with a couple of exceptions Coleman of course is probably lost today And our other friend whose name Mr. BM Captain he doesn't come in here. He won't come in here because I won't have anything to do with him ever again trust me I told boy Gary that this morning by the way you notice they're back Yeah, yeah, isn't that incredible oil days finally over huh boy. It took a long time The holiday is finally over for a long time this year Yeah, long long It's holiday weekend the history of the United States it's probably gonna go in the Guinness book of record two weekends And they finally have come back all these bureaucrats are back in the building which means we're probably gonna have some real grief Exactly everything ran very smoothly except of course for the psychosis from the sales department From I shouldn't say from the sales department basically from Captain BM Okay, it's 10 16 and here we go with the in- Shocking we got a rumor at the end of the show Friday was from Johnny Dolan and it said the Zeta Was gonna go pirate radio on the satellite now I have confirmed this over the weekend from another source and This is why they're just sitting there Sitting there doing nothing they're waiting this is not this format is going on westwood one satellite I had to know something was going yeah Scott Shannon is putting this together course from New York he's out of NLA they're gonna do it from the westwood one studio in LA and it's gonna be called pirate radio Which is already on of course in Los Angeles radio but it's gonna be on the stand what makes Scott Shannon a programmer Well he had like the number one station in New York city Remember No, I understand that but what makes him okay go ahead. He did he's got a very successful And he went out to LA New York, but I made your story in the industry when he went to Los Angeles I thought the major story was KFI What do you mean our sister stage? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah There's no overseas was to say the cats isn't at the job story that Jeff Edwards walked out because time like this was a douche bag I guess that was number two. Oh, but anyway, what they're gonna do when I think a two share out there Not bad There's one one one two the billboards that you see watch his face those will become one five pirate radio Billboards which are very nice The eye catching How does this mean they carry the pirate games to? Because they're pathetic so they're just really it will be a bit of a just- time when it goes on satellite three or four weeks And that's the story that's the hubbubble what they're gonna be doing it'll be satellite delivered Probably won't be any disjockeys locally maybe in drive. I don't know you know, but they're they won't talk to other Which is a kernel in the morning crew is gonna be gone probably I didn't hear that specifically But they won't talk much if they have any DJs because I heard in the building today from a very authoritative source That while Rose Folger was out of the building either on vacation or whatever last week that they were interviewing a whole bunch of people for his job Fascinating isn't that fascinating Yeah, because several of those people have been in contact with over here. Yeah. Yeah, I bet too Yeah So that's the that's shocker. Yeah, what a way to start the week and finally getting to the bottom of what's gonna go on It only took them two years of schlepping a raw along with the same Sorry music the same tragic numbers But I want you to notice that when we have room and fit in those numbers were just too bright for the rest of that format But I want you to remember when we have rumors from other people like Dennis Reese or Steve O They don't seem to happen. Yeah, the WOL D rumors that we've been rattled with since we've been here And you know I have not participated very did that at all Well, I can never gonna get let down the garden path when I give you a rumor and you know this I kind of like it's kind of like that horse that Steve was touting yeah Freakness it's very good example northern douchebag wonderful metaphorical Harrison yes, but when I give you the rumors and you know this from the past They seem to happen don't think yeah when I give them to you Confirm by the way we own a apology to Joe with twins We do yeah, well all that mysterious stuff that well Was being fed all total fantasy really and about that crank call that he received that day, you know Yeah, it did happen and I even know who made it It's 20 past 10 at WOL D father's day is coming up Father's day is coming up on what date this year is it? 23 after 10 at WOL D we just had an incredible experience a shocking We're just keeps popping up all over the place Tom Denberg opened the door again He said the way he's plus is coming on Wednesday Wednesday. I made him a steak now time has never been done to make him a steak But I guess he's calling Arnold's right now to see if we get the little real castle burgers today The ones with a bacon cheese. Oh, they made those special for us those were heaven Those were spectacular anyway You had a little thing happen with your battery Which we just might mention briefly because I came in in the hood of your car was up problems and it seems that that lifetime Maintenance for the old maintenance for battery I'll the water was out of all the cells and our crack engineer Mitch Wing was out there say my life saving your life made a little Make-shift funnel there to get the Or's of amazing isn't even called in Dick funnel from channel four by the way We neglected to mention last week Alan Do Spag over from Chaperis who used to be as a general manager for Admitted that the worst mistake he ever made was firing Jim Brossmer And then because I just got rid of that David Jackson the guy with the runaway s on the news that I've been ripping for a year Oliver Longies been here. That's right and then we say at the time Brossmer was actually Everybody liked him. He's been here forever and now he's up there in channel 25 a West Palm Beach Which is like being I don't know maybe he's doing real well I hope so because he's a good guy in a great talent and Alan your among head Okay, you're just a douchebag. Yeah, we know Larry King's on her Aldo. We don't care Okay, if his breath is bad enough today, maybe her Aldo will pass out on the stage You okay, this could be another one of those contrived deals, you know or her Aldo has one of these accidents falls down Bricks's neck he'll be in a brace Be the first man in history to break his neck from somebody's bad breath What's the question? Harado 25 past 10 and Wild so anyway, that's kind of a synopsis of all the excitement that's going on over here And we got lunch. I guess pretty well set up. I go in yeah He got the Cains and the College World Series tonight at eight ten against Texas After they're win against LSU and skip urban on Saturday so that gets everybody right up today We got everything going no bush being bang So everything's great right? I guess oh they really did a beautiful job of call or man. It was great good Oh and also oh, man, I saw the article about the I haven't you know, I don't read the paper because it's Friday it's dangerous you get depressed and it was this big article in yesterday's paper about the racing dates And how Through netty at highly is going to be overlapping All of these dates with with calder first now. Can you see? What it's going to look like at highly if they really go ahead and do that? horses Okay, and Even if they do have enough horses to fill a card He won't have 1500 people there Friday this really frightens me He won't have 1500 people here at highly it may not have a thousand So what kind of person would they be able to offer with the mutual handles like 150 thousand dollars That's like going to a bula downs or something. Okay, persons will be like six hundred nine hundred dollars The words suicide comes to my mouth the word flower horse comes to my okay King of dance Maybe back for a day for an encore. Why are they doing this? Oh because the three of them are just That was the cross crux of the whole article again is about how Kenny know and the dug down and Brunetti just refused to get along and it got all these personal conflicts with each other And as a result, they you know the whole thorough bread area in the state is like in a shade a state of shock and shambles because of it And they just don't want to get their act together, which is really a shame because we got some beautiful racetracks Yeah, and these people just won't get their crap together 27 after ten at W. I would be our first call of the morning is a mobile and Broward hello Yeah, how you doing great? I was Tony I called you before about remember around the one that didn't try to tick wings from never try them Yeah, well, I went to the wings plus and there kick ass tickling oh, yeah, they're incredible I don't take it to the garlic just like you know It's better fact. I was really psyched up when Denver came in today and said they're coming today And I got myself right in the frame of mind for the garlic wings and now I got to wait till Wednesday Wednesday Yeah, I thought you're getting on the wings today. No, Dennenberg made a mistake. Oh, so what is I don't Was coming to the other I guess And see if you have to try those two those are great, but are all of stuff we got in here is great. Yeah, well, you're you're lucky Kind of guy you get to get to eat all this good food here. That's right. Well, that's what happens when you're stuck When you're a real stupid star you got it pal. Well, so have a great day. I know take a life See you 28 after ten at W. I O. D. We have one line open and brown one in bulk Or actually after a fairly good start for a Monday. I will say that let's not you know talk about it too much The other brown line boy this is shocking Volca two seven eight nine four six three two seven eight W. I O D, but don't forget I got six CDs in this thing here that my clients give you that was really nice They have you know I really mean that he brought him out he didn't know if I was gonna be there or if he'd run into me and Just as luck would have it there. He was I don't know. He was a kneelie. I had no idea Love the show. Yeah obsessed five laps. I said everybody's obsessed because there's nothing else going on in town I think they show kind of reflects you know is compared to a lot of the other stuff that's on a year It's a reflection in fact I even listened to go to the track to a little bit of our retapy rewrong on Saturday and it was it was the one where we had the doctor on hold during the whole show You know the one I'm dying over here who by the way got fired I don't know yesterday He got fired for Much of screw ups, but evidently for mostly Not doing any work in fact his patience How seriously his patience had a favorite line and dying on my share Because he was on a phone hole Who were busy expiring in in the waiting room? Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey guys. They're doing yeah, okay Hey, bird. Did you see y'all you see yesterday? Carry my amen and that my matured hospital Yeah That's the day She's not that great okay, sir Yeah, well the dress may have been great all by himself. She's not that great. She's all right If they could get her hair straightened up was her southern accent coming through Yeah, how about that Hey, yeah, yeah, can you put me a heart for like me, Ralph? Sure. No problem. I'm coming sick. Hey, that's a good enough Okay, you're a whole Yeah, that'd be a real good idea. We'll do like Larry can't use to do with trivia What we'll do is we'll have people call in right at the beginning of the show And we'll tie up all eight lines and we don't ever have to pump the numbers in Or unless maybe somebody gets disconnected or hangs up the gaven emergency That would be a really good idea I can't pioneered this Oh, yeah We're gonna open a line. It's six o'clock on Sunday morning Oh, she have it. Oh, she have it. Oh, yeah Oh, man. Hello, Larry. I have a beautiful coaster. It only toasted 700 pieces of bread by actual count It has a little mong inside the elements, but it's in good shape. I like $10 Oh, God those were the good old days. This market is so far behind us So we got pirate radio coming to Zeta for now. What's gonna happen to the call letters? I don't know It's gonna be like W-O-F-F something that's appropriate. I didn't hear anything about that Interesting question. I don't know about W-F-U-N Those calls are somebody take those they aren't they are I think you're crazy somebody would I don't know somebody somewhere Would have picked those up right away. I wonder about that Yeah, somebody leave it to Woody Subbring to drop the best call letters in America to W-F-U-N You know vines be a dropping I'd 85 yeah, or A1-8 Open line in Boca 278 9463 we haven't had a single in Boca at all this morning That's pretty depressing north Miami hello Great a call for hi, but wait a minute. Do you see again my psychic powers are working The last time I mentioned W-F-U-N I just mentioned it we punch up the next call and the guys got an old W-F-U-N jingle cute up there Incredible this show is astonishing you know I think I think we got a Shocking is getting pass say it's getting overused. I think we have to go to a astonishing What it is that's I even I can't believe that that's almost Not quite but it's almost as astonishing as this say one who okay I'll think we got the little bit more a compression god here The little bit help us oh wait a minute away before he goes on you know what I've discovered I don't want to knock Mitch because you did to grate you out with your battery. Yes. He did but You know how we always talk about the music reneary place how it sounds like it's way off in the background Well, I was listening to the best of this on Saturday and There was a record we played and it's still even on the CD player. It sounded like it was off in the background It had no it was shallow. You know what I'm saying that be because there's no compression on this station Right, that's true. Is that true? Yeah, far as I know that's why the music stays like in a background Sounds like the level is even even if it's cranked up even if it's bangin and needle in there The music sounds like it's on a different level. It's Suppressed or something there's no compression well when if we can get any compression You think we can get some so we could sound like that That would be good then we could really do a jibble Five square hey 75 degrees and a magic Hey We've brought cast in life hold on a second. Let me you love you stuff that over 75 degrees and a magic city hills over grace on We already know come on down with it. We're gonna get down to that we're gonna get to the Groovy it's the right time Well play hell of a talking about It's still astonishing yeah 1033 a Wiod D Marguid hello hello on the Elf yeah Oningbird took your advice and finally made it out to lathever net over the weekend Oh boy we had a meal our last night that I'm just still a spastic over with so great Now walked in there As soon as you walk into place you know it's in the time I mean it smells great the garlic is permeating the air Just as we were walking in the door and it's made of light to you bird We heard a tremendous crash in a big bird had crash right into their own dough Flying at full speed crash into the window which is like lying there on the sidewalks I said immediately no poultry dishes tonight But we went in there we were And the woman who who's in the fright all that said yeah He heard about you from Neil Rogers and Wio de Chazau welcome Neil always comes and he loves it But then we ordered and then we kind of got like reprimanded for not ordering one of their the Neil specials I mean I ordered so I ordered like real Parmesan because I didn't know what you would what you had ordered before And I've heard all your specials that we talked about your specials all the time And the way to go astuda man you and I was saying what how does Neil order? And I just didn't know what came to mind so we owe we ordered what we ordered and then she came over and we kind of like got reprimanded for Yeah, that was the first last night my friends ordered they'd never been there before and they ordered a couple of dishes and they made you D who's a wonderful guy's and now forget that I'm gonna bring you this and this is turned out they said it was the best meal ever had in their life So what do you what do you like favorite dish when you go over to? Oh, they're Neil is you know, I hate this baby Costa, but their feel is just tremendous and last night I think it's called Viel Cardinale It's got capers and mozzarella cheese and it's on a bed of angel hair pasta and it was just behind peppers tremendous All right, I will definitely go there again terrific play. Yeah, yeah, I'll be glad you enjoyed it I got a little quick cable nightmare for you We're watching the Dodgers Houston game the other night game that went 22 innings yeah seven hours Yeah, it was on the sunshine network and I did we had some friends over which just happened to be out of the background And then everybody left and I was watching and just come kept time myself one more anymore anymore and I Finding out that a 16 vending in her size or it'd been pitching for a couple of innings and it was getting real interesting They cut to a commercial it was on the sunshine now. We're the cut to a commercial they come back and there's like the rock and roll Report is on they just took the game right off the air and the middle. Oh, yeah, that's nice, huh? 16th inning they took it right off the air they put on some little kitty video party show and You know, I'm sitting there like apple fleck, they're pulling out the TV guy trying to find their phone number and All of you would have had your satellite this you to see the entire game. I don't know Neil It's getting to get to that point. I don't know if I could take him anymore. Okay Good talking to you have a good day You two 1036 a wio d Toyota of Hollywood on 441 just not to share it Street is wheel and and deal and and squealing to get you to buy one of those beautiful 89 Toyota's and I've always got a phenomenal selection if you're in a market for a super for example and there's a particular color is Stown at your thinking about they got it over there more likely than not or can't you Move over Jane Fonda it's the Roblo video workout Why pump guys with hairy guys when you can flex your backs with the opposite sex is the Roblo video workout Rob gives you one on one One on two and two on two video instructions And that's not some engine Rob first lies direction Roblo video workout there's no expensive equipment to buy no paperwork out suits that you can work out at your own days In that backpack burn when the Roblo video workout What are now by calling 1800 blackmail that 1 800 blackmail fully possible under age workout partner not included and once for Rob's new video Court room calisthenics coming soon I'm buying all my here 1040 204 11 at wio d by the way We got a great record that we ought to dedicate to some of these people who start those false Yeah radio rumors see we like the ones that are true Exactly I Okay, let's continue with these great calls. I see a couple of people in Broward dropped off already I told you not to get your hopes up too high early. It's Monday 524 9463 524 wio d and I'm gonna say it again because I don't want to get the Roblo intensive again that's old news But it's nothing to say okay, right nothing to say everybody who sees the tape is so bitterly disappointed Just forget about it. Okay find something new and exciting in your life Anyway, speaking of fighting something new and exciting we ought to tell that to the newsroom Remember Steve last week was correctly fetching about the cloud pepperist area that was on What day was that Wednesday or Thursday? Well here it is Monday They're slaughtering people in the streets in China the Iatola finally dropped dead the cups had six home runs in one game and what's our lead story? This morning is I'm coming to work on wio d claw double again man, they're just pepper intensive here Wow coconut Grove hello get awesome clear the first place Orioles in that as well. Oh, yeah, that amazing What did one seven in a row now? Yeah, for them Wow first place that listen back to this morning and I thought that when we had was about she did not say it Yeah, I've read it wrong. Okay. Oh, you read the yeah, remember I read it well leave it on Friday And despite wise belted him in the head done in the hallway and say you read the damn memo Yeah, we don't ever do it again. We weren't concerned about it Friday, but then when I heard it again over the weekend Yeah, pirate reiner how Johnny Dolan does it So when is this the start now three or four weeks? We are you know another A portion yeah, maybe while in what we hear is there's a lot of obscure music on pirate radio So they ought to be able to relate to that the people listen to Zeta yeah, yeah I don't think it's gonna bring him any bigger numbers in the already half probably not but it'll be cheap See that's why they like these satellite formats because they don't have to pay the talent it'll be cheap I think like you do it's seen that they waste a hundred thousand water with that I mean, you know, yeah, I'd love to have that station to make it all talk they could have a six year on maybe a seven year on that station They all talk station on FM Believe me, you're right All right, I'm only to go because it's a Monday and I'm too get a lot of work. We're hot I mean, I'm telling you we're just bursting at the scenes with call today have a See a later 1043 a WI do you still air sir? You're so old on okay All right, we have one in date one in Broward that's open line just in case We don't really care on Monday because we're gonna use to it. Oh, so we just kind of like pick our own as they say on the reineries show Just kind of pick your own here for a dissafe Not another one I love how they always go to the same ones just amazing God, carry whims every time yeah, I'm doing those shows. There's carry whims I'd like to be pounding his breast And telling us all about how talk shows are gonna save the world from itself We're gonna go and make single they were gonna solve the problems in a medical I think a patient Oh god So much same this see that's what the public is tired of man. That's why they go for all these ridiculous shows because No matter how ridiculous it is At least it's different That's why it has to become more bizarre all the time because you kind of burn yourself out You know you can only have so many guys who turn out to be women You know what I'm saying and then it becomes old Like he never turned out that George Washington was a woman at this point Nobody would care they tell him what he had a pretty wig you know and What's a big deal? Of course the fact that he slept with Martha that might create some you know And then they probably be a whole thing on those shows about that Former presidents who slept with lesbian wives Anyways 1045 at WIO Day. It's true saying this man to me is just a killer It's just disgusting me too. It's on people to the same thing over him And then Yeah, and stand it Disgusting Well, I can't believe Disney was in the hallway this morning and walk by with kind of a Puzzled look on his face like GMI in the right place And even one of our engineers who usually look it does not speak to me Did he I said do I pass him in the hall was one of those one of those encounters where you just have to say something? Okay, I felt compelled and I said good morning There was a gutter will saw that came from his throat I can't now either he had indigestion hitting or he actually said something to me this might couldn't believe it See he still clean into that old Rick Edward Zion Z now he does he just hates me for that I don't know what it is, but he just has never really never gotten over the fact that I wasn't a Disciple of the Rick Edward school Mealing the mic based of the ceiling. He just he's got a thing about him. Oh, what it is He'd better get over that. Well, it's kind of fun to have some people in the building who don't speak Then of course I saw Rick weaver was in the sports booth there. You saw him from he's always for some reason when you pass him and he's in that room his back is always to you Is there a special reason for that and I noticed when he left that room He was backing out I've heard of backing out in the car But it's unusual to back out of a room But I guess that way you don't well listen he's been here long enough. He probably knows there's a good reason for it And Kat Stevens records But the biggest thing about it during Williams is keeping his mouth shut is he what that's unusual That is really unusual But don't give me wrong Jerry's a great talent on the air is a tremendous talent on here But over and above that his ego is bigger than the whole state of Massachusetts I think in a man is just a monster in his own mind But uh, Larry King is being well Did he brush his teeth this morning as he still got that killer breath? Yeah, they kind of look kind of purple the main yeah wait till he asks Charaldo to catch your check and toward the end of the show Yeah, that's when they're gonna start the fist fight You know, in fact the jury Williams has been on a couple of shows where they had fist fights too Really, so I have a feeling is that show still on? Yes, oh, yeah, wait till the last five minutes in Larry King's gonna whip out a checkbook and he's gonna write a checkout to Who's gonna look at it and then Larry's gonna breathe too close to him with a bad breathy aton Heral is gonna start getting dizzy and start to pass out and then somebody Williams will probably run over saying I know this and he's gonna bounce the check off the floor. It'll bounce like a rubber ball and then I'll start like a big bra Like in a cubs game yesterday with Mark Grace and Frank D'Pino Absolutely hey Dunston with two homer Yeah, Mitch Webster with two and two days Right now I hate that one and then he's right in the middle of this Incredibly important it is in gosh we had six on right yesterday however Well, we have a bowl of it's a pitch to complete game. Oh, is it about quote-pubble? No Radio highlights in the sun setting off okay, I understand you're on the phone for a oh God, oh I told you oh all of a sudden my stomach is churning my appetite maybe in question today Who do you follow? Go topic are you ready sir? Let's go Florida's mandatory helmet law with motorcycle enthusiast Rick Citerman Rick vitamin mr. X who only drives on the extreme right hand side of the road The dick back oh boy he's another one of Steve's slime ball surrogates. Yeah, I know Well, it's an have a great day pal you've been quite a quite an addition to the show okay now see yeah 1049 WOD actually these people are pretty decent today they've been okay haven't they for a Monday So far so good they've been pretty interresting well it's I guess it's a double-be royal You know something just hit me it called her Saturday for the first time ever the green sheet Which when we go out there Thursday? Well not green it isn't no it's a cheat but they call the green sheet Anyway one of the pickers there's like four different pickers one of the pickers named and it's been in there I don't know who these people are but his name is Harvey Junior And Harvey Junior's not one of my favorites. I don't I never pay any attention to his picks He's a wonderful guy I'm sure and then a dog on me this is Paul Harvey Junior is picking on the green I thought it was the guy from Kendall Or is that Harvey of Kendall Harvey from Kendall? He's got that kind of I don't know because we haven't heard from Minowah In fact he was like Donna in reverse remember for years he was ripping us then all of a sudden he Made that big turnaround here while he go dig turn it's that sucking around letter of course now By now he probably hates us again, but you never know with Harvey of Kendall As opposed to Harvey from Kendall maybe not be the same person Anyway, it's time to talk about the salvos and that's good because we're picking our lunch for Thursday now And what would you like on Thursday? What do you know by my favorite thing at the salvos is the pizza? So maybe pizza? Yeah, let's get a pizza. I haven't had pizza in a while Yeah, with what I'll circle toppings okay. I'm done, man. We'll get a a large Yeah with sausage sure onions and black olives on the I know how to put together a pot I'm gonna get the sausage Parmesan sub that just sounds good to me. I'm gonna move for that right now Rich will be here on Thursday too. He had a call in on the bat line if we can do that before the end of the spot If you love good family style Italian food you're gonna love to salvos pizza and Italian restaurants And I say poor old because there are now three locations There in Hollywood, Davie and a brand new one and boy were kissing the ground were having celebrations daily that they're in plantation Right in front of my old favorite wind sticks you there at the corner of sunrise and pine island roads And for lunch or dinner you can't beat it because they've got delicious food everything is fresh They're pizza out of this world some of the best pizza in town and the good news is they give you a few Mongous portions boy. They give you enough food for the Chinese army Well, this isn't a good week to say that Enough food for the Lithuanian art So when you're hungry and you're really jones in for some good inexpensive family style Italian food Discivos is open Monday through Thursday 11 to 11 Friday and Saturday late till midnight and every Sunday from one to 10 pm Here are those three locations again in Hollywood right across the street from Toyota of Hollywood between tapped and shared it on 441 in Davie on a corner of sterling and university in a table supply shopping center And of course that newest one in plantation and we are excited and proud to have the salvos in our humble town on pine island and sunrise at jackarandis square 1053 a WLD wouldn't you know a little late here on a bat line? Well, sorry about that. Bat rich making his order for Thursday from the salvos I think it is a positive I got to be on the straight narrow and you'll Yeah, so in other words what that means is you're gonna suck around for all the other Exactly, I'll win this taking measurements Two weeks so you know I've got to I've got to make a showing here. Well good luck to you Okay, we're at Lomla. Let me look on here now For the salads while I guess I can probably find it myself. Okay. All right. All right. I don't know it You sure oh here it is little anti-pasto for slim rich and a little okay and I mean a little cd oh a little bakesy Look All right, okay, cd Okay, there he is a real comedian real comedian Let's see pasta dinners here we go with the baked TV there oh Sicilian with the I should have asked him we'll just get the regular for fat rich He doesn't need that eggplant because it's no calories 10 54 a wild What was they just gonna do gonna have a record? I haven't heard and oh yeah Oh Is No, it's a Hamilton no no no no it isn't it frank and Reynolds no no I wonder what she's doing tonight By Tommy boys wow Bobby heart you right haven't heard it in over 10 years Hi Alia good morning gentlemen when is this this and before we we we we we we we we were the birth here second this and Bert what you can pour me and what what I come in a watching ESPN With the tennis this well we're a little preoccupied here so I know it's hard to do it Maybe you some Mary Joe yesterday win no I didn't know it's asked me during the break how did Gabby do and when I broke the news to him He started I hallucinated just looked it up and my heart sunk Okay, now we can get away from that and huh? Then come just some mouth on you. Yeah, you can say that again. You know, you know if you look at Zimmer Every time this the wild man comes in the pitch It looks like after every pitch. He's ready to go have some diarrhea or something because it just makes you too nervous to watch this guy go to the ball Go have some diarrhea, but I never really thought about it quite those terms before you know Guy is no wreck into watching pitch. You're afraid that he's gonna hit well a what day are you talking about on Friday? He struck out the side right, but did he pitch Saturday? I think he came in the clean up. Yeah, we need to clean up. They lost the game in the 10th inning But the thing is just not not when they bring him in is anytime they bring him in you look at him and he just looks Poppers. Yeah, his eyes start popping out of his head and you know the way he throws the ball look like he's gonna knock the hell out Well, I love I still love on our This station those sports talk people with all their great sports writers from the Harold and the Sun Sentinel keeps saying all that bitch William's you know a couple of saves he'll ever save another game though that was like back in the first week of the season He's now got 14 saves and he's just to be on belief Yeah, and and and the Yankees You know there's a pathetic there's so glad to see beyond Sanders that you know He'll bring any kind of thing and we're thinking to sign it up beyond the moochies matter fine They called here and asked if we knew is it rest in Boko oh No, but you know the couple are doing good and and that's just hope they can they can Yeah, that's what they just went for in a row from the midst to make it a nice clean that ride That's all they need okay I we appreciate Steve Stanceel over next or GTR and all that good stuff that he did for us however I will say that we're regressing back to the old good old days Well, you hear that something something I was kind of glad to in that last call I did the complaint But now I wasn't even listening to call it all New stock radio 610 WIO D presents Neo Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIO D in day 524 WIO D in Broward or 655 and 278 WIO D in the fall beaches other areas may call collect The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations now Here's Neo Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIO D Hi, I met you for a few for Danes Let's go in guns. We have the largest selection of blues and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing a corrupt alcoholic Bevergan weapons for your next outing going squirrel hunting then you'll love our low prices on snap and hang grenades Live in the city but our deal on hand on the California one Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self-defense maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a failbox Well, we've got gallant jets a while turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale this week only World for 24 hours never check I've these and we're in our air proof So come on down to view for Danes liquor and guns where everything leaves loaded Guy and few question Do we have all this stuff already? I see do all that's me. What's going on here? I mean not that I'm want to sound unappreciative, but we got all this stuff already and they're putting it on card All I guess it sounds better on cart that on CD yeah Thought world no more muffled on court Anyway, it's 1107 at W. I do we have very famous celebrity handicaper from the race tracks all ever so uploaded on the phone now Speaking of muffled quad got a little clammy by now, that's nice So I think this is a scuffing comment Listen, I know about as much wash your mouth out with claw rocks I know about as much about horse racing as glendus. Oh, yeah, senior picks I've got to ask you a question every morning I write past called her on the term I can't see them training and of course they're only most of the time Detraining around the track counterclockwise But every once in a while you see him switching go the other way. Why didn't he do that? Some of us some of them go the other way Now this is a question yeah, oh Harvey never lets me down I will be out there Saturday the 24th I have to tell you that Glenn will be there won't he? Yeah, all right Wow Miss fried ass back there doesn't know it yet But absolutely he will be there and he will be paid for his performance too Good for you. So I just want to make sure she's aware of that because she has a tendency not to communicate She got a toughest person in the building to set a day for remote for next to next to captain BM Should you what I'm sorry I'm stepping on you Scooper now the guy with a dog will not be permitted believe me Okay, there anything we should look for we're gonna bring us some special Mongolian body guards up there on that Saturday We missed you boats are us, uh, you know I was on that That muscular or multiple all that right you know that bike right that we yeah I did another one yesterday for the along association a hundred miles you want to talk about feeling like Wow We knew there was a logical explanation yeah, yeah, otherwise I did driven all the way down there from Boca Ritzel Wells and there's clock your Abe clocker clocker Abe's pretty sharp K Wells is good though. She sometimes picked those long shots boy. She's got some real courage And who else is on there this one track man I don't know see they've all got names it's like Mike melody and Johnny dark and all these other phony names Track man I'll tell you who does a great job is a guy who makes the Greated line in there is that's Bob Sabb one of Bob Sabbages sons Does that he does a tremendous job he really does you get very often I don't pay any attention that because your ego gets in a way that's why Steve went out there on Saturday But no seriously sometimes I'm not gonna just bet on somebody else's picks. I'm gonna study the form and Spope it out myself and and so often you see that they really have their stuff together and that hit in the green sheet So if you go out to Carter today, there'll be no losers in a green sheet That's how there are no races today at a moral Yeah, but boy they haven't done just a I can't get over beautiful beautiful job on that fourth floor in the clubhouse I didn't I didn't get a chance to get around the rest of the track Let's check out any other changes but boy they have just made that Polatial up there great Phenomenal anyway the reason that they're blasted over a GTR they're air conditioning is out today. Is not a shame What a true breaks my heart So they have the doors open and as a result that basis just Tounding through the walls just Blasting through the hallways what are they playing some CCR? That's what no anyway if you're in plant trees 11 13 a W idea apologize I had a little accident here. We had a CD that slipped there and hit the Hit the button and so you heard a little mumbling there, but it kind of fits in Because of the big story continues to be club pepper. It sounded like we're taking up an office pool See which newscash did finally will be on which day the club peppers not the lead story on the news And I don't think it's disrespectful at all. I mean Steve was right the guy was one congressman out of 465 or 435 whatever the hell of it and He was 88 years old. It's not like it was some great shock and he'd been sick for weeks He had a great life. Yeah. He lived a long full life and They're riding in China and they're slaughtering him in the streets and the eye atola just dropped dead and God only knows what's gonna happen over there and Like I said the cup's it's six Oh, I'm not a lot of people We're talking we're hot gonna try and it would club pepper again. I mean let's give it a rest already Okay, let the guy rest in peace for crying out a lot if they don't sooner later They got to put that body in a ground. You know what I mean? Oh, man. It's got to be getting through a little rank is it by now? I don't think they've ever slept anybody's body around like this heavy Not Kennedy now he just he was in washington that was it I'm I'm trying to think even when TOTI field died I didn't slip around like this. It's 1114 WIO deal. Let's go to high alia hello Great the thing that caught pepper kind of reminds you way back on um Saturday night live when I'm turby Chase used to do the news, you know Francisco Franco is still dead Yeah, and for months it went on and that can be this way of caught pepper to look like Wouldn't it be something if they were you know doing this motorcade thing and they had the coffin open And all of a sudden he started like sitting up in the thing wouldn't that be incredible? I don't want to think about it. You may not believe it, but I think penny Daniels is gonna have that on inside story Did not add channel 7 In fact, you know all the talk about Elvis and that they say it was a wax dummy. I think claw to steal a lot Well, not people always thought claw was a wax dummy anyway, but yeah I was not gonna question for you He just as alive as he has been last 20 years, isn't it? I get I don't have a good thing so it's not a rip, but I mean the guys like was 88 years old Leave him alone already Okay, then you can tell me goodbye Oh, Jesus, expect me to find that now Sometime today, but you don't understand they still have most of my CDs over there It would only I could only play it if I have it on one of these CD Wait a minute, I just decided a big deal about it over there when we played it remember Yeah, I'll have to dig through all my CDs now You really made some serious work, but I'll dig it up Really, yeah, we didn't show I don't have a scratch you'll record start me a bulletin now. I'm sure it's on CD somewhere if I don't have it is What I think it is I know it is it's on that oldies It's on it's on these yeah the series the oldies but could he series and on Saturday and what label is this? Original sound entertainment what a great label and it's but anyway, I'll find it The reason I call I got a spiral port it's how to do a drag beat down There's something we're going on with his marriage. I think you're in his wife's gonna be gardener So we can see how to do something my dad or something with posture some like that because he came home and she had noodles in her mouth Oh boy, nice to have a great day. I like that joke. That was the cue. Yeah Five Americans One six On pirates. Oh, okay. Yeah, but it was it let's stay stick with English. You're okay. Yeah, I'll talk me a China with all these Chinese words now Yeah, you're the best kid. I know it. Yeah, I'm no Larry King though because I brushed my teeth every No, I listen to Gary Gary's babies. It tremendous talent. There's no place in the bodies. Yeah, kind of a pompous ass, but he's a great guy Great guy. Well, I know he's an old friend of yours Well, yeah I listen to you show every morning and Loan the hope I Mentioned your own do so Jerome. Oh yeah I know the listen to the sucker well there you go see I'll give it up with publicity. I want my cut I want my share now Did they have a fist fight on a show or not? No That's this a pretty nice but he's the Gary's soul show. Yeah, well he he stands heads and shoulders above the other fakers that were on that show Right trust me. You better believe okay have a great life As they say in the Chinese riots, I guess on okay 1119 at Wild You're all hit music Oh, I forgot which one I put in there it starts cold and I'm talking oh boy. Yeah, wow I'm forgetting to get out that cart We're gonna have to get out that rookie ticky cart By the way, do you hear what we're nearly into Janie Americans this morning? Oh, you alter Arnold is here Mr Arnold's here now great boy. I'm so into mood for those little burgers boy. Is that Mr Arnold this would do it for me? And you went into that other room. I don't know what are you doing in there? What in our name? He's getting the guided tour in the new product by the way speaking to the other room today is the fifth of June Yeah, there he is look at this with just this is like heaven in a box Okay, what did you find in that? In a box anything interesting in there? No, I was looking for a larger Looking for Roger. Oh, you'll get him. Have no look at that car. Roger get taken care of I didn't bring you started but I brought you ice. Well, thank you. That's what we just love the ice. That's what it's all about Thank you so much. You know everybody I know oh they are oh great well let me recommend personally They can cheeseburgers these are the best in the history of the time Like this great Yeah, because everybody I know tells me they're stopping by your place now so obviously you're pretty gonna be retiring about a week Thanks a median wait. Oh, this is great. Hi Henry Warrior here's a bacon cheeseburger just because you're such a wonderful drunk Okay, it's a 21 past 11 a WID is Roger. Hi not any workers we got that personal I Roger gets his own personal bag And we get our cups of ice. Oh, this is terrific okay and everybody on the phone has been so good today Please listen to whatever and it's not that far off Not only a month and a half away. Wow Rick is so upset well whenever the weather gets like this you know football It always comes to my mind. Yeah, and you guys think and just the other day about the Eric Eric C'mero Oh, they do have the little bacon cheeseburgers that Arnold's real castle so when you go in there there they come great Hmm, I don't know what's in the box, but please help themselves Okay Is there more in the box? Oh, God he just went nuts today didn't he? Does a whole box of them? Well great. Let's see what days today Monday? Well, why let you take that box to the newsroom and maybe that'll cut down on Oh, Roger that here today Sure, it's out with Andy Worker oh working. I thought maybe they're out playing golf today coming there golf shirts today Henry's going to a wine tasting but Henry was in here briefly just um and time to surprise Clems his palate with one of these burgers before he goes off What does that mean George? What is that hello? Yeah, yeah Hello, hello, let me say it again. Yeah, yeah, yeah You're right now. Well, that's your problem Scott Great You're hitting all the ice bars No, I thought I was wondering I know it's a big deal can you can you trust with the man who's for the lightning man? You're talking to a buddy of mine up there? Yeah, who's that? Oh We're talking to you New Deal Some boxes Obviously made it to the radio station, but oh, it's great radio because we're eating Norm never heard of him He does a talk Show I'll never heard of him. Yeah, I know to bet I can't do it here What I think he used to work for 1180 WHAM and Rochester now come on get out of here That was Bob Turner used to work for WHAM Okay, well listen, I'm gonna put you guys on hold because you're worth paying for it, right? Okay, well, let's not a run up a hell of a good bill. That's good What what's happening? He's busy eating now and he thinks you're disturbing him okay He just said a very perturb look on his face like why don't you I got out the bird one question. Yeah What's the deal with our senior home? What about him? Who rinds he so hot to guys delay in the time she has heard of him? That's right. He's got no talent and he looks like he just came off a spaceship for Mars Well, he's different, you know, yeah, we don't have too many other Martian talk show hosts Exactly Okay, hold on don't go away and I'll come back to time every once in a while Ask a few questions. It's the old story. He's different. Yeah, I'd say that again Nine minutes from the show that many times that one big item in the middle of his forehand It's 24 past eleven at Wild Over the years 1126 at Wild Steve today with the couple of Catholic priests who are gonna get into a little Tiff oh good and Father Patrick O'Shea and father Joseph Francis Collins And they both say the other one is full of crap, okay, which is part of your need on the steep pinch A couple of guys who are say the other guys full of crap and generally you get a little bit of religion in there and a lot of good Hey, Triton we got a good to contract controversy and that's what's coming up from two to six and then after sports talk Tonight With the host to be announced. It says no writer Really sports talk. It says Cain's baseball tonight from the college world series in Omaha 810 The hurricanes in Texas Well, I'm not doing the show and Oh, you're not gonna do sports talk tonight. They may I think you get a big audience Wacer time so Alex Fernandez gonna pitch for Miami tonight so that ought to be a real Incredible ball game eight ten tonight exclusively on six ten Wild and spite of what they say on some of the other Sport yeah station that's right. I can't believe I was so rude to Ed Camplin on Saturday I have to apologize if I didn't recognize me said Do you remember me and I you know I don't like to say no What do you do when somebody says that no Well, I thought he was just some slept listener and he sat down for a minute and he was you know Try to be friendly and I was very Not rude but distant, you know because I want to be left to hell alone. I'm sitting out there on a roof card And then when he left I thought that said camp. Oh, there's a good guy. Oh, yeah They sound good. Yeah, like God. He sounds good. He does and in fact there's sports over there is picking up all the time I don't want to get anybody paranoid in the building here But there's sports is sounding better and better and they they talk about more than just the Yankees or the Metz Or the dolphins. I know that's pretty on earth of oxen this time Even on the beach that's on earth of ox Well, this is the time of the year when you wish you were huskidic don't you when you could be wearing 700 pounds of clothing Have your hair down to your pupic and wear a nice big hat over there on the beach don't you wish that what's in there? ice. Oh, this ice is great Got an under control. Yeah, everything's real mellow and Rodgers got a bad. I watch your bag is here with your name Order got it your names on it your three plane whatever it is Willton manner hello What do you say sir about castration oh yeah Sally right now on the Sally just he wrapped the elf shall you know speaking about the ball game They got a real myth bag on there. They're talking about surgical castration Early yeah, but repeated sexes on there. Oh great I got some earth's iconic doctors and Sally gonna be the first volunteer She keeps talking about she says man You know so you get this guy and he's a repeated sexes under and you cut his and you feel in the rest because I don't talk like that Yeah, but you know she's thinking like that. No, she's thinking about it all the time That's why she wears those funny glasses If it's unbelievable yeah Talk about that clock pepper It's kind of more of a detainting dragon that body around. Yeah. Why don't they bury the guy already most people get buried? You know when their body is still fairly fresh. They put it in the the Congress there and people are walking by you know looking at it I'd be creepy. I wouldn't want to go to work I'd be like well good couple people walk by and slap the face a little bit you know and why don't they leave it alone before all crumbles Yeah, there's so you know some yeah health code or something Could be not a Washington anymore. All right now everything is on sanitary and Washington certainly in fact That's why they call it the monk city. That's it. Well, I said you've been a real addition to the show All right, and if you believe that you'll believe anything have a great day. Enjoy your meal. Thank you 11 30 a W mild. Yeah, this is this really just hits the spot without going nuts early Which is yeah because I had that big meal last night a lot of time for now. Oh, for those who are tuning in late We want to repeat the staggering rumor that we heard her because it's more than just a rumor Yes, it is and we apologize because usually up until we came to W mild we had an impeccable record almost a perfect record And passing along information about the business once we came here we started getting well Kind of manipulated if I can use that word a little bit into passing along information that was less than dependable. Yes, so don't depend on it That's it comes from that our slogan don't the Isn't it great that so far we've been on our behalf and even though Disney's into building Boy Gary and spike wise. I saw him they're all in the building and everything is still kind of mellow Boy, maybe they can go away again for a couple of weeks wouldn't that be good? Well, they must be so I was debating over the weekend I like to bitch about the fact that they never show their faces in here and they don't do anything But unbalanced, you know when they're gone things go pretty well. Are you in betcha? Anyway, the rumor is that's been confirmed by the way from different sources Also before you get the rumor I heard this morning from a very very very reliable source That several people were interviewed for Rose Folder's job while he was away last week And I said I can't believe that in this business. They would do thing like that We've seen it before we have Anyway, about three or four weeks CTA will be going pirate radio They're gonna pick up the Pittsburgh pirates game I think I'm gonna pick it up all this saddle. I'd from Scott Shannon's doing the format out in LA It'll be on westward one out of that way out of that building They're already doing it in LA, but they're it's gonna go on saddle. I think they're gonna pick it up here 34 weeks you'll see the billboards on which is what? Well, I guess this month. No, I mean what what does that mean pirate radio? Well, it's a new format in the industry they play They play some old as they're waiting to like go on vacation again. Maybe that's when they do all the way Thank you. Oh, yeah, and you'll come back. Yeah, remember with Stan you bet oh It was just a coincidence. There was not and I had nothing to do with it. There's not coincidence They play some oldies from the sixties, but different oldies than you used to hearing They play some new cutting edge hard rock music cutting edge. Yeah, what does that mean? Well It means like the records are sharp and if you don't watch yourself you'll slit your wrist Like Ozy Osbourne different New music. Oh, here's a question from Nick do they play Slayer maybe yeah, maybe dead milkman definitely the dead milk. Yeah, they play a lot of that And then they play some records that were hits about five years ago, but only like every second a third record will be a recognizable Big hit, you know, they play some obscure music Perfect for ZTA And That's it that's the story and the billboards will be changing the watch this baseball boards will be becoming pirate radio billboards I don't probably be the first and they're very very nice billboards Very eye catching That'll probably be the first indicator Yeah, well, they were they were having their meeting at the cheeky lodge where I broadcast my Friday night show from Yeah, and they stayed in there about five minutes after I went on here and then they all took off I don't know if it's because they know that I talked to every now and then or or what but not One of them wanted to get up and talk to me said that Jeff Clark He didn't nice guy and I couldn't tell much of the interview well since his operation You know very mellow and Every other Wednesday they bring him in and they talked to him and are still waiting for a response They talk to him real quiet and they hope that he'll finally start speaking he hasn't spoken in three years I saw Dennenberg. Yeah, he's the only one who was under five foot tall, right? Yeah, okay, I got to get the seat. Yeah, he lost two inches by the way and he's pretty upset about He's the one that they went out paris dealing with I think yeah, yeah, yeah, they used him They put him on a fish of these them his bait Had a wonderful time and the people at she could say they hope they never come back there again Good, well listen we were hoping the same thing that they'd stayed down there and I got a little life report on myself I stopped doing the morning show from 6 to 10 a.m The station management gave me a promotion they made me sales manager and program director wow Well, you're really moving up Jimmy well now I might have to consider myself a total asshole And I'm gonna commit to it. Okay. Well, let's not say hi to your brother Jerry for us Okay, okay, here Jimmy music. Wow. What is one of the For these little bacon cheeseburgers When you go to Arnold's Royal Castle get the little bacon cheeseburgers, but believe me I agree. It's bar that good Ah Anyways, time to remind you that on Saturday June 24th we're all gonna be at Toyota of Hollywood Now remember last time that Stephen I were there and I said I wanted a Record-breaking turnout. Yeah, we didn't have a good turnout. They sold a ton of cars which is what you know That's main idea But we just there are a lot of those regulars. You know what I mean a lot of those same faces including the guy with a dog and then that up not just slob from The hangs out at playoffs Mr. Res and Those people are not invited this time. We want a whole bunch of like new and different people We're gonna have all kinds of pictures and bumper stickers and prizes. I mean some not not these crappy little prizes that they usually try to pawn off that they think you're gonna come in for We're gonna have some real legitimate incredible stuff Oh, so mark the date Saturday June 24th. They've lin ever decides to tell me what time Johnny Dolan just called off the year with a very shocking message. He said hi Which shocked a hell out of me and he said pirate radio is for 18 to 24 year old males what we know then? Just like K102 yeah was for 18 to 24 year old males and there is a section of Those mentally deficient 18 to 24 year old young pinheads who are in a bad real heavy duty crap, okay, but one a one share that's what it was good for before in this market and it You know they can relate to that over there. They'll be comfortable with like a one three Maybe one six Hmm anyway, it's 1138 a WIOD And we'll go to deer field hello. Yeah, yeah, how you doing great? Took your advice and went to our Kevinetta Unbelievable yeah, but there is one place in town that makes a black seven Ed or a distant second I don't believe that out Yeah, are you the crank Am I the crank yeah, no, not the crank did we ever hear a more about that now not a word Hey, you gotta you gotta try it, you know it's gonna I think you would you to agree. I prefer a lot to have a notice 1138 what are they looking for free publicity is that what that was all about? I don't know Interesting, you know I'd forgotten all about it. Yeah until he mentioned it again I think that's gonna be like the donut place. Yeah, could be Could be a lot of energy went into that crank boy. Yeah, and we still want a beating from from from our friends up to street at Flora's a tremendous Newly Amanda's it was wonderful. They finished the week But isn't it interesting how we haven't heard any more about that? Hmm. I was gonna call up there and I forgot about it because it was on the weekend probably just as well Boy Yeah, I can see that this guys that was that was such an obvious setup calm you have to be an idiot Not to smell it from 100 miles away. You get smell it garlic Anyway, it's 1139 at W-I-O-D and we got a call from West Palm Beach, hello Hey Neil, how you doing good? What did the call and let you guys know? I checked out one of your places you used to talk about the Andrius this weekend and I don't know what happened, but I called information to get their phone number Yeah, and it gave me the wrong number by made reservations for some restaurant or even know where it was for five o'clock But we showed up at the Andrius at five and ladies says well, we don't open to six She opened the restaurant up she was the owner and let us come in and have a couple cocktails and it's six They See did us and the food was out of this world. Oh, yeah They said we sit down you know and start my we took my mother-in-law there for dinner and she started order something and Todd was the waiter He said now you don't want that try this This is what Neil would have and Everybody was just well, he didn't say this is what Neil would have yeah, you did yeah But this is what Neil would have she says okay. I'll try it and the food was excellent and I told them you know that Probably don't know what was handled in the account before so they must have Little problem. No, Coleman was handling the account That that's kind of in the same genre But the food was actually I drove that's a terrific were they busy? Yeah, for Sunday afternoon. I was surprised good Of course we were the first people there so we did I'll see it take some time. I think they were a little impatient and also they picked the time right after Easter when that you know Everybody disappeared But they're gonna do okay. They got a great great great restaurant food was excellent and we every time we hear a restaurant You know run across WIOD we check it out. We haven't been disappointed yet Good haven't had a chance to check out those burgers you guys are eating yet, but Understand there's nothing like a great piece of ice Yeah, yeah I'm supposed to be have a great day See he was great and they tried to be funny and He was a good call but he tried to be they get a little humor there in the end and it was about his funny is like a broken leg 1141 at WIOD we have an opening always on a Palm Beach line. I'm sorry. I apologize 655 9463 655 WIOD in Palm Beach County the Lee Follower show today asking the musical question is Rick cider and really a douchebag Ha ha ha ha ha Boy is that a tough question they can answer that in about three minutes. Miami. Hello. Hello, dude This is Harry Are you there? Bad voice Harry Excuse me. I must have been calm. Oh six home runs yesterday that did it I know I'm not sure it's was the whole ride's or it's was the fact that I do that you are coming to Chicago Yeah, that must have been it well listen When you do come up here, I want you to visit me Hmm, I want you to come up You know the good thing you told us it was yeah Sure, it's not Elvis is this Elvis Don't Harry. Elvis is with Claude. Oh, okay Winston Neil yeah, Harry Come sad I trust you are too Okay, Harry take care of yourself. Okay. Are you sure that would now? Oh, elf landin. Yeah, I'm 43 a W. I O. D. See what I mean about these amateur Commadians the worst the worst the worst. I just hate deadly. It was In fact Harry started to get surly even after the cubs 11 to three yesterday starting to get the hysterical after that. Miami. Hello Oh, no. Yeah. Are you doing okay? Burn. How you doing? Fine. Let me ask you a question sir. Yeah. How you doing? I'm doing just wonderful. Good. Yeah, I got Claude pepper-stye-port As you know the bird the bird tells us there are no coincidences Okay, will the eye atola passed away last? Yeah, I was thinking about that isn't this a pretty bizarre I've never seen Claude in the eye atola together. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I would he look with one of those you know up there with a Smoto. Yeah, right, right. Okay. Think about that and why doesn't he stick his good at English as you or me? Okay, yeah, maybe he's speaking in a rainy and maybe that's his first language Okay, well that was that was just my thought on that and in fact they asked Claude how he got elected to the Congress he said I ran Pretty well, I think I think he was trying to tell us something there sir pretty pretty week there now. Yeah, I know yeah Okay, I was in it was great the cubs scored 11 runs. That was unbelievable output for them That's about a week's quote are usually Couldn't believe that okay when I heard that so let me say it again. They had five home runs in a whole month of May and they had six in one game yesterday That was incredible for them. I don't know so many you know they must have got lucky here something Nexter Gatorade Okay, how did great today? Fantastic, no, yeah, I'd like to call Sean a douchebag in closing. Okay, in closing. Oh, remember Rick Shaw or dog sled Oh, they just all got to get those little tentacles, you know, yeah Oh, that was a good lunch one. They we ate it fast. I'm going like lightning. Yeah It's all gone. So every drop. Yes Every drop. There is some ice in the bag. It's right. I said So I'll gone There ain't nothing left so Andy and Todd you missed out, but it was it was exceptionally good today And I want them to feel bad But it was probably the best ever wasn't it? It was great. Boca. Hello Any idea on the trip? I have a quick spiral work A-bewards spiral work Sorry Sadie This weekend You know, you two is ordering partially soup. I couldn't believe it I'm willing to move Yeah, take care. See ya Now for a Monday these are exceptional calls. I would agree the quality of the calls today is compared to the usual Monday plus the number of the calls we've had more calls already that we usually get in a month of Mondays It was kind of a pretty good weekend. I enjoyed it. I think it was great. I had a tremendous dinner last night I had a good time at Calder on Saturday and a cub scored all those runs yesterday and everything was great Life goes on I think I don't know. I need I need a little rest now. You know after that lunch Because it was quick. Yeah, see I usually space mine out that's why it takes me so long because they did very slowly Because while you're on the air you don't want to do anything real quick and have an accident Yeah, speaking of the oh I'm gonna have to be excused Ha ha ha ah Go right ahead. I have to go that like it. Zeta. We said Zeta I have to go check the mailboxes Yeah, what are the flowers and what else did we use? We couldn't say anything over there. I don't know how we got any numbers because we couldn't say anything about Anything So I have to go check and make sure the kitchen sort. We wouldn't want this rumor about pirate radio the effect Williams is the general manager because he does have young children who are highly impressionable and would not want to hear other kids in school saying that daddy is a douchebag. Okay? The daddy is some kind of a mindless mung brain who couldn't he wouldn't know a radio from a freight train. Go ahead just to zip right on out of here. You know how I wait for an engraved invitation. Okay? And while you're doing that I think I'll tell everybody about neutral system. Okay, I love him 50, 10 before noon at WOD. Can't feel like a certain freedom now. Like if I wanted to talk about all the home runs the cup city yesterday and it's Sanders and pitched a complete game and go. Yes. Oh, my name is Kelly. I'm a first time corner long time. Well, that's great Terry. How are you doing over there with all our American money? Well, I'm like getting much of it because I'm a host mid-hent cable between the Bahamas before. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, I wake up as they say and is they say and Siberia, it's called mere halushes. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. It's quite hot over here. Oh, yeah. Well, that's pretty hot here too, Terry. You're doing a great job and you always make my day. I hear we have a lot of listeners over there in the Bahamas. They spend a lot of time listening while they're counting those American dollars. Is that true Terry? Well, I was doing a lot of work. I'm working for the heart. You're working one. Oh, pretty hard. Yeah. I'm a host mid-hent cable. Oh, boy. Why are you probably get to rub elbows with all those rich people, huh? Yeah. Now listen, let me ask you a question that new casino that Murph Griffin opened. Uh-huh. Which one is that? That's the one who'll tie those islands. Oh, it's a NASA. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It's a NASA over there, silence. Boy, talk about halushes. Now, what's the name of it? Um, it's um, the shirt and ground hotel on casino. Well, the Sheridan Gran Hotel on casino. Yeah. And that's Murph Griffin. He's got his own uh, his own little airport. Yeah. Isn't that great? That's right. And as Pat say Jack, reach you when he get off the plane there with Vanna. I say it must be a really great place, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're doing great over there. Oh, we're part of the island. The Sheridan Hotel and casino thing. That's right. Well, I'm thinking about going over there and checking it out. It's supposed to be nice, huh? Yeah, it is. Even Carnival of Nice to the Crystal Palace. I don't want that just open up. Uh-huh. You know, and tables, each area. Yeah. That's lovely, all right. Great. Well, listen, that's great hearing from you. Yeah. Okay. And say hi to all our friends over there. We understand we've just got a legion of fans over there in a Bahamas. Yeah, you do. Well, that's, that's pretty exciting. Have a good one. Okay. Bye. Wouldn't she nice? We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 Wild. Five nine four six three Hollywood. Hello. I know you're going to be angry at me. Yeah. I'm already, I'm already angry. I apologize. I'm the one that was supposed to deliver the food, but I must tell you what happened. Yeah, right. See, I'm going to answer. Let me ask you a question. Yes. Is this, how long is this going to go on? Is this a joke? No, it's just that the dog ate part of it. I put it in the house to bring it. Yeah. 1153 a W. I do. We have an open line in day. Listen, it's noon time or it will be soon. So I can't wait to that news report. See if they very cloud yet. How much you want to bet here? I mean, just a friendly little, little, imaginary wager that's the first story on the noon news will be called. Well, pepper. Yeah. I think the odds are 1.9. Oh, quick burn. Yeah. You're 1.9 yesterday. And you got gaffed in the third race. Really? Yes. Hey, those 1.9 shots. Well, he opened up with a thousand dollars in the pool for him. And then it went down from there yesterday was a blood bath for me at Calder. Really? Where did quick burn phase you're 1.9? I think about, well, he didn't go off at 1.9. It was 1 time he was like that. He came in 4th I think. Great. Hot the board. Yeah. I had a horse yesterday. You know, one of those tips. This horse can't lose. Yeah. I hear that. Yeah, like the 12 horse in the first race Saturday. He can, in fact, here he comes right now. Oh, man. I'm telling you, it was incredible. Truly, you wasn't blood that. I thought I wasn't that. What is a tan man square or something in China? Yeah. But you still have a good fun. Well, that's one thing. Even though I lost a few bucks Saturday, I had a great time. A nice tan. I set outside. I wanted around. I ran into a whole bunch of people. It was great. You know, I ran into your buddy there. Well, I don't know if he's really your buddy. Lester Green shirt. Yeah. I love that. Oh, listen, you know, the one race I had real good on Saturday, which got me even for a while was the third race and Lester who every time he sees me, he's got to top me on a horse. He gave me the two horse in that race. He's still running. So I immediately scratched him out. A perfect. It was a mortal one three and Lester was top in the two. Oh, boy. Well, he's a good guy though. He's good. He's good. He ever catches a ticket. He could afford it by a new shirt. He's a good guy. It's getting buried out. He. Yeah. He's having a good time doing it. Yeah. He's always there. Okay, I'll see you. Neil. Yeah. I ran into a good friend Larry Kent the other day. You ran into him? Well, so probably probably had to have stitches didn't do well. We were talking and we were talking about you and a couple of things. I think he's a fan of yours. Yeah. He's a closeted knee. The good guy. I. He's out. As fate would have it. We were talking about where is WFU now. the Ohio. He's a giant and industry. He's a big medical guy. Okay. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Bye. Okay. Well, there's a guy who plunged his guts out at Colorado yesterday, and that's the kind of guy we really admire and appreciate, okay? And little preview. We're going to have a tribute to the old Zeta in the next hour. Ha ha ha. Just a little preview there. What's to come? Kiel, not so brighter is it April? Who's sitting in there? April? Press by the host guest or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIO. Don't say nice and geeky or get out of here. Get out of here. Not that bad. 12.05. It's WIO. He spike wise from 90. That's doing your bugging us again. Well, he is some well, I got a special tribute not to wouldn't it be great if we could get like Capriita on here. Wow. After it's all over over there. Yeah. It should be probably in a couple of weeks. Yeah. Yes. Wouldn't that be so as the whole inside story? Yeah. The inside edition. What's he going to do? Good question. What are those going to do? Rose bought a house. You told him not to do that. Well, like everything else he didn't listen anything else at Agam. So why should be different on that? So the instructions he wins the Colonel Office Pool. Okay. A little tribute. It's Oliver. Nice. Oliver. Harry. Go. I'll go. This is the wrong part. Oh, he's here. There we go. No. No. Yeah. They're talking about him. All right. Well, that was. I'm dying on the chair. Yeah. I'd see if we can do it over on the side of the board. There we go. Should be it to say that. Look at the dad. Now you're supposed to hit the buzzer in the second. That is nice. Very nice. Good. Heaven. Well, I wanted to be perfect because it's for me to say that. And their favorite recording group. Okay. And look what we've done for him. We didn't get to the part that I liked the best though. What cut is that? Hmm, it should be pretty easy. It's number one. I think. There we go. This is the part that just sends me. Okay. There we go. Oh. Every time I think is a to man. I just start rolling. And we're making my stomach. For the 70 Wild. We have a celebrity caller from Channel 25 in beautiful Palm Beach County. It says hello. Neil, bird. How you doing? Good. Great. I'm working up here at the Channel 25. You know, in Jimmy Brasmer is up here now. You know, but nobody gets it anyway. Who is this? It's Alan Colin from Channel 25. Alan. Yeah. First time caller. What do you do up there? I'm one of those sales people are else holes. Oh, it's a sales person from Channel 25. There you go. There you go. I've got a couple of something for you here. Okay. All right. On WDZL on Channel 39. They do these promo for a love connection. I don't know if you've seen them. Anyway, they have these little cuts of people talking. Answering questions. And in the middle that you're going out. Get a life. So they're, you know, they're ripping material off from your nail. Yeah. Like everybody else. Anyway, there's a, have an answer to a musical question that, uh, a call or a few weeks ago. He wanted to know what the song was. At the end of that movie, Groove Tube. Yeah. Yeah. It's called Just Me Just You. Oh, the singing in the rain. That's right. What am I talking about? Um, he's wall. He's wandering around, uh, midtown Manhattan. Joe did the fountain. Yeah. He sort of dancing around the right. Right. So it's called just, The thing in the rain was in a clockwork orange. That's right. Yeah. He thought it was singing in the rain. What? In a clockwork orange? Uh-huh. Or you must have seen a different version that I did. Uh-huh. Talking about Groove Tube. Oh. Yeah. But that's the name of the song. Just me. Yeah. Grinchu wasn't out with Malcolm McDowell. Exactly. So if you guys get your station, uh, constructed yet, you all done? Yeah. We're on the air. We've been on the air since January 1. No, but you had it like a new facility. Yeah. Yeah. It's done. It's what? It's up and rolling. Rolling. Rolling on the river. Yeah. Yeah. But that's it. Just wanted to call. Okay. How did Jim Brosmer for us? He's a great guy. He's a super job. He's a great guy. In fact, I have a Jim Brosmer, a club, Teppernic, though, for you. Yeah. Jim was selling about how in 1960, and I'd he had a club pepper on it on. And so one of his interviews, uh, during the late news. And it was just about the time of the moonwalk. And he, uh, during one of the breaks he motioned over to Claude and said, Claude, what do you think of the moonwalk here? And Claude said something like, well, there's just a lot of sand and rocks on the moon. And no, we got plenty of that here down in Miami Beach anyway. Yeah. So there you go. That's not going. That's not going. There you go. Yeah. And pretty soon he'll be part of the sand and dust on the beach too. So what goes around comes around. Listen, Alan, have a great day. Hey. Thanks a lot. See you. Bye-bye. Boy, for a Monday. This is, and it has been shocking, isn't it? I wasn't ready for this. It was something about Carter that I was just going to tell you only moments ago. And it just, um, just, um, just looked my mind something really, desperately important. Attendant. Huh? Oh, yeah. They did, uh, yesterday on a Sunday they had 986,000 people and held a, a million, 337,000. Yeah. We saw better. We could be better at a Sunday. See, Sunday racing has never really taken off down here. I don't know. It's because everybody hears over the age of 100. Oh. Oh, not on a Sunday. We have to go play in a my-drunk tournament on Sunday and having a little thing in the clubhouse tonight. Oh, boy. When is this ever going to change? It isn't, isn't it? No. No. Hmm. Pretty nice. I don't think so. Yeah. He's a great kid on a black and a great set right in the eye. He knows even a little daddy. He knows even a little slowly. Well, we think that you and I want in the record just to say, hello. Hi. I could see what y'all doing out there in a morning on a day to four as a new father's show. Come on, Amy. Yeah, on the same to you. Isn't that cute? That's Heather. Yeah. Really bring it back more memories. We're too bad we don't have all our old jingles from Zeta. Maybe they'll send them over now that they're going to become married. And over there. They makeda it some sort of beautiful t Mimi. to the Hall of Fame. I want you to do it at a real gracious kind way, but just turn it down because if I can't be here and spell the roses, what the hell good does to do me to be in the Hall of Fame? And Harry, if we come here and don't play at least some commercials, what the hell good to do? Our producer, a beleaguered man, Bruce Cornblatt, who's sitting here, that looked like that. Oh my god, he became Appleplectic, I heard it. I couldn't believe it. Well, I've cost his man. He's a real original guy. I want to have a kind. Everybody listens to Neil Rogers. You can say it again. Hey, I saw this other show, Jockey, I don't know if you've ever seen that. No, it was on channel 33 last night. Boy, those guys really put their lives on the line. Oh, that's a dangerous sport. Oh, I'm better than that. I think I don't know if you've ever seen any accidents or, oh, yeah, even on film, you know, oh, yeah, it was horrendous. Oh, yeah, it's turning out because these guys fall and one horse goes and yeah, they yeah, they don't fall the other one and the horrendous stuff. I believe it will. Well, I'd like to say Walter Berman is a big douchebag. Okay. Thanks for the cost as report. That was got me Appleplectic. Okay, Neil. See you later. Bye. Bye. Oh, first there. That's enough. It's a long flight. It's a long flight. It's a long flight. It's a long flight. It's a long flight. It's like it's from the new studio. Together room. I like there. Yeah, do you like the level on that? It's not muffled enough for me, but other than that. Boy, well, it isn't a really great recording, but I think that that cart machine number one again. I think they're taking turns dying again. Well, no, seriously, because I put that same cart machine number three last time and it said I'm going on with you. They're taking turns. 22 past noon at WiodD. We have an open line in Boca, 278 not ever. This is shocking. Okay. This is a real record. Is shocking. Is. Yeah. Wiod presents Neil Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WiodD in days. 524 WiodD in Roller or 655 and 278 WiodD in the Palm beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio, 610 Wiod. It's the water to the tower. I think I'll land on a rock's possum. Now, landed your potato salad. Oh, no, 6. Alright, that's enough. What else? 6 at WiodD? What thing that goes? Talk carts, man. They're all predictable, aren't they? They're all direct from plant city in the radio. They're all shopping, they're all selling. Well, here's a good uplifting song by Herman Cermetz. Is this a little rip off from Wiod? From Sketer Davis? Yeah, it is. From Shady. Sketer? Sketer in the Beacolls. Wow, what's going to happen to this town when that sale goes through and Ricky Tickey is going to have to wear a brand new cap. I don't even think about it. Yeah. Why don't 7 at WiodD? It's the big fun to two hour. We got pirate radio coming to town. We got the Sandy Peyton show. What can he else could anybody want? And Ricky Tickey too. Marguade. Hello. Hi. Hi. I did want to tell you that we went to the melting pot. And Carl Springs, and we said that you sent us in the food. Let's see. Yeah. Did Troy wait on you? I don't know. This guy has blonde hair. Oh, no. That's not Troy unless he's a blow drying and dying is here. Did you ever go to Casaroas and cook in a creek parkway? Casaroa, I don't think so. You've got to go there. They're great. They're telling food that as well. Okay. And they sent us thank you, letter. We wrote a check for a pizza one night. And they said, thank you, letter, for our business. Great. So I'll try it sometime. Okay. I'm glad you enjoyed the pot. It was great. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye. One way to WiodD. Here's that horse quick burn that the guy talked about. When I'll fortify, if he opened, he said I won the nine. Somebody put a thousand bucks on him on the first flash. He went off one to nine. And early. And then fortify, we closed that. He finished in the eight horse field. Sixth. Hmm. I love that. Well, I love to see that Choco down the drain. And a horse, the, I want to race with a Lester paid 5280. What was that? What was his name? Bellquist Beauty. Bellquist Beauty. Or a low-quist beauty. I, it's got an apostrophe. Is that on Blue-Mukist Beauty? Tough. Something like that. With Bobby Lester. Hmm. A lot of chalk though yesterday. I see yours. Well, a little bit of everything. There were three Chocs in a row. Here's a 25 to one. Here's a six to one. With Rodriguez. Here's one centron. Oh boy. Steve Gaffleon. One two races yesterday. It would have been a rough day for me. Mike Gonzalez had a winner. Sunni, uh, northern dancer. Hmm. One going away. Five, forty. Not too much there. Um. The last race. Holy Opasua for 21 bucks. I don't understand what Pazou was still doing here. He had horse on Saturday that I bet real long shot. And he was right there at the top of the stretch. And then he puked. He gave it a hell of a shot. He always gives you a real good shot even if he didn't have the horse. And he won this one. Look at his nine and a half to one. He was ahead all the way. Why are to wire was ahead by four lines at the top of the stretch of one by three and a half for 21 dollars. I'll take that any day of the week. I don't know why Holy was here. Uh, nine minutes after one at Wild. My amy. Hello. Hi. Hi. Talking about animals. I've got a choice. Tidbit for you. Mm-hmm. That great physics. Mickey Dane. Oh yeah. Was. Did hear about? No. She was arrested on Saturday for a word beginning with a B. Battery. Really? On a tenant in her duplex. Oh, what? What? He heard some put up the hand to attempt to block the TV cameras. That is shocking. So what? Oh, she was released. Let me ask you a couple. Let me ask you a question. Shouldn't she have known they were coming? Yes. She sure said that. Yeah. Which is a great physics. You would think so. Uh-huh. Well, that's shocking news. I'd tell you. At least it'll keep her off the radio for a while. Uh-huh. Wait. I got something else. Yes. In yesterday's hero, Section E. There's page four E, which connects across to the right. Uh, continuation of 17 E. After top of the page. The one says Sunday June 4, 1989. And next to it says Sunday May 21, 1989. Yeah, that's the hero for him. Right? Mm-hmm. Well, it's the only paper you got. They can put any date they want. Can't a same person exist in this town? No. That's why we're here. Have a great day. Okay. See ya. Bye. You think it is? You do that appearance on the graduate album. Yeah. I'm excited. I'll tell you one thing. People that appear on it. If you don't show him often been on it, do a rational thing. Shortly after. The music really sounds good, huh? That's amazing. When is that grassroots CD coming out by the way? The one that's got the grassroots and who's the other group that was going to be on? Oh, Gary Lewis and a playboy. Uh-huh. Which I did here. I do want to give credit where credit is due. I heard on magic. He just my style by Gary Lewis and playboys the other night. I couldn't believe it. I cranked it up. I had my speakers vibrating. I said this has to be a mistake. I must be in Orlando. I must be listening to cool radio. But it was magic. Hmm. With a J. For less of this. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Up to this. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. Up to my heart. You guys, I know. You guys are right. And his father is a douchebag. But uh, that's what it goes. Gary Lewis and a playboy is on all-head radio on Pirate Radio. Ah! 61. Who we Pirate? Yeah. Why don't we do it first, okay? That'll fix them. We can use their lineers. The original Pirate Radio, I 61. Will scoop him, will he? Why don't we all come in with patches over our eyes tomorrow like a sailors can? And we'll do our own Pirate Radio. We'll scoop him again. Yeah, let's have a bit of record a whole bunch of Pirate Radio stuff, okay? Why not? Why not? My amy, hello. There. Yeah. I just wanted to tell you that if you ever need lunch brought to you, I'd be more than happy to cook you some food and bring it over. Yeah, good luck to you, pal. Yeah, we really, we really taste test food that's brought in by listeners. We have management, try that food out first before we bring it back here. And we wait 45 minutes. Four a lot of day, hello. Hey, K-Fil. First of all, about the Pirate Radio thing, I know the folks at she must be upset that they didn't get it because I think they wanted to do that too. Did they really? Yeah. Wow, I won't make any difference. I'm not going to be careful about using it on the air because it's copyrighted and they have been going after people who use it seriously. Oh, we were just joking right now. I know. I mean, I don't care. It's negative for some day, but this is how you sound so. Well, Shannon has kind of a reputation of being a little bit, uh. Well, screw him, okay. I'm a little sick and tired of these douche-bagged, making it like Howard Stern. We played some of his stuff over on Zeta, and right away, they're going to sue the company and it didn't even broadcast things on a phone. And I'll screw all these people with all their crap, okay? I think I bad attitude. Exactly. There's a little Gary Lewis to play boys. Trivia, you may not know. Back when they were getting ready to put this time and ring together, the producers of the record were so convinced that, yeah, they were so convinced that the camera would not be angry. That, uh, he only thinks back up on this record. He doesn't think he'd feel... I'm sorry. Yeah. Doesn't seem more than a phone room. Oh, it does. Let me try it again. See, we expect a lot from you. You want another shot at it? I mean, I'll give you another shot at it. Interesting, Mediterranean about this song. I know it's not the same lead on this song. It only only allowed to think back up. Just diamond ring. Ooh, one, two, five. Oh, all right. Now, here's a man. Just like the Ricky Tickie song, but if you don't see the first time, back it up and see the first time. Back it up and start it over and go. I had to put a cap on first. Exactly. Another thing about the little Eva you may be interested in, uh, uh... Oh, Jesus, I have to dig that out slowly. I've been on hold that long. I guess it didn't make it a different way. I was. I told the guy we didn't care. He didn't care about it. As long as he's had, he's had his lunch. He don't give a damn. Next time, called before lunch. He's leaner and hungry or before. The cookies backed up little Eva on the locomotion, but they, she was not a member of the group. The girl Jean King, who was the late singer of the cookies, told Carol King to hire little Eva as her maid. Glee Jean King as her maid. She was a little Eva's maid. Yeah, Carol King's maid. Carol King was little Eva's maid. No, yeah, that's why I think she turned around. No, no, no. I thought, baby, sit her stuck in my head. Yeah, what was made? Maybe both. Yeah, maybe. Another, another interesting thing was that this Earl Jean lady was the first person to record this song. I'm into something good that her retirement's covered. As their first yet. I'm gonna talk to you. You are so full of that. That's amazing. As a horizontal. Warning, that chup bearing you played about a half hour go as Boca. That's not the real version. Does that surprise you? No, you ought to get the great 28. That's a good CD. Okay, whatever you say, Phil. And tell the audio chain to set up their per voice, not per music. It could use a little more bass and maybe a little more high treble. Some compression. Yeah, that too. That needs compression, this station. Okay. Exactly. We already got part of that. Have a great day, Phil. You do. Oh, what a way to put. Yeah, we already got half of that. We got an open line and a Broward. There it goes. Boy, this one too hour. It's like legendary. Okay. Incredible. It steams in here early. Opening up his mail. Getting ready for his two priests. Oh, where the hell is that record? I got to get that. I got to stand by now. Oh, Chase. You know, what a heaven of that wreck. We're going to have on the wall for the CDs. I got like four different cases here full of CDs. What ever happened to that? Are you not getting, am I getting carried away now? Yeah. You think that's unrealistic? I guess. Wouldn't it be right there on the wall? Wouldn't bother anybody. Just a nice thing. I wanted to give everybody a preview of what's going to be on Steve Show today. He's got these, um, yes. Or coming in. You know, as we see, this is to, Mm-hmm. It's from Spike. Oh, my God. It's Spike Davis. Wow. So anyway, the two priests were sitting in his bar. And then the Blair's head was spinning around. I was born and then. Nice letters. I swear to one of our good friends. Oh, by the way, I want you. I need to see you, okay? And about two minutes, I need to see. I got something to show you that you're just going to pass out on the floor. Oh, yeah. And I'm talking about 21 after the hour. And WIO. Right. 124 at WID. But the facts machine is just loaded with stuff. Yes, he knows. He knows. Just the police. Not for on the air. I got you. Uh, it says you, oh, here's one of those spy reports that are generally, um, pretty much on target. Mm-hmm. It says you may recall that the pirate radio story was broken by us. And a previous community case. So good luck to the BLD. Who? What's that? It's from the Zeta Phantom reported. I don't recognize the number of them breaking. We are compelled, however, to point out that the story may no longer be operative. Yes, it appears as though they may stay the course. After all, they've swallowed a bitter pill and turned the corner. This is shocking to say the least, but we will keep you a prize to further developments. By the rate, pirate radio is not as glendiscribed. We don't want to pick on him since he's somewhat sensitive. But the format is actually a combination of metal, AOR, and AOR, and high energy dance music. Very teen intensive. If you want to sample, call. It's got a number. Oh, who's on a bat line? It's always busy whenever we want to. Mickey's son. No, we're not talking to Mickey's son. I'm not going to, out of your mind. I'm not going to come on here. Is that the bat line? Yeah, he's called on the bat line. Every time you're like this, I'm not interested in any Mickey-dane stories. Okay. I don't want nothing to do with Mickey-dane or her son. Or anybody else who'd like to her. Or is she not them but the best? Okay, let's touch this up. Can you believe that? We get that call like 10 minutes ago. And right away, her son is on the line. I don't hear it. That's that ring. Oh, it's planned, but it's not. Is like the pot weighed down or something, Nick? Is the pot weighed down? I can just barely hear this call. It's on a bat line. This is a sample. Great. What does that mean? Did they say it's not the way I describe it? It says it's a combination of metal, AOR and high energy dance music. Okay. Well, that's just like a more descriptive. Well, that's what's like why, sir, either. He said they would play like a deaf leopard and then they might play Madonna right after. Yeah. Everybody sounds pretty delicious to me. I'll tell you that. Really strange. Okay. But you know the question is how many formats are left? Right? Good question. That's the question. And what this is a new format? 126 at Wild. Well, we just got so much stuff going on here. It's frightening. Let's take a call from Pompanow. Hello. Pompanow. Okay. Nice chatting with you. Fembert Pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Take me a bit of a week to get my courage up to Corrigan after I chased the bird out of the room last week. Talking about the cubs, I'd like to start off today with some news and you might not be aware of, but Evelyn, don't call me Eve in Lendil, went down in five sets to Michael Chang. Well, I'm really happy for him. Okay. Maybe he can get some new teeth. Well, that was supposed to be something for the bird. I know. I know. I even or Ivan Lendol. I don't need advice. I just want to make the bird happy. But getting back to baseball, I don't just think it's ironic that Shao Wound, Dunston and Riny Sandberg, each had two run homers in the same day. Yeah. Pretty good stuff there. Now it's going to be, uh, was it three games series to see who the four in our four. Four. Four games series. Four were the match form over the Cardinals. Gonna be it. Why can't we play the fillies? That's what I like to know. We should play about ten with the fillies. How about that morials? Yeah, how about those pirates? They really suck too, don't they? Everybody all of Metz fans are going to say, Oh, we're really coming back. We want to four in a row. Yeah, three against the pirates. The pirates couldn't beat, uh, Vassar. All right. Neil, I just want to say, uh, Hello to Scotch book. I want to know when Alice's restaurant's opening up again. And, uh, say hello to good friend of mine. Johnny, start us to have to be out in Las Vegas, right? Okay. Well, we can't give personal messages on the air, but have a nice day. 28 past one at WID. We have an open line in Broward and one in Boka. And we got a couple of things here. A couple of somethings in the mail. There's one package. I don't like these packages, you know, because they're sealed like I'm going to have to put the mic down. One moment, please. It's all right. Someone, uh, facts me something here about Morton Downey. Junior syndicated show. I don't know what this is out in New York Times, maybe. Morton Downey, Junior. Gasping for air. It says MCA television with syndicates the Morton Downey. Junior show. It's about 70 stations across the country. It's having trouble for sweating those stations to renew the show for this fall. Now, this is from MCA and quantum medie ink. They produce the show. And it says some stations will not canceling the show. Have moved it to less desirable times. And this includes a course New York Channel 9, which is owned by MCA. And that's where they tape the show in Chicago's New Jersey. On June 12, Mr. Downey will switch times with our cynical halls. Increasingly popular talk show, which someone called about earlier. Why that show is so popular. It's from Rich Packter. All of this. Wow. Okay. And, um, Why? Frank. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Now, you talk about confusion. The name of this artist is Frank spelled PHR-ANC. The name of the album is I enjoy being a girl and look at the picture. Wow. What is it? Neil thought you would, uh, yeah. Wow. What is it? Ladies and gentlemen, Frank. The audience gapes. What the hell is it? That's what it says here. It says what the hell is it? Isn't that what I just said? The name is spelled with a PH and a hard sea. I'm Frank. The kids howl. And this tiny daughter of BOLIDUS. What's BOLIDUS? Is that it? Like an illness of the coloners? For seeds to demolish them. She simply reaches out, grabs the crowd and sticks it in the pocket of her Levi's. Frank. Now, you can end the intro on this album of the liner is by Orson Bean. Wow. Now, you can actually play. I enjoy being a girl. Oh, you can. There you go. Boy, that's actually the scene. What's just strangest looking to do? Oh, look. We have pictures of Frank. The HRA and C. Wow. Now, there he is. Drinking glass of milk. No, he. Oh, yes. She is not a genius. One of the songs is Martin. I'm a girl and by me that's only great. I am proud that my son know it is Kurt. The H was a hard thing. I'm proud of the circus. With my hit the song's with a least. Oh, just we got another chronic here on a bat. Hello. Hello. Oh, we got Norm Kent on this and he's listening to the radio. Can you believe this? Hi. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Get with it, Norm. How are you doing? Great. My name's not Norman. Hello? Yes. Yes. This is not Norman. Everyone's calling the Norman. My name's not Norman. Well, why does it say Norm Kent on this thing? You're not saying you're saying. Listen, is your name Norman? I said no, is not Norman. He said your name is Norman, isn't it? I said, look, if it makes you happy, yeah, my name is Norman. I didn't want to argue. I turned out to argue, you know? What is your name? My name's Ken, how are you doing? Okay, Norm. Listen, I asked a question. Yeah. Are you going to watch inside stories tonight? Why, what's on it? There's a new topic, new subject. Something never, ever before discussed anywhere. Did Lee Harvey Oswell act alone? Yeah. I've never heard of that subject before. That ought to be pretty exciting. Yeah. Well, I swear you might be interested. I heard to my night they're going to ask to John Wilkes booth really do it. Who's that? Oh, yeah, that's nice. Sure. Surely he's older brother. Yeah. Well, Neil, like, hey, don't go in. Who is this? George. Why is, I'm just a dedicated listener with the hotline? He's not on the hotline. He's not on the hotline. That's not on the hotline. Seven. Why is everybody attacking this poor guy? They're a cute guy. They're actually like using a flying rotary baseball. Yeah. I just call to give you something from my mind. You don't play Root's shirt. Let me ask you a question. Do you play Rotisserie baseball? I don't even know what that is. Good. Okay. I broke in my book. But if it feels good, I'll try. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. What? Poor guy. The poor guy. Is this Frank? Like I said, one of the cuts is called Martina. I'm a sample. By Frank. I'm a girl in my knee that's only great. I am proud that I'm a silhouette just girl in your knee. That I walk with a sweet and girl like it. With my hips all swivelies working. I don't get it. I'm still not sure what this is. This cat makes Billy Tipped in. Look like you're ever drawn to the middle guy. I don't know if this is Frank with a pH. It says, We asked the soul searching question. Who is Frank? And what the hell is it? She responds with a parody of French movie style. Frank is just Frank. She has an image set that some consider butch letters. Fam. Yeah. But Frank is neither butch nor film. No roll. She's about his feminine and sharpness. No rolls are defined by Frank. Yeah. That's for sure. And the audience gasped. What the hell is it? And that was exactly reaction. So I guess I don't feel a lot of touch with reality. Exactly what I said. What the hell is it? This is fath on her feet. She sports the latest in combat. Well, she ought to go to work up and braward county for the BSO. She should be a big hit up there. Wow. Not straight but Frank. Yeah. Spelled STRAT. Maybe just a little spelling problem could be the story. One thirty four. Let's see. I need to see. And you'll do don't go. I need to see. And you'll do don't go. I need to. One thirty six and WI. I've been I had this in the machine all day. I've never got around to play it. And I'm not going to waste any more time because it's been a long time since it's just got a change. Whether we have kids or beds or neither. It's what was that. It's un-cured. It's not cute. It's in the middle. It's Monday. We go through this every Monday. Don't we? Every Monday. Seems to me like I haven't played that in ages and it's in the middle. It's un-cured. Yes. Well I guess that must be an omen for us. Okay. Well we were a pirate radio for about ten minutes here and so we got that warning. So I guess we'll have to govern ourselves accordingly. For a lot of day. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Good. Got a spy report on your buddy Ricky Tickey. Yeah. Striven and federal. The hour ago. And the nice guy pulled right in front of me. I thought I could get him back. Hold around him and pull him in front of him. Show me my bumper sticker. Dropdough like nothing. Went about twenty miles an hour down federal highway. He went and catch up to me. I don't know. He must be afraid or something. Yeah. Unbelievable. You work every time. It does. Just like a charm. Unbelievable. Okay. Thanks Neil. See you. Bye. One thirty seven a W.I.O.D. We'll look at that. We got the globe. Lucy's life after death. Medium reveal. She's contacted dead friends before he went back. I'm getting ready to come over for supper. Okay. Be sure and keep it warm for me. You sure keep in cold warm. I'll tell you that. Pat Boone faces fraud charges. No. No. Check this out. I'll be with you in a second. We got investigate. Wouldn't you think Pat Boone would be the perfect guy to be doing spots for a pimple cream? Kind of her head has zittin his life. Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can I open the button? Sure. No problem. Let's see. You still there? Yes sir. Okay. What is this? You got back on? Wait a minute. How about this one? Hello. You're back. I had to go down to Forten County Stadium. Pick up some tickets for the braze game for it. Oh yeah. You're probably at some long tickets. Okay. Hold on. Okay. We got three on the whole. All right. We're on home for the lighten round. Can I ask you a question? I got these on hold. I get. I don't understand it. It wasn't on. It was in limbo. Wasn't that great? I should have let it go. Should I? That would have been a lot of fun kind of like Warrior at the bottom of the sea. Miami. Hello. Me or are you doing great? Why are you doing? Okay. Sir. Sir. That is match yesterday. How are you doing now? You want to answer my question? I watched your Saturday morning. I know. I was pacing and he's going to have a lot of sleepless nights now. I didn't see her yesterday. She's she's she's looking but you're in but you're every. Yeah. Those female tennis players boy look out. Boy. Boy. Yeah. Yeah. The. I didn't see it. Well he's having a tough time. He's in the fifth. Right now. It's four to four. All right. Yeah. I don't see her. A little balance. Yeah. Yeah. Just to make you happy. Okay. Yeah. How you doing? One more time. I'm going to take the phone and just put in your ear and twist and turn until your brains fall out. Well, this is long as it's my ear. Okay. Well, I assume I assume your brains in your head but if not, what was that? I played rock and roll music earlier. Yeah. That's not the boss. I know somebody already called us. Said seven said it was a bogus for a but at least. What's up here? No. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying the Beatles version was much better. Oh man. This is black. Oh man. This is blasphemy isn't that. The person anybody that we talk about tennis. Okay. The Beatles version was better. I'm not going to argue music today. Okay. I'm not going to move to argue music. Whatever you say is right. Okay. I went by childhood on Thursday to get a squeeze of Neil before I knew it was like a month later. And I want BM to pay for my bill. Good. Okay. It's ended two minutes a meal. All right. Can I hold on for a while? Sure. No problem. We need to move on for a minute. Okay. Let's move on. Now, OK. Good. Now. I know, I'm going to go to Friday. Here's the synopsis of the soap. Skiding light. Chelsea, who was checking out Rogers pass learned that Roger was alive when he Santa Domingo police found a lot of off the bank of the river. After he fell off a bridge during a fight with Ed. Are ed come back? They can always. For a lot of day. Hello. I have to cut you. I haven't seen him for a while. what hemorrhage, Glenn, what do you take for years? What is this? Scott? Yes. What is this? It's about what? This Sharon Boy, she's something. Controversial tacos. It's about to host. That's what the guy was just asking about hemorrhage. Albany, a midcharges of antisemitism level against its controversial topial host, the local radio station, is fired Jim Bligh camp, despite his vigorous assertions that he was the victim of a scandalous slur. The radio host reportedly had vilified Jewish collars and repeatedly voiced anti-Israel convictions during a evening program, including an accusation that Israeli soldiers are committing genocide against Arabs. Very famous tacos, Jim Bligh camp in Albany, never heard of him. From W.G.Y. Well, first of all, W.G.Y. is not an Albany. W.G.Y. is in his connectivity, which is close, but not a massive big station. It's 50,000 watts. But there you go. A little bit of a hundred. Okay, 148 in W.Y.D. here's the part of the show that folks from Costa Coast tune into here through... I bet you hear it. Mike Lyons might be listening right now. Not nearly. Incredible. Shocking. And Phil Beckman. And John Cox. And Jeff Gunser. And Pete Boldier. And Dave Capri. Maybe even the Colonel. And what's his name, Brad Abrol? What's that? A pregnant pause. You could have fired a cannon. I didn't want to say. You could have fired boom boom cannon through that hole. Totally nice guy. Okay, here's Dave County. Hello. I sure wish they were there. Let's go to that Georgia call. Let's ought to be really great. Hello, near. You know what, Henry Barrow. And Junels and Evan Kamadouye. They're better. See, he didn't get it on fast enough. And it was all away from Georgia held on all that time and called back and everything. And he just taped. He choked in the clutch. He just said, I, that, and that was it. Broward. Hello. Let's go, man. Two for that one. Thank you. Broward County. Hello. How did I feel when Michael Keaton was off the roll with that man? I cried for better. Oh, it reminds me. He reminded me of the Mike Schmidt tape I hadn't seen that. You know, when he announced his retirement last week, have you seen that on the news where he just goes to pieces? Who? And what I was a kid might be too bad. Like, I would be a vaguely play. I don't know anything about that. Oh, man. It is so pathetic. It is just so pathetic. Here's this mucho Mike Schmidt, Mr. Super Macho Big League Gadooshbag. And he's like babbling like a baby. You know, I mean, you know, enough is enough. Isn't it? 18 years. He had a great career. He's made millions and millions and millions of dollars. Time to say goodbye gracefully. No, no, no, no. It's a battle. Oh, God. Talk about choking up. It's 10 till 2 at WIOD. Date County. Hello. As long as I have my life in the pizza. I tell us Mike, was it? I Schmidt Jr. Boca, hello. Angela Soto, get a life. Palm Beach. Why in Beach is dead over here. Tell us something we don't know, pal. Date County. He came. Doc. Ha ha. Date County. Hello. He needs the girl, Quaity. Ha ha. I think Dr. Jr. is going to have a lot of time to call in. I have a pie. You know, the original. Fine over here. He's going to be calling a lot of the old. He even a bat lines going again. Ha ha. Okay. That was from inside the building from Disney's office. Ha ha. Brower. Hello. I thought you'd like. Clare. Clare. Ha ha. Date County. Hello. Hello. Ready? Ready. I'm going to try to understand these today. They all sound like one or another very tiny. Clads bodies been everywhere. It's rubbing off on the public. Oh, please. Please. Harry King's breath makes me beautiful. Good. Was that Donald Trump a West from Palm Beach County? That's right. The bat line. The autopower. It is. Ha ha. What was that? Sorry. I have no clue. I'm no one. I hear the loud. Hello. I know. The autopower. I'm not. The autopower. Oh, right. You're friends. Oh, right. You know how they van horses. They break down one of those. They'll need every horse power to. They County. Dining. I think they can. We're at. How you're. It's so cute. Sounding. Yeah. I lost my crayons and I'd like to appeal. Broward, hello. Yeah, it's 75 degrees in a magic set. Good one. Steve Stancell, Jr. Senior. Senior. Broward, hello. Hey, hell, this is Gary Chamley. Ever again, sir. You'll never get their name on the Ur again, pal. No chance. And this is not the doughnut shop. Yeah, but it's a different one. Second, yeah. I don't know. Chop, it's a restaurant that didn't show up the other day that evidently somebody is trying to get their name on the Ur over and over again. Not going to do a bit of good. Never will hit the Ur again. Trust me. Good. Uh, date County, hello. I know you are, but what am I going to say? Broward, hello. This is Donald Trump. Steve Caine's brush stinks. Now, this battle, and it's the same guy I'm not going to answer the battle on again. Hello. The character will later this, too. He's a love with ambition. Dave County, hello. He's running this, he's just leaving me alone. He's leaving me alone. He's getting pissed, you know. And he has had a lot of money. He's having a lot of money, right? He's not falling. Not falling. Broward, hello. You know, I'm just mailman and Paul's left. Just wait, you'll find out, pal. Dave, hello. I'm not there for your not there for a wouldn't you like to die my memory. Palm Beach, hello. Don't blame the dog. It's the Larry King Show. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That was sensational, okay. Okay. Okay. Hello. Yeah, I know. No kill life, will you computer? The bat line. Dave County, hello. Broward, hello. Broward, hello. Broward, hello. Go, cubs, here come the mat. Oh, you know who that was. Palm Beach. Palm Beach. What's wrong with your history like crazy? There you go. All norm can't he'll tell you. Dave County, hello. I just want to be so optimized. Is that a little bit? Ha ha ha. Broward, hello. Quatteper is still dead. Well, we're beginning to worry. Dave County, hello. Palm Beach. Is that true? The bird is a bald eagle. Boca. Yeah, comedies coming back as Elvis. Broward, hello. Yeah. Dave County. Beat leaders are blasted. Boca. Boca. We're last year, I know. All we hit boca like hitting a brick wall. Palm Beach. I'm retiring from the lightning man. Ha ha ha. With two bad legs. Broward, hello. Yeah, Steve can't do fuck. Dave County, hello. The bat line. Talk to the radio. You know what's going on here? Dave County, hello. Place the cover we've done to acting. Was that Mike? Let's play the jingle and see who was him. Dave County, hello. The next sock. Dave County, hello. Do you see your citizens get a discount? Palm Beach. Hey Larry, how's the sound? Boca. Dave, it's something five degrees in the bay. You're silly. That sounded like boom boom junior, didn't it? Boy, I think that guy's got a career. Broward, hello. Not ball bearings, Neil. They're absolutely like babies. Dave County, hello. Doctor, I found I can't get it out. Dave County, hello. Third, you're a dweep. Well, it'd be something if we got the dork lady and the dweep lady back to back. Broward, hello. Hello? Yes. All right, yeah, can I get in the writing round? Palm Beach. That's the right favor. Neil, this is Elper Duck to I'm dying to share my sweet. Boca. Next breath makes me pu. That's his buddy in Boca. Dave County, hello. Bayombe's my opportunity. Yeah. Broward, hello. Bayon, college is clear. Boca, hello. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Those Boca, or they were sharp as a tack up there, aren't they? Sharp is a muts of ball in heat. Palm Beach. Nobody ever accused me of being the flaming head. Dave County, hello. Go, gang. Dave County, hello. No, somebody sees Barry, it's been six days. Broward, hello. Boca. Hey, I like the holding for the lightning round. Broward. Hey, Kevin, you're a pondered through Spag. Dave County, hello. Quarant farting. Boca, hello. Yeah, can I hear that freight cut again? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, someday somewhere, but not here. Dave County, hello. Ooh. Ooh. Ha. Ha. Ha. That was Boomboom. Shaw. Broward, hello. Hello. You're struggling. You're struggling. Where is she, by the way, we haven't heard from the storm by the 80 and ages. What a shame. Dave County, hello. Hey, Boca, what a jumper Boons. Boca. What are you in Kevin Kitchen, seven common? Dave County, hello. Adiant of a, who is? Broward. Broward. Broward. Ha. Yeah. Dave County, hello. Kay, mama. Wow. Yeah, right to the point. Dave County, hello. President Bush's left for Asia Pacific Tour. Boca, hello. Yeah, rap-bath, dad. Good one. Dave, hello. Wouldn't you like to be a pepper too? Dave, County, hello. But why is it been since the clock that the world tour 89? Broward, hello. I don't know what you're there. Broward. This is Claude Barry, may please. Boca. All the cross to nose. And last, but of course not least, we did Boca. How about Dave County, hello? The boy, Broward and Monti trainers, you what up each of them. Well, it's been a pretty enlightening Monday. I'll take you that. I learned something. I did, yeah. Never again. I was pretty good. I must confess. We're going to do high marks for a Monday. This is something you're shocking must have happened over the weekend. Anyway, we got Hurricane's baseball after sports talk at 810. And I've came in Texas. Big, big game. Alex Fernandez is going to pitch for Miami in a college world series from Omaha. With Sunny and Joe and Shear.