I thought it was perfect. By the way, I just want to make a comment for our friends next door channel 7. I know it's a long walk. They are. I got a be honest when they invented the word douche-kun. They must have been looking at somebody who works next door. Not Sally, all she screams along. Wow, he's a little song I wrote. You might want to sing it. No, it's for no one wearing. Yeah, that kind of fits in with everything because Hamburg is going to channel 6. We are just tickled about that. Yeah. Please, this punch is you word would have said. Well, he was coming in a little later while we'd loop lyrics. So, I'm just kidding. What is it? Hey, listen, a lot of these people are making a comeback now. President Grant's going to be on the show on René Show with Henry drinking on Monday morning. It ought to be great. And it's been drinking. Yeah, we're poor. Yeah, they're going to have a little chugging contest on the year. Great. But anyway, Hamburg's going to channel 6 very soon. I have a feeling they're going to let him go. No, they're not going to let him go. Not going to let that out to re-grow. Not be on the game. Also, some other information that obviously was blown away out of proportion, I'm just going to tell you what up front. And I'm sure I'll have to say it later on. And stand, we'll tell you the same thing. We can't discuss it. Okay. In any way, shape or form. And there's nothing more for us to say. Because we can't discuss it. Period. That's right. Period. No exceptions, no ifs, buts, or ends. So rather than have a lot of you waste your time, that's where we are. So anyway, life goes on. And a pomp and a park is, I last night I was up there practicing plunging my guts out for the big night tonight. If that rich and I both were up there practicing with an excellent practice round, plunging our guts out. And the night is the big night, readers crowned night at pomp and a park. And I saw Stan Burgstein up there wandering around kind of like a lost step trial. I last night, I want to go up and say hi and introduce myself. But I know I just don't like doing that. You know like, you know what I mean? You do that. You walk up to somebody that you like to meet depends. Well, I know when you're self-reranded. Yeah. Come back to Stan Shire. I know. Now that'll be timely too because Hamburg is going over to Channel 6. I hope that I hope Dick a little boy is listening. Okay. I hope that everybody who enjoyed Hamburg on four will watch him on six. I will. And then like twice that many more. I hope they stick it to four is so good. Because they just don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're doing. In fact, see how that ties up. Remember that you're great. I had pain. Oh, I know I forgot. Yeah. When Susan was doing the Kuzowski and studying around like a cradle there. Oh, man. That was embarrassing. So those of you can pick up Channel 6. It'll be great. Hamburg's going to be on there and that'll be in about a month. And I wish him the very best. He's a great guy, super guy in an excellent anchor. And of course not an anchor like him. When your as big as Anna is, maybe you could anchor the Queen Mary. But that's another story. Is that what they call him anchors? Oh, brother. They can tie her to the entire naval fleet and just to never budget it. Now she's the team. The new Florida television. The team. The team is. Well, deemous. Deemous. I'm not going to touch that. No, nine. Edward, you I O.J. is a great Friday. We got PAS today. We want to thank publics of course every Monday and Friday brings her in her food. And since he was out of town today, I'm doing a show from Disney World. We've got it all here. And also the people from we're not really sure where those people from Max's place. I don't. You have to ask Mr. Barrow that Henry had in here. Boy, Henry had quite a session in this studio. Maddie. He was up I've never seen. Even when we're in here, we never messed it up like this. But it's okay, Henry. Somebody will come in and eat it. Yeah. Back to Rich's neighborhood and wants to eat his sorrows away. I don't want to undo the influence him. But man, there's a lot of food. And sheels is coming later with our food. I can't wait for that child or I'm such a great move for Pam Chowder. Anyway, I got the program for tonight for Pomp and O for the Abriders Crown. Is my favorite. Jackie. Jackie. Or driver. Is he driving tonight? Who's that? Who's he? No, he's not driving tonight. I can't say it. I have to. I watched that race on the replay last night and he won just like a champion and Jeff Gregory was second. Uh-huh. In fact, that's the only thing I had last night in the first race, Gregory came second from way behind. Couldn't get out. Finally got out in the finish. Second I had a nice perfect. I had a few bucks. But it didn't last too long. Anyway, I wonder in this program if they have the charts. I guess not. They should be in here somewhere the charts from all they must have they made this up early. They made it up early and the great part about tonight's program at Pomp and O for Brieger's Crown. In every one of the Brieger's Crown races, they have a page next to it where they have a rundown on each horse and the race with some comments and some little tips there. So anyway, we're looking forward to that bill. Cautor and I will be up there plunging our brains out tonight. Rumor has it that we're going to be sitting at the table with Mr. Marino and his wife. My Spodadian crest. I mean, this is the dolphin station you better be. Oh boy, I'm in fret. That's in quote number 13. Is not a radio station? Lucky number 13 used to be. Well, I can still there. I'm lucky for it. I can't hear it. Anyway, nobody else can either. If I'll bet it's after 10 at WIO.