Okay. So, it all run to those phones. Look at the phone. Oh wait a minute one just lit up. Now there's a lot more exciting when it was blank. But, uh, I may take a little while to get all of this off my chest okay, but you finally reach a point where you've taken enough crab and you say hey this is going to stop. Now I don't know how many people heard the incipit garbage that was on this radio station yesterday afternoon and I'm being very kind when I use the word garbage. Um, it's always shocks me how many different ways I will say this, the various host in this market. See I mean if I'm going to sit here and rip alas or somebody on another station. That's great. That's fun. We have a lot of good fun doing it. We don't like the whole show out of it. In fact, we really do it for more than a few minutes at a time. And, um, we never invite the audience to participate all the once in a while. You know, some of our spies will participate or there'll be a huge shot here and there, but we don't. We don't orchestrate and entire would you shut that stupid thing off? Come on. You can't say that. Oh, he said shut it off. It all. That's what he was saying. I thought he said something terrible. Because that word would have applied very well to what I heard yesterday for four hours. Um, and you know, everybody's been getting along real well and I thought everybody had their place in life under control. You know, we all do our own thing. And I think I've said several times at one of the joys being on this station is that it's not like you're holding up the whole operation. Like we were at certain other places. It's like everybody's got their own very large audience. My Scott is own unique wild, huge audience in the morning. And we certainly got that going here in a midday. There's no question about that. They amount of mail at Rich the honey of that he got from that mail should indicate something. And Steve has got a big audience in half noon and sports talk Scott. It's so thing. Yeah, there's a certain amount of crossover. But I got to be honest with you. I don't think it's all that great. Really? I really don't. No, I really don't. Which is fine. I mean, if it was a struggling station, if I can use that word, then it's a different story. But it's not a station. That's only going to get better and better and have a big audience. Assuming, of course, that each individual can put his or her ego in its proper perspective. Oh. And be a part of a whole team as opposed to something else. He goes by start to say that it's amazing to me over the years. How many different ways people can twist and manipulate so as to orchestrate the audience into an entire program of Neil Rogers' Banking. Now, one thing I'll say about Stan. And I spoke to Stan this morning by the way. And he and I are very good friends and I'll always will be. But yeah, we've had our moments. And the Stan is okay. And hopefully he'll be back on a year like he should be someday soon somewhere. But I remember the one show that he did over at Wins when we were on his Aida. But at least, at least one thing he was honest about it. He went on a year and he said, we're going to bash Neil for four hours today. Which I never have forgiven him for was a tasteless, wrote test thing. And it was, he's intentions. I don't think we're for the way it turned out. But naturally, once you open up the door for that, it becomes self-evident. What's going to happen? And it's no, it takes no talent to do that. I mean, that takes no style or fler or talent whatsoever. It's to preside over an entire program where the purpose is just to invite the audience to bash, a particular individual, whether it's another tacos on your own station or whatever it might be. I just can't envision, I can't imagine going on the air and saying, okay, let's simply follow today for four hours. Okay? Never done it. Never done it. Never invite anybody to call in and rip other talk show host. I said some of them do. And usually when I do it, not always, but usually, like with leaf, for example, I don't have any hard feelings with leaf follies. He's a pretty good guy. And he's going to use to call us. We have some good fun on here. And I harbor no ill feelings toward him on where the other. I mean, he did destroy or helped destroy W snooze, but that's, it wasn't done out of malice. It was done out of incompetence. Okay, and there's a big difference. Seriously. Now, see, there you go again with that cackling man. They ripped you an ass yesterday. And I'm telling you, if you would have heard any of it, you would be apoplectic. I'm so glad I was busy. Yes. Now, the one thing that we've done consistently since I came here, somebody calls in wants to rip Mike, wants to rip Steve. I tell him very quickly, Goodbye. Call them. If you got a problem, okay? We're not going to play that game. And I don't sit and listen to ten minutes of it. And then turn around and say, wow, gee, you got it all wrong. And it's really unfair. You know, because that reminds me of what Shirley Spellerberg used to do when I was at K. T. Many, many moons ago when I first came to the market. And she would let somebody just rip me. And I mean, just a student assault, a personal assault, and every kind of slander is crap in the world. And then after they've been on for five ten minutes rambling and hating and spuing, she said, oh, let's not talk about him. Let's talk about something intelligent. But of course, not she let them get out. You know, when they totally ran out of steam, had no more venom to spew. At that point, she would say, oh, well, we didn't really want to do that. But she made a point of letting it all go on the air. And what I heard yesterday, which allegedly was a discussion of this movie talk radio. It's kind of difficult. I've a discussion of a movie talk radio because nobody's seen it. It is now yet. There's been private screenings with some of the people in the media including Steve of scene it. I haven't seen it. No. But how can anybody discuss it? Or the character in it when they haven't seen it? I mean, I discussed Rainman after I saw it and it just come out of short time and it took, you notice it took a while. Sure. There's not too many people had seen it yet, but at least it was in the theaters, which is a good start. What followed thereafter was nearly four hours of bashing new Rogers and Glenn Hill. Now, one of the things I kept hearing is that this program has no substance. Now, these are all these great pseudo-intellectuals out there who are so bright. And we love those topics and that show is just garbage. Which of course, if that's the case, then they don't need to be listening to it because we're not changing. We're not changing. And I love the way Steve likes to engage some of his colors and is, oh yeah, Neil was the greatest when used to do those topics. Now, which wants it a while, he'll go back and do that. It's not going to happen, okay? It just isn't going to happen. And some of you who are too immature to understand, this is a different show. There are no heavy topics in a micro-inery show, okay? And if you told Mike, well, I think tomorrow you ought to come on and discuss brain surgery, he'd laugh at you, okay? Because he's not going to do it. He's very successful doing what he does. Nobody complains about that. Amazing. And we're very successful doing what we do here. And I hate to break the news to you, but when the bird first came on the show back in a spring two years ago, all we had in the daytime was a nine year on WI and Z. It's all we had. And four or five is a good number, okay? A nine is on a herd of on AM radio. It's on a herd of on FM radio to be honest. We'd expect maybe for a life. Mm-hmm. And then in the morning on Zeta that year when a lot of these old farts weren't listening, all we did was beat every morning show in the market. And the last book that we were there, every one of them, okay? Including some people have been on the year for many, many years. 13. Yeah. 25 to 54. We beat him the last trend. We were at number 18 to 34. I mean, for a talk show, I'd regardless of what band it's on. I had those demographics. We had this huge audience. And I'd like to have to go through and repeat all of this because I'd like to do a lot of self-serving stuff. I really don't. And I find it terminally boring to hear people one after another. These butt-lickers calling it, ah, this ingratiating thing. I've talked you about this for years where the, with the callers feel they have to ingratiate themselves with a host. It's disgusting. But evidently, there's a lot of substance to it. No, evidently, because that's what I heard for four hours yesterday. And all these people are so disruddled that there's no substance on this program. And you're cackling in my, whatever it is we do here. Boy, they sure got a lot of substance yesterday. It was that juvenile witch-ner-type stuff. I used to hear it over there all the time. I'd be driving home at midnight when I worked at snooze at night. I dare how come you're so nice and he's so mean. I mean, for these people who are going through their second child, and most of them were pretty old too, by the way. Most of the callers, there was one 20-year-old pinhead who was singing the virtues of the Alan Berkshire and how was so much more interesting than this one. Well, because Alan used to have topics. Oh, my God. See, a lot of this I-O-D audience, and I've been saying this for many weeks, and I try not to say it too often, because naturally, if somebody enjoys the show, it's fine. We don't care where they come from. Oh, yeah, we got that idiot calling it again. I can dish it out, but I can't take it. Let me say it again. I can take all the ripping into your abuse, but people are other stations, which means, doesn't mean I'm not going to give it back, because if it is worthy of it, I will. But not on this station. Not on this station. And not to let people go on for five and ten minutes and put some of them on a hold and carry them over and ripping and tearing and telling us what we ought to be doing, and what we should be doing. That's not a talk show. That's not substance. It's not a talk show. It's not anything, but it's swirl. Okay? And as I've said before, and this includes sigh, her, the insurance guy out there called in a guinea yesterday, which prompted me to call it about 25. If you don't like to show, don't listen. And I just had a guy before I came on a year who knows sigh very well, and tells me he listens every day. Of course, they all do. And yet this man is so filled and he started out with this particular call, which is what really got me. That's when I had to call on the bat line. And he started out about how, well, no question. The two shows are different Steve Neal as one thing you do. And he didn't want, like, like he was an objective caller. Then he started ripping into you about a cackling idiot, and that kind of crap. And then by the end of the call, he had worked his usual venom and hysteria, he motioned up to the point. He was just mouth-breathing with his hate. But the man can't stop listening. He's been calling in with hate calls for out in a how many years. And this applies to anybody else out there. If you don't like to show, we don't need you. Go away. It's only show in this community. I'm sure maybe in America where people are invited to go away. Because I don't want to punish you. I don't want to hurt you. If you are harmed by the show, if you're wounded by the show, if you're insulted by the show, if you don't understand it, if you disappointed, if you feel there isn't any substance that we ought to be talking about, some real original things like capital punishment and have a few rabbis on. Forget it, because it isn't going to happen. But don't waste your time. And the good airtime. Calling to ingratiate yourself with another host so that you can rip this show for five or ten minutes. And rip Glenn for five or ten minutes. If you don't like him, tough luck. He's not going anywhere. He's there to be here. Okay? And he has a lot more than just laugh, but you only hear some of you. What you want to hear. That's correct. You only hear what you want to hear. And you're all experts. What time are your shows on? Okay? All you experts out there? When the hell is your show on? When you get your such experts out there on programming and radio. When you get your show, you can have any sidekick exactly. Exactly. Anybody have a dean, the outer space queen on. Whatever you want, okay? And I hear a lot of these mouth-breathing goofballs out there. All I got to do is hear a voice on a radio, right away that got one hand in their crunch and the other with a finger somewhere. I mean, some of you people are pathetic. It's just a radio show. That's all. Just a radio show. And like I've always said about the chronic regulars where they got no life. They got a real problem. A real problem. I've never encountered any chronic regular over the years that I've been on the year. And that's almost 30. Who didn't have serious problems. Because to those people, it's not just a radio show. It's their life, right? And I got news for you, baby. It's a job to me. And when I walk out of here at 2 o'clock by a minute after, I do remember a goddamn thing that happened in a previous four hours. It is, I've had all. Since I pushed the door. That's like closing the door on the program. It's a radio show. And the other ones of you out there who think you're set like this miserable bag that called and who was allowed to go on a great life. Well, she works with people and she knows human nature and all that and he'll be so hateful and he's so full of hate. Yeah, that's why we raised 35 to 40,000 dollars for the Camille House, okay? Or they didn't talk about that. Because I'm gale, somehow left that out. Are you serious? And the overwhelming majority of that money by the way came from the morons who listened to this radio show, okay? I know that nobody with a brain could ever listen to this show. Nobody with any humanity could ever listen to this show. But it must come as a great shock to you that the overwhelming majority of those dollars came from the listeners of this program. It's 20 minutes past 10 at WI-D. I got a lot more to say, but we got to do a break. You know, life goes on. Life is not just monologues alone as Bob Lanceter would say. Now we got the time straightened out here. It's going to be noon to three a week from the Saturday, the 14th of January that Stephen are going to be a Toyota of Hollywood. Now, more with Neil Rogers, a new stock radio 610, WI-O-D. We are here in Hones Dead to show you that miraculous new product, Polyderma. We picked the oldest lady we could find and apply just a little dab of Polyderma on her. Rubbed it in real good and just look at the amazing results. Oh my, I look and feel like I'm 20 again. But wait, let's put grandma through 50 consecutive washes. No, wait, no, oh seven, oh my. Our later it will dry her up and she still is young looking as ever. Woo! And just look at that shine. Polyderma is made from an exclusive formula. XL-60-plus that combines the facial molecules and leaves you with young looking skin again and gives a hard coating that lasts and lasts for weeks. Polyderma. Cushion, too much Polyderma applied it one time, can create undesirable results. Cool, great, how about her? Polyderma. What was that? Well, we had to chop the end off because it talked about the station this was originally on years and years ago. Those are friend Caprita. Please, to be the way that it just died. Well, it talked about Glob-Sony-Four and we didn't want to leave that on there. But why didn't, why not eliminate it starting at Polyderma before that word? Oh. As opposed to like in the middle of Polydep. What is it? Quite like that. Sorry. Oh boy. Well, I started screaming these ahead of time. Although we do appreciate getting them on cart because we don't have any place to double our materials. So we got stuff always in the hopper that will hear someday if we live long enough. But yeah, we need everything on cart. Yeah, so when you send us materials, we go steal some carts from some radio station to make sure we get them on cart. By the way, the number one prime time TV show last week, according to AC Nealson, the Karen Carpenterster. That's a pretty darn. I don't even have no substance on this program, but it seems to me we discussed that. He played some carpenter music at life one day that day after it was on. And it seems to me that if somebody objectively listened to the show, even though we don't do topical radio, far from it, and we don't claim to that actually even by accident, we get into a lot more topics than some of the shows where they claim to be very heavily topical oriented. Where every time they have open phones, basically it turns out to be a breast beating, how wonderful I am, or let's rip Neal for four hours. What is your favorite Steve Kane show, by the way? It's 1027 at WI O Day. No, I just, I got to be honest with you, I felt I knew that the day was coming sooner or later. And it just happened, it just happened yesterday and I've restrained myself long enough and I keep hearing it. You know, I hear it in bits and pieces. And even yesterday, somebody called, in fact, I think it was the first call yesterday right out of the box and they started wanting to rip Steve, I said knock it off. Okay, I don't want to hear it. And I don't, right? I don't want to hear it. It sucks. And as far as dishing it out, you're a damn right boy. Anybody else in a market who does not work on his station, I'll be delighted to rip most of them. And deserve it. Okay, there are a lot of amateur hour people on here in this market. It's a bush late town with a lot of bush league listeners too, and especially bush league colors. And listening to some of those voices, then hearing sigh, I mean, that was that was just the crowning blow to me and that was just the, the straw that broke the moose cows back. It's incredible. So most of these were old, most of more old, yeah. Who are forced to listen to a frozen dials up in years. I would say 45 plus crown, I'm not saying 45 is old because I'm 46, but I mean most of them were well up there. And that's another thing that they seem to be having a little culture shock and going through and I don't give a damn what anybody here says, the name of the game. In this business is 25 to 54. That's the demographic that people want. You have people younger than that. That's fun. And if you have some older, that's okay too. But nobody buys those people. Okay. We don't have any pollinant commercials on his radio station and we are going to have any. Okay. We don't even have effort then. And so I know it's a little painful and like when I tell Nick, I don't want to keep hearing these old voices. And I don't want to hear them. I really don't. And I hear too much of that on this radio station and that's one of the things that they brought us over here for was to bring some living and breathing people back to AM radio under the age of 100. And it's got to happen. Because you're never going to maximize your potential. This is a business. I hate to break that news to you. It's a business. You're never going to maximize your potential when you're dealing with people 100 years plus it just ain't going to happen. It's not the audience that anybody wants. I mean anybody. And also notice, you know, there's always the audience is always got to do this, putting the one against the other. I mentioned that when I called Steve on the area yesterday. They just love to do that, especially in this market because they're like little children. And they have to create this hostility and then sit out there and take the joy. And I'm like, it's the fighting. But this is what they really love. And I noticed that when a lot of the cars would call it in immediately, graciate themselves with a host. But then they would have more time to be allowed to say. But the other one, you know, he's so terrible. He rips the old people and it's disgusting. One guy even called in and made this comment about when I do the disclaimer about being an old fart. It doesn't necessarily mean ages. That's like calling somebody a nigger, but saying that some of them are like white people or something like that. What? Yeah. And it was allowed to go. And the response was, well, I don't really rag on old people that much. Steve's guest by the way today will be Jamie Swartz, the nine year old, being kicked out of viewpoint condos who was on the today part of this morning. Two about nail-wide. The old parts and the prunes. I keep hearing that word coming up and he afternoon prunes a lot. And that thing we got in there prunes a lot or that boobs a lot. But anyway, that's the subject. And it's amazing to me, but it seems to me when I hear that shows and I commend it. Steve yesterday, I'll do it again. I think he's doing a great job on it. It's subject, it's picked up national exposure. It is a disgusting thing. And that's the syndrome we talk about. So it's got nothing to do with who's nice to do old people or who's stereotypes. It's got to do with the reality of life here in South Florida. And when somebody is doing a series of shows on a very subject, but then would like to suggest that it's only Neil who rags on the old people, then there's got to be something very wrong somewhere. Okay, somebody isn't listening to the sound of his own voice. All right? So I think, you know, it's easy to be lazy. I'm going to be honest, people think, well, you know, these guys come in here. They do no preparation. They don't have to read the papers. They don't bring up topics. You know, we had a guest yesterday and we probably won't have another one for six to nine months. You know, Tom's always a fun guest, but we don't have guests, basically. But it's not easy to come in every day and try to do different things and try to get people, you know, in a good mood, get him laughing, especially in this town, where everybody enjoys being miserable to begin with. And that's one of the reasons they resent your laugh. There is because they can't stand hearing somebody having a good time. Absolutely. Too bad. Yeah. Tough cookies, okay? Like I said, if you don't like it, goodbye. Right now, reach over to the radio, find something else, put your hands somewhere else, okay? Find something else to occupy your time. But don't assume that because you're going to call up Steve, we're going to do this, you're going to do that. We're going to change the show. It isn't going to happen. And we're not going to have a lot of serious guests on the program or guest period. We don't do that anymore, all right? I did that for years. And I finally felt embarrassment. I look back at my guest calendar and I realize I kept having the same damn people on over and over again. And one of the reasons that happens, this isn't New York or Los Angeles. This is, this is a bush leg, it's a big hick town. Who the hell you're going to put on here in this town? There's nobody here. And that's why you want appearing the same ponderous people over and over and over and over and over to the point where you could just puke when you hear their name. Because it's bearing. And the first sin in being on the year is bearing the audience. Okay? 1033 at WIOD. And I want to tell you about the Armadillo Cafe. Now trust me, you don't have to trust me. Stop by there yourself and you'll agree with me. That this is one of the finest, right? Now we don't want to be bitter, Roger. 1038 at WIOD. And, you know, the people, and I guess people follow the lead of the host. Okay? Because I did hear several of these people yesterday who are playing their little amateur psychology. Oh, and that bothers me. Okay? Because it's this arrogant, condescending kind of view of life like, well, I'm so an expert in life and I have all the answers and all the other crap. And like I've told you people before, you don't know a goddamn thing about any of the people you hear on radio or television. You don't know them. And just like I keep using the example of Sandy Peyton who came across his little miss sweet other radio. He said, you're cookies, my go-shed, you're cookies, and all that. Incipid, syrupy crap. And was according to most of the people who worked with her in this building. One of the biggest pain in the butts who ever came down the pike in his business. So it goes to show you that what you hear is not what you get. Okay? It's a radio show. It's an act. It's a stick. And I hear these people going on. And I know yes, he's filled with hate and I've studied human psychology, but the body. Oh, be to be, you don't know crap. Okay? You don't know from nothing. So, as I said, if you're disgruntled if you're unhappy, don't waste your time with his show. Okay? Go to your favorite show, stick with it, find something else to do the rest of the day. And we'll all live happily ever after, okay? But don't give me this song in advance about how we have to be like Steve or we have to be. Because it's not going to happen. It's never going to happen. In a million years, it isn't going to happen. Okay? And it wouldn't be good for the station for it to happen because we don't want saying this all day. And for you, if you're excited about hearing the topics that have been done eight million times, more power to you. Okay? That's not my cup of tea. I'm not into it anymore. I'm not only not into doing it on the air. I'm not into even listening to it. Because I've heard it all. There's nothing more to be said about abortion. There's nothing more to be said about capital punishment. There's nothing more to be said about all the other list of tried and true topics. Did it been on why do you think on the TV talk shows now that come up with something more bizarre every day? Because they're burned out, man. They got nothing left. Donnie, you mud wrestling in the middle of a ring with some wild women mud wrestlers? Who ever thought they'd come to the day they'd see that? But hey, if like he said, if that's what it takes, that's what he'll do. Because all the other stuff's been done eight billion times. So if you enjoy the humor on his show, if you have a good time, you enjoy the entertainment, and they're just a ton of people out there who do. Great! And if you don't, go away. I wish you a happy life. I wish you no ill will, okay? Just go away. We don't need you. Because for every one of you, there'll be five or ten other people who will discover it, probably by accident, or by word of mouth, and they'll replace you. And we'll all live happily ever after, but see, that's a problem in his town, because happy is not a word that's supposed to be there. Not happily ever after, miserably ever after. And don't give me this crap about how I generalize or how I stereotype, because the fact is that all too many of the old people of this community behave like barbarians. They behave in a way that is totally socially unacceptable, okay? They're driving, they're behavior and restaurants, they're rudeness. The way they conduct themselves on these shows, I honestly thought that WGBS had made it come back yesterday. I really did. Because it sounded like that same old mouth content crowd again, who didn't have anywhere else to go, and suddenly found that one share of the audience when they were on the year, doing talk. Yeah. When Jefferson pilot just aborted that radio station. Here's a station that had a 50,000 watt daytime signal, a best signal anywhere, a radio station in the entire state, and they were doing once. Once. Can't it remind me of the 100,000 watt FM that does the same thing? Well, that's another story, it sure is. But I'm talking about a station with a signal that could be heard over all the whole... Two thirds of the state, and they were doing once. And that was Mr. Collins and Mr. Fowler. In their infinite wisdom, pretty sad commentary when you got that kind of a facility, and you can't do anything with it, and you got to go and buy a successful already established station in order to have a winner. And of course, we see what's happened to that place. During their reign, okay? But the rampant jealousy that exists in this community, in this business, that's what really gets to me. It's pathetic, it's embarrassing. And I've said this many times before, and I'll say it again. I don't care what anybody else makes. It doesn't affect me in any way. You know, like I told you, Mark Downey made $22 million last year. That's not an inflated figure, that's accurate. More power to him. If he made 52 million, I don't be grudge, or a dime of it. Larry King has made a fortune since he gave it in the good con job over their mutual, okay? He's probably making it over a million bucks a year, and with all of my negative feelings, and I got a lot of them about Larry and the things that he's done to people. In spite of all of that, I don't be grudge or madame of it. I hope he makes $10 million, because I, you know, people deserve it. Management jerks you're right enough in this business, you get a chance to make it, go for it. But I hope I got the message across, and I hope I don't have to do it again. And on those days when people haven't got a show, and in the day getting into your hands, what is, whether it was Stan on that infamous day, and if I used to make the comment, I wondered if he could remember and get through an entire show without mentioning my name at a could never hand out. It never happened, couldn't do it. Just they couldn't do it. It's like a bunch of old hands, a bunch of old fish wives. Ah, that nail on the bearing, a cat on, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, what the hell kind of a show, is that substance? Is that stimulating? Is that entertaining? Is that interesting? Again, if it happened in an isolated case, oh, I guess it could be funny, it could be a lot of things, happen for a couple of minutes, but to make an entire program of it over and over again? Hmm. And then I heard the comment also made yesterday, and I guess it was in a tongue-in-cheek way, for some caller about one of my listeners who came over and now listens to Steve. And a comment was, well, in spite of all the terrible things that Neil used to say about me, and I'm sure we said tongue-in-cheek in humor. But the amazing part of it is there were a lot of things said about me before I came here on that show, that we're not said in humor at all. I can recall the show with Mr. X and Bob Cunst one day that I heard in the car, and I just, I was in shock. I'm not talking just about a professional criticism or the guy's show sucks or whatever, I'm talking about the lowest, the basis, the most grotesque personal attack that I've ever heard. And see, I believe in this business, you have to know where to draw the line, and you can have fun with things, and you can joke about things, and if there are people who think like Alison can't take it, that's their problem. That is their problem. But when you really start getting down dirty and personal and nasty, and when you don't even know what to tell your talking about, is those individuals didn't, then it's a horse of another color, okay? But when I came here, I forgot all of that, or I attempted to. And I still intend to do my best to continue under those circumstances. But that doesn't mean I'm going to sit still for four hours in Neil Rogers' bashing, anytime somebody don't have a show, or something else useful to talk about. Because I thought that that audience was also, area-died, also educated, also intellectual, that they didn't have to stoop to that, okay, that they could discuss all of these important things going on in the world. For example, the episode that took place with the Libbyans the other day. I mean, you know, people are, some people are wondering if we're going to have World War 3 because of that, it would seem to mean maybe that would be something that would be discussed on a topical, intellectual show, as opposed to, how that bird, he's like he's discussing, he's revolting, and I used to love the listening to the, but I just can't anymore, and what does he do? What does he do? One after another after another, odd nausea. The disgusting revolting, road test. And if I sound a little pissed this morning, I am, well, I am foaming it to mouth. Because I'm getting tired of it. This show is not a subject of conversation on any other show on this radio station. They want to talk about us in the other stations. That's great. We can make sure they give the frequency and the time that we're on, they've all got to ask me, the tendency to do anything the way they play on the radio that a little while. Some people might not know to get there or move à Saleh. Still they remain following the radio station. Sometimes you can't see a few people be there. The moment when they see... The preทำist. A lot on devam... You know what planned to, Good. I'm going to get this all out of my system of the anyway because I'm just in a, certainly, squirrely mood about that stuff. You know, and I think we've been very, you know, again, I want to pat myself. And the fact that I think basically we've tried very hard to promote the other shows on the station. There's in the day that goes by that we don't give many, many promos for Stephen what the guests are. And yeah, we'll have a little fun with it from time to time, but not an eventemist way. I hope it gets a 6 or 7 in the next book. I hope Mike gets an 8. And I hope we get a 9. Absolutely. OK. I'll sports talk. It's a 20. What do we hear? That's great. That's what it's all about. But this very clever manipulation goes on to orchestrate. So I mean, if you don't want to hear it, all you got to do is say, hey, we're not going to talk about it. That's all. That's what I do. People call in want to rip Mike. You don't like Mike. Showed Don't listen to it. He don't need you. He's got more listeners than anybody in the market in the morning. He's got more than he can handle. OK? He doesn't need you. Same with the show. Here that kind of behavior yesterday with that audience, man. And just bunch of, but kissing, but sucking, but licking douchebags that are just want to ingratiate themselves for the great opportunity of just ripping and shredding and tearing. And again, jealousy. OK? And I got news for hate to break the news for this show is going to be real successful on this station. Just like it was on wins. And just like it was on Zaden. Just like it was on WNWS. Mm-hm. Real successful. Even without some of those who I'm sure turned the radio off 15, 20 minutes ago, didn't I? No. They didn't see that's what discovery came on. Every one of them is listening. That's what I'm so, they last night. Go away. Massica. Folks, there's another talk show on it. This time that does talk. Exactly. Every day. The sweetest, most wonderful lady just asked Roger, he'll tell you, he is the sweetest lady in the history mankind that's standing. Wow. And you give it a try. Exactly. Check it out. You're going to love that stimulating man. Now there's some substance something you can think your teeth into. Okay, even if they're in a glass. It's 790. Okay. That is correct. 790 on the AM dial. WOLD. All right. Check it out. Believe me. Try it. I love it. Ha. Ha. Ha. And if you have trouble sleeping, man, you want to quick nap in a little bit of a time. There's nothing better anywhere. Absolutely. Oh, we're not going to take another break this, all right? Oh, fantastic. Because I'm really full of it today. I mean full of it. I'm usually full of it, but more so to day than ever. Because it gets pretty stinking ponderous. You know what I'm saying? That every time you turn on the radio, people are orchestrating like, like, and I didn't hear it, but you told me about that show with Ernie and then Johnny dark gave me one of Ernie and we had all this. So what the bottom line is, Neil Rogers is not a topic for a talk show. More than Ernie Sochin is a topic for a talk show. Maybe concentration camps are a topic. See that's the difference. I mean, to have a little fun with somebody as a throwaway or for a couple of minutes, that's one thing. To be like the band leader and to be whipping and flage lading the audience in on a one hand saying, oh, don't do it. Don't do it. But let him go on for ten minutes and ripping and slashing and tearing. That's just crap. What it is, unadulterated pure crap. So let me again, and I thought we had already said a lot of this. Let me say it again. We're not going to be doing heavy topics. We're not going to change the show. For Steve, his listeners or anybody else, it's going to be just what it has been for the last two years. With usually a much lower stress level. I don't know what I'm saying because my head's about ready to blow off, but with a lower stress level and like livable, you know? And people want to have a good time and enjoy some of the stuff we play and stuff we talk about. We're not going to be discussing brain surgery. We're not going to solve the problems of the world. On occasion, we'll do something worthwhile like raising all of that money for a Camilla sounds or anything else worthwhile that comes along. We'll do our best. And that's it. This program is not the answer to the problems of the universe. It's a radio show. And I hate to break the news to you. The other programs aren't the answer to the problems of the universe either. Even though some people in their own ego maniacal minds may believe it, they're raw. They're absolutely raw. There reminds me of that Mike Seagull starized to tell you know after we got the, and it was mostly his campaign. He deserved the call. Oh, yeah. The local measured servicing defeated with a petition. Southern Bell. So now we're going to tackle the next. Seriously, the next night he came on. He was so, and of course, this is a man totally humorless. Totally without any sense of humor takes himself a thousand times too seriously. He used to do six to eight at W. News before I came on. And he came on that night to announce and he was, what, breakfast, flushed with his own success. And we, we got the, we beat the phone company. And now the next we're going to solve the problems of the medical problem. And then we're going to work out the problems of the legal profession. And he meant it. That was the frightening part. He wasn't joking. He was serious. I mean, now that he had pulled off this tremendous cool, he was now going to pray. And again, I guess that's fine. If you're one of those people who really, who is a crusader, that's great. I used to do a lot of that stuff too until I realized I was talking to myself. Like I'd show with Dr. Tyson on cocaine. Hello, Dr. I'm taking Felvin. That's what this town is all about. So don't give me all this crap. Well, you don't want gold people. The bottom line is the majority of you who don't like me or don't like this show are bigots. Why did you just admit it? Okay, because I heard some of that stuff in there yesterday too. And you know something? I couldn't give a good god damn less. If you're home of phobic, then I'd look in the mirror because you probably got a problem with yourself. Okay? Because what I do, none of your business. All right? What anybody else does is long as they're not hurting anybody. It's not your business. So don't try to intellectualize your bigotry. In fact, some of the mob readers who just word it out, you know. Bad. At least they're more intellectually honest than the pseudo-electuels who come on. They're just giving us instructions and how much it's like, ecology and telling us how we should be living and at least your normal. And above of above of above, stick it up your butt, okay? You morons don't start feeding me all this pseudo-electual crap because that's all it is. You just a bunch of bigots. And you just can't believe you just can't handle the fact that here's this, this middle-aged bald aging fat, faggot who's on here in Miami saying any goddamn thing that he wants, who's been so successful and has got the top ratings in the market and just run circles around anybody else on a year, you can't stand that, can you? It drives you crazy. Including some of the people of another station that I want to mention, WOLD. Do I? I guess I just did. Anyway, let me just mention this because we promised Joe Johnson that we would mention it. This is great. This is weird. I like this. Yogurt or Burst. I thought for a minute I thought it said yogurt or bust. Who knew I would, they were almost at the end of the first traumatic hour here. And every line's lit. No, nobody dropped off and they'd expired when I went into that last little burst of it. Yeah, yeah. They puked it out. So anyway, that's the bottom line. Look at that. Next got those bizarre bifocals under there. Doesn't he look really a pseudo intellectual today? That's for sure. What is that? That's for sure. I'll just correct that. I'll just correct that. A pseudo intellectual crowd. I'm serious. I have seldom heard. And I've heard a whole bunch of those shows. A lot of them by the way have been on this station. Thankfully, however, mostly before we came here. And I didn't really think I'd hear it again. But yesterday's was one of the all-time greats. It was really incredible. Because it just never stopped. I mean, I would say the three out of every four calls, basically were the same thing. And they kept saying that this show all we did was the same thing every day. And each one of them was saying the same thing. Including the ones who were bashing you. They don't like you. Tough. Goodbye. He's not going anywhere. He's not leaving. And I'm not going anywhere. I'm not leaving. Okay. So I know this is a tremendous shock to your system. And you're going to have to make a tremendous adjustment in your lives. But that's the way it goes. That's the way the cookie crumbles. Okay. It is just a radio show. And that bag that was held on. She was held on through two breaks through a news case. She's on for a half an hour. And I grabbed you. She was a little bit of fun. But she and fool and me, I know exactly where she's coming from and who's pulling her wheels. Okay. Know what that call was all about. I'm not going to do something about this. Yeah. Do something about it. Turn the dial. Okay. Save yourself a lot of grief. Because nothing's going to change. Oh, she's going to do something about it. Yeah. She's going to do something about it. I just stick her left arm all the way where the moon don't shine. Okay. Up to her throat. She can tickle her tonsils. All right. But I have never heard such a whining bunch of cry. Babies and all my life as I heard yesterday afternoon. Who just look and it's always the same corrupt people who sees. They just see the opening there and they see any opportunity to keep repeating the same old crap over and over again. And as you say, the sad part, the part that is the most bizarre and the most ironic is that they can quote chapter and verse of every word that is said. They are all listening right now as I speak and getting duly and didn't in an outraged. And great. I'm glad we provide you with service. Thank God that we're here. Okay. What the hell would you do if I ever disappear? You wouldn't know whether to scream or eat your key to banana. Okay. Oh. So that wraps up our first traumatic. I feel just like Bob Lancet or not. It was long. You emotional monologues. The sky is falling. The sky is falling. And then every 90 year old old fart would be on the phone. Oh, you like you like you like you. I get by my poladen. The beginning of the phone is they were making gutteral sounds with Bob. But anyway, I've seen it all. You know. And Gail Brightest and he by now she's a bunch of upper image a little bit. She's going to really do a tremendous job with a new house. He had a little problem to show a couple of weeks ago. But I don't think she's going to be interfering in anybody's life at any time. Ever, as a matter of fact, she's got the 11 o'clock news and we'll come back with our number two. At 11 o'clock, Steve would Jenny Swartz and part two of that condo hysteria at viewpoint condos. That's at to this afternoon on 610 WIOD. Okay, I'll listen to Gail is still listening in the newsroom. Gail, we want you to have a good day. It's 11 o'clock. At WIOD, we're back for a second hour here on a wonderful Thursday. Everybody is happy and just heard incredible Sandy Payton's story, which we're not going to repeat. On the air, no will we divulge the source of the story. But it was really incredible. Anyway, moving right along, let's see if somebody expired in Broward during the news break, which is fine because we haven't taken any calls yet and may not invoke it as a peer to good. Okay, 524 WIOD in Broward. There it goes. And Boka 278-9463-278 WIOD. And we'll start. And let me just say this, I'm going to preface it right now. It's going to be a chain bashing show. If you think we're going to do that, you're crazy because all hang up on you so fast, you won't know what hit you. We don't do that on this show. And we shouldn't be doing it on the station. But as I said in great length, unfortunately, there are sometimes people come in. They really have nothing to talk about. And it's very easy show, I guess, to, you know, orchestrate. Let's rip Neil and the bird for four hours, you know, which is basically what happened here yesterday. Until I called and then all of a sudden there was kind of a change of heart. And then we went to the call. Really? Where are we going? Miami? Hello. Hello Neil, how are you? Great. Doesn't Glenn, how are you doing, buddy? Cousin, I like that. You know, what really amazes me about these people, Neil, and you really hit it right on the head, is all it is is a radio show. I mean, what is everybody getting so, they got the easiest job in the world, they got a sit at home. And listen, if they don't like it, hey, cruise over to wins, hit the quam, jam with murran, timeway, jam with the quam, that's it. Hey, listen, they might pick up on it, you might get some really jam with quam, that's not too bad. You know, I mean, what's so hard and all they do, I mean, these people are nothing but hypocritical self-righteous dude. Yeah, and then think that it may, that thing that will amazes me is they'll call one host and they'll tinkle all over them and rip somebody else. Then like, in a half hour later, and I've actually heard this half hour later, he heard them on a show of the person that they were ripping doing just the opposite. Because they want to hear the sound of their own voice on a radio. Yeah, they've got like an incredible yearning to listen to a show. You're in, you know, you know what I mean? Yeah. They, they, you're in the list and there's something they hate it, doesn't make sense. Well, good luck to them sir, trust me, they're all out there, everyone. Even size, listen to your right. I want to run a topic by you for the hell of it. Okay. David Brinkley. Yeah, okay. I mean, I'm not one to usually bash the older people, but this guy is like, he deserves to be off the air when you say. Well, David died 10 years ago, but he's still, you know, considering that he's still doing pretty well. I like David Brinkley, but quite frankly, you're right, he's, he ought to be, he seems a little seen I know. He ought to be in retirement, counting his money and having a good time. But he's just, he's like Martin Gransky, they Martin was on until his last tooth fell out. And then they finally sent Martin out to the pasture, you know. I was watching the guy during the election and I'm getting like fog around my eyes, watching him in his eyes, or red, and he's blinking, and his skin's washed out. Well, they're going to, they're going to, they're going to, and he's, he's, he's going to, and he's going to hire a back, they're going to put him on with Michel Gillin and Walter Cronites, and he'll have Lincoln blinking and nod together again. I had some balls, and I have a wonderful day, and we'll tell you how that's going to be. We'll tell David you said hi. Take care. Okay. I like David Brinkley, but he's right, David should have retired a few years ago. There's, it's like in baseball, you know, Stan Musiel hung around too long. Ted Williams knew when to quit, all right? He quit when he was on top. Stan Musiel hung around too long. It was embarrassing because it was a shadow of his former self, and he just, it was became pathetic watching a formerly great player trying to go out there and hit he just couldn't do it. So there are some, you know, like Ducacas. He's not running again for governor. He knows he's a bomb, and he realized he made an absolute fool of himself, and he's, you know, he's not going to run for president again. He just has to say that as a good excuse for why he's not running for governor again. And probably because he's afraid he's going to lose anyway. Although he did carry Massachusetts, not by a lot. Oh, we have a radio celebrity on seven. Hello. Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. It's Mark, Mark. Hey, Mark. I got a classic, uh, old bag story for you. I mean, this one will put blue hair on your chest. Great. If I said, uh, Miami. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes. Okay. Like, uh, if you invite so many to your house, over you invite so many in the house, and you find that you don't like them, that you dislike them. Would you invite them back again? No. Why they don't want people just turning the radio? I'm different. I find, said it. Maybe I somehow, along line, missed it. But, you know what I'm saying? Now, I see the bottom line is they love it, but they don't want to admit it. See, they love it in a perverse way because they love the hate or whatever kick it is that they're there. They just, there's something there that they can't live without, but they don't want to admit that. So they have to keep going through this big herang. And they, they feel, once they do that, it lets them off the hook. You know, it's almost like a guilt trip, but as long as they do that, it lets them off the hook. You know, it's almost like a guilt trip, but as long as they say that they hate me, then it makes them feel better, and it's some kind of an excuse for them listening. Well, they could sleep better in my program. It's like the bag that Steve had on for a half hour yesterday was going on about, well, she has to do her research, you know. Yeah. She's doing research. We've got her research. But anyway, I got the problem. I can't turn it off. Because I like it. So I want to tell you, you'll have a god bless you. But, okay. But, it is a phenomenon. They hate you. They despise me more. Well, you know, I had this interview. The fact the AP photographer, the young lady, was in here this morning, and they did a thing with some talk host around a country, because this movie is coming out. Talk radio, which I thought was the topic of yesterday's show, but nobody has seen it. But anyway, and she was asked me all these different questions. She was very nice from the Dallas newspaper. And I told her, I said that, you know, the ones who hate you the most are likely to be there every single day, the most loyal listener. They would be shocked. You could not understand it. We'd understand it either. But it's true. It's a fact. Now, who's message is this? There was only a handful of anti-neal and bird call. Is that your message? Because I heard the entire program. And if you're going to try to sell me that, you can go sell a Brooklyn Bridge to my Disney. Okay, because you're dreaming. I heard every single call on the entire show. From the time I went, yeah, a little. Yeah, I think more like the John Holmes School of this man is just dreaming. It's 18 past 11 at WIOD for Waterdale. Hello. Hi, how you doing, Neil? Great. I just want to let you know I got my tape. And by the way, Nick is right about one thing. He's not right about much, but that amateur psychology has got to go on that show. Yeah. Hey, I'm 22 and I used to listen to you over on Zeta. Really? And I'm a pervert. I mean, Congress. Yeah. I mean, I've got a lot of those perverts. Yeah. And, you know, I won't miss a day. How about that? Great. All right. Well, thanks a lot, Neil. Have a wonderful life. Bye. Okay. It's another one of our young morons. Then I don't mean that seriously. I don't want to offend him, but I mean, just in the words of some of those listeners yesterday. Oh, I just about to idiot. John, be ahead. That. You know, get your weatina out in your effort and have a wonderful day and go out and sit around and pull and talk about antecedents operation and do something useful. Okay. But get out of my life. Are you miserable nasty old farts? Or is it prunes, I forget? I don't want to steal anybody else's material. Okay. We do have an open line in date if he moved quickly now. 7-5-1-W-I-O-D, 7-5-1-9-463. Anti-something on four. Well, that's good. Hello. Hello. Yes. Who is this? Who are you calling? I'm calling my Disney. Oh, well, this is not Mike Disney. This is Neo Rogers. Well, I certainly don't want to speak with Neo Rogers. Well, that's great. Well, that's great. I'm calling Mike Disney to complain about you. Oh, in other words, you can't just turn it off. You have to make it a complaint. Is that what you're saying? I have it said on W-I-O-D. No, make me up in the morning. Let me say this. I know that that's wonderful. That's wonderful. to another program of your choice. It's not like it's not. No, we're not. It's not like going into a Chinese restaurant one from Colombe. All right. And, entirely disgusting. And that's in the flow. But keep it laughing. That is fine. You know what I think? Let me make you an invitation. Okay? To go away. Not accept any of this. No, no. You're not listening though. You said I wasn't listening to you. There she goes. She just another wonderful. That was a special show. That was the quintessential call. Four hours of that yesterday afternoon. Okay? Now, you can go ahead and call Mike Disney. But I got news for you. He ain't going to take the call. He's not going to bother with you. Bill Wise might take the call. But I'm likely that probably take a message. Can't get the. They're not interested lady. Don't you understand if you enjoy Mike in the morning. Great. He's got an enormous audience as I said before. But this side. This frozen dial syndrome doesn't sell. Okay? It just doesn't play. The idea that you set the dial. You don't set a radio dial. Like you set a clock. You don't? You know, like a big clock. You have one of those big old, time clocks and I'll set them with a little. You don't have to set your radio. I know it comes in the shot. But you can just reach over and turn that dial and twist it all around or twist whatever you want. Okay? So I think it's really what your problem is. That's what I love. Now, why would some moron be calling for Mike Disney on a pop show? All right. Okay? Shouldn't that be very obvious to you, man? By calling the pop show, you're not going to get to the general manager at anybody in management. Okay? So you can take your complaint and you can stick it where the mone don't shine. Okay, lady. Go away. And don't give me this. You know, she's obviously listening. Oh, yeah. Wow. But did you know? She's not a hidden run artist. She couldn't handle it. Because she had no comeback when I asked her why it is that she couldn't change the state. No, no. We've had this before. That is not an acceptable solution. Did you notice that? That is no solution. You can change the station. I'll say, that's the argument they have got to you. Yeah. Or the fact, you know, to cover up the fact that they're so embarrassing. I mean, can you can you ever imagine, you know, flipping across on a cable TV, coming across a show. And of course, let's face it every day. There are hundreds of shows that you just despise it. Yeah. But instead of continuing to flip the dial, stopping, picking up the phone, getting the phone number, making the effort to call in and tell them, I don't like that show. I want you to take it away. I want you to put something on the dial like. That's what it is. I would tell you the men in the white coats would be at your door. Is so fast that you wouldn't know whether the scream or each of Kita, you know what I'm saying? Mobile. Is this a confoner? Is this a joke? That is a mobile. Okay. That's what I thought I said. How you doing? Is this real? Yeah. First of all, I like to say, God forbid people if you don't like to show. Don't call. Don't listen. Second of all, I see you have a great show. I love the poor. I love his laugh. Great. Okay. Another thing I like to say is that the cute car wash over there on Hollywood for everyone's yard, bunch of douche bags. They're rude. Great question. What's that? Great call. Okay. Have a nice day. Bye. And a good life. And a good time. 23 past 11 at WIDO. Interrupted myself in mid-sense because I have that mobile phone syndrome. I see car phone on there. And I don't want these poor suckers to have to run up a big bill or hang up or I did just what right to that. It was worth it. But he's a good guy. He's just a little overwrought. I probably ripped his car antenna off or something minor like that or his phone antenna. Anyway, this Sunday boy, a lot of people going to be out there and a lot. From your phone company, it's yelling. And it's cheaper than calling. I'm the wife and kids. Pretty good, Sam. You and Laura, why don't you come over for dinner tonight? Sure. I can't get back to you. With yelling, you get the same convenient features as calling. Like yelling waiting. I just submitted for my boss's yelling at me. Oh, David, she's got that contract ready for tomorrow morning. I'm sorry, Joe. Try yelling. New from your phone company. YELL at our toll free number for more information. Of course, it's cheaper to yell after 7 p.m. A 3 minute yell from sunrise over to Temrad. Cost only a dollar. But you may have trouble getting through during peak yelling hours. I'm pretty new. I'm pretty new. It's the new easy choice from your phone company. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. Yelling. OK, Joe. Wonder if Lee Fowler's got that answer, huh? What do you think? Lee is the only guy in America. Doesn't need a phone. Yeah. He doesn't have a phone. All he does is open the window. And even when he calls Steve and Dave County, he's living in Palm Beach. No problem. No problem at all. 11.28 at WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Where is the is? Good morning, Glenn. Hi. Hey, Neil. I waited a long time to hear a free win. It's big. Yeah. I got the cassette right here. We ever had a place to dub this stuff. I'd have it on card. I gave it all time. I gave it. Oh, yeah. I had a couple of years back. Because I started listening to you back in April of 87. I haven't missed a show. And one thing, a couple of things. I don't understand Neil. One, how can this guy to call just today on Steve's show? He was in a 20. Oh, yeah. The one that liked Alan Burke. You know, I got nausea. He's always got to be one. I got so nausea. He's always got to be one. But, you know, when you look at the demographic right here in the last trend, we were number one and 18 to 34, which is mind boggling for a talk show. And Alan, if he had like four people under a hundred listening to a show as a miracle. So it goes to show you need to agree to which all the vultures out there perceived this as an opportunity to rip me. So, and I hear, here was the one kid 20 who's a moron who's an old fart, but he's only 20. Who loved Alan because he loved those guests. Yeah, Alan had some real uplifting guests on his show. Like, like, Dr. Faz family or whatever his name was. I got one more thing. It burned me up when I heard it. And I don't get a chance to call. I'm getting ready to go to work now. I got to ride my 10 speed over to the beach. Oh, yeah. I work with Patrick Pride. Anyway. Oh, good luck. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey, you're probably seeing me over there. Yeah. I'm going to be shopping over there all the time. I don't know 41st street yesterday. Can't you pride? No, I don't want to over the bow. I shopped there all the time. I would have all the way from plantations. I don't have any supermarkets in the garage. I'd grab all the way to the plantation before you. Just so I can run into that lady. Well, I didn't see you there. Anyway, I wasn't. You got to let her a couple weeks back in a really just burn me to pieces from the Adam Walsh Foundation. Oh, yeah. Nice folks. Okay. I've never missed a show. I listened to you all. And you know what, and I keep hearing these letters people saying you've made passes or tried to bring in young boys over the airways. Oh, you're never having a trailing for boys on here. So let's get it. It never happened. It never happened. I've never going to happen. And anything that's said anywhere there are those who would like to twist and manipulate only because of their terminal homophobic or their bigotry. And they're not fooling anybody intelligent. I mean, when the only people they can fool are the ones who have never even heard the show, then what does that tell you? And I'm not an idiot. I just finished my first semester of college. And I did very well. I got all ways. Excellent. And Neil, this is the guy that used to call you from work really. I think you know, oh yeah. Yeah. That's great. But I finished my first and I go to Miami Christian College. Wow. Believe it or not. I love your show. Never miss it. You've never seen anything to offend me. And you know, then people, they can't shut it off. Trust me. They can't. They and I love the laugh. Go ahead. Okay. You got to have a good day. Bye. I love a 31 a WLOD. We have a couple of open lines. Now a little crisis here on this show. One in day, one in Broward. We have no date. I guess 751. 9, 4, 6, 3. She'll give them a lot more slowly. So that those intelligent people like this. She'll be like, you woman. No one's like Disney. Oh, you want's to complain about my show. Because we're going to take this show off and put something on the show. Like. Okay. Popped it. Well, I tell you. We have just it's like, you know, we went to the lobby right FM. We had, you know, our moments here. I mean, it was not a better roses. Especially last few months working for those people over there. But the car is buying large. We didn't have nearly as much of this. Am I right? I mean, not nearly as much of this. Most of the people seem pretty happy. You know, pretty happy campers. Yeah. But when you get back on AM again, one of the live billin' heizes. You have these frozen dial AM old farts. I just can't tear them down. Because I'm just keeping it in the way. Well, obviously something is preventing it. Yeah. Not a solution. Although we don't want to bank those old people because we don't want to get a reputation. I don't forget Steve is going to be doing condo kid part two of this afternoon. I just mentioned that in passing, even though he does not attack prunes or old farts or people who are barbaric in their behavior and treat young people like cattle. He does not do that. You love him 32. I just can't believe it. I just can't believe it. I thought we were given a misolution. Change the channel. But obviously that doesn't hold no. No, don't change it. Her dial is set. That doesn't work. Her dial is set on 16. She gets up to it. So therefore whenever you wake up, you will not think he actually moves. I think the bed is right next to the phone. I forgot. And I don't think she can move far enough to reach the radio. I know. It is probably the problem. And now in that case, we do have a crisis. I do understand. For those of you who don't know what we might do is we might send spike out. Spike just kind of hangs out. I do not do it too much. And we'll send him out to the homes of people who cannot reach the radio as to change the dial. Great. He will personally lock it in to any other station of your choice. The only problem is he's going to have to come back in the morning because then you'll want to hear Mike. Yeah. So he'll come back around 515. And he'll have it a paper route. You know, and he'll make the rounds and he'll just change your dial. And everything will be fine, okay? You expect to seem 2-3 times today. Maybe give him a little lunch. Toyota of Hollywood. Steve and I are going to be there a week from the Saturday. That ought to be a real picnic. Okay. I'll bring the Antee. You said it. 1136 at WIOD. And our next call is another mobile. Hello. Hi, how are you? Okay. Okay. Listen that. I just think this is for a very long time. AMFM back to AM. And I think I have a solution for this for ladies. Dial is stuck. I find it's very easy to get the dial lunch stuck. Would you do you take a cup of pronges? Yeah. Going in a half of Metamusel. Get stood up. Rupert. Get drink. That moves you. And you have to run away from the radio. You have to listen to what's going on. I want to tell you something. That you may have just done her the greatest few-year-old service in history. Because I don't think she's had to be in at least 20 years. That's probably what it is. You need to get very uptight when you have that pressure. That pressure is terrible. Yeah, it'll get to you. It's like having an extended stomach in your intestines. That's what it is. That's exactly what it is. Well, I'm very happy that Charheight is advertising with you. I'm a big fan of theirs. Yeah, I agree with you. I know all the people over there are Charheight. My name's Roman. And I don't Roman. You're on the days of our lives. Are you Roman? No, no, no. Okay. I'm not a good looking. But anyway, you're on your knees. You're on your knees. You're on your knees. All I want to say is that I don't always agree with you. I think a lot of people disagree. But it's a pity it's a great. And you can hear it. You're getting really pissed. I'm trying it off. Yeah. But most of the time I listen, then I find, you know, I take it in the tongue and seek side, and you hopefully intend it. And I have a good time. Okay, Roman. Okay, sorry. Good day. I love him 38, 22 before noon. By the way, speaking of soap operas and I've been forgetting to mention this. So Roman did another pubic service for me because by that name, which maybe Think of days of our lives, Holly is back on a guiding light. Now, that doesn't mean anything to anybody except those of us who are ancient. Okay. Holly was one of the characters in the early years. For many years, she was Ed Bower's girlfriend. Okay. And I think they were married at one time. I don't remember. Oh, Ed Bower's girlfriend. Oh, you know Ed Bower? No. Well, anyway. And all of a sudden, they brought the same accrispect. She's been off that show for years and years. Did you ever watch a guiding light? You'll end? Never watch a shame on you. I know you've been here all year. I'll get a little TV in here. I'm telling you, it'll enrich your life tremendously. But anyway, Holly was one of the, no see, I used to, when I was in high school, I lived right up the block from a school. So I'd come home every day for lunch at about 12 30. And that was when the soap operas were all 15 minutes. So long time ago, okay, that's almost 30 years ago. She looks pretty good for, you know, middle-aged lady. She's got to be in her 50s, easy. And she's back. Wow. And it's so rare that they bring back the same actor or actress in, you know, in a role. She came back to town, you know, that's a storyline. And it's shocking. But you're obviously very moved about that. I'm sure that there are some soap operas who are there in this audience who can relate to it. So I'm talking about, and are just incredible. Oh, here's another hate call. Hello. Hello. Uh, not, didn't have the guts to do it. Oh, be damned. Oh, that was her again. The same one. Now why is she calling this number? Lady, please. Thank you, Joe. Lady, you've got to understand that the tube has to go in first before you can start squeezing the bag. She's squeezing the bag down. The tube is like, it's going all over the floor. If you're going to have a really productive, um, prune juice enema, the tube has got to go into proper place. Okay. And you should have no trouble finding it. It's 1140, it's 1140, it's 1140, and let's go to beautiful Belgrade. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Why do you stay as a me girl? How are you doing? Are you going to good mood, sir? Pardon me? Are you going to good mood today? I'm going to good mood. Great. I think I understand what's going on. Are you happy, sir? I'm trying to be good. Is your, do you have a rich full life? I try. Good. I try. I think what's happened. I've been really thinking about it. Some of you are getting all these calls, Neil. You know what I think it is? I think I have to do a digital radio. I got news for you. The people who are making these calls or a battle don't have no digital radio. Okay. They've got an old emerson that you have to crank like a model T-Ford. You're probably, I was thinking maybe they, it's digital. I don't have to switch the channel and now show comes on. And you know, we go right to the roll though. Well, the good news is that Bill Wise is that he just left. He's got a bag of salads and his under his eyes. And he's making his rounds. He's going to be switching those dials. And then tomorrow morning he'll be there at about 515 to get him all back on again for Uncle Mike. Well, I think, you know, if they didn't want to listen to you, what they used to is probably watch television. Now they switch over for Rado used to be and they're getting the macro major or something. Yeah, which is. Well, I like the macro major. What's on my favorite? Well, they're going into a parent. Well, if you do, they can turn back into three. It's not a fact. The other day, they were macroming something I didn't like. And I looked up the phone number and I thought, I'm like, I don't like that. And it looks disgusting. I watched you to do it in pink. But. Well, up here in Palm Beach County, at least they're getting a more choice because the local pro show pair just announced their new line up today. Oh, boy. I can't wait for this. Wait a minute. Let me grab the edges of my seat. Are you ready? Okay. Well, which station is this? This is WJNO. Wow. The biggie. I'm going to love it from 9 to 12, Mike Miller. Mmm. 12 to 3. We flour. Noon to 3. Yeah. Are you ready for 3 to 6? I don't think we can handle stiff competition like that. Okay. With 3 to 6 at the wheel winner. Jeff Chow. You got it. Oh. I don't think Steve can handle that. I don't know. With all that competition, I think you guys should be real scared. It sounds like real stiff competitions. I'm just real glad that out here in Dogway. We can pick your station up. I can't pick up Jay and I know. Really. Well, you know that 1000 Watson at Rotodot ground system on at AM Tower out there in the lake. It's kind of rough. You know, but Lee talks lot enough. He don't need a trash. I'm going to come out here. Now I'm going to kind of difficult. Yeah. We can hear the lead followers show from noon to three without a radio up there. And Bug Lado could show me even Pohokey. Lee is big and Pohokey. Well, what do they do is I do need to blow up air rate. So I was not up as put Lee on. And if you've heard the way Lee has been ripping off everybody else's act lately, he belongs in the Pohokey. You know what I'm saying? Have a great day. Get to my. He sounded that was a little Lee followers last year. That wasn't it? Now we know I missed your follower. Doesn't call us anymore because he's going to be a competitor. Yeah. On Monday. Oh, God. God. The pressure when I think of those days when he was on there with his two's. On W's. Two's on snooze. That used to be the theme of the station. Two's on snooze. One snooze on Lee followers show. Once in a while, one's, but mostly, he's pretty consistent. I got it. I got it. I got it. I just. I got it. I know, Lee. What do you think? This is for you, Lee. Ellen Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opa Laka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... Beel-evelable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from... Neal Rogers Disease. Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet? That honey we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no. That's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just they know to L-herald sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers Disease have lost the ability to communicate. Like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from Bembroke Pines. You know, the n-thes were like, oh, no. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? I bought those bag boys at Wendixie. You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In... Incredible. Neal Rogers Disease. A growing South Florida epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got a knife? A knife? A knife? What's the new father got? Three points up? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In Caribote 105. Hermiton. Unbealatable. Yeah, that Lee is. Trim out and unbelievable. It's 145 at Wild. But we want to congratulate Lee and Dennis Collins for the incredible job they did with WGBS and WNWS. Man, they took two incredible facilities and turned them into parking lots in O-time. Okay, we have an open line in Palm Beach. Wouldn't you know? That's like a way to do. It's not a thing he's going to be calling us. But that evidently is part of the reason. We will not be hearing again from Mr. Fowler on this show. He's now going to be the competition. You know, I saw a... Was over GTR yesterday. You know how long Jeff Charles is going to last on your... I'm sorry, but I just... You know, you're how long he's going to last over there? By five minutes. I can't believe he got a job. You were a GTR. Yeah, and they have a GBS coffee cup over there. See, you're in talking now. And that's bad because you don't contribute anything that the show will be... You was cackle like a hanging in a moron. You never say anything. I see all of that's why the confusion. Yeah. Why thought I would try? You know, I haven't been stuck out last even more today because it seems to upset them much more. The more I laugh. I'll work on that. What is this message, you mean? Roger Thorpe. Oh, from guiding light. Oh, Roger, he's not on there anymore. Is he? René is wife, one called, and one of them, who is Roger Thorpe. Roger was Holly's boyfriend. One of them. Years and years ago, and he was a really bad guy. He was like a gangster type. And he kidnapped her or something. I don't remember, but that's a long time ago. But Holly was on air for Everboy. She was on a show with Ed for Ever and Ever. In fact, no, they were married. That was Ed's first wife. She was a little girl who was now Glenn Close plays the daughter. What are you talking about? Glenn Close is in the show. No. Yes. Was. Is in the show now? Are you taught that's not possible. Okay. If that is not Glenn Close, then my name is Roger Thorpe. Okay. I have to replay this. Christina. She's a movie star. Didn't Joan Crawford get in soap opera. Yeah. Didn't. They leave to do movies. They don't stay. You don't understand. It's probably just a temporary thing. It's one of these campel. Lameo deals. You know, for a short period of time. I'm telling you it's her. That's amazing. That's her hair is like blonde. But it's her. I'm somebody will call in. Okay. Is that Glenn Close or not? All right. That's her. I'm very happy. She's in guiding line. Okay. And that's one of the things they do to try to get, you know, how competitive that's become. I'm trying to get big numbers. I see. Because the big battle there is general hospital. If I didn't general hospital have Rick Springfield on for a long time. Sure. And Richard Simmons was on that show. Was he? Yes. Long time ago. He was on that show. Well, you just, you know, I don't even watch him in a row. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. But you know, but I don't really watch soap. I do years ago when I worked at night because when your home in the daytime is nothing else to watch. I don't know. Michael's was on that show. No. Alan Michael. Alan Michael. So, okay. Alan Michael's isn't on any show. And that's a way it ought to be. Okay. Well, you're in an area. I got a new show called Crank for your life. I don't know soap opera. So you're in an area. You're right. I know nothing about this area. So I shouldn't. Okay. So see the audience. You know nothing about sports. You just like most sports. You know nothing about soap. You did not see the Karen Carpenter story. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You need to start reorganizing your whole life. Just to satisfy that segment of the audience out there that hates your guts. Boy do they ever. Boy in the air. And the thing about that they despise the most is that a lot of the stuff I say isn't funny at all. I mean, you continue. See, there you go. Kackling hysterically. Well, and if they don't like it, they can drop dead. Okay. That's what he did. That's him. He can't help himself. All right. He was born with little. He's been dropping his brain. There's a little thing. And he just keeps cackling. You know, there was a little egg in the family many years ago. I don't want to get young. Need a lot to have to play the whole thing. But when the egg hatch, there was a little mental thing there that had to do with cackling and gurgling sounds. Well, I don't know. You're funny to me. I don't know. I don't think I should apologize. Even though I am a terrible guy. And I think people. Oh yeah. Oh, boy. Is that giving me when they start that. That psychoanalysis man. And I started with that amateur. Analyzing of everybody and everything. And they've got any idea what they're talking about. And of course, when we were at Zeta and on those rare opportunities when I would tune in. And amazingly enough, most of the time when I would tune in the afternoon here, I was the subject of conversation. Even when they were guests. I've been talking about conversation. And I would keep hearing Steve say, oh, well, you know, he's such an unhappy person. He doesn't have any life. And about. And except for a casual meeting at a Chinese restaurant. A couple of years ago, Stan and I were up there and Stephen was wife for there. Except for that, I hadn't seen this man in years or had any contact with him. And yet somehow he knew that I was this terrible unhappy person. Now that I have come here, I'm a happy person. Because that now I have the honor of being trashed by Steve's listeners for four hours and he have to know. Okay, it's 11.50. It's 10 till noon. Ah, Wiod. And we'll be right back. 11.52. Now is that the message is that this call in Boko? Oh, they hung up. They disappeared. They flew away. That'll hit right. And I'm the devil. That's right. When my bald spot finishes disappearing up there, I'll be 6, 6, 6 underneath this. Oh, look, we're here. Oh, man, she hasn't eaten all week long. Oh, man, she's a Thursday. Boy, she ran out of here. Oh, she has been eating this week. I know her mother listened to this show. And I want to tell you something seriously. This daughter of yours, she's got to start eating. Now I saw that caring carpenter movie on Sunday. Oh, she's got the same syndrome. She is getting so gone. And she's got to do something about it. You have to start eating a little bit. I realize I've been on this diet. Another three four months to go. Then we'll start bringing in the food. There'll be a lot of pressing going on in the building. It will get you back to a normal side. But she's just emaciated. And I know her mom listens in as very concerned about her. Yeah. And justifiably, she is just a shadow. We've only been here a couple of months. She's a shadow of her former cell. That's okay. It's my child. It's an ad. It's an ad. Bokeh. Hello. Let me say it again. Did I not say it correctly? Bokeh is gone. That's probably just as well. Yeah. Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah. I was going to tell you, I have a beef. I was at Pompetal last night. I love betting on the harness. And I had a six to five shot with Bruce Ranger on the rail. Were you there last night? Yeah. I had the horse too and he got locked in behind the dead horse. What about that? That's racing. What was he waiting for to go pick that horse? Well, first of all, if he pulled, he wasn't going to get past the horse anyway. I mean, I would like to have seen him pull because I had the one horse too. But he didn't have the horse to get out. That's the reason he didn't pull in the back stretch. He'd have been out in the air to be in right away finished anyway. But because the race went in 59 and 1 and the one horse if you notice, the two was the horse. Didn't have much of a driver, but he got to lead. If you look at his lines about, I don't want to bore the audience. But he was the best in the race and he paid a hell of a price. We got sucked in there on a stiff. Yeah. It's true. And if you notice that one horse, I don't want to sound like I've got it in my brain. But he only won one horse, one racing his life. Oh, yeah. They were all dogs. But the reason we all got sucked into it is because McDonald had been driving it. And now Bruce Ranger was on it. But Bruce has had a rough couple of days. Yeah. Okay. Why feel a little better about it? Hey, listen, misery loves company. We all plunged our brains out and tonight will be another night. Okay. Okay. He did feel better. Now he has to feel better. And I did have the same horse and he got locked in behind a dead horse. But if I said if he'd hold, forget it, it'd have been all over. 155 at WIOD and those lines are sizzling today boy. They are flashing. And we know we got nothing but a bunch of ding bands and ding bags. They call this show. But it's the best we can do. Okay. We're doing the best we can. We can't. Now listen. We can't all have these highfalutin intellectual shows. Wall of geniuses call in all them out. Free the boo. Oh, oh my God. Boca's back. Hello. What happened? I'm working. And I have to make some calls. Oh, listen. Hey, listen. You know it's a question of priorities. You know this show is a lot more important to you than that job. Anybody can get another job. You can't but you don't come over and pay myself. Well, let's say when Spikons over to a good. When listen to me so when Spikons over to a just your radio tomorrow morning. We're coming. Bring it check. Because everybody in the world's on a payroll here. So there's one more one we'll make it. What time is he coming over? About 5.50. 5.50. Yeah. I believe the Dora. Yeah. Okay. Listen. Listen in at the reader rolling stone. Yeah. Are you reading rolling stone or smoking it sir? Well, it's about good enough to use for kindling with nowadays. But a singer Bobby McSaren is reading a book based on a hit song. Normally, he'll be happy. They give the name of it. No, but I think it's going to happen. Is now when you see the commercials on channel 4. They're going to offer the book with it. Ha ha ha. I'm not even because people are in town. There are little stupid. Hey, listen. I want to tell you the best way. You know, they're all different versions of the spot. And there are a few different ones. The main spot where Betty White is in there. All is there. The fun way to do that is mute the TV. Turn the sound down and watch it with the sound off. And you will swear that you've lost your mind. You'll swear that you've gone on a spaceship to another planet. Is that you? Is that the compilation one? Have you seen that one with every single person that they've had and they all mouths the words to the song? Yeah. That's the one. Yeah. That's the one. You've only seen a one. That's the first time I saw that. Well, you must be living a real sheltered life. I see it when a set is an even on. And in the end, I know Tom said that they told him a bunch of things yesterday. But I got news for him. They're running like two a break again. They're a re-chance they get. They're running two in the same break. And just enough to make you vomit. And then at night, I see the two ladies that the guy in the girl on their telling him what's coming on at night. That's just a sweep. But that's just a sweep. Thank you. That's just a sweep. So they probably are a little upset that that's a space to wait and do that. I'm getting paid for it. Yeah. Just like the people on the news, it had to come back at two thirty in a morning and do the news over again. Oh, yeah. I thought it would really play. I read it four in the morning. I couldn't believe they were still March. And they won't let him do any updates. You can read the same damn, stinking old news that they read it 11 30. And they're pretty ticked his Sally said she's going to revolt about it. And make the same flow. Sally is pretty good. I think not that you're there. Can I have to see some advice? Yes sir. This is the show for advice. And psychological counseling and amateur psychology came to the right show. People who have had I tend to meet life that I respect a lot of me on guy. Yeah. I've always said to me that the people in this life are in this world. Really are worth it. You know, they're not worth getting upset about it. They're not worth having problems with it. Do you find that to be true? I don't understand. You can make that blanket statement. But in other words, if you're going to worry about what do people think that's definitely true to how with other people. If they don't like you, it's time to drop your eye on just don't worry. Don't live your life for other people. Trust me. And the problem. Best piece of amateur psychology I can give you. Thank you. And the problem that I think when people are calling in and complaining about your show is they don't have a problem with you. They really have a problem with themselves. That is correct. You know, very, very unhappy people. There's a lot of people. There are. There lies are so unsacilved and there's really nothing exciting going on. They have to become like these missing listeners and get involved in something they're not controlled. Yeah, we have somebody in a building. I'm not going to mention her name, but we have somebody in a building. If it's right in that category, very unhappy person, unfortunately. And she takes it out in everybody else. And we just we understand that. So we just kind of laugh and ignore and listen, have a great day. I got to run. I know. I'm on the table. Okay. That was perfect. You ran out of the mirror. Just as we ran out of time. So our audience may be a bunch of ding bats and morons, but they, their timing is excellent. Okay. April is here. I believe. Oh, we got our lunch from Flores and we're just tickled to that. In fact, they were discussing this. Cheryl was just in here. I've been mentioning the fact that she wasn't eating. And the bird tried to slip her a little bit of a salami. And she said, I'll pass her. Yeah, you wouldn't have any of it. So she wouldn't have any part of it. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. I believe the same as they need. That's a lot to make my birthday. The dream is right behind. You won't keep working in here. It's a huge thing. It's often a mighty dream. I believe it's just a way to take hope. And that feels so big tonight. And keep this dream dancing. It's a snap of a lullaby. No, that's a big smile. All the girls in the office say, say, Hard on, hard on. Big, my pardon. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. A vacuum in giving. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh Oh On the point to main to Mexico, I've all obsessed with that symbol My recovery carries a big night to take you just an extension of its wake If I could put two down on the block, you might think it's every time the clock So come to what you can't go, night, I'll tell you we get stopped on work and night I always put the chance to form the side of the church, because they don't want to hear everything Sweds from every floor, they drop the drugs and they ask for more and more All the rules will be they say hard on, hard on, hard on Take a photo Oh Oh, you're eating on the air again Oh Call 09 at WIOD, we have an open line in Boka Just lettuce, but lettuce makes them good noise You know what does that? God is that make good noise That Boka number 2789463 278 WIOD just in case Don't forget Steve this afternoon has condo the condo kid part two Jamie Swords the nine year old girl been kicked out of viewpoint condos and her stepfather and mother Marcy Esposito, norm cramets who are running for the viewpoint board of directors on a compassionate slate And I don't think that the other side, allgy and I grew about think they're showing up I think they chickened out, yeah So anyway those of you who are disgusted with a behavior of those prunes in old far It's at the viewpoint condos the update is coming up this afternoon Then they're having a big meeting on it tonight Hopefully we'll resolve some of this and put an end to this barb Eric behavior Okay, Miami, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Hello Glenn Hi Just want to tell you a true horse story happened a couple of years ago You remember young Chris Raceway? Have you been up there? Yeah, I've been there. There's a horse up there that goes back 1970 the horse's name is Captain Dean Dell in school's drive him in the stretch my friends got about $100 on the nose to win The horse comes to within how many say a hundred yards So maybe a hundred feet of finish line and dies dropped dead. Yeah, alright. I've seen that. It's happened. I was with the guy next day. Now if you remember in the older days before they had the computerized coach They used to have wind placed and show windows $50 Yeah, you have to go to one window. Yeah, he goes to the window to the next race. He's really bestroud He says I want to $100 to win on the foot He says I want to $100 on the foot. The guy looks at me says the wind is no-to-live He's just like a horse. True story I got news for I've bet on a few including a couple last night. I don't think they made it Well, they're still running. He also said to me very famous words I'm going to attract today. I said good luck. I hope you win. He says not. I just want to break out even I could use the money Yeah, very well put Have a good lunch, I'm at a material Enjoy Have a great life 11 pass no to WI-D Alright, here comes the moment ladies and gentlemen It's been waiting for all of your lives Probably a lot of people eating lunch not to right sure and lunch is not complete without your teeth in a glass Maybe another tablet, huh? That was pretty good for a start Maybe a two tablet Okay, now this is for those of you who are happy about that Can't even afford your own effort What we're going to do every day is a public service of WI-D We're going to be dropping these tablets in a phishing glass And if you hold your teeth close to the radio By the end of 30 seconds man, they will be like Whisk or clean Okay, trust me. Here we go Nothing Oh, does that smell good? What smells like peppermint? Is this peppermint flavor? Yeah That's good enough to drink Want some rich? What? If this does to your insides What a cadudio your teeth man This is better than a barium Animisen Wow 1239 at WI-D Here's good old Chuckie in date How are you doing Neil? Okay Chuckie Yes, you are calling the defendant You guys yesterday, I'm going to say that But let me just say this to you You know, we shouldn't have to be defended Because the entire discussion shouldn't take place in the first place Really, I'm going to invent some kind of electronic contraption That will wipe WI-D off the dial for these old sushi novels Well, I mean, I mean, we're evidently They need some help because they just can't They're quite rich that radio boy They're trying desperately But they just can't quite reach that time Yeah Like interfered from their wheel chairs Yeah, well, Leo anyway, this is a give you my phone number When you wear a red calming, I'll make you happy Okay Chuckie, good luck Oh, well, 1239 at WI-D Oh boy, look at this Speaking of chronic Hello? Hello? Yeah How you doing? Who is this? No, no me, I'm not a chronic first time call But it says Cox Huh? It says Cox, this ain't done Cox Oh man, but anyway, well I getcha Let's make a one-question for you But first, there's more point about this dial on this discussion this morning You said it, the call is said it afterwards Don't like the damn program, sir I need a... Yeah, get a light and find something else to do That's right Unboeable, listen, quick question, I like to go And it does some game when Feeling plunging this weekend, I'm going out on the boat First time, okay? Now, my buddy told me blackjack's about shakes my money No Guys, all the other day there's a new game out there called Terrible Being Polk, they're paying two to one You know what I mean? I don't know anything about Polk, and I don't like blackjack I like roulette You like roulette I love the slots, but that's a sucker, but you never going to win on that But roulette's pretty good If you got patience and you sit there and you get a little lucky And you know when to get up and walk away roulette, you got a good shot That's what I'm going on in here, and you know what? No, I'm going to lose, no one's a problem I'm like Kenny's a liar That's correct Okay, Neil, I'm out in the material Okay But it's the as good luck to you 1246 and WIOD An open line in Palm Beach if you're really hurry now 655 9463 655 WIOD O'Conson 7 I am iconic now I am an understatement Hey guys Donald Bryan Yeah, really Hey Neil What the hell? What the hell is that? Are you shouting? I'll see you at the other end Why are you? No, not you, him, he's shouting Well he's got a leaf forward to see Yeah, well Neil Soon as we put concentrate Every line was put up all three deadlines Just went out at the same time Wait, every line in the board lid We put this guy on every line in day just went out Well, I have that effect on people Hey Neil, I have an idea for your old part Yeah Have them tuned to me for one afternoon I'll give them some audio adjustment Yeah Oh, rattle there, Wayne Hey, they can't listen to have them done Unfortunately They don't know how to switch the band Oh, look they can't even switch from one station Not A, I'm to another I think they can switch the band You're really great Yeah, it's true Well I thought it's a week ago Like a little hour of power therapy You know? Yeah, they need power But they need no power Animals, what they need Well there's something that would Think that that would happen when you listen to And then And then And then Anyway, I just thought If we had them tuned over Rattle there, brain for an hour or two Right, well I'm sure that my friends next to our KTR I'll be just delighted May invite everybody Listen to power now You said, can we just listen to Just love power? All listen, make me an hour or two All right Yeah, they're not any problems You know, you know that they're on tape We've never been here since we came here to vote on tape Well, me that's the That's part of spike's idea about it Do that, you know? That's spike boys You're a fact he was here today For a couple of minutes I think he's all building What are you going to? That's what you have to have lunch You know, it starts about 930 Man, it's about 430 And they come in and they got to go Coffee break Okay, John, we'll listen to it You're a lot of fun I start congienio Bye Bye 1248 at WIO Day We have both the Palm Beach lines open That's true As soon as he came on there Boy, the lines Emptyed out like there was a Bubonic plague on there And nothing personal done It's just the way they emptied Open line in Boker 278 WIO Day And in Palm Beach 655 WIO Day Guess the Marvin Friday Probably the last day We will be speaking in these hours There's a lot of people in Palm Beach Because we be on Noon to three We can't we can't handle that No In fact, if you miss And you live in North Broward or Palm Beach And you can pick up J&O You can be able to tune over there Immediately at noon And you'll probably hear most of it repeated On the Lea Dollar Show Noon to three So, it's been a way for you to catch up I'm going on here Toyota of Hollywood We're like to invite you to come back Coffee Stew at WIO Day Got a mobile in date Hello? Yes sir How are you doing? Okay How is the bird? Okay Okay, okay I knew They'd still try to be number three No, they're trying to be number 33 30 I think when the book comes out next Tuesday I think they're going to be getting real close Well, if they don't make it I have just a person they can bring in And they'll just put them right where they should be Yeah Big Wilson Oh, that'll do it Okay, yeah I don't know I don't know why no one else has grabbed him up in this market Even Jane Owens got the other three bigies Yeah, they got quite a lineup now, boy Between Mike Miller and Lee and Jeff Charles Why don't we get an handle ass? Well, I'll tell you Big Wilson is next, so That's it Mike Miller is first show He's doing a poll on which boat is your bucket That's a good, and Lee's power will follow up To see the poet come back Yeah, and then Mike's going to do a petition drive To get National hockey league team in West Palm Beach That's too much That isn't really going to do well up there Yeah, they're going to kick some serious ass up there You can be sure that Let me let me let me let me Jeff Charles working up there If nothing else they'll at least find out where the good drug Supplies in Palm Beach County Well, I don't take some of the pressure off of dating Broward Yeah That's for sure Let me tell you about the Can't drive the bait that Steve can't always have No, I don't want to do that You really don't want to do it Not at all, no, I don't I really don't want to do it And we've gotten almost three three hours without doing it And I'm just not going to return in kind What I heard yesterday because it's bush league It just doesn't have any place but have a wonderful day 1254 At WIO Day we have an open line in date at 7519463 Boca, hello Ne or Berg Yeah, along my last come this is I go to your opinion And I just want to tell you that What the hell is that? What are your opinions saying Shall I discuss about a couple of friends that are yet Okay Those people out there who do Spaggs were picking on you yesterday Made her blood turned the whiskey That at 100 bed bugs get drunk Don't say That sounds rather bad And they're belly button They're enemies get cramped in their legs While they dance on their graves May a child be named after them soon Yes And may your first child be a masculine child Sir, it's 1254 At WIO Day right down the middle of the board Just all empty.87519463 We were gone along fine Don Cox called all of a sudden Now we got a little problem here In Broward You know, it was just so popper lady And not a 100 feet back Because I enjoyed her call tremendously And the amazing part of it is she actually responded To something that I said Yeah That's so rare See, another thing about these pseudo intellectuals Whirlie, you'll don't bring up topics I used to do those heavy monologues And I go on for 35 40 minutes To get my blood pressure up in the top of my head Thought like it was going to blow off from high blood pressure And I get all worked up to a And you'd punch up the first call Oh, you know that doctor, you had a last week Oh, I was his name And that would be the first call And I would get worse from there There would be nothing in any way Shape or form Responding to what I said And it was the same on Zeta Remember there would be those foolish days When I would go on and rant and rave and pun on Table once in a while Just because I had something on my mind And the lines at all get lit up, you think, boy I really got these people going today And it would be not a single response So at least the lady talked about it Sopob, maybe she bought a lot of you But at least she responded to something I mentioned Okay And she deserves several points for that That's true You know you're right Steve and his daughter And as somebody who knows the name of the daughter That was Ed's first wife Oh, and I know you're really excited about it Oh, yeah The reason I'm doing this now is because You'll probably be begging us to do an hour or two On Upstate New York tomorrow I comparison And maybe even a couple of hours on sports Yeah, well Mobile in Boca, hello Oh, Neil Yeah Good afternoon Good, you up there, if I had done I beg you pardon I say how how's things going for you Everything I could put me better Alright, that's wonderful We like hearing from happy people sir Well, I got a little bit of a lot of calls from Boca Yeah, Boca's a heck of a chill Yeah, I know it's a great Stripped shopping center's man Fantastic It's better than oral sprites Anyway, I have a little time to start with I think you'll get a kick out of it Yeah This is the famous kind of called Win for Village Have you heard enough? Oh, yeah, once you twice, yeah Once they've been the parents there Yeah, good to hear you And we had one of the mugs to give away Okay, what do you want to see? One of the mugs They didn't, sir Let me just tell you the rest of the story Very briefly they descended upon me Like I was given away $100 I was given away And when the last one disappeared They disappeared just as rapidly as they had come Was like the birds in Alfred Hitchcock You know, all of a sudden they all descended and they disappeared And I have a one-demog they didn't even know what they were But they knew they were free sir And that's what was big and win more Anyway, that's a quick story My parents used to live over Not wonderful development And my father still works And he came back to the kind of day one day from work And he went over to that community Recreation area with him The community pool and the hot tub and the spawn All that stuff The community and him a bandty Yeah, whatever Well anyway, he jumped into that hot tub And a woman ran over and said You have to get out of there immediately Because the sign on the wall says Everyone must shower before they enter the hot tub And he said, well you know something You're right, I apologize Next time I come down here I will be sure to shower And she stepped three steps into the hot tub And she said, if you don't get out now and shower I will urinate right into this hot tub Great Yeah, that's the true story And all of the holes she did She urinated in the hot tub About win more And I hope she's listening Because lady you're crazy My parents moved out of there I just graciously I was like that I just I hate to go out of there Well let me ask you a question Was that enough to get him out? Did he get out? He probably won't be warm to water up a little more He probably stayed in Good thing get out How do you think they get those tubs hot at win more sir? I don't know Oh lady, see you There you go I don't know Anyway, I'm a great day I love you Thank you, sir Why does the store have all these people seem to be satisfied No, no, no No complaints They're not hostile toward you You're only a sour push We had was at one old bag today That called two different times for Mike Disney Who's called the talk show line This is a big general manager And other than that, everybody seems to be happy Oh no No complaints The people never call you so many of them You know they only You know that Oh yeah, they don't have the balls to say It's your face They've got to find that opening that I talked about And then we're on their way in there I just ripped the door open So that they can do their thing And if somebody invites them to do it Oh yes You know orchestrates that He gives them an opportunity to vent their Splene nature Take advantage of that Especially Well, it's in B that is it made Don't forget Steve has to hear it 106 to WIOD We have an open line in Palm Beach As we start our fourth and final hour And a wonderful Thursday It's just a Glad to be alive ladies In gentlemen, tickled it out Happy is a pig and stop And then Palm Beach number If you move real fast It's 655 WIOD 655 946 Throttle heavy Let's do guest That we have set up for the next three months During the last break We decided we probably ought to have some very very heavy guests Now is the sink and float lady on the floor I think it's the first one on the list You be in the point she was the first one on my list Was the sink and float lady Well, I'm interested in And if I could probably get a big tune in Audience at WynnMorge Just the guy mentioned it just in the last hour Probably got a gigantic call in audience from WynnMorge We have the sink in the last hour No question Now we're going to be doing a show on brain surgery For seniors which is going to be very excited It's coming up a week from Wynn's day Let's start this hour and four Lotterdale, hello Welcome to you Yeah, I don't Okay Listen, I was listening to you Show this morning What I was wondering What a little upset He had a setting what is morning Yeah, but But I'm trying to figure out Okay, you're trying to articulate that I'm sticking up Yeah, I get a little nervous when I speak You know the question, a lot of pressure I just want you to know that Get a king Get a balloon, get a bet And I don't think you should let these two things get you upset Okay sir, I'll take your advice Why don't you have an WIOD Enough of butt-looking already Okay, it's Palm Beach is not there it goes It's take a while You really can't tell for sure Because you know how they ring alternately No, they really do And I still haven't gotten used to that One day I guess I will get used to that But they like Flick a little bit and then they stop In fact Palm Beach When Palm Beach stops It stops for good like now Flick your jaws a little bit And then it just stops Because a lot of the people when they're calling in Palm Beach They expire, you're not cold, are you? I know I'm okay Okay I can see my breath But that's alright, it's not distracting I'm just trying to get you in the morning I just want your head It's so cold, why I came in this morning Do I look cold? It was, and you know I like it cold But he had it so cold that you could That water would have frozen It's on a table right there I mean because I'm trembling a little bit Do you get the impression? I thought maybe it was those calls I did it too It was, that abuse Yeah Okay, that Palm Beach line Let me give the number one more time Because we never give up I don't know why we just never give up on it line 655 Wiodd For Lauderdale Hello Hello, Neil Yeah Hi Have you heard about the over-contest From the oil illustration And the Midwest No Well I thought that would be my being interested You know? They do it both I'll be sure Yeah, I'll be sure Oh yeah They do it by, you know It's fine to what you said Albe like it was one name Somehow Albe and Albe sure It seemed like two different people Albe seems like he might be from Milton Florida somewhere Albe, personally That's like a distant cousin All right Well anyway, they do it by how you sound And how you look That might be a problem for him And you know And how you do the pelvis The pelvis Yeah Okay, listen I have a wonderful day and all of that stuff Okay, one-on-one in Wiodd You know who is this note from? That's from you And you're giving this to me like it's your serious I just spoke to him Steve, what are you speaking for? What are you like the mediator now? Steve said he stuck up for me And I showed you yesterday Did not hear the show this morning Well the last part is neither here or there But as I said, when you give people five and ten minutes To bash and rehash and say basically the same thing over and over again And rip people And then you say up but you know in you defended That's so it doesn't do the job Here he comes he's walking that hallway right now And it's just I don't want to rehash Because we did a whole traumatic first hour It's ten minutes past one at Wiodd We have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three We had a couple of people today And they didn't even bash anybody But they just it seemed to me that that's where they were going And I just stopped him at the past and I said have a wonderful day But Steve just entered the room right now He's got an emotional look on his face He's wiping washing his hands with holy water So that means obviously we have a serious moment coming up No, what's going on? No I walked in the door Everyone told me we were attacking me Oh, isn't it attacking you? I was telling you When you were making trouble I was telling it You told him I was attacking me? Yes, he said you knew got on and was attacking me No, I didn't attack you I was just pondered to the attack on us That took place for four hours yesterday on your show I really thought it was a lot of nasty calls You're looking at me that way for it You got a lot of nasty calls because you let it go on See, I really believe that if you don't because I get like we had one little while ago Why did you talk about your show? I don't want to talk about it and I hung up on it I love it They have to You don't like it so much I love it If I'm doing it to somebody like Alice who's on another station I don't like it when it's with me or with him I mean it calls about the bird yesterday We've got to an epidemic where we're all old There are people we don't want listening any more I understand I don't want it I said that to you guys Are you angry at me too? I didn't hear it Oh, I heard it I heard it I was a great call What's there complain about me? Basically The topic of the show wasn't you and Neil At the time we talked about talk radio So this movie is today And we got But nobody saw it I don't know I don't know Who we're talking about the nature of the business It's stuff like that The nature of the show is not a bad show I thought it was an abortion Of course you're against abortion So you should be against it Very against abortion But I'm not into that And it's happened so many times Maybe I'm getting to the point where I just I'm saturated with it Because it's happened on a lot of shows That's just yours Or you need to show A few weeks ago Don't you love when people attack you And I love that When I was not on my favorite And not on my favorite Other stations is fine But on the favorite parts of your show When people call up to attack me Have always been But they don't let him do that here Well you know But I mean I What I'm trying to say I like it when they hear that on this show Yeah you're a little bit down there Yeah, call now and again But if I was not there I was just dragged Because it became the topic Well I don't want to I became the topic of the whole show See whenever they have the opportunity And it never ended I said this morning Like the old WGBS I mean every misfit caller That was ever invented Well I feel a lot of people I think a lot of these people have to be straight And now because they don't understand They're not going to be straight What do you do? Well they're not going to be straight But they're all listening right now Including siding insurance It's gone It's gone It's as they continue to say It's not I don't do the show For the call as they do it for the listeners And I think that people are confused You know in many ways between what you do and what I do I don't think so I don't think I don't think they're confused That all I think that the people who hate me with a pattern And there are many of them A scene is those opportunities to pretend that they're confused Or pretend they don't understand Or whatever it is But the bottom line In fact, I was a classic point Which is why I called right after that call Because he started out if you remember And he said well There's no question you guys do two different shows Neil is one show you do another show But that bird that cackling and he had a bubble And then by the end of the call Because science is a very emotional angry man I don't know what is problem He's got some problems And he gets hostile And his blood pressure rising by the end of the call I'm not disgusting Phil, that's it And he was talking about I must say you know I must say you know I didn't know the word I didn't know I didn't know these kind of things Ballad if they do I won't let him go on the air All they do Tremendous well I think The poor it will not all happen The same trough It will not walk in evidence of that We're all not happening I think you like to like I like it No I don't I like to hear it on another station But let's get a serious thing that I heard on the way in here You know that this business Just when you think you got it made And everything said that was the serious Well I missed that Oh okay I'm talking about the law We didn't pay it to the monologues I was going to move the moblacitor Would have been delighted I want to see a movie this morning Oh Debbie does a Davy No this is a thing you should be sure to miss call The I missed the long doubt What was that one last night? Games would movie Oh miss is to be burning Ah Great Sounds like a good idea On the livable film Unbelievable film But I forgot that Title I blocked out the title of the thing with James with the story So I'll be there to miss the movie Really made it a pleasure Oh it was the way If it hadn't been for If it hadn't been for the critics and the audience And there's sarcastic remarks that would have been painful But anyway what is it? Is it a show about Zitz? No it's a show about drugs And James would place it. It's awful It's time I got to remember the the opera The helper Something They know by the way At the toy out of Hollywood They told me the other day that they have a small new vehicle Coming out of the thinking and put it on the market That you could actually drive in James Woods You can actually get right on there And Zitz would be like I have something serious to discuss Can I get to it? Just when you think you've got it made in this business And all of a sudden I figure out That's bringing along and all of a sudden I'm up against Jeff Charles again I tried We're so hard We're getting away from this I mean it's going to be destroyed My career People who want to hear our material from the previous two hours It will be turning Lee on and known Those late rises I mean but going up against Charles with that point Oh oh oh Whatever that he had He would have been a much better life than over here You do know that Oh yeah How are I? Well I told him I said you know But I said if we can't get Jeff we'll settle for now I think they're probably ought to give it a six Over there don't you That's two for Miller Two for Fowler and some for Charles What happens though The Well I'ma said somebody give me a trouble I was going to say the best guy at the station What's happening to I mean next to Lee The best guy at station Dick Farrow What happened to Dick? I think I know Yeah I think I see his history He must be out I can't but I'll probably start at a big thing I've had a century village up there And now you Because they did the same thing to poor John Brown I don't know what you're listening I don't know what you're listening Now you go up against Fowler I know That's the word we've already conceded Just when we thought we had the whole market right in the palm of our hand So anyway these miserable misfits that you had on yesterday Since you're trying to do well It won't know I'm telling you it won't happen again Anybody attached to our circle Neil doesn't want to hear this But let him call here and invite them to call here Because it's amazing except for one old bag who is wonderful A who called a day who was calling allegedly from Mr. Disney Not for on the call-in line Which is generally the way you do it call a talk show line To get the general manager And she even called a second time But hung up before we could get her mouth to start moving But I'll have met everybody seems happy They don't hate him today And they just, um Well you're gonna, you know These were just a bunch of mouth misfits That is correct Right The GBA Why make you deal with me? I won't permit those cause I might be all well today I don't need people to attack me because I like I will permit those maros please I would like that You will like that I love it, I love it I mean you can defend me like I did No, no, no If it's a, if you believe it I mean I wouldn't want you to gratuitously But it wouldn't be any fun doing that If they say something like that If I agree with them would make it all dark No, no, no, no I mean if you gotta say what you really feel like I do How do you like that? But I think it was, I think it was this guy you were talking about Who's the guy you were talking about The insurance guy Who kept saying that I was being nice to you just because you worked here Yeah, you got like, you got really me every day Yeah, there was the man was calling me a wire I've got to see me every day In that show about talk radio We'll turn into a bash Neil Rogers show Yeah And that's what he raised in the fire show That come early great entire show Where I was at topic And I didn't want to hear it The more they bash you or me or whatever That he was not said anymore Because I don't have good concentration I'd already have more And he's very big in a concentration I mean how long do they get you to show it last Badging early I mean you know I can be fine I wouldn't have five minutes I can't just stay in it I've tried but after the first two or three minutes Well that's what I'm saying Because once you see one death camp you've seen it Right And once you've lost a sock What can you say? I tell you one thing you ought to get it Bring it together with that Weirdo that you had on the phone I whacko Which is it? The one from California that Nazi law Oh, right What would that be? What did you read program Why didn't I think of it And Ernie could say I've been there I've seen it like How did the body You know and he would have been Belish it as you went along Because he's got a wild imagination They should have brought it up He's a being credible He is a real student of the Holocaust I mean not just a student but I think he lives it You don't want to mean I'm talking with the idea of doing Show with René R. when he goes home Ernie's wife War night When he goes home and tortures his wife And I turn on the gas And it's still That's getting a little bit carried away But he can't help but he lives it You know you're having Lori Well I was thinking what Is this still a new formative in the Oh Mrs René R. Mrs René R. Mrs Sotchen and Lori On the top of that What it's like to be married to Torchah I thought that would be cute Well why would you have her own He's well this I don't know what to say How can you be so cruel It's a 19 is Wiod and I'm Saturday The 14th of January We will be at Toyota Hollywood's on the good day On the good day On the good day On the good day On the good day This is a turning trauma To here all of a sudden Twenty two minutes past one Why the day At Wiod Quite a day Why For sure Everybody's just Pulling it Well anyway We're in a lot What happened all of a sudden I don't understand what happened We're all just sitting here Okay We got somebody on a pay phone And Broward Hello Hi Hi You all are beautiful Strive out of old people The other day I was sitting Eating lunch You know long-gerned silver And when I parked my new truck I left plenty of spaces on the other side of it And behind me it was lightning You have to move behind me There's about ten spaces There was no cars This was on senior eating this lady And all the four decided to pull in Next to mine and take off half the side of my truck And it was just a pack up And it started to leave a parking lot And then decided It must have been hungry So I think I should pull back in and park And I went out there And I said Why did you do that? You know, just 400 other spaces Why did you have to try and squeeze next to my truck? Yeah Well I usually park in that space everyday Was your answer Ah That's your private time I think probably if you would like Peter and Amy on the end of it there That would be a good idea So I went out and I was like Space Mountain somewhere She was really close I don't know She just sees the walk right past me And go in and order her lunch And get it And sit down there The people there's a lot of There's about four people in restaurants So I do this also So they called me How bad was it? $900 You know I was like You were probably like infringing over A little part of her space No Because next to me and the other side Was a wide handicap space So I always park a little Close to that because those spaces are real big Yeah, you go dry or mac trucking those Yeah, exactly And you know I just struck a mind's only six months old And it's a Broncos They're like $19,000 And so I'm trying to take care of it And so the guy at the restaurant told me She comes in every day And And as a real payment back And she sits in this one booth Only And this somebody happens to be in this So go up and ask them to leave Ah As she sits in park So she's here What is she ever in the Gever name on a booth too? I don't know I mean they wish they could get rid of this one So So eventually the lady who's also called earlier Got her a 610 frozen on a random doll And he is one station too Quick, go on a radio So the police are finally come More cycle police And she won't go out to talk to him So he has to come in and sit with her And she says why and do that Wasn't even there you know And meanwhile my black paint's all over the front of her car And so he gets her ticket And finally gets the information And the witnesses know all that And she decides I think she has insurance which surprised me To know him And she said well I want to pay I want pay insurance to know about this And I'm sure you probably don't Because the people of the restaurant probably She doesn't drive me to law And she took a way or why Wonder why And Is she casually After that got up in finish to learn and throw home And the old good friend about it Well she did give me a check the other day And was good And I touched me in 6 now But this lady does not belong on the road Yeah, well And with a lot of time My grandfather is 91 Yeah And 6 months ago he got a 6 year license in the mail Actual You know And he drives he's a pretty tough old guy But you don't want his man on the road And you certainly don't want to be And how does take him do this? Very easy. It's called incompetence And he's called incompetence And well listen I wish you the best of luck And stay out of that diner Okay I know it's spaces now And I'm sure that I can Ah, yeah Good luck 125 WioD We have an open line in Broward 5249463 Miami Hello Hi Gang Yeah I was up at the Sky Lake Mall If you week sicker No, one of you sound a little depressed No, there was a movie there It's called Dominic and Eugene Oh yeah, I heard about them My mother saw it And my mother's comment on Rainman Which infuriated me She said It was a little long Oh And that was all she had to say The acting was good but was a little long Like like an egg timer You know when you go into movie It should be an hour and a half And at the end of the hour and a half A little alarm should go off to wake you up And then it's time to go home You know when you killed a couple of hours But you're perfect But we can't expect mother Rogers to be perfect Yeah, right I'm a perfect idiot Right Anyway There was a song who was starting up There was a fool who was seen in Dominic and Eugene You know it You know it's a few bars There was a scene There was Can I say this? An excited kidter Brand through the crowd Really? Yes They were It was a very recognizable The crowd And they were very few And the crowd There were under 65 I believe Haha No They were They laughed along with the movie The way the rest of the people Really Of course if I play that song It may be up a question right No very few are You guys got a violent local minority That are just You smoke God knows why they love you so much Really Yeah And Glenn your semi-wanderful Thank you sir Okay sir Have a life in Don't bother call us again Okay Jackass 127 and Wiod I don't have any idea what his story was We have an open line in date I think that I said it Or am I illusion it There's a cut very confusing there It's like I don't know what just happened No feeling me I was visiting somebody in a hospital And they wouldn't let her in And Steve went running out And there's no emergency I don't want you but it's panic But it was just strange I don't think we got through to Steve at all I think he was rather oblivious Am I wrong? That's Steve I think he was a little oblivious The point I was trying to make It's not like I'm thin-skinned And I don't want people to rip it And we got an air Because it goes on all the time It's a topic for a show Especially on this station Yeah I don't think he you're right I don't think he's the other message It's just like it's a gratuitous kind of thing And if I don't want him to do it he won't do it anymore It's not the point It's just not only that it wasn't in the least bit entertaining Because it was the same thing over and over again You know it's just different variations On the same thing But they all sounded the same And it was basically the same thing Either I'm disgusting and growtask They don't like me Or you're a cackling idiot And they've been listening to me for years Now I don't know where they just came from This is part of this AM crowd again And lost this for years But what about the year that I was on a INZ And the daytime from 10 to 2 Doing the same stuff That's what I don't understand Huzzled at that Because you were there most of that time We're doing the same kind of stuff Even wilder and wackier and whatever And they just it sucked And their minds that never happened Turn me head any further on your show Rogers Any what? But you could have... There's a substance in his culture But federal law prohibits us from naming the OK It begins with an S 132 OK Rogers Yeah OK Rogers Yo, I'm sorry, well Mr. Macho This is one of those guys go down to the wrestling Everyone's denied And watch as a bunch of pansies and tights Running around tumbling and grappling with each other in a ring Mr. Macho 751 Wiod and Thade We have an open line there If you move quick and game with our last wonderful collar It just came out But see if it was such a good mood Until we had that little episode a few minutes ago Where we rehashed all of this good stuff We don't have any substance on this show So we talk about nothing but probability and foolishness Non-sense And that's what it is And if you don't like it you can stick it in your ear OK? Or wherever else it might fit My Macho friend Anyway It's 133 April War the Mistany by now And we don't want that got it tuned out now Because one of the things that all the Macho guys do And April comes over to headlines Right Immediately grasp their crotch Mm-hmm And then they get up and they run out And the hallway and all the women who are crotch watchers They will have something to look at OK so anyway April is here to stimulate the minds The brains of our intellectuals and the audience It will come right back Yeah This one that's a little off Happy day I think if I could be fantastic to cue this up Back to the beginning I got a wait for it And then play both of them at the same time Yeah Yeah Of course, God only knows how much of this is done Or 30 seconds Alright, well wait 136 let's go to Miramar Hello Hi Neil Hi I'm a first time caller I met you at the Ice Cream Shop There last year I'll be darned You'll a Ice Cream Shop that isn't there anymore That isn't there anymore Yeah they really knew their business Didn't they? There was no one in there Yeah they had no clue They had no clue Well I wanted to call and tell you that I have enough substance in my life In other ways And I'd love to share because it is for a lesson Doesn't have any substance Yeah and we don't claim to have any substance I mean if you show claims to be substantive And really tackle all the issues And there's nothing there then you can rip it But we don't make any claims to have any substance This is not this is escape This is total escape It is and it's wonderful escape Everybody needs to escape I know I sure do So all people need to escape They just don't know it Well I wish they would Oh God I'll go home and pray And I'd like to say to me a third plan That yesterday I heard the show yesterday And I wanted to say to Greg that I identify with him I feel like that he is like one of the audience out there And he can respond to you and laugh like we would laugh That said I just laugh He makes me laugh It's not fake It's not funny Well I still like that I did I really identify with you And I miss seeing you at the ice cream shop last year Oh I was there one time He was in one time He was inside which was his first mistake And he got the squeeze by pressure of the crowd I'll put up against the ice cream What would you call it thing the With the cold He got squeezed up against the counter And just surrounded squash And with the cold Yes What the ice cream Yeah Yeah I bet Well that's what I wanted to tell you about Did I love you show and it's just an escape for me Thank you It was a nice tinkle And you didn't even do it in the hot tub Have a nice day Thank you One thirty eight and WIO date is an open light and brown Or if you move real fast now five to four WIO date on your heavy substance station We have more substance on issue and if you got a big shovel man Just you can collect it Okay So we got that all straightened out This rich man he is just I mean you ought to be like my bodyguard Or something like that with netty unique That would be incredible Yeah That's the word In fact you know when the girl from the AP came this morning I thought I was driving in and I heard Mike and Henry were talking about her being here And I thought wouldn't it be fun if you post for the picture in order that you were me I would be tremendous you could have been all over the country Yeah Yeah This was when I was doing hurricanes baseball for Channel 33 a couple of years ago And that was at the time when rich bought up 700 pounds of food from Palennes And I said you know I would love to eat but not while we're on television But everybody else picked up And I had been invited and never came off anyway But I have been invited by What was it from the Harold some reporter Not Lucy Cooper but some other restaurant lady from the Harold She wanted me to eat at war was it the rice All the roundtable on Hell and Dale Beach and all of our viewers post a meat there And as it turned out it never materialized But we had it all set up and then rich chicken out at the last never materialized But we had it all set up and then rich chicken out at the last minute But he was going to go there and present himself as me And she was going to have a photographer with her and they were going to write a thing about me And restaurants and a rascal house and hell and Dale and the old people and this and it And what about one of the great putons and history and of course you know I would just love to give a little stilt to the hair after what they've done to me over the years But it just never quite came off But there's always an next time Port of Miami Good afternoon Uncle Neil Are you coming or going? My coming well at the Penns of Penn Witch and we're talking about Exactly Anyway it's just been a long time since I talked to an old former co-worker And a long time listener Really? I get one gift I don't have any idea what is it Stewart Ellie Oh my god Well I guess that answers that first question for me Now did they use to call you boy wonder years ago Uh, seventy-five Among many other things yeah Yeah, I remember when you were boy wonder Hi, yeah Yeah, the girl You kids been what a incredible show What does that mean? Boy, I thought yeah There's a dumb stride side at Lake Penn Lot of few people Uh-huh But no, I just called to say hello and it's been a long time Sure, yes That's the girl you kids up and around What are you doing these days Stewart? I hope you got out of this business No, I hate to tell you I got back into it in May Oh god I'm working for the former study Fox radio station Oh yeah Yeah Why? It won't be sunny over there in the mornings anymore Well, I won't elaborate on that But uh Sunny will be alright I'm working part-time full-time there Great And uh You're like kind of the Johnny Dolan of while 100 Uh, she thinks Neil Well, how was it? Not Johnny's over here at GTR He's a good guy, he shows up everywhere He just won't go away, you know Oh, he's a survivor It's probably been three stations in 14 years I mean that's pretty good That's all over the place But Anyway, good to hear you And Glenn And uh Good luck with everything Thank you Stewart You're up a little bit, will you talk about that? I'll try Okay, enjoy your lady Bye Bye Stewart Elliott He was also at the ice cream store What game-buy? Yeah, yeah That's right Yeah, yeah So the last lady you called We met at the ice cream store And Stewart Elliott we didn't meet him But he came by the ice cream store And I was about to say And I got sidetracked that the best promotions that we ever did Were the ones that had nothing to do With I and Z or Zeta The best things were the ones that Stan and I did Spontaneously It was two or three at the ice cream store And it was funny because we just used to start Well, we're a whole bunch of reasons why we started going over there That little girl Michelle was working there And they were all Brian and that other kid working there We just happened to be fantastic young people who looked very good And we've always said that looking is not the sin And we used to joke about that And then all of a sudden it developed into like a cult thing And we started hanging out over there and meet a lot of listeners And then we announced formally And I never forget that we either the first night No, the second time The first night was in the rain Yeah, legitimately I was there That was the second night Because it was pouring rain The night I was there And there were these 2,000 people And you were just jammed inside I never did get inside that Now you couldn't get anywhere near the inside I was surrounded crushed up against the ice cream cup Yeah, it was like a stormy August night There had been tornado warnings in the city Yeah, it had tornadoes And it was just pouring Har, horrendous night Yeah, and I go up there to the water hill And there's like 2,000 people I know it was in this unbelievable The shopping center Yeah, in a strip shopping center That's in receivership Yeah, dead The ice cream store is long since been out of business And most of the places in a place I've been out of business And then we did the one where we drove up into Ferrari That wasn't there that night Dave drove me up into Ferrari And Beth was there that night Oh boy, everybody's quite an occasion And she was rubbing up against Dave and trees Dr. Death, Dr. Death, Dr. Death So we haven't heard from him in a long time He's got his act together And not that we're complaining I mean we just hope he's well and he's out there Then we have to call, we're sure he's fine A 144 at WIOD But anyway, the ice cream store is in front of the gate Yeah, well, it was night It was chaotic And I like that one It's a little bit chaotic The only one that the station did They really turned out with a huge turnout Was it the Broward Mall? No, not the foam place Now you're going to say the teller That was incredible And also at the zoo, remember that? And nobody could find us I pivotly And they were very hostile about that The station, good bye We had this big day out there We had the concert and Richard Marks We had a big time, bye bye bye bye But we went out there and froze our buns on By the way, I mean it was freezing And they had us under this little tent And they put us in a place where nobody could find us It all and then the next morning We had all these people calling you Saying we drove all the way down there And it was when a Metro zoo is like going to the South America I mean it's in the middle of nowhere And we couldn't find you And nobody knew where anything was going on Remember the wind whipping through there They had it Why it was yes Oh, freezing Good Absolutely freezing up on a little platform And under that tent And some of the people came by one way We were a little sour that day We were signing those pictures By the way, those pictures Have we were supposed to get Okay, let's go to Lauderdale Hello Hi Hi I just my first time listening to you Really? Yeah Well, that is shock Fridivine Listen to every day At work You right? And I went to Carmen and turned But I'm listening to him I'm listening to you guys really And he got your joke You're great But he turned me on to you guys What is this guy's first name? I've been stated Oh David, oh David, oh David David is a real douchebag Yeah Great Okay, well I was a good colleague One, four, six, I got it One, four, six, a double I told David Oh, that's a huge crowd I think he's probably out there confused I'm wondering why she's hearing that Dial tone in the phone right now And I realized it was your first time Okay, but there are certain words You know that we would prefer avoiding Assiduously avoiding Like the one that you said I started with an S You know we can't say that Oh, there are occasions when we were like That was happy, you know She was having a good time Oh yeah So probably four sheets to the wind Anyway, it's 146 at WID But anyway, it's 150 at WID And moving right along What were we just talking about there during the break Just before we came back I had something devastating But I wanted to say Okay, I must have been really important Now we got a pay phone here Some really big information on big breasted oriental women Hey, have a done Okay You've been doing a good deal You've been doing some real deal I know I'm sorry about that But the host is over there And Denny's been biggest breast You can imagine it from China I mean certainly Really? Yeah, for real But anyway, it's the first time Call it a long time listener Yeah, in fact I was in at same Denny's a few weeks ago And even have it a little thing in a menu Which is under the chicken items It says the biggest breast in town Oh no doubt Yeah Okay, we're going to check it out All right, so how's it going? Fantastic We're having a wonderful day And a best part of it is it's almost over No doubt, man Okay, you have it I like you guys And I don't care if it's a Bleng, you know, cockles or whatever you do You guys make a good team You know what I'm saying? Damn right Okay, bye Bye 151 at WIW do you just had a report on a Chinese Was she a waitress? Did he say? Yeah, Denny That Denny's in Hallendale It was got enormous breast According to this young man It's been doing some very, very heavy reasons So to speak Ponderous, dangerous ponderous, really Really is that lady that was out there Because I can't see she is Marcy She is Marcy from the... Oh, that's horrible She's a nice lady What kind of step is breaking? Hell is breaking loose on this story Really? You were at the Sunday today's show This morning nationwide No, I was not aware of that So today it is I mean we're getting more and more USA today today Oh, great Yes, I saw that I saw that Today's show is a long, long story So even at the risk of calling people You know, stereotyping and calling people old-farts So I would say that this is definitely an old-farts story And it's, you know, the epitome of everything That's wrong in this community Is that we have too many people of that mindset Who want to be miserable and hostile And nasty, you have no heart, no compassion You just want to lock themselves away With people of their own hateful mentality And shut the world out Well, it's an interesting, it's more subtle And that because there are, you know, you keep talking about Heather at the old-fart mentality And then there are older people who are nice decent And there are many others So real division at viewpoint And they have field of the slate of compassionate people They run for the board, the selection is in the next few weeks And we're talking to all the folks at the viewpoint And I just have really nice and compassionate people out there And with any kind of look We're hoping to get the new slate voted in And I could just a handful of stubborn old-farts But there's, you know, that are, or not, or not The man said this morning on the today's show He said they're not asking them to change And he rules everything He says all they want And the other day they're in the way they sell the condesons That's correct and also there is a thing in the bylaws That says that the board of directors Without threatening the adult status of the community Can vote in a hardship case to let one child in Without endangering the adult status of the community Which is what we're trying to do So it'll be interesting to see what happens All they're asking for is just a little understanding Compassion, the actual words There's a whole group of people over there We just can't find it That's exactly what they're all saying And of course the law, once we make the first exception We'll have a whole bunch of noisy little kids Oh yeah, they talked to these neighbors And saying it's not our problem just because they have kids We don't care But there are a lot of very, listen, I've heard more and more The people that live out of the viewpoint that are real nice people And I think we're going to hopefully we've got to hope they're in a majority That's all we're going to go out tonight and try to talk to them Talk to the reason Okay, that's coming up at 2 Jamie will be here in Jill and Lynn and Marcius here Unfortunately, the other side has declined to appear I correct Oh yeah, they won't come on the show They won't talk to Maggie Sharon on the phone Alpha Oggie is just in hiding It was fascinating though Then the day that you were given the number out And then we gave it out the next day that they were That the same old toy About our lawyer is going to be calling you And that is that these people from calling here So on and so forth, you know, people have a right of free speech within reason As long as it's not harassment Exactly, I'm hoping this thing will I don't usually get involved to this degree in these cases Because usually it's in no one's situation But I have real hope on this case that something can be done Excellent Okay, that's coming up at 2 on a Steve Canchio Let's go to Hollywood, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir I've been studying this question of the people that have a radio That only has one station on it Yeah, the frozen dial syndrome Yeah, but actually it's true that If I thanks an actress coming out in movie with the Henry Fonda Pretty soon it's a sequel to the China syndrome It's called a frozen dial syndrome And which is going to be brainwashed in nursing a WOLD It's kind of like a spin off on the mentoring and candidate It's time all those in together Well, talk about nostalgia But during the 30s and not these issues are radio to the people in Germany We've only had one station Yeah, and my guess is that those radios have picked up at a fire sale Around here to be sold to the old people Yeah, I would be surprised and if he finds out about it It really would be picked out, tell you Well, you guys, it's a new episode Let's you know if I find any of those radios And you've done great commercial one other thing You do commercials for char-hut and for new persistent That is correct Well, not at the same time Well, yeah, that's what I had in mind Because I can hardly get into the char-hut At Hollywood now it's so crowded with your listeners And I see a lot of stylish women there Carrying the new persistent approach towards Does that tell you something? Right, I'll see if you lose enough You can afford to go over there and cheat over to every non-ess Well, yeah, I'm going to have to get the new persistent Before I try to get in that door again Okay, that's what Fat Rich is doing Before he tried to get into the door in Hollywood And I couldn't do it now, was nobody in the story But that's another story Now, Linda is going to hear in the building I haven't seen her yet Scwind on the phone Okay, let's go to Miami Hello Hello Yeah, he had never been to the ice cream store I'd do hang out with a baseball card shop at Homestead though Great, watch, do you go be down to see another Yeah I'd like time for an early story Sure, anything you like, long you don't bash him too hard No, no, no I will make an exception in his case I think to go, Ernie started the show right after the cop killing And spent the first hour just pouring his heart out Pouring his heart out on the subject Just done control and this and that And the first callary took the little old lady And she said, how long are you? Did you ever solve the toilet paper? Yeah, I would pay right in no question about it Ernie was speaking for the first time in his life Well, see that's called from the school of wishful thinking A lot of those old farts would like to need the toilet paper Most of them have no use for it Because they haven't had a good VM in months You know, in years some of them, but you know, they can always hope Well, it happens everybody Well, there's life there's hope Well, good luck That wish is an happening Thanks a lot Yeah, that's her niece Maroza Matter of fact where there's life there's hope And to believe me, if you listen to me, we'll show along And I'll figure a little bit of each North Miami Beach, yellow Yeah, Neil, you made the hell of their judges Page 58 Neil Rogers was throwing down poprated talk show Yeah, carrying tongue weight Terrific, while it's interesting, it's caring never spoke to me But from what I understand there are things in there which we can't discuss on the year But it's always good to have it in a hell and they'll digest Because that's one of my favorite papers So we know they'll see it They used to send it to me every week at the Or just another one of those things are clogged up the mail box Thank God, they haven't discovered we're here yet Or I'll tell you, he don't have the postage Good