The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neo Rogers, a new song Radio 610 WIOD. It's the VAM221. Hi, V. He is still the most bigots. I'm so cold, I'm never, I'm not. Thank you. Who is it? It's me, slowest and production there who's one of the common biggest fans. Oh, they're one of the rock. Okay, now why not? What was that other while weekend? That was Tom Shannon's theme song that you guys ripped off the rock and rebels on Swan Records? Well, I was as close. They never got a dime. No, it's Tom. He's never got a dime. He threw them over. You know, Tom and Tim were record a rest in my room last year. What is that half to do? Notice how he changes his style. Because he's talking about ripping off recording. I heard it was either ripped off too, but it was released about three different times. It's sold over a million copies. Oh, he's not selling remissive. He's your Mr. Mr. Miss Information. It's not a million seller. You're wrong. The guy who owns that company lives down here. Bernie Bennett. If he's listening right now, he owns Swan Records. He brought the Beatles to this. Well, anyway, whatever it's sold, they never got a dime for. You're the biggest of my fourth. Yeah, it had a dime. They made about 80,000 sales I think it was. I'm a never got it. They know that right from one of the members of the group, Tony D. Maria, who's working in some little douchebag bar in Buffalo now, freezing his ass off. Well, he's hit all the chicken wings he wants. Okay. What is this? What is it? You know, I'm getting the feeling that my show is on hiatus or they hate us. Which is it? Anyway, let me read this because you're ready to be for you. Have no credibility. Starting today at five o'clock, the W.I.D. Raving radio will be a Bayfront parking or the World's largest Christmas tree to collect clothing, canned food and money for the Camille's house. And they'll be open five o'clock tonight. No to midnight tomorrow on Sunday, five to midnight Monday through Wednesday of next week and then 10 o'clock on the midnight when we do our show. Next Thursday live over there. And we'll be also selling the cassettes for 20 bucks and up. And also those two orange bull tickets. There are the guts. I think you're part where are they? Where are they? They're in the hands of the appropriate people. Would you want one? Yeah, heard that you gave 20 bucks. If I want to see it, I don't want to take it home. Okay, if even has W.I.D. and the best in the year, it still looks pretty fancy fancy. And don't forget, if you get your cassette, it's on both sides. Okay, there's 15 minutes on each side. So don't feel like we're short changing you and get all his steric. Okay. Now you do this every year. Come on. Yeah. This is like your pet charity. That's correct. This is getting the biggest year so far. It will be. We raised 38,000 last year. And this year we got 22 almost and we got two weeks to go. So we'll do 50 easy. You're not like your emotional and off the money. No, we don't. That's a great part about Camel's house. It all goes direct over there. And there's no middle man and no, we don't back to by time. And I don't like that stuff. That's bad. Anyway, here's a mobile that was desperate enough to call from Boko who says, Hi Neil. That's pretty good in it. Yeah. How you doing today? Excellent. Well, I got a question. I live up in point. I didn't want to say I figured Boko would sound a little better than point. Because nobody ever calls for point. We like bointin better than Boko. Be honest. All right. Well, I'm from bointin. That's where I'm from. Good. Anyway, I just got a real quick question for Joey. If Joey, your show may have may have stayed on the air. If they would have only advertised your face on those little papers that go on the trays and wind these? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Do you remember that? Yeah, I hear you do. Did you ever eat it when you just follow like throwing up your scene and looking at it? You know, people were losing their meal outside. And people were from ladies to side. There wasn't two appetizers. You kind of like staring back at you. Yeah. I quit eating it when he's when that thing was on there. Yeah. But anyway. It was for an arrest. Yeah. Anyway, you guys got a good show. You guys do sound good to get. Oh, don't. Oh, hi. You sound bad. You sound bad. I mean, I think that because you know, it's not a stand. It's not a stand. It's not a stand. It's not a stand. It's not a stand. It's not a stand. When you hear something like this. And we don't want that to happen. I know. I know. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. I'm not showing. God forbid it's Joey. No, no, stand. No, they didn't give money. And he came in yesterday did that tacky thing about it. He'll give one. He'll give two grand to the Camille House. I had. I had about a half of those people say to me yesterday that was the tacky thing that they ever heard. I mean, that was almost as desperate as Joey. Yeah. A second around for a judge. No, no, no, no, no. Don't compare him to no. Don't compare Joey to stand. I'm not. I mean, stand. I'm not that desperate. All right. Okay. Have a great day. One man in WWE, he was. It was tacky as hell, but he's a neurotic because of business does it to you. Don't blame him. It's this business. Nobody's ever blamed. Stand. Everybody gets jerked around in his business. We can all stand like son of Neil because he does whatever you do for the next four hour. He don't do what I do. Okay. Five W.I.O.D. Well, I said he's making up all this crap. I'm trying to defend him against all your why don't you wait till he gets here. You know, we're going to. I said, right to your face, did I said your show sucks and you look like Kale and you're old and did I say that right to you? It's not just do it. I don't want to for person this does that. I mean, no. I mean, I'm a bit of a peo. Right. Walk up to you. You know, words. And here's the second opinion. You know, I mean, why would you say that to someone? You have no idea. You're out of order. Yeah. People are out of order. Listen to yourself. I'm out of order. I mean, when you leave here. I'm out of bounds. When you leave this place, the two o'clock me up. I'll be happy as hell. What can you go home with yourself? Yeah, go home fast and wash off that spot on my neck where you've shmucked all over me. Believe what's your lips? The glycerine. Oh, this man. I'm telling you that the most of Scott, not just a kiss, but like wet and gooey and disgusting. I was the one. Yeah. That is. Oh, my gross. Say that. They grow. Why they speak to you? Okay. Listen, we have an open line in Palm Beach. And six five five. They write it under a message and flip it on the bedroom door. Anyway, we'll come back and continue. I got to do. We're going to the business here, man. We can't show you a very fast thing today. We're going to the right. We're going to the right. Well, why do you look high as for him? I know. I was shameless. You didn't have it. I haven't pushed these people in one direction or other. They're calling in. It's a free country. Can I say, they thought they're going to a home? Yes. Please. That is right. I need it for dinner. I shouldn't say it because Denneburg is getting upset back there. Anyway, the horse raised something too. That's why I'm for your call. It's really nice. Don't go ahead. You're not going to roll now. I just can't hear about the, have you heard about the faith to launch the Earth with a million of them? Thanks. Bye. Yeah. Have a great life. Seriously. Yes. I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for Camilla sauce and Pavlovine. Right. I ran some stuff up there earlier earlier. I'm going to show you the room. I'm going to run some more up. Excellent. I'll see you Thursday at this. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Thank you. If I got contract with WI of the object $4,000 to the Camilla sauce. Double whatever. I got this for WI of the made put a contract out on you. If you keep showing up at the back door and sneaking your way in. What story did you sneak in the front one through the main receptionist? And you said that the nice young girl, the naive young girl up front, you said, well, I was dressed as a chicken and I said I was looking for channel 7. Seriously. What did you say to her? I said I took it to the bathroom. So she'd direct them in your studio. This is it. Here's how I wound up in here. Yeah. It's pretty good. It's getting pretty deep. Yeah. Are we new to? Or is that my, we didn't. Miami. Hello. I knew there was something to miss there. Oh, here's one must be one of your neighbors. Plantation. Oh, no. Yeah. You still got that talent with tips at Mexican. Well, he won't leave. He's waiting for dessert to come in. Are you ready? Fuck it up. He's trying to get it out. It's embarrassing. And that means so obvious. At least he could be a little slimy. Right. It's so damn obvious. It's like a bowl of the Chinese shop like an elephant in my kitchen. You're right. The guy has no talent whatsoever. Well, we know that. This is the given. That's what we saw. Steve Jr. Yeah. Is that it, sir? Yeah, just come to get a job. Stay off the TV and the radio. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Steve. I guess I'm relegated to print now. Did you hear that? Yeah. You could probably work over the Harold. So he's going to be doing some other things. So you can do the TV call. He's been auditioning, hasn't he? For what? To be a national right. And I'm not suggesting this because you're here. Because I said it the other day he's boring. And Stan came in and he got all bent out of the shoes. No, he was great. It was great. The phones were hot. I said, I don't care how hot the phones were. He's boring. I like Jacob. Tom. Yeah. At least pronounced Jacob. Well, and he ripped a holiday show too, but you already said you liked him. No, you're so sucked. He did not say it. Yes, he did. He said your show is an embarrassment under the grace. He just didn't like it. He did. He did. He did never says that. Let's get him on the far. What did he say? What did he say? He said that the show was not performing well. And what was the story? There's a story behind it. He said, oh, yes. I mean, you guys, you see the day he had the big he had the ratings thing. Is it? And your show was in there. And he said, let's just go. No one ever want to run over. I'm just crying about it. No one wants to, you don't even want to know. And quarrying my, don't want to know anymore. You want to beg it up as you go along. All right. Well, listen, we're going to. I was on the air 11 o'clock in the morning with the only local show, the only local show in town. And now we know why. No wait a minute. You know, I'll just for color this to get an audience in Miami on this game Boulevard at nine o'clock in the morning. You're going to go. You're going to pick up the hookers. Yeah. But you know, hard to do. Hard to do. You're going to get women from Toledo. You guys ask you a question. Yeah, what? Channel 10. Big stand. What about it? Big stand. They could bring in their families. They could come and take half of the staff or probably sitting around school and off all day. They could have filled that. We got that. We did that. But the pilots, you don't do that for a regular while. Because you have to do too many of them. And you can't do 80 favors a week. Those are all favors. When I worked at 20th century fast, we screened every movie. Every week. And we brought our family members. Everybody on the staff saw Star Wars on a Wednesday of the week. It was finished. And we all turned the picture down on the Saturday of that week. We brought our kids to see the movie and it was a hit. And you know the rest of the story. I mean, the management has nothing to do with reality. You know that? Look at the way your job is. Yeah. You look at it. You trust these jibones. No. No way. What are you talking about? Although they got you pegged. It's one 21. I don't believe it. You're wrong. I don't know. But anyway, well, if he did, then his mind is just a rip and rough. Rest always is zero. He's my friend. He's my neighbor. He's a guy who's done $4 dollars. He's done those screaming. Carcum or he has. He's made millions of dollars from a two. Yeah. By the way, where's his check? He had a radio source. He was his check. He was a buddy. What a grave or a song. If he gave us 100, then rock out a set over a check. You can't just shake people down. Like you worry about my 20. I'm a nine. We got it. We get it. Yeah. But I like it. We're going to leave. We get it to do with driving and how does you volunteer? Did I practically have to squeeze it out of you for crying out loud? I mean, we kind of got the pass of the basket in church and then look, take them and try to go out of church. Why not? Because I'm an honest person. Oh, come on. Neil, you know, I mean, everybody can't be wrong and you're right. Not everybody is wrong. Well, maybe everybody is wrong. Yeah. But my dog, you're wrong about your show. Oh, now we're back on my show. Well, you just said they can't all be wrong. You're sitting there with a bottle of pelligrin or drinking other bottle. Smoking is a guy. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. Now, here comes a Joey supporter. I can tell. No, you're wrong about that. But he wants it. Everybody can't be wrong. I just wanted to say, um, one day, uh, I was sick at work. I'll be sick at home. I mean, I get to feel a lot here. No, that you haven't recovered. I still said. Accidentally turned on Joey show. And I waited. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You may have the sequence wrong. You were at home. You turned on the show. And then you were said. Sorry, like a guy even sicker. Is it just the worst? Yeah, it is. It was all. You're in like one of those good shows. You do want to say it right? Yeah. Really so fast. And what is that beginning all about? Where he's doing the, uh, I'm asking you. What is that thing? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Well, I was there first. And we did the pilots. And the first five shows were fun. They were fun. They were fun. They were. They were. They don't do this. Because we changed the format of the show. They decided to get more into a local service show. They got away from the concept. So I'm standing there juggling my balls. And all of a sudden, I find out. I'm alone. Don't jump in on that. I'm not going to work. You have to go to McChickers. You know, McChickers is in plantation. You've ever been like McChickers. I never heard of it. It's a place where they have all these video games. They got these little gophers that jump up and you hit them with a mallet. And you get tickets, coupons. When you get enough gophers with a mallet, I was feeling like one of those gophers now. I mean, I've everything I say. I'm getting hit over the head with over here. I can't be that hated in this community. You are. The spies. Go ahead. The best thing you can stay about Joey. The parcio host is a great radio person. Yeah. And maybe you should consider a career in criminal justice. I'm going to take some more calls. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. Hi, Leah. Hello. Yes, sir. Can I please lift Joey? Go ahead. Okay. I'm going to get Nick in their screening. I know. I know. I'm TV. Yeah. It was horrible. And, but I have an idea when he could go work. He knows WNWX is going to burial. Browshed. We thought we heard there were going to go all black weather. No, no. They're a braille. It's the way with the future. Yeah. That's a funny dog's right. That way. You know what I mean? Yeah. So to speak. Yeah. And quick picking off the pants. The greatest. Yes, and there's a great one. Okay. Pick up people picking off the pants. Damn right. That's right. Thank you, sir. Good call. Okay. I'm going to get up and traffic or something. Right, because you know. Yeah. So being here at 2 o'clock, if you can stand major. You are so desperate. It's incredible. I'm not deaf. You're just flailing out in all directions. You're not whiling. Is that your impression? Well, but it came out with me. You've got to develop a little something, a little, like, a little finesse. I came here to go to the bathroom. I mean, God. I haven't even gotten there yet. Just a little finesse. I got rerout. I got a ball bearing. The job is just going. I think that the whole thing would be a start. It might go. I'm going to call on my son. I think that's all right. I'm not going to waste my time because I've said it all. For a lot of Dale. Hey, what's happening? How you doing? I don't know. It's kind of, I feel kind of bad that everybody in the area hates Joey the way they do. They hate him like poison. Oh, he put the call. No way. I'll tell you what. Are you in exception? Yeah. I think that if we had Joey on between two and six we'd have some great hate calls rather than we'd have been happy between two and six. Hey, we can have a new four now. We can have four hours of age. Okay. I'm going to get the host. Yeah. That's better than the fleet therapist you got. Let me ask you. Let's focus this. What kind of hate do you have for me? I don't hate you. I'd like to see in there. No, no, I'm the television. What is this? What is this? What is this? No, I'm trying to figure out. We never had a focus group. I never had any research on the show. I love those focus groups. I know. I do do. I like the main group in Detroit. The mother focus. Yeah. I want to say that. I didn't leave that for she. Don't keep saying that. I want to hear from somebody who likes me on the television. Okay. Anybody out there? Wait a minute. What? I didn't like you on the television. That show is the worst. Why? Why? I didn't even watch that. Why doesn't have a good rating then? Why didn't have a good rating? Good rating. Hey. Hey. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Could our problems already, chamber of commerce would pay a lot to stop that for Math column. Thank you for your refreshing honesty, Sir. Have a good day. Yes thanks for agreeing with me. Hey. You thought that was a supporters by Tony Fin interchange? Well they give us on the air on the radio. He doesn't make the really poor the way it works. That's not an ugly post is it's a grotesque face what do you call happy people who is I tell you I'm in what's wrong with P. We Herman I even stopped myself at that one Oh God I've never witnessed a death the only death I witnessed post up was what my bird died in a cage at home about three months ago And happened again last week and then we had another very well close Hollywood Hi, how are you? Well now here's the nice lady. She's not gonna rip you know you're absolutely right It's my effect. You have to tell you one thing first of all. I don't think you're ugly Thank you, but then again, you know people have talked about my standards in the past I do think that I'll tell you when you were on the day when I stand next to the checkout counter and Publix next to the shown counter refresher in people magazine for a real sexiest man. Yeah, that's scary Yeah, it's scary. I got news for you. He's the world's sexiest man I'm gonna rethink my whole life. Yeah, when I was on see what well I wanted to say when you were on show You were the only thing on that radio station that ever kept my breakfast down I mean you really you know I enjoyed your show in the morning I thought you know that you were really great And I really tuned in every day. I have to say that because I'm a data. This is my normal mistake Yeah, I haven't even your TV show because I have a real job And we're you know 11 o'clock, but though I just want to say you know It's like Neil says you really you know you're not a TV person. That's fine. So stick with radio Yeah, I don't know. I don't care what I work He just wanted you know desperately. Yeah, and I wanted to be two to six Okay, I got to be on the name WF to let WF to let it's on a low end of the dial WF to you way up there near the top I'm a 79 here the top here time. How about sir? Super sir Well, I also want to say that Craig at metal craft is a douche bag. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Lundio. Thank you That's your reason she called was called somebody a douche bag and she just buttered up to you to get the you know the time to do it I've been vast. I mean, I don't know why I can tell you what you wait pretty damn good here Do they know if you're an Azacist what it was good? You know as a matter of fact if even if you don't get paid And you get to come in here every day and eat it's quite a good job. Yeah, so you're not on the mar No, but stands on a mar with that it's too. Why did you stop it on Stan's show? Oh, why doesn't he take this? It's one thirty four already and he's still out here. He should donate that six day to me day number six He's not donating anything to anybody. They're paying them like by the hour already. Would you leave him alone? Okay Specs blows the little gift prices here some more of those great videos. I mean you've got thousands of videos for you Are you serious? I tell you I can't tell you anything you open your mouth on the air about everything. You know people wonder if we really like it's always about and Bishop too But what can you do? Me as a handsome. No, I would not you're just a pain in the ass, but you are funny off near this stuff on here is boring Why are you not pouring up off ears hysterical not standing if I say I'm a boring guy That's because you rip everybody until all these horrendous filthy stories We're standing. I don't know he's afraid his supposed to hear so we could have a little debate here I'm gonna talk about that a debate, but just something. I don't know You want to be paranoid even though you're here just pumping desperately for his job. He knows you're calling Disney every day. No, he knows it I'm not calling Disney. I was calling also a universal and mgm boy Gary They're calling every day. I'm not. Where do you hear this? You just got you telling me that about a half hour I did call him this week every day because it's an opening There's not an open isn't opening on this station. Where need to 11 cents or two? They want to get rid of you. You know, yeah, thank you as long as they pay me off It's all I care if they have begun to believe the bird. Yeah, so you done for the waterdale. Hi Joey Yeah, I just want to let you know that I am a big fan of your all right That includes your TV show and fact I've been to a couple of the filming of the show when did they let you out When they let me out The day to let me out. I stopped listening to Joey when he left she and turned over to to you Neil And then listen to you ever snap yeah, well, that he did that for us is no question both of the people who used to listen to she are now I tuned in here well It was because of Joey that I even started listening to talk radio Make a meal. Thank you Joey My name is Joey also before you came along come on I came to town you weren't making this you're so ungrateful you should be given me meals every day. You just did yeah You know, I don't listen to it for the rating that I listened to it for whoever I think was great I followed Joey around when he went to hooters up in the balloon and I was oh yeah Maybe you did this thing at the Davy rodeo arena with some boxing and yeah, right onto the TV show I've been to that but Neil I've also been to several of your Appearances I think you're both great you didn't see the guy with the eyes there, did you? I think it takes us Joey's got a special humor. Yeah, and it put up people are bored real soon to understand that he might still have a shot No, I don't think anything to do with Barton. I just think he's great. He's probably more intelligent than most of the audience And I think that's where he blows him over They don't understand his humor. Thanks a lot, Neil Neil you're soliciting me when he was in Batavia. I was on the air and Buffalo right out So I think we could pick up no wait a minute was either how this thing around guys because the only station Well, come in. You keep it up. You think you've had as a once were you a fan no you were not a fan No, you never liked me. I was a fan of the station. Why the jikkiy on the fan? Why did you buy time? I'm not sure I was a fan of jikkiy on the station was running ROS They're doing it now you think people are listening to this station here call letters Is this the wonderful island dreams of they're listening to here Neil Rogers have a great day, sir. Hey Joey. Yeah, how about working? 8 to 11 what at night here? Yeah Neil says yeah, well Neil, but you can't do a four hour show with there's a three hours. Yeah, let's start weight three of let's start slow All right, well tell Danny's off the hook. I'll do nice. Okay. I have your life that audience Speaking of celebrities ladies and gentlemen, Vic Stofer a legend in his own mind director of high-lead High and the press box up above the only exciting action is on the phone I wish you were my boss. You're still the only one that thinks I'm a celebrity. Well, what can I tell you? I would demand a immediate raise. I mentioned your name over there the other day they said who? I understand that all right, right here. I just heard the news from Bob Alvig which is what we call them here. How are we a father? How is it? Yeah, I'm savagined the joy rentals by the way Have a lot in common. They do they're usually both out of work Evidently talented you can do that. Yeah, I heard about the Neil Rogers because Miller sounds First is coming Sunday and believe me. I've always wanted to call the Kentucky Derby this will now Pretty super seat the whole pretty close. Yeah, I'm gonna bring my purse just in honor of it I'm asking have said that there's there's one true hope in life is to be able to call me Neil Rogers Can no sound push and I will get to do it this coming Sunday and it will be a special feel Control yourself. I'm gonna call the race. I thought Tom Durkin last night on on Madison Square Garden I'm like satellite doing the metal lanes and He did mention he said he was very jealous that the Vickstilfer is gonna be doing the Neil Rogers purse Why don't you do it? Why don't I do one? Why don't you do the announcing for the year? You know that the savage offered me one day a week to call races up there Why don't you do it? I'm not gonna I'm not making a full out of myself. There's no way you're one of the grace force announced I am why don't I I respect these guys? I couldn't do it. I did harness racing years ago at the county fairs of Michigan But there's only eight horses and see what harness racing you can identify with the drivers colors that are all we the same In thoroughbreds the silks the jockeys were the silks of the owners of the different every race and there's like 12 or I couldn't do it Sometimes they're different at the head of the stretch when you've got a horse that has maybe a light sash across his chest But after he's been trailing horses down the back stretch the white sashes now brown. Yeah, you don't know who he is Well, that's what Ross Morton as always said. Oh How do you know I haven't even looked at anything? You're not gonna don't know what's what I mean? What does that mean? That means like in your case mental. Yeah, no, let's not waste time with that Let's take the minute that we got in the push for a real, but what do we got out there today? We got some people at all We got some people the letters not all that great and it's a little drizzly, but we do have some people and they're starting to trickle it like the rain has a little bit Yeah, the word around the race track without a doubt It's not it's not the brunette he can't even know thing anymore. It's the Camille sounds first people are starting what he's even He's gonna ship in a couple of hours Yeah, I think right angel Pena he's he's mad because you know He wants to start his horses in the race and it's gonna be unbelievable. Yeah, Wayne Lucas called me home Wayne Lucas. He's gonna run grand canyon in the security this week All the fun Because he couldn't get into the field Exactly, you can't run it. No, I'm sorry. It must be getting pretty deep over there in the backside. Well the microniery race anyway Free admission tomorrow Sunday and Monday and then of course we still have this new cloud hanging over our head now Now I said something earlier. I didn't know nobody'll ever pay any attention anything I say But isn't it something to think about is there to the best of your knowledge? There's no limit on the number of races that you have to run on a given day just to say that you're operating is there I don't think there is no in fact that we've run eight nine and right right right So if if just to avoid a disaster Couldn't they run like three races or you know on on Tuesday Wednesday and Friday? There was a time when Birmingham was just about to go belly up And they were worried about losing their primitive license and I don't know But I know that they talked about it there. Yeah, I do not know if that's been talked about here I mean they could do it like between they could do it from my two to three 30 in the middle of the afternoon Which is the later start get it you know I don't have to have a lot of people. I could not that many would come out but at least it would be a gimmick But at least it would give me circumvent all this craziness about closing it down I think the horseman could fill three or four races on those three days a week But I tell you we would be a staff of the attorneys we haven't by the way. They're excellent attorney I'm sure it's been thought of and it's not it's not as asked a la la idea of you might think because You were technically I suppose Sure I think it would it would appease that situation. Sure. You have a daily double you'd have a bet three and have whatever to heck you wanted them Also by the way they're starting quinella's this week on Just gonna say that they started them today the first second third and seventh race And here's an example of Mr. Brinadi trying to work with the horseman may felt that quinella's would help the handle They felt that they'd like to see quinella's that he said okay fine Well, that's because you're in Florida. You haven't been here that long but in Florida Most of the gamblers are in two exotics quinella's perfect as perfect as I mean that's the name of the game down here Whether it's the dogs or high-layer harness racing and You know, it's just one more pool one more way for the people to put their money in there and I think it's a good idea Hey, I'm that's still yesterday and I want to take this time to say what a gracious man He is and what a very nice man. Yes, he is he's a great guy Seattle players in this big thing. We're not the heavy hitters with the half of religious guys trying to make a block and and work every day He was a gracious and and open host and and I felt great he was a fine man And I have nothing of respect for him. Yeah, he's a good friend of the super guy I'm sorry that he's like in the middle right now of this other thing that's going on with the sand track over there But you know, it's not a personal thing and he knows that yeah, okay. We'll see you tomorrow We are now counting down the hours. Okay Excellent All right, you know this is a five minute. Yeah, even joeies coming out. That's great. Yeah, I'll be there. See you next along commercial meal. What's not a commercial? What is it? It was a discussion Product Hi, Leah can I ask you a question yes the metro rail? Yes, how much free time did the local station? You weren't here then were you? No, but I heard all about you never went on on and on and on for hours Here, God bless the Miami heat. So grotto did a real good job. I'll commend him for it But he took a lot of time for weeks on his sports cast on for pushing sign-up of the seasons We need to have 10,000 or 12,000 season tickets so you know and he had a good job, okay for the eat But here's the same kind of thing the heat is a privately on thing It's good for the community even though I'm out of NBA fan, but it's great We've got it and that they're being supported Hi, Leah is in business in partnership with the state we get tax revenue from there You know, it's not just a private thing everybody's got a little bit of a stake in that why are we gonna close? What's the reason? Well, hey listen a lot of people come in and I have this thing You know I've been listening to you for weeks and I never heard the official reason I don't know they were in dying for years over there at a highly of the handles been going down It's a psychological thing people don't want to go over there They think it's a Hispanic thing or it's not safe or it's too far They got a meeting excuses and they forgot and how beautiful it is and the flamingos and what a sensational track it is and This year the state came up with this deregulation which is that anybody Entrap we can't handle it anymore. They can't get along with three track owners We'll have deregulation run whatever they want to run, okay? So now Runeity and highly it runs up against called or engulfed him You can't do it. I mean each track has rough enough time by itself Without trying to compete with another track so they've created a monster So they live off the money that is gambled on is that it's their percentage out of it to take as they get That's right pay the first money for the horsemen and it pays for their expenses and for hopefully a profit which you're obviously not making All right now you said the two-year-olds are running at the other race tracks and that's really not good 6-7 races almost every day today What's five what does that mean that there amateurs to your right? Yeah, yeah Your life is like 15-year-old this jockies you can relate to that I just probably not going to be all that great a lot of them have never started before their first-time starters So what you've got to go on is their workouts, which is meaningless All right, but the big so it's like race is the older horses then is that well that's a better quality All right, really is even if it's cheaper versus it's still better for from a betting standpoint So they got to have a big crowd in order to have the better horses to get the bigger Pursus right and I figure it out right and that's what you're trying to do for highly right so they can The least break even and not close it down if they close it down permanently it's gonna be really would be a terrible loss You've never been out there now Beautiful I heard his mind and if it's in a really is great and you know you got your heart in that too Like you do Camila's hot right both of these items and stands career Okay, I know that he's worthy how is he? He's does make a point. I can't believe that I'm really I'm surprised at him I really I was in here. Is he coming in now? Oh, he's ways in the building, but he won't come in 12 minutes till 2 a W.I. O.D. Toyota of Hollywood has got a great Christmas year for you when you buy your new Toyota every new van truck Super MR 2 or crash of the comes with a nice little holiday bonus of beautiful 20 inch RCA color TV when you buy at Toyota of Hollywood What are you laughing about and square? And if stand signs a contract a Toyota of Hollywood if you give you 10 thousand dollars quit picking on a man What are your brutal for a guy who's in here? Joe's thing for his job. You're just having a great time for the Toyota also a free gift with every test drive While quantities last at Toyota of Hollywood here's a 19 90 Toyota terselle from just 6777 or pay only 89 bucks a month Order yours today even you could afford those payments a 1990 Corolla from 86 97 or pay 136 a month order yours today You notice now he's tackling in the background a 90 camera 10,929 or pay only 179 bucks a month or yours today at the southeast Number one Toyota dealer Toyota of Hollywood where you'll get the best selection and the best service and The red 18 41 north-state roads seven right between tapped and Sheridan streets in Hollywood Stand major now a new thought radio 610 Wild If you miss the last show you miss this This is so much. Oh, well give me a kiss I've only got the gummishing to call really all my goodness grass is yet Where'd you been I've been around to know been listening, but you know once you break the heart It is very very hard to get back on you know Yeah, yeah, I understand that it's like a whole hundred hundred. So, you know what you get off at heart to get psychons Yeah, that's what you know what you hear the next 10 major show This afternoon it too on this top radio six and double U. I OD The Well better late than never now 153 And WOD here's the battle of the century ladies and gentlemen. Oh, you stop Dance my and what the hell do you want on the air? It's only stand major where now? That's what what where's birth? Where is he? He'll be in a two thirty. Let's stop fuck to you dummy. See back in filling No, he's not he's back in Boka unemployed God look at the Twin brother the guy if he looks like me he's wearing him guys. He looks better than you Stand on my computer and ask you show my still be on the air stand Am I then I'm a track I I'm not gonna make you look good or Sean good. Why would I do that? Come on. I mean he was been doing that I want to do all this lesson of that come up and make him sound good everybody who risked him and asked Talk about paranoid now. What did you say before he came in here? What did you say that you allegedly told Disney? What did you say first of all I said stands numbers are up he's got numbers. I said and that's all Anybody cares about in our business and they should leave him on that with him alone So what do you hear auditioning for his job? I just need for a god I'm having a audition. I'm having a job with you the verge Not an audition. I was he I said here eating him hanging out with you. What the hell is that kind of student audition for I'm going to Buffalo Or I'm a man in the front door told her he had to go to the John I did do that and he sneaked in the building and I am a Christian I am a shameless up from you. You are but so are you but you're working in Buffalo next week Yeah, which is you know that damn guys you won't why 100 got a new station Buffalo called a fox and so I'm going there to kick it off I don't like money I don't like that whole operation over there. Okay. Look what they did to kick curry What do they do? Think you have problems with an angry of why way to do get with David Ross you're such a young That one oh, I'm not I was just on to the truth. I'm talking it like it is okay Damn give me a little advantage We work together and Philly. Yeah, do we go along? Yeah, oh, yeah You are looking for his job. I'm looking for his job. How you're not if I was in the land looking for a job I'm radio if there's an open area It's not personal. It's nothing to withstand. I don't conduct a hate campaign I didn't like hearing what they said on the air about me the other day him and that other jiboni from the harrel Because I think that guy is wrong, but isn't it interesting? All these other people who call today I'm the same gentleman if you're going to have a day in court you just said you did something to sound more like rod rotting every day If there's an opening I wanted okay, all right, that's true. Isn't that what he said? That's true. What I'm trying to say about me is this I Probably had the wrong show for me Okay, that's the wrong show for me, but that does not make me a bad performer. Everybody has their ishtar You know right after that dust and Hoffman came back with rainmen before that he had to see you know Everybody has it maybe with maybe some bad as an uplaw from that check to get you in the stand Constitution where they're all Raymond all I wanted you guys to say the other day you and that and that guy from the herald to that Hollywood be all I wanted you to put him down by saying that I shouldn't do that all I wanted you guys to say was the guys a talent He's got some talent. He's good and and he belongs on the air But this is the wrong vehicle form and I never heard that No, but he did say as I recall that He didn't know how much input you had into the show not all how much control you might have had on the show And I'm not good in that format. I am good. I'm not a reader I'm a guy I'm a woman in this form why do you get so defensive when we say the show sucked because I feel is a hurt why? Because I take a person what are you all responsible for doing a good job and he's getting numbers These kids show up for work. He does his job and he's doing what he's supposed to do and then and people put him down How do you think he feels about that it's feelings? I'm not in charge of that show There are several producers to produce that show. There were three girls and then we have any missed chance there He's not sick. No, oh, she's a mother. She's the same. She's not a hell out of town You're not a man. You can know the amount of question of that It's that it's just that you cannot and 11 o'clock in the morning do what I do which is to be outrageous I belong on late night and when I myself and I interview celebrities and I go on do field pieces I'm fine when I'm standing there in a structured thing with the cardboard audience and five people who are on Thorazene And I'm interviewing a bunch of dollars and doggy do guests and I'm reading off cards I fail didn't you ever say to them? Jesus do we have to have these people on on a daily basis? Well, you hey listen, I believe him because I you know I've been involved moderately and I kind of crap before and I've seen it go on I just wanted the money and I wanted to be on the air. I want to be somebody in the center. You're still getting the money Yes, yes, you're just a limbo. So I can't give you all this all this sympathy that you came here You're driving you Now with you guys you're getting I am I'm done. I'm still getting why are you having me go on the payroll positioning He's got a contract with the window that you can jump out of anything You like to live me up in a post out of a right now It's what I want to be Jesus So thank you very much. It's been a lot of fun eating here with you and I hope to hang out again today Our tomorrow rather Stand you need that Saturday show no get any food on Saturday She I'm a good boy Joey came in you get some food I Wish I wish on him what you did to me Now seriously, it was really something I can't say what I can find again I gotta say the joy hasn't sounded this good since he came to Miami. Yeah Thanks then I want to Dominic this morning to the meat market the gourmet meat market and he said Stan was had stopped in there and he said what a great place that is Dominic's yeah, right yeah, we order food from all the time. Yeah, so this morning I follow Santa Ra I'll call me. Oh, yeah, I'm looking for his job So where was he goes? I he wishes you lay off anyway Let me give that address again. We want a gigantic mail over the week I'm sure most of it can top the 20 bucks the Joey coughed up But the payments on that Porsche out front are very high it's a Camilla saucecare Neo Rogers WIOD Get off the floor Miami three three one four one and The don't forget we've got the Collection points that up the WOD mobile thing whatever we call it is down there at the roving radio at Bayfront Park near the Or is our just Christmas tree starting at five this evening and all through the weekend and all next week five the midnight every night during the week And then we'll be doing our show down there Thursday From ten to two collecting money and autograph pictures a Joey and some other good stuff looking big Cuban cigars like Walking on times is okay. Have a wonderful weekend. We wish you have a great time in Buffalo. Let's go Boeing And on that note have a wonderful weekend stay tuned for Stan Joey's gonna stick around for a few minutes on Stan's show Stan is gonna put the show on a three hour delay We never want to rainy any more that big. Yes, it's gonna offer like ten minutes because I want to have something really exciting listen to one away One other girl my Oh, yeah, cuz that don't say okay have a wonderful weekend. We'll see out there at high elite I'm all I don't forget you'll be out there right this weekend. Yeah, and if I get a life I'll call you free admission to Maro Sunday and Monday post-time when a clock coming out by the thousands by the millions and bring all your money I'll shut off the kids and have a great time. I bring my own full-lingo Excellent. We'll see you Monday morning again 10 here on 610 Wild stay tuned for Stan