by the city. At the behest and urging of a particular individual who's mentioned all through the articles. Okay. I'm not going to dignify and by mentioning his name. And I do want to make very clear, since I'm sure that he's monitoring right as we speak. That's the only reason that he's not being mentioned on this program today. Because this very clearly is a legitimate news story. Okay. But I wouldn't dignify his ego by mentioning it. But anyway, the Hellendeal City Commission is added again in two years ago. And of course, I guess we got a lot of new listeners and people who were not involved with us during the sweet and low days. Sure. We went through this whole same business with Hellendeal a couple of years ago, and the problem, the thing that really got to them the most was the fact that it was true. That's what bothered them. And I listen to a lot of the calls. I got so many things that I want to talk about to clarify, because I listened to a lot of these old Farts who called in Steve yesterday. There must have been a five or six of them. Oh, yes. We got to get him off the air. He offends people. I got news for you. Any top show host in America worth his weight and salt offends some people. Okay. In fact, there's some of them who offend a lot of people. That's not a criterion for someone being on the air or not being on the air. There are people in this town passed and present, extreme right wingers who have constantly make these grow test. There's that word again. And I mean the worst kind of generalizations and go on and on and spew the worst hate and I find it offensive. But that doesn't mean I think they ought to be off the air. Okay. See, that's the difference. So because something is offensive, there's a real remedy to that. And that is you don't have to listen to it. I'm sure there are a lot of black people who think that the Jefferson is offensive because George Jefferson basically in that show is a fairly well to do pretty well to do step and fetch it. And so all he is, he's one of the worst stereotypes. I happen to find a show funny. Okay. I happen to like the show. But I know at the same time that I'm sure that it offends some people. That's life. Okay. That's this is the kind of thing that happens when you have the free marketplace and exchange of ideas like we do in this country. That's the whole basis of what this country is all about. And what really shocks me is when I hear some of these elderly, there was one guy called in using a couple of Yiddish expressions the other day, just like Mayor Rosenberg over there in Hallendale who's supposed to be this liberal Democrat. And of course two years ago called me the flaming fagula. You recall that wonderful, a bigoted remark of his. You know, you see, these people evidently have short memories. And for someone who's supposed to be a liberal Jew to be spewing that kind of bigotry and have that kind of narrow mindedness really is frightening. I guess very very short memories. But anyway, so you know, if they're elderly people who are offended by the fact that we tell the truth on this show, and you know, how many disclaimers do I do on this show? Commitment. So many disclaimers to the point of nausea about saying, hey, you don't have to be chronologically old to be an old fart mentally. In fact, just yesterday by coincidence, we had some young wacko, some pinhead, and I said, there's living proof that age doesn't, you know, determine whether you're an old fart. It's a mental state of mind. You can be 20 and be an old fart. You can be 95 like this 81 year old lady you called before. And like some of the elderly people who called Steve yesterday, who love what we do on these shows, okay? Because they got a sense of humor, and also because they know that there's a lot of truth in what we say. Of course, about a lot of this horrendous behavior that goes on in this town. And really, and I'm going to tell you one thing right up front at the beginning of the show. You will never ever hear me retract or apologize for any comments I've said about this so-called senior citizen syndrome. And I also heard some of these pseudo-electual colors. There were two or three of them calling yesterday. And they just seize upon us. These are people who hate my guts anyway. And they seize upon us kind of opportunity to jump on a bandwagon. And oh, yes, about how I'm aligned. These are people and how I make them feel bad and how I encourage young people to go out and call them douchebags, etc. And so on. I got news for you. Along before Neil Rogers ever came to this community. There was a gent, there was a age gap here that was so incredible that it was mind-boggling. And long after I'm dead and buried unfortunately, it probably still be here. Long before I came here, we had the early bird's specials and the adult-only communities. And all this whole condo mentality. So don't put the omnis on me. All I've done is tell you the truth. Okay, and describe it and describe what it's done to the image of this community, which is a nightmare. When I first came to KAT, I remember I lived on the beach and I can remember driving on ocean drive and Collins Avenue and sing all those elderly people sitting in those chairs staring at the sidewalk. Waiting to die, which is when I first came up with that term out to our funeral parlor. I didn't invent it. I just told it to you. So here's another case where the city of Hallendale doesn't like the message because it hits too close to home. So let's go after the messenger. Let's attack Neil Rogers again because after all we're peowed, he made us look stupid two years ago. And some convoluted logic they assume is to Rosenberg, who tries to run that commissioner over there like a little dictator. Mr. Rosenberg thinks that something outcome is going to be different. I mean, sunny baby you're in for a big surprise because it ain't no different now than it was before. But I'm glad to see that they have no crime in Hallendale that they have no more jaywalking problem that they have no drug problem that they have no poor people living west of the railroad tracks that they don't have any problems over there. And that they have the luxury of giving an individual 40 to 45 minutes of time to play tape recordings, taking out of context and edited by the individual to come to a particular point, okay, that would make sunny happy. And give them all the ammunition to come up with this resolution. Unbelievable. They have a lot of time. A lot of important business going on over there at Hallendale. Okay, it's 10 13 at WIO Daily. Okay, that's a... There to Miami Cods with a hot to be there on the streets fighting cry. Hey, pops, that's a hand can't face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Hallendale's place. We get a problem. The Craig games are too old tracks. Lieutenant at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird's special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. Yeah, this is a clean up history. Hey, lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line. There they did terminally clean up the smudging business. All right, it's a dirty runner-arrad. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife for the charge. There's an imposter. I'm gonna first time, let's see that white stuff. And just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here. Over. Sweet low. From that restaurant she just came out of. One second man. Yeah. Here's their gunner. In Miami Cods with a hot movie. Here's a nail vase. Here they ring this phone on MBC. Get them off the air. Get them off the air now. He's attacking us. I wonder if Sunny Rosenberg has any sweet and low in his house. Okay. Just curious about that, Sunny. You know what we got to do? We got to call the people at Sweet and Low. Remember a couple of years ago when this thing was in high gear and it made papers all over the world as a matter of fact, including the Philippines and China, which we mentioned yesterday. The people in New York at the Sweet and Low company got wind of it. They put together thousands of packages of sweet and low. And on one side it said, You know, we're still in from the home of Neil Rogers. Which I thought was sensational. Maybe we ought to have him print them up that say stolen from the home of Sunny Rosenberg. Now there's a guy. Yeah. So then Sunny could at least feel honored and recognized when these people, you know, stuff this sweet and low in their bags. It'll be like a little campaign blood for Sunny over there in a hell in there. Okay. Maybe that might get him off our back. Anyway, I just want to make a few comments about this individual who, and I noticed in his article, which is hysterical, talk about the podcast called the kettle black. The individual who spurred this yesterday claims that I've harassed him on the air for the past 18 months. I've harassed him on the air. Are you following that? I'm a sort of past 18 months. I didn't hear that. Now do you think maybe that's a misprint they got that back where all must be? Because for the past, it's 19 months now. I've been subjected to a campaign of harassment. The likes of which you could never imagine. Steve talked about it yesterday. And there's no sense in repeating the whole thing. Sponsors being called and not just see you've got to write out there. If you don't like any show, you got to write to write a letter and say to Joe Blows, clothing store. Hey, I don't like Neil Rogers. And I'm not going to buy any clothing in your store as long as you advertise on a show because I don't like him. You got to write to do that. You don't have a write to call people call them at home and call them at home and call them at home at weird hours and abuse them and things of that nature. You just don't have a write to do that. Nobody has a write to do that. Just as nobody has a write to tell us, what we can say, what we can do on the air, accept the government. You know, the commission has got the ability to make certain restrictions, which we understand in our well aware of other than that. There's nobody out there who's got to write to dictate what can be on the air and what can't be because that's fascism. Like I said the other day, that's like the Joseph Gerbel School of Broadcasting for anybody out there. I think it's a well, you know, I don't like that. And here's a list of things a menu of what you can say and what you can't say because I don't like this side of the menu. I don't like. Yeah, me. I don't like. I'm the same. If we were going to allow that to happen or anybody in a broadcasting industry, a lot of the happen, you know what you'd hear all day? The sounds of silence. Because there wouldn't be other than maybe a few pronouns. There wouldn't be anything we could say that somebody somewhere wouldn't object to, okay? Now let me ask you this. No, wait a minute. I don't like that questions, okay? Oh, I don't like questions. So cut it out. Now let's take you off the air immediately. No questions. Well, let me give an example. Okay. No, I don't like examples either. Let's say somebody hated David Letterman. Yeah. I bet you there are those people. Sure. Thought he was not going to get him off the air. That said he's ruining the language. I'm going to go out and strangle the peacock myself. Terrible influence on young people. He's influencing the way they talk and that that's getting pretty, surely. And we find out that the guy tapes every single David Letterman and watches it later. What would you think of that person? I would think he had an obsession. Yeah. Would David Letterman. Obsession. What a life. You know what I mean? What a life he would have. And just complaints about him constantly. In fact, it is interesting that there have been those very responsible individuals who have investigated and discovered that there are some people, some individuals, maybe singular, who have an obsession with this show. Yeah. Tape everyone. Shocking. Listen to it later. And like Steve always says, I love that line he uses about people with rich, full line. But when you sweep it all away and I just want the public to understand one thing and especially, and I know we have a large gay audience. Okay. This whole campaign that's gone on for 19 months. You take away all the window dressing about lyrics and songs and about old people in Hallendale because it's Zeta even when we took all the songs away. Okay. And we were so, we were so antiseptic over there, man. It was incredible. We all had a weird white suits to come in. That's how antiseptic we were. Even when we took it all away, the harassment never stopped. Every reason being that what this is really all about is homophobia. And of course, most of these hate letters that have been sent out, these malicious hateful letters that have been sent out to anybody you can imagine, including people who have nothing to do with this program. The line is almost always in there somewhere about Neo Rogers, trolling for sex from teenage boys on a radio. So again, just like many of the comments about the senior citizens and I say many, here are things that are taken out of context and twisted around when they're set in obvious humor and satire. You'd have to be a moron not to understand that. But for malicious or other purposes, twisted around is, if they say, here he goes, he's trolling for boys on the air. Okay. And you'll recall many of you the Adam Walsh Foundation letter. Yeah. Boz is name again. I don't know nameslips my mind. That we read on the air here a few weeks ago, which again was spurred by the same individual. Taking things out of context from recordings of this show. And sending them out to third parties. Anyway, it's 22 past 10 to WIOND. I got a lot to say, especially about Helen Dale and the City Commission over there. Because the other part, the other part of this business is going to take care of itself. And a Steve said yesterday, a Norman Kennedy who is one of the finest attorneys I have ever met has been employed by Steven myself to deal with illegal aspects of the harassment and the other things that have gone on. And they are going to stop. Believe you me, they're going to stop. Because I don't know, I've been in a business almost 30 years. Not anybody in the country who's been subjected to the kind of abusive campaign that's been going on against me. And now for the last three months against Steve, by the same individual. And it's going to stop. Believe me. Because freedom of speech is one thing. It's amazing how people always talking about their own freedom of speech. Yet they're not concerned with yours, their mind or Steve's anybody else's. And of course, they include in freedom of speech the right to harass and intimidate and threaten that in their own way. That in their own warped minds is freedom of speech. It's 23 past 10 at WIOD, I owe the 1026 at WIOD. By the way, yesterday as you will, they're some interesting lies that get told along the way. For example, when I gave out the number of the Helendale City Commission, urged people to call and protest this ridiculous resolution, which this is the second time in two and a half years that they've done this. And I was very, very cautious in urging you and be teaching you. You know, no harassing calls or threatening calls just to do it responsibly, which is what I always say, by the way. And sure time later, we got a message, a frantic message from Mr. Intendola saying that there were collars were tying up not only to switch board, but the emergency lines and fire and rescue. And later on on Steve show, we have, we have the MS. We have the true story that the 911 numbers go through Hollywood. They have nothing to do with the Helendale switch board that was just an absolute fabrication. And every single time we do this and say, you know, act responsibly and let the public officials, he's elected officials who are on the public payroll, no, what you think about their actions, it's always the same excuse. So all the harassing us, their time up the emergency line, the, the, the, all the other garbage. And all it is is just another cowardly attempt. In other words, you know, that guy in Helendale used to call and sing, he can dish it out. How but he can't take it. Sure. Well, that's the case with sunny Rosenberg and a bunch of cowards over there in the city of Helendale. They can't take it, so when somebody tells the truth over what a bunch of jellyfish they are over there, they can't handle it. You see, Mr. Rosenberg, you're not going to dictate my free speech on a year, okay? And I'm shocked. Although I shouldn't be shocked because this is the guy that called me deflaming a faggle a couple of years ago in the year. And when we did our thing at the diplomat mall where 99% of the people who showed up were supportive of me and laughed at Mr. Intendola and Mr. Rosenberg. In the beginning, he wouldn't even shake my hand like he was going to catch some kind of disease by shaking my hand. This great wonderful liberal from hell and there. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. You know, before Hitler took to Jews, he took the homosexuals and the gypsies, okay? That's who we took off to kill on the concentration camps. Mr. Liberal Rosenberg. And your bigotry is legendary now over the last two years. It's unbelievable that flaming faggle who's handy wouldn't shake. And at the end of the show when he saw that the overwhelming majority of the people in the mall were supportive of me, he comes over and shakes my hand and he's laughing like it's a big joke. Who the hell are you kidding, Sonny? Who are you kidding? And bigotry, like I said, is what this whole hate campaign against me has been for the last 19 months. All this other stuff is window dressing. That's all it is. Here's another message an older listener offended that these listeners have been termed morons by Mr. Rosenberg insulted by the city of Palandale. So his feelings have been hurt. I thought we couldn't do that. I mean, I listened to some of those sues, a couple of those guys that called in yesterday, who obviously hate me with the past and are just ceasing this opportunity to jump on the bandwagon and try to legitimize it. And oh yes, he hurts the feelings of the elderly and it is. I've given more disclaimers about what we're talking about and believe me it's true. That's why it hits such a nerve. I remember when I started the thing with sweet and low in Halandale two years ago, I expected to do one show on it six months later, I couldn't shut off the faucet. That's all people wanted to talk about. Woman in the New York Times magazine in the Sunday magazine wrote a big piece on it. Do you remember that? Sure. About the stolen roles who may be running again this weekend at Gulf Stream, but which is in Halandale, by the way, in which we mentioned, constantly. That's another thing. It's interesting. I'm wondering if they're going to try to get Gulf Stream Park and the Don family to condemn the orangish. I feel surprised for them. Okay, Doug Don and I happen to be good friends. Gulf Stream Park and I happen to have a very strong relationship that includes Roy Slein Hop and Jotan and Bob and Bob Savage. A lot of other people over there. And I'm going to be there Sunday doing my thing for the community alliance against AIDS. I wonder what Mr. Rosenberg thinks about that. He. Oh. And I hope a lot of people show up. Maybe this will spur a lot of my listeners to show up on Sunday and make contributions. Yeah, just as kind of even if it's not from the heart for the cause, just as kind of a protest to Mr. Rosenberg and this group of Neanderthals in Halandale. But you know how many people have called us up and said they went to Gulf Stream. They had never been to a horse race before. Well, we don't have to. We don't have to justify it. Just as I've always said unfortunate that Gulf Stream geographically happens to be located in Halandale. And nothing they can do about that. They can't move it. You know, it's very close to the date, Broward line there. And I'm sure that a lot of people would be happier if we're just a little south. No. But there's nothing they can do about that. And it's not the city of Halandale. It's this just handful of fakers on the city commission. It isn't an interesting one. Mr. Rintendola was on and I wish I would have had the opportunity. I was with some clients yesterday for 15, 20 minutes. But I wish I would have been able to be in here with Steve when he was on the phone. Because Mr. Rintendola always claims ignorance, which in his case I think is probably appropriate. Oh, he didn't know anything about it. He's got anything to do with it. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but and all this other stuff. Okay. Never. I thought he was the city manager. He never votes on anything. Yeah. He never has anything to do with that band over there. You know, he's doing a hellbilly song. He's real busy taking care of business over in Halandale. You know, it's really, it's embarrassing because you people, you fakers over there in Halandale. I'm not talking about the population. I'm talking about the powers that be. Because I'm sure they're all listening right now. You may jackasses out of yourselves two years ago with this. I mean, absolutely fools out of yourself. Now, I want to point out to the audience that this reading yesterday was, it was this was the reading for the first time in this resolution drafted by Mr. King. That's not Steve King. Oh, King. The attorney for the city of Halandale. At Mr. Rosenberg's request, it will be read again and voted on by the city commission on February 21st. That's two weeks from yesterday. Now, that meeting takes place in noon. I guarantee you this program will be there. This show will be there in Halandale two weeks from yesterday at the 21st of February. And you know something, it's got to be an open meeting. Do I'll sure? Open to the public. Yeah. And you know who else will be there? I bet you a lot of people who enjoy this program will be there. Yeah. So it's not going to can't be one of these closed or situations like they did yesterday, where they invite somebody who's had an axe to grind with the show for 19 months and been trying to destroy my career and three different radio stations that I've worked on. And they do it in silence and secrecy and then, of course, all of a sudden, the media are just happened to be there. By the way, Jim Gasser called said he did not write that letter from that we read yesterday by Valley Parking. So there's another interesting situation. We've had a lot of mysterious letters like that. Have a way with fiction, names of people who haven't been invented yet and with people who didn't write the letters, etc. Yeah. He's going to be calling in before the end of the show. It's ahead in the note. Great. Anyway, it's just incredible. Just amazing how this town, you know, I've all had said this is the biggest bushelig town, big hick town. And this is living proof of it. I mean, this show is so tame compared, I give you an example, just compared to what we did two years ago and I and Z. So tame that it's not even in the same ballpark and certainly compared to many of the FM morning shows in this market and all over the country, this show is like Alison Wonderland by comparison, it's so tame. So if it's not some recorded material that we're playing that, you know, is a satire or a song parody, it's talking about senior citizens and joking about the doing something in a metamuse or whatever it is, things that are said in obvious comic satire that are taken by people in purposely twisted and manipulated around to try to make it appear that we're really just awful folks who shouldn't be on the air. Because they just don't want that awful faggot on the air making all of that money, it just sticks in their crom and they can't stand it, they just can't handle it. It reminds me of the Anita Bryant days. We don't hate the center, we hate the sin, we love the center. Just don't say it, get back like a good boy in your closet and don't say anything and we'll leave you alone, get back and cow her in your closet and look what happened to Anita. Yeah, what goes around come around. Pass me the orange juice, okay? Yeah. 1035 and WIOD want to tell you about each more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610, WIOD. Okay 1039 and WIOD, I put I put the number on a screen Roger. Roger just disappeared. Oh, they're on a screen. See, I'm way ahead of you. Anyway, we have a celebrity caller that we might be talking to momentarily if he is there. That's exciting. Okay, a lot of people been asking about him last few days. Great. Anyway, where was I before? I was so really interrupted myself. Yeah, I don't know really what more there is for me to say, other than the fact that certainly the harassment campaign letters to everybody you can imagine from Tim Robby and Sam Jankovich and the University of Miami Hurricane and everything else about, you know, with some of the wildest accusations and I can assure you, in fact, I have it right in my hand now a packet of letters and material from my attorney that are the beginning of the process that's going to bring all of this foolishness to a screeching halt. And for the last two years I've been told by corporate attorneys and all kind of other attorneys. Well, ignore it, don't dignify, let it go away. It doesn't go away. And the irony of the whole thing is that back during the election for they'd stayed attorney back last November and prior to it, all of these complaints were made against me and he's this and he does that and all this wild weird stuff. And Janet Reno in compliance with love because he couldn't have a conflict of interest. He sent it all to the governor's office. And I was investigated by a special prosecutor appointed by the governor and the FBI and the secret service, everybody except the CIA that, you know, I've probably the most investigated talk show host in America and amazingly enough, the special prosecutors report part of which Steve Red on the area yesterday, which I have here, not only clears me and says there's absolutely nothing there, but it says that the individual who made all the accusations, the same individual who spurred this hall and the old thing yesterday and has been conducting this hate campaign, has an obsessive hatred toward me and the show. That was one of the many conclusions and also talks about his apparent behavior in regard to that debate with Janet Reno and that I've not just led her that he handed Janet Reno, which he read on the area yesterday with the three boxes and just on and on and on. So, isn't it ironic that while I was the one being investigated that this special investigator, a special prosecutor, turns around and says, hey, Rogers didn't do anything wrong and there's nothing wrong with the show, but that this particular individual making the allegations is the one got a lot of problems with and has an obsessive hatred of this program out of Neil Rogers. And a public has a right to know and it's long overdue. What they do with all the microphones and here's Steve is here, but here comes Roger now. Well, I got a lot, you know, my case all those guests in the morning. Yeah, you know, they have that, so that cooking, his arms sit at be back in a half hour, our celebrity caller here will be back and we'll give McColle on the year. That'll be exciting. Someone a recent local radio personality who always is good on the phone. Yeah, not always that great on the air, but good on the phone. Good for. Kind of like from the Lee Fowler, I shouldn't say that. That would be a surprise. Ha. Oh, okay, Roger just give me your confused look like anyway, there's Steve and Steve is sitting reading trying to control himself and be a common. It's very good dinner by the way last night. I'm not sure if the people in Nutri system are listening, okay, it just, this is not going to be the week. Okay, Lyndon Susan, you're wonderful folks. I'm not the great part of it is I really panicked this morning when I got on the scale because I thought, oh, brother, you know, that I quite a bit last night and I didn't gain anything. Okay, which made me very happy. I'm still right there where I was at the Lanyette Cajun House. I can't mention that can I sense it's one of your sponsors? You can and also some of the help of there were very interesting as well. But anyway, we don't want to give you that because it'll sound like I'm trolling for a sector boy. He's not here all of the world of legal age I noticed. That was very, I'm very careful. In fact, now even before I look at somebody, I make sure I ask. In fact, I just like with my back to them I say, are you over 18? If I turn around I look at him, if they say no, I just keep, you know, moving in the other direction because looking is also illegal. You do understand that, don't you? Really? I saw anyway. I can't believe the, I've been shocked. Yeah, about these statements that were made yesterday. I love this. What are you? You are, Ray, what a very little. The one about Hitler, the man is that Hitler would not without an army, a self-hating, homosexual, a self-hating. I mean, nothing actionable there, right? And soon I'll be a self-hating senior, a self-hating senior, a self-hating senior citizen. All right, I mean, no defamation there. No. How about this one? Steve, how about this one out of the Sun Sentinel who claims that Rogers has harassed him on the air for the past eight years. I'm going to harass him. And calling his sponsors, how about that? He's friends. I'm going to ask the money that's not out of the campaign. The part about the campaign of harassment is that people who are friends of mine have also received harassing and threatening calls. That rich who comes in every Thursday and has helped us in so many ways and sent out all of those tapes. You know, those awful tapes, which this individual also said were obscene and pornographic and threatened fat rich because he sent him out through the mail. The postal service was going to investigate. We only raised $40,000 for the Camilla sauce. You know, my favorite causes in the world. And yet this individual tried to attack that no matter what it is that I do, there is an attack made, okay, to try to twist and distort and threaten and harass even fat rich who never would hurt a fly. One of the nicest people you'd ever meet in your life has received numerous harassing phone calls and threats and the goes out to his car here and finds the car plastered with the letters and messages and the so on and so forth, which also will stop immediately by the thing that I had to let over dinner, what Norm said that since the show yesterday, his office has been buried and calls of people who have been harassed and who have been put upon who want to go on the record with it. Yeah. I think poor Norm's going to have to abandon the rest of his practice. Probably, well, I'm not sure if you're going to have to give up the rest of that feeling. It's very willing to do all the things more than very aesthetically to pursue this because it's obviously a grotesque injustice. And it's a really sick campaign that's been going on for the last couple of years. And as I've said a couple of times, you know, you can mask it as anything else. Nobody is fooling me. They might be fooling some other people in the media temporarily because they've been able to legal a manipulation. They've been able to keep this thing quiet up until now. But there can be no question that this is a legitimate news story. It's in three different stories in this morning's newspapers in a Harold and Sun Sentinel. And I'm sure it's going to go far beyond that. And then you never know there just might be some imminent press conferences coming up in the very near future. I can't imagine with him or there might be a lot more information disseminated to the people in the media. So they really understand what's been going on. Well, this falls into what Steve, what you said yesterday on the air that they do this kind of work, these kind of people in the dark. Yeah. They don't like it in the light of day or when the light of handsome they would like to be able to do it. And we aren't supposed to mention them or make reference to them or do this or do that. But in the meantime, they can they can get up and say, thousands and thousands of letters get up in a public meeting and call you a self-hating Jew and Hitler. Yeah. But we can't do anything. Well, I love that word grotesque by the way. That's it. I think the reason enormous of it, but this is because it is a seizure word grotesque manipulation and distortion and abuse of the legal system. Yes. That's I think why he wants to be average individual when they send a letter out and they say, well, Steve said this or Neil did that, person will look at it. That's a well, good luck. You know, that's Joe Shmo down the street when somebody sends a letter out on their legal letter that adds a tremendous amount of credibility of course. Of course. And yeah. And we'll be at if you want to retain me, you know, I'll get money for you. Which is a clear violation of the legal code of ethics and which the Florida bar I'm sure is not too excited about as we speak, but that's another story for another day. So, you know, I think probably the fact that Sunny Rosenberg and crew in Holland, they all decided to do this. You know what they say in every dark cloud, you'll find little silver line. I think they probably in the long run will have done a tremendous service on wittingly, not by intent. Well, I think the from our conversations with Normals, that I think the this was a turning point. It was a misstep on the part of the gentleman. Oh, yeah, it was this because now it is enabled us to discuss this as a news story. We did it. And so let the public know about what's been going on, which they have a right to know. Because the reason I've ever right now, I do a point I try to make yesterday, which I think is a very important point, is that while it would appear that this all this harassment is leveled against you and I in an effort to cost us our jobs. So, whatever, it is really aimed at the public because it's an object that's a good advice way. That's a nice idea. This is a specific idea that any group of individuals or a couple of people can sit down and arbitrarily determine what community standards are in a community of 4 million people. Well, even more specifically, no, this individual has his way. You'll be out of Miami. I'll be out of Miami. He'll be happy and our audiences are going to be the ones that are going to have to do the suffering. So, this is really in an indirect way. Now, and maybe not even so indirect, directed at them and taking away the right to listen to the shows. They want to listen to absolutely. That's absolutely true. And of course, if the born and again right wingers had their way, we'd have 24 hours of Jim and Tammy Faye Baker and Paul and Jam Kroch and I don't know about Jimmy Swagger anymore. He might not like the history. No, but he has changed. He has, you know, he has repented. So, it sounds like I think he's feeling the change. It sounds like some people may come to our aid. It sounds like a normal, they're about 15 calls on his answer. But you know, people who wanted to do the interesting thing is that there are lots of skeletons in the closet everywhere and people who conduct these kinds of witch hunts and campaigns generally have a history of doing similar types of activity with folks that they don't favor who don't agree with them. And among the many people who have fallen into this favor, including yourself because you were Mr. Good guy until he learned it. According to Faye for me, then, as soon as you say something that doesn't fall in line with this individual's, all of a sudden, I have a horrible plan. Then you have a terrible show and you're a troublemaker and you're a racist and a liar, of course, and everything else under the sun. And I have a feeling that there may be others who will come forward to have experienced the same kind of witch hunts and the same kind of abuse. There is something interesting and I want to because Norman, as I mentioned before, is probably the shopper's attorney I've ever encountered in my life. He's just a tremendous guy and really knows his stuff. Well, we're all buddies, you know, we go way back, Norman. Do you use to have lunch with AJ Doey? I used to go to college together to Faye you. He really doesn't remember me, but I think anyway, here is this is a preamble of chapter 4 of the legal code, just coolant for a minute Spencer. Right. So, we're doing an important business in here. What? Shut up Spencer. Chapter 4 of the preamble in the legal code of ethics. It says conforming to the requirements of the law in the lawyers' business and personal affairs, a lawyer should use the laws procedures only for legitimate purposes and not to harass or intimidate others. Right. Don't you think that's very clear? Right. They're not very clear to me. I think that's really good. I think some people should govern themselves accordingly. Hey Spencer, where the heck have you been Spencer? Come on, I got some money for you. Now did you wash my car Spencer or did you uh, boy, look at this? He's got Rogers keys. He's long and he got a deal going in there. He's interesting. I've even got a 10 here, Spencer. I got the right change in everything. He still hasn't come in here, hasn't he? How did he go? The strapped. Spencer. There he comes. There's a lot of Spencer. I got your 10 bucks. Therefore, I'll probably take that to Gulfstream and make it into 5,000. If I do, I'm going to get you half. No, good. That sounds good. Get out there. Then you got two hours till post time. By the way, our horses yesterday finished 11th and 7th. That's not back with 7-11, our two lucky numbers. So, maybe you want to take that 10 over to 7-11. It might be like, because you said it. Yeah. Now did you do my car yet? Or were you waiting for my money? It's done. Boy, that's great. Here's a guy. Even, even gives me credit for about a half an hour. Yeah. And, of course, if I wouldn't have been your Win Spencer came in, he would have gone out there and thrown dirt on the car to get a dirty again. No, I know. Okay, Spencer, thanks a lot and get out of here already. Yeah. I'm your friend, Spencer. As long as I got those 10 bucks for you, I'm your buddy. Gee, he gives me credit. Does he? I watch him. Okay. He moves around a lot. Okay, Spencer, have a great life. 10-51 at WIOD and speaking of Gostream, we invite you to join me for a day at the races. Oh, D. 10-55 at WIOD. Okay, and when we get back after the newsbreak, we'll start taking the calls because lines are basically full now. But, you know, I want to make it clear to you and I've said this a million times. If you don't like what I do, if you don't like what Steve does, turn it off. And, Steve, at a great suggestion yesterday for the Bluehares in his town, there is a station that all are two stations, really, that exist both of them on by the same company. W Lifeless and WOLD. And they're both basically for a geriatric audience. Well, Life is not only for geriatrics, but also elevator music for people sitting in a doctor's office, who have nothing else to do in our paying much attention. And WOLD is basically here, the old line talk, you know, a couple of these old parts that call Steve yesterday. When you got a tremendous responsibility to us, we don't have any responsibility to any particular group. We have a responsibility to be entertaining and amusing and enjoyable and listenable to a large segment of the audience. There are 40 signals in this market and there isn't anybody in the world that's going to please everybody. And in a major metropolitan community, one of the tremendous advantages you've got is the diverse choice of signals on radio and television. So, if you don't like program A, if you find program A objectionable and offensive, very simple, turn it off. If we were sitting here making slanderous remarks or doing things that were completely unacceptable out of rages, that's a different story. I heard the one guy said, well, if you were maligning blacks every day and making racist comments, but we aren't. And when I talk about senior citizens again, and I already did this hour, I'm going to do it for the last time now. Okay, on this radio station, I do that disclaimer about the fact we're not talking about all senior citizens and you don't have to any particular age to have the old fart mentality, you can be 20. Is that my comment? Is my comment? Okay. How about if we get on the air and call people, name them and call them self-hating Jews and self-hating homosexuals? Do you think that would be actionable? Could be. Maybe, maybe, deformation. It might be. It could be, is Harry Kerry would say. But anyway, now I want to get back to this point again. Make you people understand that you don't control and you're not going to control what any of us say on the air. If you want to live with Joseph Gerbel's in company and that kind of a fascistic or communist estate, then you can exercise that kind of control. And again, all you got to do is stop and think about the really repugnant right wingers on the air and this community. We've got a whole bunch of men always have over the years. Now they're repugnant to me. Some of you may find them wonderful. They're very offensive to me. They're very repugnant. A lot of the comments they make about liberals, about Jews, about homosexuals, are tremendously offensive to me. I have never suggested that any of these people be taken off the air that the public in Eugene campaigns to deprive them of a livelihood. I can say that I find them offensive. I can take issue with their positions. I can try to expose them for their bigotry and a hatred that they spread. That's fine. But to try to deprive them of their first amendment rights is outrageous and unacceptable. You have a to-em Spencer sticking to him. Look at Spencer, man. He's oblivious. He's got their car keys in a money. He couldn't give a damn much about this stuff. I can think back when I was on KAT and I think back to the witch hunts in 1977. He needed a Bryant days. And there were people in this community like Shirley Spellerberg and Mike Thompson and Alan Courtney who aired some of the most grotesque. There's that word again. Some of them are questionable. Disgusting, vile generalizations and stereotypes and in Mr. Thompson, Mike Thompson continues to do that by the way in a very routine basis. Yeah. That's right. Every week yet I don't recall Steve or myself ever coming on the air saying gee, the guy ought to be taken off the air. He should be deprived an opportunity to express his viewpoint. So that's what you have to grow up and accept. And that's what the born again fanatics just can't deal with. By the country with Mike Thompson, he had a lot of differences within the past. I think it's important for people like Mike and for that viewpoint to be on the air. I mean, how does it would be if everybody was in also so that we understand where some people are coming from. Anyway, that's for the start of the phones. You're full. We'll get to you when we come back because I see that there are a lot of people out there. At least eight who want to say something. But the henwebero is on a floor again in that newest newsroom. He's going to lay on the hottest Wild News. Welcome back at 1105. Steve this afternoon from 2 to 6. CYOD and Broward or 655 and 270 Wild in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 Wild. Unbelievable. It's 1105 at Wild at this awful terrible nasty show where we're so mean. I mean, you know, sunny rose in Burgen, Intendola, and Helen Dale City Commissioner remind me of a bunch of school kids. Okay, like a bunch of little children. He's picking on us and oh, that's terrible. And we got to get him off the air. We don't like him. Yeah, I look at this headline and I really have to chuckle talk host and Helen Dale renew their bitter feud. Like like Helen Dale is the centerpiece of my life. Okay. Helen Dale is like a tiny, tiny pimple on the acid progress. Okay. Then Helen Dale. I mean, Helen Dale is nothing. I'm sure that people all over the world when they think about South Florida, they immediately say, oh, I'm going to go down to Helen Dale for a couple of weeks. Then that would you always think of when somebody asks you where you live. Like if you're on a plane traveling somewhere and somebody says, where are you from? He said, well, I'm from like around Helen Dale. No, no, if you lived in Helen Dale, don't you think they say Fort Lauderdale or South Florida? No, I'm not. You actually know, like even if you lived in Daniel, you'd probably say, well, I live in Helen Dale. It's so much. It's so much better known right next to Helen. Then Helen Dale. And believe me, before I'm through, I'm going to make sure that it's well known again. Just like we did two years ago, they want to be on the map. They want to be the city of choice. That's true. What it is is the city of hate. I notice. And I'm not talking about all the people who live there because they're obviously are some very nice people there. There are some. But, you know, the powers that be you can control it and control the image of that city are going to make it into the city of hate again as they did two years ago with this myopic, narrow-minded, unconstitutional, outrageous, disgusting resolution. And it's just amazing to see a city body like that go after one individual, which isn't this and what they're doing. We're going to get even with him, boy. I'll be getting out on the Tuesday, the 21st of February is going to be that city commission's meeting when they're going to vote on this resolution. That noon. Yeah. Great. And we're going to be there. All right. You're on the air or we'll have somebody else doing a show here. We'll do something. But we'll be there. Depending on it. It's 11 away to WIOD for a lot of day all good morning. Nail, good morning. Yes. You hit it right on the head. That this whole town is home of public. Yep. I mean, that is- No, I don't think the whole town is home of public. There are just a certain groups and certain individuals who are extremely extraordinarily homophobic. And you always have to wonder about people who are so fanatical in their homophobic. You have to wonder just what it is that they're worried about or what it is that they're hiding. Well, I mean, you're talking to an actual living breathing 25-year-old gay man. Oh my god. Well, stay out of hell and they'll pal. It's gone for bed. If you get anywhere near somebody, if you look at them, they instantly look back at you. Faggot, Faggot, Faggot. Oh, well, there's no question that we have a ton of that here. This is the deep south and you'll find it all over the country. But we have a tremendous amount of here. As we discovered 11-12 years ago with the Anita Bryant witch hunts and she hit a raw nerve and a lot of people. Yeah. But the fact that this program has been so successful for the last 10 years now on different stations and different time periods and I've had so much success in a market indicates that the majority of people are interested in being entertained. And they're really not all that concerned about what people are doing in the privacy of their homes or in their bedrooms. And they do understand the difference between things that are said on the ear and obvious humor and so called trolling for sex on the ear. The interesting comment about trolling for sex on the ear is that I happen to know having been in this business for almost 30 years that on music stations used to be when AM was music primarily. And now on FM music stations, there are a lot of guys both straight and gay who do troll for partners on the ear. In fact, once a part of time not all that long ago I worked at a radio station where I can think of at least two different people who were air personalities had sex with individuals while they were on the ear. But I guess so long as it's straight then it does make any difference. That's okay. Sure. All you have to do is listen to that fabulous new station on FM and you hear them practice big drooling every time a woman calls. Yeah. And of course there are a lot of these guys that get like little numbers off the which hey big deal. I did a dating show for two years on a year at W. Snooze and we married off 37 couples during two years. And we had gay people and straight people and bisexual people anybody that wanted to give their number out and meet other people as long as they were adults. It's a free country. Okay. That's a bottom line. Yeah. And I'm not going to allow any group of homophobic fanatics to tell me how to live or what to do or who's in my house or you know it's just unacceptable and it's not going to continue. Yeah. I just don't understand it. I mean I work my profession. I clean houses for 90% of my customers are old Jewish ladies. They adore me. They adore my friends. I tell them I'm listening with my red headset. Every time I'm cleaning their houses to you. And they say, what are you laughing at? I tell them Neil Rogers and they go, oh he's so rude but he's so good. What are all these old farts in hell and day? What what happens? You cross the border line to Broward and they just instantly turn Yeah. As soon as you cross the day Broward line immediately is a grain factor. That was not getting. I said grain factor. That takes effect. But the thing is, I don't understand. Okay. I've missed whatever the comment is about this hell and they all count. What do they think they're going to do? Pull the plug on you? Well that's what they would like. It's never going to happen. But that's what they would like and they're going about it in a very, very sub-roso way. And I'm glad that it made the median that we can talk about it here. It's a legitimate news story and that the public can understand that they're added again over there. They tried the same thing two years ago and the only thing that accomplished was let everybody know what a bunch of fools they are over there in the in the government of Hellendale. Here they've got a crime problem. They've got a serious J walking problem. They've got a horrendous traffic problem. They've got problems with people who live west of the tracks over there who happen to be not living in such great wealth and comfort. They've got all kinds of social problems like any other community has. They've got a drug problem. I'm sure. And yet they have the time to allow a fanatic to come in and spend 40 to 45 minutes attacking me and taking things out of context, playing excerpts, all geared to bring them to a particular conclusion which they willingly did. Well it's, you know, the thing is is that you think the truth and they want to live. They want to live in their fantasy world that there's no poverty, there's no black. Yeah, okay. Well listen, I got to move on but have a great day and that they'll with all of them. Well they're put to the wall. Okay. Well, but it's after 11 at WIOD. 1115 at WIOD. Now one thing that I want to ask, and I think probably we should have done this a long time ago. Oh, great. There are a lot of people out there and if they make an difference whether you're a plumber, whether you're a garbage collector, a housewife or a doctor or a lawyer, but we have a tremendous variety of people who listen to these shows and enjoy them enormously and get derived tremendous pleasure from them. And if you fall into that category and you're listening to the show on Steve Show a Mike show in the morning, would I have your right letters to us here at WIOD? They don't have to be books or volumes, but just nice to get a note as a cross section to develop a file of these letters because there can be no question looking into ratings that we have thousands and thousands of people out there who do derive tremendous entertainment pleasure from these programs. And as I pointed at yesterday on my show, if you want a cross section of, you know, the, the FCC talks about community standards. Oh, yeah, to do is listen to my voice and quite with me and I'm up a little early. Oh, yeah, to do is listen to that show, yes, and you know, I put disagreeing calls to the front and it was all I could do to find four calls in the course of the hours to even take issue. Well, you know, lately we've been getting a lot of notes and a lot of letters from people in their 80s and late 70s who say, we enjoy the show and we do understand the humor. We, you know, we know the group of seniors that you're talking about and that behavior we find it just as repulsive as you do. I mean, it's a fact. I mean, this community is tremendously handicapped because of this so-called senior citizen mentality. And that doesn't mean we're generalizing or saying that everybody over particular ages a bad person or acts in a horrendous way. But there are far too many of them who do who want this town to be an outdoor funeral parlor and who want everything to be geared toward them. I remember the two times that I tried frantically to work on a casino gambling issue because I think that if we had casino gambling in this town, man, you couldn't hold us back. We'd be the number one tourist place in the world, I think if we had casinos. And who are the people primarily who are opposing it? Oh, we don't want it too much traffic. It'll interfere with our lives and order for it to my and a property values to go away up at our taxes on our condos. All these selfish reasons in other words, to hell with a community or to hell with people who want jobs or to hell with people who would like to make this a thriving economic area so we don't have to have drugs as our number one industry. To hell with that, just leave us alone, leave it let us have our condos and our adult communities. And you talked about, you know, the thing with the little nine year old girl and I'll be showing you did on the pets. And almost every time it's the same group of angry, unhappy, miserable old people who want everybody else to share their misery. I love that call. I don't know if you're listening when this older lady called in yesterday senior says an 82 something like that. And she said she was a regular listener to your show and she, you know, she loved it. And when she started listening to some of the things that you were saying about a certain segment of the older people, would you? Let's start with the old person. She examined her subjects. I realized some of those characters were within me and I decided I didn't want to be like that. And I mean, it was an incredible call. And I mean, not that we're here to chase people's lives or to, you know, do a public service or an entertainment show. But it's interesting how people can grow and change to listening to, you had no far to call it. And yesterday at three or four of them. But yet one in particular was talking about the language that we use. Yeah. A BIMBO. I didn't know that BIMBO was a BIMBO douche bag in old farts. And he was very exercise about that. He asked you if he went to a function somewhere and you met a lawyer or somebody in a suit. Would you use that language? You said no. But if I was introduced to a lawyer at a function and introducing my wife, would I use the term old fart? Yeah. And you know, amazingly enough. Even Bob Gilbertson, who's one of the headhunkers at Guy Gannett, which owns WI and Z and Zeta. During one of the many conversations I had with him about things that we did on the air and language that we used, I used that term old fart. I said, would that be objectionable to you? And Bob keep in mind is a very straight-laced ultra-conservative Portland main mentality. He had no problem with that whatsoever. He thought it was very, very inane and meaningless and he wouldn't have no problem with it at all. But the point is to this particular individual and a lot of these people who are living their ivory towers who never get out of town, never get out of the neighborhood that they're in. They live in their condos. They're supermarket is right next door. They're drugstores next door. They have their, they play their shuffleboard right on a premises to if they could go to some of the other markets in this country, like New York where many of them are from and listen to the language at Howard Stern or Scott Shannon or some of the other people use on the air. They'd say, wait a minute, what's this all about? And they would realize that we're like Lionel Playworld, you know, compared to any of these other places. No, it's just a one guy asked me if the people in real life, you know, my friends and all. Oh, I mean, my god, if I were to use the kind of language there. So, which ties in and we can kind of call the end of the show, the from Nova University, you said that he and his friends sit around and talk about our shows and one of the things that they discovered is that they've tamed down her language and they use fewer the four letter words and now they've substituted douchebag and mung brain and some of the expressions that they listen to on these programs. But, you know, so, so we obviously are polluting the minds of the youth of South Florida in credible. But, I don't, I think what we shouldn't lose side of is the fact that what's really at the heart of this is, you know, an individual's personal vendetta. And that's really what it all about. A homophobic personal vendetta. And as I said before, the idea that here is this out of the closet person who's been out of the closet now for over 12 years in his market and been knock on wood very, very successful on five different radio stations and making just tons of money can't handle that. Just can't handle that fact. In other words, if you go back at a closet like I need to said and you shut up about it and you don't, you know, you live in power and fear and everything. That's okay. But, if you actually talk about it and you know, you just go on as another human being who happens to be whatever you are, that's unacceptable to these people. Well, it's, I'm sure that was at the root of it. But I think it's important to understand that the maliciousness is not limited to homophobic. That's the heart of it. But all of the other malicious and then it comes in to that environment and it's really interesting because it shows it has nothing to do with the homosexual aspect of it. Anybody, oh anybody who doesn't agree. This individual doesn't, why anybody who doesn't agree with anybody who's a good friend of mine and who's an excellent writer for TV and radio and has been for years in a market at the news, not the son Sentinel. Tom Jika had a week that, and I'm sure he'd be delighted to talk about it. Now that this is a legitimate news story, threats intimidation, threats over at the Miami news, Howard Kleinberg and Dave Kraslow and just another wild witch hunt campaign, all sorts of wild phone calls calling him names on the phone because he didn't happen to agree with this particular individual's point of view. You see, I hate to break the news to you and I know the individual is monitoring and taping and a friend of right at this moment. The world doesn't revolve around your brain. Thank God. In other words, he, he's everything. The world according to him, okay? And the world doesn't operate that way. That's just, I think back to that day in court when you came and testified, you were not there for the latter session. And this is also a public news story. It was in the news papers about my attempt to get an injunction. And during the afternoon session for the little time that the judge gave us, Mike Thompson was called in testify against me and against you. And of course, to a tell the world that you're a liar and you have a bad reputation as being a liar, et cetera, and so on. And I think back to all of that and I'm listening to these two individuals give their rundown on community standards and what is appropriate to be on here and what isn't. And I realize that they feel that they're in a position to tell us what it is we can do on the air. I didn't know that they were the government. Now, maybe I'm wrong, but I didn't know that they were beginning and end of what it is that we can do on the air. So I guess from now on, we'll have to check with them ahead of time. Prior restraint, find out, you know, ahead of time, what's kosher and what's not. But the interesting thing about the using the legal system, because this is, you know, this is my pit peeve using the legal system to harass people. She said there, this individual, listen to my show for years, never had a problem. Never had a problem, never contacted a sponsor used to call me at home, my buddy, my friend always, you know, you know, yadding about you and stuff and what he was going to do to you and how he's going to get you out of the market. And then when under oath, I testified and then you became the bad guy. You know, the now we've got to make you out. Yeah. Now I'm right in there with you and everyone of my spot. Well, it's interesting how I love to find out I'm sure we will probably in the not to disinfuture in a courtroom. Why? At, you know, for three years, none of my sponsors were contacted. And then all of a sudden at a certain point, every sponsor and everything. But isn't the same kind of thing. The allegedly, the objection was mostly a lot of this recorded material and homosexual humor and so on that I did an I and Z. And then we went to Zeta and eliminated all of the recorded material the songs and the bits and everything and eliminated almost all of that kind of humor and it's sexual anything. I mean, no sexual references at all and you know something. The harassment never struck one day. The witch hunt never led up for a moment. So even after we took away all the material that allegedly was the objection, the fact is the core. The core. The objection is that here I am on the air and I'm going to do whatever I can to get Neil Rogers off the air under any circumstances. As he told me on several occasions in private conversations, but you know, the old saying don't take it personal, but the bottom line is it's personal. Take it personal. It's always actually what it is. It's 1124 at W. I. O. D. The Silver Anniversary Celebration continues in Pompano harness a total of 25 nights of excitement and prize giveaways. Now this Friday night, planned to bring the whole family to Pompano Park. They've got a night plan that fans of all ages will love. This Friday night, Pompano Park presents the world famous coal muffler Belgian hitch six Max Belgian draft tours is pulling restored turn of the century freight wagon complete with colliety. We'll perform at Pompano this Friday night. Bring the whole family and all the kids to Pompano harness to see the Col muffler Belgian draft tours team children and minute free to the Grand Stand with a parent. And don't forget to register to win valuable prizes every night during the Pompano Park Silver Anniversary Celebration. Posh you could be one of 25 nightly finalists who could win an accurate integrity, a New York City vacation or a 25 inch color TV, visit Pompano harness for complete contest. Tails don't forget easy to get there. It's right off the Atlantic Boulevard exit of I-95 and right off the Pompano exit of the Turnpike racing tonight and every night except Sunday, post time 730 at Pompano harness. Tonight on Channel 10, I witness news. We're just playing with the gun over a show and you will see the gun. And I turn my back and I heard the gun shot and I swear on the nice fireworks on the floor. Children are caught up in a deadly game. They're playing with guns, figuring senseless deaths. Tonight Susan's Doc Radio 6th, W-I-O-D. 1127 at W-I-O-D. We only take in one call. Yeah, well we're getting carried away. For a lot of Dale, hello. Hi, I'm a pair of invocation from Toronto and a lot of of my teachers that I turn into an into the station yesterday and I listen to it. And I just, it seems to me that these people in Holland Dale just need a new nose to hit and my parents are from a really senior part of Toronto and I've never seen a bunch of rude, obnoxious people when I've come here and gone into supermarkets and see the way they carry on. That is correct. And these are the same people that probably wonder where all the same to the San Francisco and the system comes from. So I see patients. Well, let me say this to you. They're not, may I hasten to point out that not all senior citizens are Jewish. There certainly is an element. There are Jewish senior citizens who fall into the stereotype but I caution you that when you start making anti-Semitic remarks that it doesn't is not very becoming. Mm-hmm. No, I know. I'm just saying this is an an area right now where it's probably 99% Jewish. And the way they carry on is supermarkets fighting with each other. I've just never seen that before. It just seems really strange. Okay, I appreciate your call but again, I read something there but you know, you have to be very cautious because then we went through that two years ago. The same thing where people start twisting into it's only old Jewish people. Jewish women in particular who behave a certain way and obviously it is not. We have an open line in Brower to 5249463, 524Wild Del Rey. Hello. Neil. Yeah. I've been waiting on the phone for an hour and you know something? You're worth it. Okay. Hey, did any of this? Well, we'll find out if you're worth it sir. All right, I'll give it a try. Did any of this crap rolled downhill and splash on Stan? What do you mean by that? Well, that Stan made her to his sponsors, Kitchen and a Characters. Absolutely. In fact, the Stan is a, uh, it's Glenn and Stan and I were forced pressured into signing a letter in which we agreed, not to mention this individual's name on the air with the exception of a legitimate news stories which obviously this latest thing is. But there no question. And in fact, Stan's show was being monitored and taped on a daily basis, just like mine, because Stan after all is a friend of mine and anybody who was a friend of mine is an enemy of this individual, whether it's fat rich, whether it's Tom Jick or whether it's Glenn, whether it's Stan, whether it's Steve and all of these people have fallen in the path and as you say, the wrath has rolled down on their heads. That's too bad. Neil, no changes. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in, uh, Boca 278Wild D, 2789463. As you're 1130, and let's go to Marguer, hello. Hi, good morning, Neil and Glenn and Steve, are you still there? Steve is a wandering in the hallway. Okay. I know Steve, my name's Lisa, I'm in Marguer and I've been listening to you uncle Neil on and off now for about 10 years and you know, back when you used to do serious shows, which I really enjoyed much more to tell you the truth. But, you know, as a broadcasting student, I just want to help defend your and mine and everybody else's first amendment rights in any way I can and if you want, you know, letters to Cox broadcasting is that we would like the letters or to men. Steve, yeah, or to the station or to me, Steve, whoever you want to send it to, I'd like to see copies of all of them when they come in. But it would be nice because I know we've got to tremendous cross-section many thousands of people out there and unlike what Mr. Rosenberg says, they are not mostly morons. You know, I joke about the pinheads and morons. But the fact is that we got a lot of very bright people in all walks of life who listen to these shows get tremendous pleasure and entertainment. People who are out there on the road traveling salesmen, people in their cars for other reasons. Lawyers, doctors, you name it. They're listening to these shows. Get in. Understand where we're coming from and are not offended by. They're not going to be offended by. No, there is. Can we write like to the FCC or to the judge or turn? No, no, no, be better to write to us here. Just write to Cox broadcasting incorporate it. It is WIOD. WIOD. All right. I'd just like to point out that, you know, I'm taking this kind of personally because I have a narrow minded, religious, sonatic in my neighborhood who is trying to stop my right to buy penthouse in adult films. Yeah, isn't that great? Yeah, see these people, they live in this very fascistic kind of world in which they can pick and choose, they can censor, they can determine what everybody else can do, what they can read, what they can think, what they can see on the radio, what they can listen to. And the rest of us are not going to tolerate it. It's not just not acceptable. All right, well, it was the first time I've ever called you, Neil. Well, I appreciate it. Okay. And you know, you let us know what we can do. And if we cannot show up at the city commission meeting of February 21st, we, you know, great. I'll let you know more. Let you know more about that as we get closer to it. But I guarantee you we're going to be a lot of us there, trust me. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Good one. Thank you. Good one. I'm embarrassed more than anything else for sunny rose and burgundy, a bunch of clowns over there and hell of they all. I'm mortified and humiliated for them because to get condented this, which is good. And willing, co-conspirators, and I'm sure they weren't given a lot of material up front and eggdendethes. And then sunny, of course, sing the opportunity to have this little vandetta. And of course, just recently, he wrote that letter, South Miami Magazine, how could they possibly write me as one of the ten best jobs in South Florida because I'm a this and I'm a that, et cetera, and so on. And so he invites this character to come and speak for 40, 45 minutes and lead this witch hunt and distortion and take things out of context and twist my intent. It's embarrassing, sunny. I mean, you're acting like a five year old child. And the fact that two years ago, I made a monkey out of you then, I got news for you. We got more people listening now and more support from sponsors and this company, by the way, Cox Broadcasting supports May and supports Steve Kane. 10 billion percent, okay? Unlike some of the people I worked for in the past, to were a bunch of nervous nellies and whoever the day would tell you different story, we have the complete support of this corporation, which is only worth, I don't know how many billion dollars, but these are people of substance and people of intelligence and people of character. And they're not just going to turn over and play dead for a small group of fanatics who want to turn our lives into a nightmare, who want to harass our sponsors and interfere in our business, including sunny Rosenberg. So sunny, I would suggest that you and your merry bunch of wild men over there in Halendale. Take care of the important things, you don't like the outhouse gang and all the other really big stuff that you have going on, it's put Halendale on the map. Maybe we even ought to get these sweet and low police reinforced over there too, why do you you're at it? It's 1134, a WIOD will be right back. D, 1137, a WIOD. By the way, the people who write these stories for the local newspapers, I mean, they get these stringers and these other people have no idea what they're writing about. And they do such a sloppy job. There are so many mistakes in the two stories by Lita Longa, who? Lita, Lita, whatever that is. Lita Longa is a leader because I spoke to her. And Don Vanetta Jr. at the Harold. For example, Don Vanetta says in the first, the second paragraph, WIOD talked to your host, Neil Rogers, trashed his favorite stomping grounds, the city of Halendale on Tuesday. Virgin, his listeners, to call city hall and jam the switchboard. Hundreds of people did. Nobody ever said anything about jamming the switchboard. I mean, if that's what happens if enough people call, that's a byproduct of people being outraged. But it's always interesting how they like to characterize and they do these little, in the Harold's famous for this, they do little editorial comment along with a new story. Instead of just reporting the facts, they throw in these two little editorial comments. For example, this $300 million lawsuit that the individual has filed in federal court against me, there is any lawsuit against me. It's against another company that I worked for before. It's not against me. And that's here in the news story. Unbelievable. And in Lita Longa or Lita or whatever her name is, she's also got some, well, I need to go into the one about this company and the, oh, I'm telling you, folks, the people who give you the news, they're really on top of things. Okay, it's 1139 in WIOD, South Miami, hello. We're here at the supermarket ride in Kendall, apparently a woman in aisle 13 was trying to purchase Swift P's when she was brought by a group of Dr. Dodson supporters who see on the Ted Bonnie's use of Swift P's. May all this people experiment with you. There is also a group from the anti-doctor Dodson activist, a CEO that listening to Dr. Dodson may cause people to compulsively befriend and videotape other serial killers. Very 110's, more than the woman shopping part was moving directly toward a Miami police officer, but thanks to new police guidelines, he merely stepped out of the way. This has been a live report. Okay, good job, excellent. Open line and date where our WIOD spy just called in 751 WIOD, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, maniel. Yeah. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Roger. I just want to tell you that you hit the nail on the head before. This juvenile delinquents up in Halandell. The whole problem is that just simply jealous of the program that you do have. I've listened to you for years and you and Steve Caner are pair of aces. I just wanted to tell you that. Okay, thank you, Roger. Thank you. So I'm 40, 20 before they look at that all the day line just went out of once when Roger disappeared. And 751 WIOD 7519463.B. Hello. Hello, Neil. I've been listening to the IOD for about three years now. I already on my truck. I've even got a sprued to nobody can change channels on me. But what I want to say is the thing that's going on here with this thing here. People listen to you show, but they don't hear it. They take one word out of context and make something personal out of it. Well, you know, the interesting part of it is the overwhelming majority of people who listen do hear and do understand the humor and do understand how it's intended because amazingly enough other than the city of Halendale, which has had a vendetta against me for two years because of, you know, the light that I put them in a couple of years ago by telling the truth. Other than them and this other one individual, there is, there's nothing. There is nothing there. In other words, we don't have any mountain of complaints or people who miss understand the humor or get been out of shape. It just doesn't exist, which is astonishing when you consider how widely listen to this program is. They're just nothing there. No, there's not. It's wide open and open and you need to take it into context of what it really is. Yeah. And it stimulates many things. That's just one train of thought. And I don't know. I had a lot more to say, but it just gets upsetting. Okay, well, I appreciate your comment. Thank you. Thank you. So, I'm 41 at WIOD and open line in Palm Beach. 65. Could you turn that down a couple of degrees today? It is just boiling in here. 65. 95. 96. 65. WIOD. Do you think we could get Scott to cut us a rejoiner that says that when you talk about the old people, it's not necessarily chronological. No, we could get J-Michael's to give a thing. It's just the joke. It's just the joke. Because I wouldn't want to steal J-Line. Maybe we could get Dr. Vots to record it for us. Oh, there's an idea. Plantation. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Glenn. I'm a year old street guy. I list you a long time. I don't always agree with everything you say, but I am entertained by what you do because I understand the humor in it. And when Steve has one of those contrived debates of the snow, so I've taken the back and haven't had the passing interest in, that's why I got a minute off button. That's correct. That's correct. The question button. Yep. And I can change another station. Huh. Really? Jocquing. Yeah. Are you sure? Is that revolutions, huh? It is. Maybe I better patent that. Is it my car radio? Like I got two FM band things that's like 12, 18 different channels that I can punch up. And mine is always like in one play. I can't get it moved. Well, I think you made me go over to sound advice and have the guys look at it. Okay. Yeah, they're specialists in pros and dials. Yeah. I understand the humor. I support your right to do what you do. And I don't necessarily, like I said before, I don't necessarily agree with everything you say. That's not the point. Yeah. Be humored in the entertainment is what it's all about. You think anybody should have the right to stop that. That is correct. They don't have the right to stop it. Is they're going to find out. Okay. You have a good one. You do. 1143 and WIOD and open line and Broward. 524 and 9463. 524 and WIOD. We got a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. My lips are blue. What can you tell me? I'm here for you. Any minute, it'll be right in. Thank you, darling. Be out your terrific. Don't let them get you. Okay. Take care. Watch those lips now. Watch what you do with them. My soul be in this bowl. Okay. That's great. Yeah, see, this is what really gets to these old farts man is that see, it hit a raw nerve. If there weren't any truth to it. Then nobody would have ever heard of it. It wouldn't have made the newspapers all around the world. But because there was so much truth in it because it hits such a universal nerve in this town where we've been plagued by this so-called senior citizen mentality for so many decades, people just went wild. Yeah. Because they said, hey, finally, somebody's got the guts to expose this thing that we are all strangled by here. It's so true. It's so true. He's a nasty guy. He used to be such a genius and such a bright boy, but he's a nasty guy now. Unbelievable. My mother was, I was in my mother's for lunch yesterday after all this frantic stuff that went on here and I walked in the door and within two minutes her phone rang. And she said, hello. And it was like five seconds and she hung it up. And I thought, what the heck was this? And she tells me a story about an elderly lady friend of hers with whom she had a disagreement. My mother was definitely in a right on it was an incredible story. A year ago or so. And every now and then this woman calls her up and gives her the raspberry. A year ago, and I said to her, I said to her, that is exactly the kind of thing I talk about. This juvenile behavior going back to your second child. In argument about something where the woman was totally in a wrong by the way. But even assuming she was right, a year ago, and the best she can do is every now and then call on the phone and hang on. That's a new meaning to the word old part. Yeah. Oh boy. Well, oh, here it comes. All right. I didn't hear the call myself. Now, perhaps when she calls and hangs up, she says, I didn't really hear it myself. Okay. We'll have to check it. I will do a little investigative reporting on that. 1145 at WIO, did we got a mobile and a Broward? Hello. Neil Good Morning. Yes, sir. Two quick points. First of all, I just want to say that I'm real proud of you guys. I think you guys are doing the right thing by saying what's on your mind. Even though sometimes I am probably a lot of other listeners don't particularly agree. In this case, let me tell you, I really agree with what you're saying. The second point I have is I have to admit a lot of an error on something I would my family and a couple of friends. You are so right about this place. sensational. Yeah, what are the briefs? Absolutely outstanding. I would even got me crazy in the beginning. When I walked in, I looked at the right and there's a picture in the arages. I didn't know you said you could look in the eye, Neil. Oh, yeah. How a good one. You must have been looking at Stan. That was you. Okay. Later. Thanks, slide. 1146 at WIOD. I don't think that was my type. We have an open line in Proud. 5249463. 524WIOD in Boko, which of course is oblivious. They don't even know what we're talking about. A 2789463. Now, don't expect Palm Beach to come. This is not probably in with John Levitt and I. Oh, Pompano, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. What is the address for WIOD? Just to Miami 33141. You don't need that street address. Ready? Big son of the answers. WIOD Miami 33141. Wonderful. And here to stand that they don't have Yuppy citizens special. I mean, what about all those Yuppies out here? Everything's catered to these seniors. They're some. Yeah. What about all the young families with their 23 kids who are trying to make it in the square, not a living, or people are sending two, three kids to college and trying to make enough money to make ends meet. How come they don't get a $2 movie or 99 cents special movie? We can't afford to go out, you know, all the time and have these movies. Everything catered to these senior citizens. Yeah. And the sad part of it is a lot of those people have got more money than God and live in their $6,700,000 condos and spend every day going out to see what the CD rate is today. That's their big pastime. And boy, don't take away their little discount man. That's what it's all about. Yeah. Why doesn't somebody have a drive to help out some of us younger people that are salaries just stay stagnant? We get nothing ahead. We're paying all these prices. What the hell they think would happen to follow us? Young people move the heck out of here. Maybe some smart, listen, maybe some smart business people will start a younger citizen the special. And if you're under 65, they'll give you a discount. Yeah, right. You bet. And it's too bad that those people in the house don't have enough business to keep them busy where they have to disrupt our rights. So listen to your show, which keeps my day going. And here we have to discuss just the S when we could be entertained. Yeah, we could be having a good time, you're right. Good time. Here we are. Listen to this clap. Okay, I'm with you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Hey, I got a congerous. I got a question. Yes. On this next city commission meeting in Helendil. Can we get to attend? We're going to do the show from there. Really? They don't know that yet. The norm didn't see her norms suggest that's true. I didn't know that. That's a good rule. If they know it now. I mean, there's no way they can keep us out. These are open to public. Public. The rest. So yesterday's thing was one of these where we had a first reading. Okay, this resolution. But then they have to have a second reading and have discussion about it. And then they will vote on it on February 21st or when that takes place, we're allowed to have discussion. And I'd be delighted to have discussion with these people up there because, you know, they didn't even tell us in advance that this is going to take place. They put it on the agenda. And then they go and they make, they allow somebody to make a 40 minute attack against you without any possibility of being represented or defending yourself. But that's, but that's see that is typical of the hope in this going on. I had no idea of the campaign of harassment against people. I know and guess and stuff until Norman went into the file on this thing. Yeah. And the hate campaign against me has been, if this audience had any idea, you said yesterday and it's true. And the nature and number of letters on legal letterhead by the way, to add some cloud to them that have been sent out to just about anybody you can imagine. There's a very nice lady who listens to this program, a big fan of mine, who happens to work at a church in the community. Okay, it'll call me one day and mention the church that she works at. Well, I was her first mistake because once she mentioned the name of the church and her name on the air that she was on the list, that she was on the list because she likes to show up. So she and her pastor received numerous harassing and threatening phone calls from the same individual we've been talking about, who did his thing in Haland, I guess today. And I just want the audience try to understand the magnitude of this, where a private individual who likes to show is called and threatened and her job is threatened and I'm going to get her in trouble in a pastor and trouble because she likes to show. That's just like something out of the Joseph Gerbel School of Broadcast. Was that the one where the individual threatened to turn her into the Pope or something? Evidently, I don't think I don't know, or turn her into a Pope or something like that. So I don't know, but she's not in to her credit and she's a lovely person. She ain't taken it sitting down and there's a whole list of people out there who have been similarly harassed, who also are not going to take it sitting down. You know, free speech is one thing, but interfering in people's lives and right to do business and their privacy and making threats, that's got nothing to do with freedom of speech. The rest is illegal acts. The rest is another thing, intimidation is another thing misuse, the legal profession is another thing. Oh, there's a whole long list, baby. Yeah. 1151 at WIOD. Charod is open now ready to do their thing. 1155 at WIOD. We got a mobile and a Broward. Hello. How old are you? It's Selma. I'm here with my friend Rosie. How old are you? Ha ha ha ha. I don't know why do the picker bill is cafeteria. Okay. We want to say a lot of carol feldman. How is your effort then? We want to say a lot of carol feldman. Oh my, my powder is a use powder deal. I don't use this. The sticky stop. Okay. Take a powder pal. We have an open line in Broward. 524 WIOD. We got a pay phone in Broward. Hello. Yeah. Good time, call it. Okay. Are you doing it? Okay. I think. Hey. You guys are great. I know. You know, this is a condo thing. You know, you can't tell this people if you don't write it. You know, it's turned out. When you know, Helen, they'll didn't get the message two years ago. I just, you didn't give enough publicity. You got in the papers all around the world from the Philippines to try to the United Kingdom. I mean, you name it. You got to put this in the Laman sense for, you know, explain. You get to get it for him and a piece of paper. Yeah. And I think it's something that they'll understand. The language will understand. Yeah. Crayons and piece of paper may affect right in because this particular individual we're talking about. And we're talking about the word all of this yesterday. Very often sends a notes in crayon, right? Or red and, you know, so, so maybe that's something they can understand. If they don't like to show you can't tell it. It's like, let's make the comparison. If you don't like the sweet and low, don't take it. Take regular sugar. Oh, that's a good idea. You know, if you don't like this particular place is early birth special, you don't have to go back and eat it. Oh. Well, that's kind of revolution. That is shocking, you know? Hey, did I understand this radio business? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know where they've had some of those fingers. You know, it could be something else. I'm not sure. Yeah. Basically in Hallendale of the City Commission. Hey, move around the topical that you see the, yeah. Do you see the news at point on TV? No. Yeah, they had an ad for the, yeah. Yeah, it's an old house, yeah. They've an advertisement. And they had a little trip from Rondo being on that. Yeah. He's in the nude and he's got a little black square covering his general, right? Mm-hmm. And I need to go this was on the show. Rob was looking at, uh, at our senior real time. He says, hey, the clothes don't make a man. I've seen him look down at his general area and says, well, in this case, they do. Oh, no, right. Was on his own as well. Oh, it's standing in the chairfritz. You know what they say if the slippery spit were him? Oh, the little guy's story for you. Yeah. Again, on the news this morning, uh, 10 or 7 news, they, they're running in the, uh, the big thing about the British invasion, 25th year anniversary, right? The Beatles. So, uh, yeah, exactly. So, we've got an old film clip, uh, Beatles coming off the plane at the airport. And then they switched over to, uh, the hotel where they're staying. And they proceeded to tell everybody that they gave my house floor. And, you know, the outside is just marred with people. So, there's no commentator cuts over to this blue hair. And the only reason you could tell is in black and white, the hair was, uh, you know, white is coloring the face with all wrinkles. But I swear to God, I saw this person in Holland there last week. I guess you get on the square as the same one. And those castes wondering what, you know, an old farted blue hair, you know, if they didn't like that, they could hit the button. Uh, is doing it the whole terror. It's all young people, all Beatles fans, right? Mm-hmm. You cut over to this old person says, what do you do on here? Oh, I heard there was an early bird's nest. I can't hear you. What? Uh, I don't believe it. Yeah. Couldn't believe it. What about this old person business, up in Orlando? How much material have you got? Uh, that would have been a great spot to pause and say, have a great day. But don't break your arm. It's a, it's a, it's a whole matter of time. You had to cut right to the next one. Yeah. So, let me, let me see in closing. Have a great day to this sensational job. Hey, thanks. You have good day too. Okay. Well, what I'm not, he was on such a roll there that I thought he was probably going to overlap into the news and maybe into the one a clock hour and got to know as we're else. But he was, he was good, just a little enthusiastic. What about this elephant business? Glenn has an off the or call in the studio from a local newspaper during the big new news break. So again, what were released? What a day. Really doing it here today. Oh, it is incredible. We hope we'll sure that they're monitoring in Hallendale. Man, this is given something instructive to do. And let's show every day and make take excerpts and take out little bits and pieces that they don't like and take them all together. And they just have a wonderful time. Let me tell you, Sunny Rosenberg, RT, RJ, whatever the hell your name is. On you, fakeers over there in Hallendale. One thing you are, you may not be good, but you're consistent. Here we are. Two years later, they still haven't learned a damn thing. Okay. April's got the new news. We'll come back in 1205. New stock radio 610. WIOD presents Neo Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day. 524 WIOD in Roller. Or 655 and 278. WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. And now, here's Neo Rogers on New stock radio 610. WIOD. Now, we're going to do it on the Air 1205 at WIOD. It would take the important calls here first. Carmine. Hey, hey, don't know. Okay, Carmine, we're on the air by the way, so watch yourself. All right, what's going on, buddy? Well, we're just just in here starving to death, Milly, mentally and physically. Who you have there with you today? Who would you mean who do I have? Besides going. Steve, can you? All right, does our state screen? All right. And I got a problem now. Yes. I have a catch to tick it, you had a ghost dream. Well, don't look at my eye. Keep out. Ali is brimming yesterday. Carmine, finish the 11. Well, I haven't been there yet. You're probably at race. Is this Carmine? Yeah, Carmine. Hey, don't go on. Hey, good. How you doing, buddy? All right, you haven't been there a long time. What happened? Um, I know the reason. Oh, no, no reason. Carmine, just haven't gotten over your way for some reason. All right, so I'll send all about half an hour. Oh, that'll be great. All right, take it. And now. Time to food. Carmine, just a bunch of stuff, you know. I know. Always depend on you. Thanks, everybody. I take it, buddy. I'm going to go for a giveaway before I gave them a tip. Don't think of it. I'll get to know. I'm cold. By the way, the bird today picks hot pillow in the six time with Michael Turso. And my pick is plate queen in the ninth race. That's in a big race to Shirley Jones Sandy. Can't that's a chalk, probably, with Craig Perrette? What is it? Plate, plate queen. Plate queen. Yeah, well, I'm big on all those queen horses. Anyway, it's 12.07 and WIOD. So get to the court. And now we've got to hear that. Can you try to control yourself? Oh, I don't want to. Oh, I don't want to. Whole story. What? Oh, you want to pick one too? Oh, I'm a monkey. Monkey, see monkey. Don't get involved in, okay. Stick with your baseball cards. Go ahead. Let's hear the how they'll digest. Well, I'm not going to tell the whole story, Bob. Why not? Well, what just amazed me was I not have no idea why the reporter called me. I know that a second time in a row that happened. I know. They don't want to talk to me. I guess my favorite newspaper. But the guy said to me, apparently someone, you know, calls to a, apparently someone appeared at the Hallendale City Commission and calls to all this. Apparently and I said, well, allegedly. Yeah, I said, if you open up the Miami Herald or the Sunset, they don't read these papers. There's gigantic stories about it. And he goes, really? Yeah. That's the Hallendale Digest ladies and gentlemen. Right there when you need a man on top of the news, underneath the news. So underneath the bird cage, they're going to talk to you later in the week. Or are they really? Yeah, well, there's no big hurry. Well, they only come out once a week. Yeah. Probably the end of the week. He said, he'll talk to you. Did he say it week? We could get a ride to it before the 21st when we have the big meeting coming up with a boat. Don't hold your breath. No, I didn't say the 21st of which month. That Hallendale Digest. And you see that paper fits so perfectly in that city because it's very slow. You know what I mean? Like the driving on Hallendale Beach Boulevard. Very slow. A oblivious comes to my brain. You know, I'm seriously, my dentist is over there on Hallendale Beach Boulevard. And I dread. See, most people dread going to the dentist because they are afraid of the drill. I couldn't care. I find it time I get through with this show. I'm ready for the drill. Okay. But the traffic over there and the building where they drive around looking for a parking spot and a stop if somebody comes out of the building they stop and they walk off traffic. Assuming that they're going to go to their car and open up a spot, you know. And people are honking their horns and swearing at each other and just going crazy over there. So anyway, one of the nurses who works for my dentist tells me always these horror stories about trying to get from one side of Hallendale. I'm not talking about my foot, like hard. Like over to the diplomat mall on the other side of the street, you can't be done. It takes like 45 minutes to get across that street by that walk. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, she got a cane or a walker and got into middle of the street and hold it up and stop traffic. And that generally is the way across the street in Hallendale. But boy, see, this is one of those cases where we hit a runner because of the truth in Hallendale. That's the problem. A runner. A runner. A runner. A runner. A runner. A runner. A runner. Okay. It's the nine minutes past noon at WIOD. Speaking of John Levin, the Palm Beach line is open. That's the only one. It's 655, 9463, 655, WIOD. I hope that Carma and bring some lunch for Cheryl because boy, she is looking easy. He's bringing tons of food. You can have a little bit. That's not going crazy all in one day. A little increments. You can increase your intake. Okay. Here's a mobile and browner. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay. This is Jamie and Marcie's brother. I don't want to make your whole day. I don't want to really excite you. Don't go ballistic. It's not Jamie and Marcie's loan officer. It's their brother. No, it really is their brother. I just came down from Chicago last night. I moved up there and made. I want you to note that I don't think people here really appreciate this weather. Everyone is very concerned about many different topics. But you've got to get into this a little bit. And mostly it's really good. Why don't have to get into anything. Okay. So, I think we're going to get into anything. We're going to in the middle of a impotent discussion here about a crisis on this radio station in this show and you're talking to me about the weather. Oh, you're you're hurting on me because you know, my brother. I didn't say that at all. Although, now that you mentioned it. I've got some gold for you and necklace perhaps. No, really. I've great to carry your voice is really. It really is just came down driving into into the city with my father-in-law. And we're listening to the show. He listens to you every day. Terrific. And it's really good to hear your voices again. By the way, we were wondering what happened to Stan. What's he doing? He's just still around. And the next person that asked me that question. I'm going to punch him in the money. If I had any news to report, I would pass it along to you. I spoke to him just the other just yesterday. And he and Lori went out and bought a fun dupe pot. That's the most exciting news I can pass on from staying. Okay. What a fun dupe pot. But we want to find it. Oh, wait. That is correct. Are you glad you asked? Hey, you guys take care. Okay. Bye. Boy, what a call. It's 11 past noon at WIOD. We have an opening where Jamie and Marcie's brother just hung up and Brower. There it goes. And I want to tell you about a great place to buy a great car. Toyota of Hollywood, the Super Turbo is just a sensational car. I'm probably going to do a bad thing in months to come. I'm going to keep talking about that car. Not about the Camry and the Crested and the Corolla and all the other great Supers. You know, they're all sensational cars with great starting tremendous workmanship. But the Super Turbo just such a fast car. And I don't want to talk about drag racing with those young guys in her Cadillac. Because that kind of leaves the impression that I'm crawling for those young guys. I don't know. I don't know. You know, you get a little bit too old for that. I don't know when that happens. But sooner or later you get too old for that. Anyway, Chuck got the tremendous selection and the great deals. And you're going to be just so impressed when you do business over there because they are the nicest people they treat you with kid gloves they put you be. The number you have reached is six, five, six, six, six, six. Six, eight, four, seven. Have been changed. The new number is 501, two, seven, six, six, five, six, eight, four, seven, oh, one, three, nine, eight, six, four, five, eight, three, five, five, five, seven, one, six, so four, two, seven, six. Please make a note of it. Okay. I don't speak all that last number. They're harassing those people. Okay, because they might have some emergency business. It's a 1250 to WIOD. That halondale line, you know, the more I'm sitting here and I'm absorbing that story like, oh, gee, there's something to paper about it. Wow. That's true. That's absolutely true. You're talking about oblivious slow. Slow and a very slow pace. So a snail's pace. Perfect for you. Yeah, this is perfect for how and how. Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi guys. Yeah. Well, listen, as long as the name Jamie's rather called, I'm car mine sister. Wow. Are you serious? No. Oh, that sounds so good. I try to get on our good side. That's it. Maybe I shouldn't be telling him, calling him from term barrett. They're right to turn me in or something. Yeah. You better watch John. Radio police, maybe knocking on your door any second. I know. I better be careful. I'm not going to answer my doorbell. No, don't. I wonder what's going to happen. It's ghostly clothes. Just sleepy article and yesterday's paper about the day. You're about to be the incestuous battle that they're having with our family. There you go. God, all we need is another hell and day in there. But they're like, like, centuries, village or whatever. Oh, boy, wouldn't that be great? We have like, when more sounds. Oh, God. Can you have a day? No, I don't think so. But they're giving food for us. Oh, God, for these stupid,<|en|>, sirks at Helen Dale, What else do I want to say? To what is Helen Dale, pay for Sylvia, this would be something interesting in the tomorrow. Like what? I don't know by your story, but last Christmas, it'll be another week. They already talked to him. Yeah, they're just getting wind of it now. God. Oh, dear. Lift up meaty. That you were talking about. Is that going to be open to this? Oh, absolutely. Yes. Cities commission meetings. I'll have to be open to the public. Oh, is that what's going to be a conditioning? Yeah. Well, we should get together and it will be there with bells on February 21st that's two weeks from yesterday. Oh, the 21st? Yeah. Oh, great. It'll make any plans now. Oh, no, no, I've got that on my calendar. And no, in fact, we might even get some of our sponsors to cater a little lunch outside and you imagine and how long they will. We'll be giving away sweet love. You roll, bring your bag. Uh-huh. Oh, I've got stuff to get nuts planned and tomorrow night. Okay. You missed it last week. I know. I know. See you. Bye. Bye. 1217 at WIOD. That would be great. Well, no, we could get a Joe or something to cater the affair out there and we could like somewhere in a public. And we'd also be passing out some incredible literature, too, which you give you a really of some public information, which most of you haven't seen yet. Uh-huh. But that's all to come. That's going to be some, didn't I say last week? I told you this is going to be the week that there was going to be some tremendously exciting stuff. And of course, at the time I said it. It was a good home. Oh, we just did Joe. But low and behold, we had this real Bonanza yesterday. And here we are. Now we finally have a place to give those bumper stickers out. Yeah. We give out those unbelievable bumper stickers at the Hellendale City Commission meeting on February 21st. Good idea. Yeah. That would be great. Okay, moving along to Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Glenn. Yes, sir. I'm calling from South Miami to Gateway to Hellendale. And I'll be nice to meet. So I live down there, too. Now, come on. I was a nice thing. Anybody call you a lot. I was wrong with that. Well, you don't live in the city of South Miami. Yes, I do. You do. The city of Pleasant Living. That's great. Another taxpayer. That's right. By the way, we understand that the OGIS City Commission is having an emergency meeting to discuss whether this program should be a lot of continuous. A lot of these scrollers comments I've made about OGIS over the years. Well, I'm asking just that to get on the agenda for the February 21st meeting, it's probably required that you either call or write to get scheduled first. Well, I'll leave that up to Norman Ken. I'm sure Norman knows just exactly a storming normal. Take care of all of that. OK, because the Commission in order to accommodate you, you know, they should accommodate everyone since Mr. T is not a resident of Broward and they gave him three quarters of an hour. That's kind of interesting. That kind of a carpet beggar from another county. I mean, a distant part, the southern part of another county, would come and speak to a commission in Broward County rather unusual, isn't it? Well, a whole proceeding was bizarre, at best. Well, you know, this this guy must be T. He reminds me of a guy you go to the movies, comes out and goes to the box office and says he didn't like the film. He wants everybody's money back. Excellent. Excellent. In fact, Mr. T, I like that. Yeah. Yeah, I think we've got to. Well, we have Mr. X, why not Mr. Mr. T and Mr. Z. We got him all. The letters cover. You don't suggest that we curiously call Mr. T's law office. No, I certainly do not quite the opposite. I suggest that you leave him alone. Okay, but I make that very emphatic. Let's let's deal with where it's going to have an impact. Okay, there's an old saying where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Okay. So don't even waste your time. Okay. Well, we'll see Mr. T with his chains on. Hopefully he'll be at the meeting at 21st because I'm sure a lot of you listeners will be there. I'm okay. We're trying to make it. Okay, depend on it. Thank you. Well, also we'll be giving out bumper stickers this Sunday and trade wins Park and Coconut Creek. A benefit for the Brower Humane Society. And maybe I'll even take some along to Gulf Stream Park on Sunday. And you're like that. By the way, that's trade wins park in Coconut Creek. Sample Road and the Florida Turnpike. This Sunday, Brower is best friends, classic and antique car show. Excellent. Okay, 20 past noon at WIOD. We have an open line in date. If he moved up too late, they didn't move quickly enough. Damn. Darn. Maybe it's the Helen Dale Digest call again to get the story behind the story. The Ellen Courtney program. Well, you talk about slow. No, that story epitomizes everything that's wrong with Helen. I mean, in a nutshell, that's it. That sums it all up. Yeah. Oh, yeah. There's something to paper to do. Wow. I did them bellies. Oh, that's where the guide. Okay. Well, let's move on to four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. My name is Rhona. 20 years old. I grown up in Houndew. Wow. Good luck to you, Rhon. My sister, her name is Terence. She writes for the Houndew Digest. Uh-huh. Yes. And we video tape. She doesn't live in Houndew. She lives in David. But we videotaped the commission meeting yesterday for a really- Really? And I was over there last- When she was watching it and she was writing her paper on it. Did you- did you happen to see that? No. Well, at one point when that man was playing a cassette tape of some of your material, they played that song, you know, Howlandale. Wasting away and hanging away and out. Oh, yeah. Very provocative song. Okay. I was talking about him, and he was playing it. And then when one- one part came, you heard like a flicker. And they moved the video tape up real quick. And here is one of the men on the commission panel laughing with his adib on his face. And he got a camera with his eyes. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Now listen, have you got that tape? Yeah, sure do. We need that tape desperately, okay? Okay. And we'll be more than happy to give it back to you so we can make a copy. But if you could arrange to get it by here anyway, we would be very indebted to you. Okay, um, she is she wrote a article on it. I don't know if it's gonna be in the next one coming out or not But uh, well sometime the next couple of months right right Okay, if you just tell me where to bring it by up drop it on okay hold on a second I'll put you on hold and the nickel give you all the info. Okay, and we appreciate it very much Hold on in Crannable so we'll actually be able to view this that's exactly what we're looking for now We wanted to pay to a subpoena the minutes so we know yeah Yeah, that's one great. This is tremendous. But I mean seeing it of course will have all that much more impact Sure, especially to see with the one commissioner just in hysteria That's song yeah, who the hell are you guys kidding over there? Oh, I talk about having a little post-pubescent fun. That's what they're doing over there Now can we take parts of this tape out of context and like edit them together? Yeah, yeah In fact, we can show sunny speaking and then we'll put the part where the other commissioner is laughing hysteria And it'll fit in real great 23 after noon at W. I O. D Oh, my 20 seven at W. I O. D and yeah, we're just talking during a break about the fact that these elected officials in Hellendale are gonna have to face the public again soon I'm not sure when somebody will call it and tell us when sunny and his crew of a commissioners are up a reelection and Maybe I'll move to Hellendale One for mayor Don't go crazy Come on, don't go nuts Don't overreact like a temporary residence. Wow I have an ant who lives in Hellendale right on the A1A in a beautiful condo Maybe I'll move in with her or maybe I'll just move her out and I'll move in there It's a really great place right in the ocean and I can say hi to sunny every morning when I'm walking the dogs 27 past noon at W. I O. D and let's go to Chuckie and Miami. How are you doing Chuckie? How are you doing Neil? Okay Listen man, don't let these people get the ad not stop Not getting to me. I'll tell you that if I was able to survive 19 months of abuse really and now we're finally Thanks to our antagonist when a position where we can really Bring it all out in the open here because it's a major news story. You know, I think it's great Well, let me tell you my grandparents and all lived in Hellendale and I say lived They moved out because they said all those geos cagani trussos, which is old blue hairs. Yeah They just can't stand it. You say so Chuckie They just can't stand any more so now they're living next to me in Kendall Oh, yeah, so that's an improvement. That's a step in a right direction. Yeah, but they have to deal with the traffic How they can move the homestead and really have it made, you know, yeah They would the raccoons and homestead. Yeah Listen, when is this meeting going to be there Neil? I want to I want to go Tuesday February 21st in Hellendale And we'll get we're going to get all the details and two weeks from yesterday So we got plenty of time to put it together We just had an offer from our friend Joe from Tastree or Tastree the caterer Our affair that we will have over there You'll provide some sweet low and some grapefruit Well, what a turnout we would have huh? That's good. I have to get off my diet just let anyone have something special for sunny too over there You know, I'll have you'll put a little something special together The wopples or something yeah, yeah All right Neil, well listen. I'd like to call my boy Tata do you spag anyway. Okay, Chuckie. All right, you're late Yeah, maybe some X-Lax flavored hollivar or something like that would be good for the commissioners over there 29 past noon at wio d we have an open line in date 751 9463 751 Wio d it's just amazing that we're back to this auto for against like is which in it? It's like dizzy Isn't it that was sick in the same thing? So everyone should pick up a herald or a son sent in all day and this whole story is in there of course You don't even remember miss in doing something today and not so we didn't give the number for the Hellendale city commission And again, we don't want anybody to be abusive or harass anybody But no question about it because the call on Steve show yesterday made a very clear that no emergency calls go through that number That switchboard. They're all routed through Hollywood So it'll let anybody give you song a dance, but certainly since the city commission has injected itself into a situation that evolves a radio station Is not even in the same county And in an issue that is not in any way related to the city hellendale Then obviously we have a right to protest It's it affects your right all of you in South Florida with the sound of our signal to listen to the programs So you should give them a call and let them know that at 4 5 8 32 51 4 5 8 3 2 5 1 is a number for the Hellendale city commission And you might want to get some information about that meeting on Fibrewood Find out the time and all the exact info you can pass it on to us. We'll have our Wio d spies doing little work for us While we're sitting in here. I haven't lunch in a few minutes, right? Yeah. Okay. Here's a pay phone in Miami Hello, hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? Yeah, my Okay, well, she sure picked her right guy. I'll tell you that 12 31 and Wio d we have an open line See I got my line under here. He didn't get out. Which is great. Yeah, we have an open line in Bosa at 278 even I like that one yeah, I mean 278 9463 278 Wio d boy He's he's a guy. You know, he called you a couple of days ago and I was on the floor because you gave him It was a I don't remember what the response was he said he wanted to buy a Dodo for his girlfriend and how big should it be? Something like that and you got a classic response with you. I don't remember But it was just I was on the floor. It was tremendous same guy. Yeah, so he's obviously in that general area He's got some problems. I think it was something that he should get a watch went to combat said for the Yeah, yeah, something like that. It was A formal holiday a little I need how you doing fine. I'm trying to laugh really Oh, you got to hear he got here the whole garden. Yeah, a little more spice out of that. Yeah, yeah You're lucky today. Yeah, I guess so I'm your guiding light fan. Yeah, but have you seen it lately? You're not gonna believe it. No, I've been avoiding it. It was my podcast work because I'm so confused with Marina and what's your sunny? I don't know who's yeah, I have to watch it for you. I mean, I just have to keep it up on the stuff So I'm forcing myself to watch it. I feel like when I watch at you I feel like Raymond in rainman I keep asking you on first because I can't keep up with it. Well, you have you seen the latest with sweatshirt and Alexander No, better becoming a couple now Oh, no Nothing the other day Who and the thing with Sunny's now coming out and she's trapped with Riva in a burning house Well, and it's true That ain't done, but I think they're bringing back Roger. Remember him from a long time ago Yeah, I sure he died years ago. Yeah, well But that never stopped and bring in anybody back before I think they're bringing him back Because they're in fact they ought to go into hell and they'll get some new characters because there are a lot of people Walk it around there who died years ago. They could bring them on a show speaking of psychotic Sunny and Tolera That that whole thing that's coming out with with them. I think is I hope her exit I hope yeah, that she's been the show. Oh, I think I would pay a lot of money for that Yeah But this thing with how and I I'm really I'm really upset that that they're doing this Well a lot of people in the audience ought to be upset because it affects your right to make a own free choice isn't or try to hassle me and get me off the air just like the Catholic Church It's un twice and just like this other individual doesn't and never ending vendetta Lot because they just don't and they can't handle the truth. There are no sense of humor They can't handle the truth and they want this just to be their town where you can only say what they approve of It's like I said it's like something out of Nazi Germany. I know I didn't even know you were a mouse through there without a border path Yeah, I'm not but I think it's I think it's really terrible that they're trying this again I mean you've had this for so long you've had these people that have been against you and and working up to yeah Guess what guess what I'm still here. I feel still top rated were making more money than ever before and life goes on I think one of the best things of all is that you have just taken this at every adversity and just run with it I mean they're giving you such great publicity by doing them. Oh, yeah, I mean they did it two years ago They did two years ago and they never learned their lesson so more power to them Yeah, well just keep hanging in there and just keep doing what you do and because I'm one of your biggest fans And I have been for many years and I just think you're great I think you should have a talk show on TV. Thanks a lot. Bye You actually have a talk show on Helen Dale cable TV I must have been what she meant No, I wasn't talking about her. I was just thinking out loud You know, so I could talk directly to my fans at Helen Dale Somebody sent me an article here. This is from model magazine with an article about Jason getric oh boy wow Anyway, it's a time to tell you that Valentine's Day's gonna mean an ex Thanks boy. That's good. Carmine you're the you're just a miracle man is what you are. Yeah He makes life worth living in this part of town in North Bay Village Hmm Yeah, we might have a com or two for Nick left in here too. Uh-huh. There's enough food for a hundred people here just take your choice Okay, here's a a Broward call here. Hello. Hi Neil. Yeah, um as you were given the number to the city of Houndel I was calling and I got right through in the lady answered that the switchboard and as I was mentioning Neil Rogers She said hold on let me get you that department and she connected me to the city clerk Who said that I after what exactly time the meeting starts on the 21st and well they usually start at 10 The morning will run away just in time for the start of our show I'd and they can run up until five or five thirty and I said well is it set then for February 21 She said no the agenda hasn't been set yet I said oh well is something was in a paper concerning this and it seems like it was already set for the 21 She suggested me to call back and after the city manager's desk So you might want to give that number again because I didn't get the right amount of paper And I know I'm going to call back and talk okay the number is four five eight or five eight three two five one Three two five one okay. I'm going to call back then the city manager's desk and if I know exactly because no These guys are gonna turn around and cancel it and you know you know something give you the right amount Keep doing that as long as they want and we'll be there okay Every day until they decide to have the meeting I mean they're only gonna do it on a Tuesday because that's when they have their meetings and they can do it every Tuesday from now till health reasons over I think or they can drop the whole silly thing in a apologize for and go on with the important business like they should be doing Exactly, we stop trying to mess around with my life Exactly also these Commissioner meetings are Televisons self-care cable But those people who live in hell, no that's correct So they can watch it Excellent, well from now on we'll have people a busy taping while they're on Yeah, and I just want to say one thing to my lazy brother Randy's at home He's not even working here and I just gotta tell other okay, so long the easy a douche pants here No, he's just a lazy bomb. Okay. Okay. I'll leave it. Thanks 1243 a Wild another one of our spies there little info We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 524 Wild Forces could huh. I'm having a great. What is that is that a calzone? Uh-huh. It's really delicious Never had one of four is oh everything they got is just tremendous Fast in the outside of one thing we should get treated well. You know what? Be sure do between pizza law We're talking about the people who bring food over here in Joe from tap street and considering you're dead From Siam's doll and you're such a bad guy. Yeah, can't understand it And the stuff from the armadillo cafe. Oh god. I just think about that and I go nuts Just I don't want to leave anybody out, but they're just have been so many of them And a role friend Red who used to bring all those great pizzas by and the other joint. Oh, yeah West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yeah, yeah, this is Ross West Palm Beach. I'm on vacation I'm not a senior citizen I enjoy yourself very much, you know, and a great completely with the priest feet a few but an hour ago You had a gal on it was you know going in heavily into the Jewish people of something and Supermarkets and you know and dieting everyone which I didn't think was right and you push and do against it Yep, but I mean it a couple weeks ago You made what I thought was kind of a sweeping generalization when you said well you were doing a commentary Some pretty small as to the couple boys and you said well you might have priest it doesn't Well, no, I didn't say that at all Sir, you want to have a conversation because I don't like when people boards in my mouth Well, you have no jokes. I don't sure So it's a joke that I use on here. I've used it for years I says if anybody ever met a straight priest call and that's a joke Now if you don't know the difference between a joke in an obvious ethnic slur where Maybe we need to give you some instruction You're a authoritarian to people and they take it is a sweeping indictment of the whole Please don't know sir. They don't because people listen to their show know that it's a Comedy and entertainment show, okay? Yeah But do they want to be offended by it more power to you, okay? Okay good enough. Okay, bye Prop 45 and W mildity we have an open line in Palm Beach 655 W milde There's a perfect example of what I've talked about people adhere what they want to hear. Oh, yeah, okay? That's for sure You notice he started out by putting words in my mouth just like somebody else We all know and love around here putting words in my mouth twisting and manipulating my intent Alleging that I said that you know all priest are child molesters Incredible and then by the end of the call. Okay, all right cuz you got nothing to back it up with because he knows he's wrong And he knows that isn't what I said and is what I intended For a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah, yeah What you want to speak to us you're just gonna play games What's up My name is hello hi I've been waiting for so long the phone stuck to my hand a lot of we had a lot of intelligence You had to be like these last two colors. They're not this is mono. Okay, Murna. How you doing? Okay? I haven't spoken to you in such a long time Well, I'll be done, Murna and I can't believe that someone just mentioned about the i90 You got your favorite this is Murna from Steve's isn't right I'll be there I said my name someone just came in the other day and remember that you know I always speak with you I'm making your name and I hear I am well governor yourself accordingly, Murna Used to send us over wonderful pizzas at i&z boy does for the days. I know but I haven't heard from you I knew you were on a diet and I I didn't know how you made out I went up north for a while Well, I lost 31 pounds so far Murna. I'm still still doing fine. I'm in limbo But I'm not am I. Yeah, I'm doing great. Oh good. Okay. Have a good one deal. You term are it's green Bye 17 W i o d and we have an open line in date. No, we don't it's ringing already the open line is in palm beach of course 655 9463 655 w i o d You know what are the guys one of these pseudo intellectuals are called Steve yesterday and these are the guys You don't have the guts to call you know speak to me face to face because they know that I'm not gonna sit and take their abuse But he said well, Neil deserves this because you know he's done this needs and let me tell you something Okay, no matter how much you dislike anybody on the air no matter how much you disagree with what they say No matter how much you despise them personally or what you think of them personally The bottom line is nobody deserves to be harassed to be threatened to have all of their colleagues and friends harassed And irritated and threatened Nobody you know nobody in this country should have to live like that and that's been going on for 19 months now So again in your own minds even those who despise me with a passion or dislike to sure or whatever Where ever they're coming from gonna have to separate your personal dislike From what we ought to be able to do in a free country, okay, and that's unfortunately what they can't do in hell and they'll They hate me with a passion. I made him look like a bunch of fools two years ago, which believe he was not difficult at all Was easy pick-ins And now it's like well here's our chance for a vendetta. We're gonna get even let's pass another resolution Let's interfere with the station and it would need all of it. You know, and if you think we're just gonna keep sitting back and taking a lie and down You're you're wrong you're wrong And that also goes for the instigator involved in all this too Who thinks that he can continue operating in the dark without any spotlight shining on what he's doing Without anybody exposing this malicious hate campaign that's been going on it's all over pal the party's over and the warm has turned And now that all the Investigations of me and he attacks against me now. Let's turn it around a little bit and find out where this individual's coming from and what he's all about, okay? Right, what's this all about What are the real motivations who are the other people who are directly or indirectly involved in this? Oh, yeah, now let's start looking to you know from the other viewpoint 1249 it's 11 till one at WioD and the sports channel has got it all man I'll give you an example of the kind of great eventual miss if you don't have the sports channel on your cable Tonight it's 1253 at WioD right in the middle of lunch in case you wondered and Did it to be signing things over here in the room next door? So if it sounds like the whole world is vibrating You'll understand they're just doing little little technical work there remodeling reshuffling Fort Lauderdale hello up on the hill. Yeah. I have a great power now story for you I think you enjoy, okay my mom used to on a travel agency down on how they'll be triple a bar right here Gulfstream So when I was a she used to have a water cooler that she's got a coffee pot there So you know these people from down there once in a while, you know, they'd look in the window They see the water cooler in the coffee pots and you know they come there and then they take their coffee there Water whatever and my mom you know she's kind of easy going she never said anything And you know always maybe like two three people a day That she used to keep a box of Nundary cream a box of sugar and a box of sweet low. Oh, oh I she couldn't understand why she was going through a box of sweet low every week So what had happened? I guess they started telling their friends about it And it was good one more people So one day I was in there and And I had a job so I lost to my mom and He's well man walks in who's probably about 140 He comes up in the door and he has an empty one gallon no container So I'm looking at him and I say to myself I can't believe What I'm seeing what this guy is gonna do He walks over to the water cooler It starts going up this empty no gallon Now walk over to my said excuse me sir, but this is not a public water fountain The guy told me he keeps going up the water I grab them by the arm I call me a squirt and not the door I grab the water container from him and I throw it halfway down now and they'll be too full of rod The guy gets all excited He calls the police oh god Police company office I told the cops story the cops just laughed He rung it off and he left And that's a typical how and therefore you're up. That's it in a nutshell you got it I just thought I'd shout out with you and I think you'd have bet so I ain't in there and don't worry about nothing Okay, we're not worried believe we're having a great lunch Hey, and then you'll see you later. Bye. Thank you. All right Okay, of course because we are having lunch it means a little music can't hurt right So the savage bees including sunny and RJ and all our good friends over in the city of choice Just waiting for their neighbors special to come We're still waiting good Searching for the false teeth they left in a glass And how they claim that there's a talk home to blame But they know It's their own damn fun questa Butter Get theadas Just Want to see I get over here I start stuffin' roses we're goin' that bad Wasted away, I can't get over how Lookin' for that long lost father of you And how did it say that it's all the truth Was a day, but for some, and I'm on the beat You're folks don't know the reason Why nothing is pleasing The muscles they can't keep just don't fit But what doesn't matter When they call up kneeling in the shadow I hate you kneeling never listen to your shum I'm waiting away again and go to hell Just the bottom that I'm used to let him ready I'll never claim that it's the top home to play But kneel knows They can't wait for his shum And how little it claim that it's the top home to play But kneel knows They just can't wait for his shum What time, you go, I'll tell you that's the end of the hour Right up on the news, fantastic work Having a little uninterrupted lunch here, little feast from for us April Wardam's got the Wutaclock Wiod News We'll come back in 105-ste from 2-6 sports stock Tonight is always 605 5 I do for Wiod D. and Broward Or 655-278 Wiod D in the Palm Beach Other areas may call colette The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers I'm not necessarily those of the station Now here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 WI Carol E-Plaise E Okay, one o six. I'm sorry. I stepped on scum a little bit there, but you know, she's a ran out of here I just wanted to let everybody know she's eating up a storm. Come on April we got all kinds of pizza here at the beginning It's like a gigantic gold orgio in name Everybody knows you a pro I don't want to know me as a pig Are you trying to say that because we're eating on the air where pigs April April just said we're pigs Let's get that on a 134 update, okay? Okay, we got a call in land 10 and we got to get right to it because you know we don't get too many from land 10. Hello We don't get much we get the inquire from land 10. Okay, no, ah, that's enough for me I heard you show yesterday in Steve too. He did a great job on the white Yes, he did me generally, but I lived in Brown County for 16 years in the last 10 I owned my own house You know what they call a transition neighborhood which was originally built for retirement community and then the young people starts moving Oh, no, oh my god you remember when Channel 51 Head the adult movie. Yeah on TV. I'm TV that's right. I didn't even get it We had the group little groups of all people coming around Attention to try to get up. I mean, I want to tell you something about those people those are the same ones Who used to sit in front of the set and tilt their head sideways That could be between so they could see between the squiggly lines. Okay, believe me They came to my house with a petition. I didn't have it, right? It made you know what you sign this petition that's a pull what they're showing adult movies. Oh, yeah As well, yeah, you know, I don't get a while when I saw it But they wanted me to sign a petition for something I didn't get so somebody did my one it couldn't get it Incredible I couldn't believe it Yeah, that's something you had to pay for Yeah, typically you had to pay for don't confuse them with a fact. Okay, they got nothing better to do than to try to make everybody else's miserable as they are Well, I wish you guys about the nine thirty nine years old and I guess I'm in your demographics But I love your show listen to you every day and I'm home. I'm sick today and I'm still listening. Okay We appreciate you better. Thanks a lot. One-o-a-d-w-i-o-d In open line in land 10-o-655-w-i-o-d Get that off of the average disgusting Turn it up a little louder, go, Trudon. Are you people listening again? Boy, you can't turn it off. Yeah, I know they cannot turn it off and just like I said those it reminds me of the women At what was that MacArthur beach up in Palm Beach when I was there and they had the big to do because they used to be the nude beach And were these big talk condos like about a half a mile up the beach And the old women there started a big similar about the nude beach and they finally got it The illegal to be nude there because they used to stand on a chair as well. They're been occupied That's them and every watch it will fall off the chair You know, then they would want to sue MacArthur for the You know all kinds of insanity that's it Okay, here is a four-later deal. Hello. Hi, I'll go out and I'll update for you. Okay It's going on the agenda on Thursday February 16 And you can pick up a copy at the city clerk's office. You mean they meet on Thursdays also? That's what is going on the agenda That's when you make up the agenda for a nice seat for the 21st right and You can get a copy of it. You want a little give us five full days to make plans And for some one or a reason they want to know what your name is we had calling to because I didn't get a tone Really, I don't just tell a moishi puppet. Well, I'll be half with my Mr. T. Yeah It's better than the soap operas that is correct Great Thanks for the info. We'll be there. Okay. Thank you 9 minutes after one at WIO. They probably have to bring my body guard there too Depend on it. Oh yeah, I'll just reading a little note. I mentioned before if you want to write letters of support and you're just Put up with all this crap in this attempt to harass and suppress and Sensor and right to a mic Disney our general manager expressing your support because it you know Nice to get a file of living and breathing people and just into a mic Disney General manager WIO D Miami 331 for one That's Mike Disney as in Walt you know same kind of clown WIO D Miami 331 for one there's some spaghetti in air by the way I just brought by It'd be in the neighborhood when you heard that Flora's brought 400 pounds of food. There's a calzone in there. I think I had one of those Oh, there was sauce here for the calzone you didn't even open it. Not necessary. Hmm and there's some canolees Oh, yeah, the castellano's just like you said don't forget the canole Here's a mobile and point and be chill. Oh I think are they going? No, this is point and be chat of people. Oh, it's isn't a car. Well, yeah, you're nitpicking a car Pace phone portable phone. Yeah. I'm a truck driver and I run around all the way up to Jupiter every day before Lauderdale And I got to tell you I listen to you every day Neil and I can't believe what these old parts are trying to do over in hell And they all I really think it's a pity that they don't have better things to do with their time They pick on a radio talk show host who most of South Florida really enjoy yeah pretty childish in it Yes, it is and I also would like to say you know I'm a 27 year old heterosexual male and I identify with you completely I have no problems with any of these allegations that they make against you and by the way It's really not an business what you do with your life exactly exactly you know just like somebody sent me a picture in Jason Getrick here in his article about hot properties and I got to tell you this picture is fine in my book, okay? And if there's anybody out there doesn't like that and things that all gay people are gonna cow her in a closet and be submissive and and Continue taking abuse from my handful of phonetics they're wrong baby because it ain't gonna happen Yeah, you're right and I'd like to have one other thing also This morning when I was driving my car to work I have happened to my car. I don't know truck But I have them in the car and Apparently they don't really miss as you a lot because they're playing a lot of your stuff and they're using a lot of your Your phrases Well, I have one thing to say to them, okay. Are you ready? Yeah, ready? How a great day. I didn't appreciate it. Well, I just wanted to call and give you my support and tell you that What behind you 100% and I'm sure most of South Florida. Thanks a medium Bye Problem at chapter one at WIOND and of course 80 know it figures that most of the people who are listening now I love the show and enjoy the show and Steve and what we do in a station most which is one one Mo and there are a few masochist out there who hate it, but they realize it without the show They'd have totally you know empty lives have nothing to do and Just a very small handful. That's the real shame here in the real crime is that we got a handful of Fanatics and I mean just a tiny handful of people who want to deprive you of your choice of what you want to listen to Who want to dictate to us what we can do what we can say what we can talk about Where we can work and it's a lot of crap. It's it's fanciers and that it's worst, okay? Move it away along. I bet you they love this sponsor too. They're still time to win your Valentine's heart and soul and more Stop into patties place only sexy things for your someone special and patty by the way Who's a steal Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D 115 right on a nose a WIOND Steve will be along to the 6 I assume with open phones today. Yeah, yeah, good guess Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. This is Patrick J. Lions with the CIF organization We're recommending that until this crisis is resolved the city of Hell and they'll be placed under Marshall wall With a 10 a.m. The 2 p.m. Curf you and media blackout Good thinking, bow. Thank you. You got our support Our serious serious support. We have an open line in date 751 WI O D and Palm Beach hey Palm Beach is blind. How do you like that? Is that a shocker to you? Like I said they could be dropping neutron problems in a middle of Lake Worth and Palm Beach Would still be open 655 WI O D 655 9463 Miami. Hello. Hello, hurry. Okay. Hey Let me tell you everything's yesterday. I've just just really really been Flabbergasted by what happened. I think the word is apoplectic well, all right, apoplectic all right I'll drink to that I'm not surprised there's nobody in Palm Beach today, by the way. Also, I wouldn't be surprised if there was nobody in Hell and Dale today I want you know, I'm going to the meeting on the Tuesday if you need a bodyguard I'm available. I weigh about 300 pounds. Okay, okay, and Also, I think maybe the people in Hell and Dale what they should do is Go with the media blackout from 10 to 2 what they should do is contact WGN Chicago and get while he Phillips abroad cast on yeah There you go that would be right up there out. Yeah, yeah, and I don't know what would he have to steal dollar Gary Meyer ever No, forget don't even mention those names. Oh, I mean, you know You're you are a little bit whitebread compared to them when I'm a black that is correct That's why this whole thing about community standards and about all the stuff that I allegedly do on the year This show is like like white milk, okay, or vanilla pudding compared to Howard Stern Steve doll and dozens of other Contemporary broadcasters all over this country and major markets and you know The bottom line is this a bushley town. That's why we have to go through this most any other place in the country If I did this material on the air, there wouldn't be a whisper or a peep from anybody Truly You know the funny thing is is that I get very angry sometimes at your agenda is or you know the way you will add them to show But that doesn't stop me from listing these you are entertaining and that's why I listen Okay, I appreciate it just remember take no prisoners. Okay, all right So one seven-tay to Wiod and we have an opening in date if you move real fast now seven five one 9463 and That's flashing bulk of two seven eight Wiod two seven eight nine four six three Maybe even veggie will call in Oh, come on Not just a joke. He called before with a message and I just freaked out make that call to say that yesterday Didn't call to be on the area. You wanted a bumper sticker. Well, we're not giving out the bumper stickers You had a badge and I'm sure that even though you want us to you know change your whole agenda for your personal convenience Well, we're ready to figure out a way to do it. We'll let you know don't joke about that. Maybe he'll Don't even joke. You can't joke. Oh boy. Excuse me for that sneeze on the air Ha ha ha ha ha 1-18 at W-I-A-Z and we got a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, don't know okay? You're a lot better now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a good combination sneeze up Listen, I think that on that meeting you should bring up brother Paul and all the homeless people that benefited from their $40,000 and see what they had to say Well, this this particular individual who's harassing me in this station Even attempted to Intimidate fat rich because he sent the tape set now here keep in mind here. We raised almost $40,000 for a homeless they bought a van to transport these people to Jackson get a medical treatment And it was just one of the most positive things. I think I've ever been involved in in my life And the guy is trying to twist and manipulate and distort that hole effort to add that to any of the idea of just what lengths this individual go to to try to create problems for me and anybody I know Anybody who disagrees with his warp view of the world Absolutely here someone who's doing some good for the community and not you know helping out Texas for goodness sake you do for the community. That's right. And he wants to put an end to it. You know I got a good blue here for you About four months ago was in Atlanta was in shop in center called Lennox Square. I think it is I can't remember the name of it and I'm walking into the morning to diswemble lady in older lady in an old Cadillac waiting for a parking space Well before she can pull in here comes a young kid in a nice little sea I'm pulled right in he gets that a car she gets down and says hey, I was waiting for that space He goes well on me on in fast. So there you go. She gets back into the car Wow into his car Oh Jump over and says, well, I'm old and rich so go call the cops And I said that's the epitome of all the people You remember the it was Meg Green was her daughter. Do you remember that? I told us that story about her daughter having your car keyed by the sold-fart because she took a spot that she didn't even see him there And she went to the spot and he claimed he had been there first and started a big stink and they he'd the car when she went inside At Christmas time with you. Yes, at Christmas really gesture of good cheer and stop for the spirit Well, hanging in there near I'm right behind you. Okay. Thanks. Oh, yeah, we got it Bye bye He had Wild we have been opening your dates so to speak at 751 9463. Let's take that bokeh call. This could be interesting a Howard listener. Hello. Yeah, hi I originally moved out from New York and you were you were talking about Howard show in New York that people down here would have a stroke Let me tell you something. I've always said this Howard and I think Howard's hysterically funny on his good days There's some days. He's a little ponderous, but he can be tremendously funny, but Howard would last five minutes in his market Because they was such a perocule bush league time and they'd be screaming and carrying on a bad And I bet you know and they would run them out. They would run them out on a rail He would do lesbian dialo. They one time and it would be all over That's absolutely they would have they would have sent his video down here and run his video on cable Yeah, there you go. You into Hallendale on the stilker cable and Hallendale absolutely well keep it up Matt thanks a lot Right one 21 to Wild on your team station 610 Wild That's your team station is opposed to the other talk station, which we call your lame station Anyway, we have an open line in Boka 278 9463 278 Wild Don't you understand that everybody who comes in and participate what are you looking for food? Something you lost News copy isn't that incredible there are a lot of ladies who come in here looking for something they'd lost like their virginity But they never found it again. I don't think he left us in here. Now it's not in here April. Oh, excuse me 22 past one a Wild And I want to tell you about a great place for a great deal on a great car Lot of greats in there, right? It didn't view I OD. Hello, I'm Saul and I'm Harry here to tell you about a special place From New York is the Pokemon That's right. I want to go to get a big front It was that in the Pocano's he can build a big That's the place For the two of us I got a nine go for Saturday Grunge Or by the food on top of your tears I hope it's kosher in the Pocano's Guide up and Buck Hill Camel back and was killed My naly and Johnny said she even Mickey Rooney No, let's rock and let's go Oh, we let's go home getting into Pocano's We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show With Tony or Lando in a Pocano's Get a hot shate You're for a champagne Sit by the pool and act like a job Let's get the chicks who can meet in a girl Over by the exercise club Hey, chew the overhand of Pocano's Guide up and Buck Hill's Camel back and was killed My naly and Johnny don't forget Mickey Rooney Play rock and let's go Oh, we let's go Pocano's We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show With Tony or Lando in a Pocano's Let's go if I get to teach this I don't have got my teeth in the back But the water in there Alright try to come down everybody 120 seven a W.I.D. Like a bunch of little children in here fighting over a lunge Okay, there's enough for everybody, okay? Yeah, in fact the rich is drinking the sauce Look at that they brought like a gallon of sauce Rich is drinking right in the container Susan and Lando you're wonderful folks, but not this week Okay, this is not going to be the magic week, alright? It just isn't just one of those things Okay, let's go back to the cause we do have an open line in Bocove You move real fast now like kind of like they do in Hallenale at the digest Who's seven eight nine four six three two seven eight W.I.O.D. Hollywood hello. Hello Neil. Yeah. It's kind of hurtful I'm so in Harry, you know I know you're not going to reverse I know you don't get the hairl but in Sunday's Harold Rosenberg Sonna Yeah, wrote a letter to Harold Crazy Hollywood City Commission and their Gestapo Code enforcement for going out to 441 because somebody had more than two American flags Turns out that violation of city ordinance Oh yeah, that's another one of those really important things That people like Sunny Rosenberg get involved in Yeah, and that's the sad part when you got a bunch of these condo commando types and their positions like mayor and city commissioner All you get is the same kind of thing you get in the condos You know they're worrying about all nitpicky things and the big things The real problems are way beyond their scope to deal with Simple they care to they cater to old people living the condos That you know they get more votes per square mild and people that are actually living And breathing That's right. Rosenberg actually said he actually said his letter to the hero The he went from county line all the way up to 4 Lodry on county amount of places It had more than two American people Oh yeah, I'm glad that he's got a rich full-life officer And he's got no wonder he and our good friend You know have so much in common They've got rich full lives and have got so much spirit time to do all these Very important investigations Saying is if he got over 10 I wonder if he took off his shoes to count Uh-huh. Good point. Yeah excellent question. We'll have to check it out This is true. Okay, and you'll hate good luck man. Thanks a lot. Bye. 129 at Wild we have an opening in Broward 524 9463 524 Wild We could be really having a good time today. What I guess we're having a reasonably good time out of the circumstances But this is it's pondering man. What are they ever going to learn that it's just a tremendous waste of time and a lot of money and a lot of hassle And it just ain't going to happen because I'm not going anywhere. Okay. It just isn't going to happen Sonny and others So you're going to have to reach over right now. It takes a lot of energy and turn the dial Oh, no, I'm going to be sure that those geriatric old farts in Hallendale on the city commission They're all listening right now and they're all just sucking it right up That's right. Uh, Boca. Hello Yeah, Neo. Yeah That's one of the geriatric lists that's calling for boca Bad accent pal Yeah, I just want to say that thing that you own you know this doesn't stop stunning a little little something You know because you're taking care of your obitron rating Yeah, it's a big rating promotion. Oh, yeah, evidently listen more power to him It is a big bad accent. It's a terrible act. I just want to call it a hello Hey What a terrible accent for a radio pro like 10 or by the way, there's some pretty filthy stuff you're doing too well I've got to do something about it Cut the grant panel your next The DINIA city commission is meeting about you. Oh, they heard about your antique attack the other day and they're pretty peot about That's gonna be able to hurt from you in a dog's age bill I have to drive the camp that day. You know, it's a radio Yeah Now I'm about you working better I'm checking myself to actually abuse today, you know And I'm not losing and you guys are raising her I'm not going to pay for how ridiculous Yeah, not incredible. I got nothing better to do over there. They're going to try to get me off the air in Halondale They should they should live so long. You're part of the expression What if the engine is could re-upt something to go direction or to avoid Halondale Yeah, we're going to try to work it and trade them all in our signals so that we like there's a big low General if I can say that or not, but like a big a low bread around Halondale we can avoid it at all cost It would be great I think you do a promotion. I can have no particular sweet and low with your name on the back of it. Just picture Yeah, there you go. What a guy You guys carry on your condolences Okay, clean up your act bill I don't buy Bill Tanner amazing What? Oh, great to hear from 131 a WIOD. We have an open line in Broward if you move real fast 524 9463 524 WIOD. Look at this Johnny Dolan's water right here Two all the radio superstars are showing up at the same time God can we handle the pressure he asked? I don't know I don't know man. It's a it's one thing to hear from Tanner but when Johnny D walks in a studio Would you like something to do? Oh, honey God don't ask him if he wants him. He looks like he's having rosemary's baby or something I'll just cut the crap leave him alone Stop spreading all this stuff around beside no please put your clothes back on okay Let me just look at my picture adjacent get ready to be alone in peace Yeah But anyway, if anybody wants to know where we get a lot of that really sub-roso material Johnny D That's right That's right in him man. There he is. He probably stole it off from i95 That was exciting yesterday when I got called in play that that tape of Roy's grow on the show That was good. Yeah, I wasn't really roll it was a poor man Earl Jules just squirrel juniors Yeah, I was really good. Anyway, it's 132 at WiodD the bokeh line continues to be a vacant just like the community up there Two seven eight that'll be next the bokeh city commission's gonna go after our ass next man. They're gonna nail us in bokeh You betcha because they're pretty sick and tired of us picking on bokeh two seven eight Everyone's freezing in the station nine four six three. Are you freezing? No, I'm very comfortable. I can't hear it. We're so warm and clammy. Yeah, I'm not better You know their blood pressure is all pumped up. It's just not working anyway if you've ever been turned down for a load 137 at WiodD Everybody ready to collapse now. It looks like lunch is pretty well cleaned up. Yeah pretty well too Okay, let's take a few of these calls here before we moesy long to the news at two which is only what 22 minutes away I thought I'm in a hurry for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey Neil has a gun great and bird too All right, so listen it's been a great show. Yeah, and I guess I pick a bad time of going vacation Oh no, oh, you're gonna have to rearrange your plan. Yeah, there'll be so much excitement going on next couple weeks You know it's pretty yet because I'm gonna leave frack Saturday. No, no, you'll get your priorities straight Yesterday before the show we know that the closet doors are all light open man. It's gonna be a lot of excitement going on around here Oh boy, well, I got it going in a vacation just no way out. Okay, well, call in where you going. We're gonna go up the mountains Up and no smoking mountain. Oh, yeah, will there be phones around up there? Okay, well, let's call us collect call us collect. I got to tell you a story though real quick Blue her story. Yeah, you know that you know that I don't know if you wanted to admit that you've been too hell undiable for right non occasion Yeah, since they put up that fence and decorated with like a no on the boulevard Yeah, on the median and you know how it's like a rickety rack fence. Yeah, and they decorated with some trees and stuff I swear to God about two weeks about driving through there and it was an old blue here guy with a cane bent down between the two in the middle climbing through going to Albertton. Oh, Jay Why don't it's Albertton's but he was crossing the street. Yeah, the diplomat and I just roared I beat my horn gave my thumbs up You know, but I had to call it in and well, you know, that's sunny's got such a sense of humor I think it was sunny. Yeah, now that you mentioned it will listen. It was great amount of material. I'm going to vacation I'm going to miss all this. Well, you call us collect that there will stick a little pin on the map or wherever Well, we have to find a new stand up pick up the papers, you know Good luck to you. Yeah pick up the hell and Dale died just up there. You know what they should. Why I'm going to third day right every week Good luck to you. Good luck again. Okay. Okay. Okay. 21 till 2 at WIO D. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 I have something. I just discovered that was sent to me by our good friend our actor and really this is from the New York Yorkian chronic pack to do that's right February 2nd 89 of the New York Times date lines. Bo Can Washington Billy Tipped in a jazz musician live life as a man Appearing to have a wife adopting three sons, but a secret was disclosed when he died. He was a woman One of the musician's son John Clark said he had not learned the truth until January 25th four days after Billy Tipped and died at age 74 Now they said he was a saxophonist and piano player and he performed with the jack tea with jack tea garden Russ Carlyle and Scott Cameron bands Then he formed a Billy Tipped in trio in the 50s played nightclubs throughout the west Dick O'Neill who played drums with the trio for ten years recall that some listeners would joke that Billy with a baby face and a high singing voice look too feminine to be a man New York Times kids One forty a W mildly may not tell you you won't pick up this news on W OLD guarantee that okay state stations and all you old parts who just love this show You just don't get this kind of good information like that old douchebag that called up Steve yesterday and he said well you your people should be educating us you have to well inform us We don't have to do anything sure we do whatever to help we wanted if people like it fine if they don't like it go away Obviously you like it because you're hanging on every word right now. Okay. Who the hell are you kidding? So loosen up the hold on it in a bag and have a good life. Okay Okay, let's see what we have here okay. This is nice letter on the facts flooding in here today That's great thanks Rich that Story that was great. Okay. Let's move right along here. We got a mobile and brown. Hello, Andy. How are you? Great. I just want to tell you I support you 100% Track of you when you switch the stations a little while ago. I'm glad I found you again. You'll answer track why for me? How did you lose track? I didn't know if you moved to that's all starts which around a dial and I never lose dial D before I picked up again. I'm happy the frog right right I just want to give you a little bit of advice Okay, in that if this state needed an animal it would certainly get it in the grand canyon of hell and there that is correct That's where they would stick to you too. You better play Just good about you and keep it up. Okay, whatever you need I think the people who are here are smart enough just about a while back from Denver with 21 below zero Just remember one thing you don't say keep it up in hell and they'll be better In my but they're heads for all here. Okay, thanks a lot by 142 at Wild and we'll move along Why do I keep saying it lately? I keep saying that over and over again. It's annoying. It's ponderous. I Noticed well. I'm beginning to notice and I'm getting sick and tired of it. We'll be right along My amy hello. I know how are you? I've heard this is mercy from candle. Well mercy mercy Hi there my son was waiting to speak to you, but he had to go to school Any leftening charts of the phone here. How old is your son 72? He's all enough. Okay. Oh Anyway, what does that mean? Yeah, well I just meant that if I gave you a page I would give away mine Okay, all right, anyway, I thought I'd give you a call to the listener that we all back up 150% great. That's enough for me even 140% would be pretty good Also, I wonder I'm sorry enough to run the next week. Yeah, I don't want to give you a call for that Yeah, please Oh, by all means in fact if you get to meet the queen Be sure and call us and let us know how things are you know Or if you just run into any queen over there give us a call. Yeah, boy George I will give you a call from it. Well, of course Excellent have a good time. Thanks a lot. One forty three at W. I OD. R. This show is so international I wonder for example if the veil Colorado City Commission is holding a meeting even as we speak To try to give me off the air because they're so upset when you call some veil I don't think there's any question of course they are and I bet I understand that the federal government I don't know what they call it over there, but the board of something are they an Istanbul Just having a nervous breakdown about this show. I got a card from her two today, by the way Lady you call the other day. Yeah, Miami. Hello Yeah, okay, just great. Why just a great call My girlfriend smokes camos. Yeah, I know that's saying God will be a deal though problem from before is a Hollywood. Hello Yeah, hi, hi Great this is so unbelievable I can't I can't believe what's going on. I know it's almost think we woke up and found We were not see Germany or something well Yeah, very close to it. That's kind of what I always think when I met in the table That's a good picture of you in the paper by the way In a Harold yeah must be an accident is it research? Well, let me take a look at yeah, I think so No, it's not recent it's an old picture because I'm wearing those stupid headphones It's a very ancient picture. Yeah, I think it can forget the crate for housebreak in the dog just across the city Why in a how and the other dogs should not right there? Yeah, I think that's it. I think we're gonna invite all of people from plantation to take a morning You know trip to Halandale every morning. We're just save it up and well never mind Yeah, there you go. I had a quick blue here for you that I think that they're gonna We'll match with the green stands. There's like a run on public through the green Yeah, so the speak I Was happy check out and I had a very big order and I get a lot of green stands and I do save them You know, I am saving up for you in a two two by a car with my green stands. Oh, yeah, and Must have been working the aisle for whatever you know the checkouts and he's definitely pardon me Are you going to be using those and I had a lot nice and I torn and he asked and I gave her half and I kept it and she still standing there And she says What about the rest and I said what she goes are you gonna be using the house? And I said well, yeah, I'm making a quilt Out of a might you know what yeah He was mad because I didn't get for all my green now listen you should have told her They just needed one more book for your gold lemme and I'm a bag if you would have understood you could have related to that That was so thin anyway. Well, maybe we can get freeway and stick it to show up on the 21st in that good idea Yeah, I could tell it now. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. Bye bye Hello, what is warm All thanks you Come here often are me and you've been here before no first time Which name freeway freeway that night? Once they get we have to make you pick it right here You Here to get the queen Oh, I don't know You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah, yeah, I know what's the top You probably need to rely on all the but you know with everything it's been losing all it's a pain You can start relaxing right now. I'll be away. I I thought And anyway, not just any she either Wow But here's the most important part. Be waitin the pro-tech label Pro-tech I don't adore by the city council of San Francisco Absolutely you know the project slogan does you I sure do Certified safe by the city by the bay Well, what do you say darn look at that? I dropped the soap again You bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spikot have Don't let worry spoiled those cans meetings and public showers always carry Pro-tech Don't doubt know what it's all about the project So they won't send you a Contact condoms a division of black flag housing garden has some gold division keeping situation safe since 1887 What 48 a W. I'll do we have a celebrity caller on the bat line hello Hello, it's Neil. Yes, it is. Yeah, this is Jim Gasser. Yeah, Jim I understand there's Someone at Santa letter and reference and used my name You're your name in a dress. No less. Yeah, my dress as well. Yeah What did that I didn't hear the show yesterday? I was at work on that well they they alleged in a letter Whoever wrote it that I stiffed some valley parking guy somewhere and that I parked in four-laterdale Right that they had run a whole bunch of valley parking things at some of the better restaurants in town And what a cheap-skid I am and how I parked my own car and I still which really offended me because I'm probably one of the most generous Tippers anywhere and only a couple of times I can think of I've avoided valley parking because I didn't want people driving a particular car You know This happened Allegedly according to them and I don't it could he couldn't possibly have happened because I haven't been eating in restaurants for three months That I've been on this diet Well, I've been out of it. I did it would what is true now. I used to run parking concessions Yeah, yeah, this is an end here. I've been out of it for five years. Yeah, well somebody must have known that Somebody you know and love and to use your name and you know Could you send a copy of that letter to me so I could follow up on that? I don't I threw it in a waistband I was gonna have it There isn't any you don't know where it came from or what restaurant I could have possibly and no I have no idea because it just you know It just had your name at address and the return address and it was just signed with your name So there'd be nothing even if I did have it. I don't think there much you could do with it Do we call the address that they used? No, it was on I don't want to give the exact address on the air But it was all right the old gold ocean mile right. That's where I live. Yeah, over on here now. Yeah, we are oh, yeah. Oh, oh, okay I didn't know I thought this was that up because I had a call on the My machine where I get picked up my messages from me Well from you yeah someone else in the station then some woman called that one a clock 105 and Of course, who is swear on the B tape. Oh, that's great. Which now and I had heard someone else mentioned to me that My name was on there and my name is you know, I'm in the real estate business. Yeah I am not in the parking business at off right and my name is Important to me is fine. Well, I'm sure that and we apologize for any convenience But again somebody used your you know, I had no way of knowing that and Very often when somebody writes us a letter into the pierce to have a legitimate name in address We read you know read it on the air because once they write it to you, it's open you know the public Oh, I'm sure I can appreciate them, but don't you have a research department that they're fine And make sure a research department or just someone to verify that the letter is for real not a whole No, well, we did call you we did call you. That's why I wanted to discuss it with you and left the message because you weren't there So we were trying to verify but it would nobody there All right, well You need in I'm at I can give you the office numbers Like I said no, no don't give any numbers out because we're on a year and there's no Please don't give out any numbers. It just that somebody I wouldn't get to hysterical about it I mean you've cleared the area you've made it obvious that you didn't write the letter and I wouldn't make more out of it than you know Somebody who's trying to do a prank on you. Okay. Okay. Well It's on the day like you said I have cleared the year on that because I Was not too happy when someone called and let the message in said this and I'm thinking well who could have Done anything like this. Yeah, well some not out there obviously There's you know we got a bunch of each one of us has got somebody out there and all of them same well I can appreciate that Okay, Jim. Well. Thank you very much. Sorry for the inconvenience. Well It's over done with now just as long as we have a clear-up. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the call Thank you now. Bye. I don't beat. Oh 151 a WIOD I want to tell you about your hard right now We're gonna have it. You're like a reflex reaction and a routine way of disarming somebody You know well if you hate it so much if you hate Neil and you can't stand it whatever it is You hate Steve came while you listen But there's really We're not really doing service to the question when we dismiss it as a cute comeback and a piece of repart There is a real question here Because as you follow the development of this and you'll probably I don't know for whatever reasons There are people who hate Neil are less inclined to call on his show Maybe they don't where they can't stand a heat or whatever And I am willing to deal with these people at length But it is obvious there are great many people out there elderly young or whatever that hate meals guts But you can tell when they call in They listen they don't miss a minute of it and what I want to ask you see you know We talk about the free marketplace. We talk about the idea that the if you the older true censorship in this business You got to get that back. I don't want is that a vacuum running out there in the hallway? Or I mean what is going on out there? I feel like I'm in the middle of cleaning day at the mall or something Surely there's another time they can do that like during sports talk Is there any way we can handle that I mean if I've got a live with it? I mean I'm not gonna walk off the air Maybe anything we can do about it. Yes, okay good because it interferes with my train of thought Where was I see what I mean what was I saying I don't you remember what I was saying? Do you remember what I was saying what was I saying Next next got to bring me back to my The before that stupid vacuum cleaner one on oh, why do you listen right? I knew there was something like that um The free marketplace this is a for this is a commercial radio station This station is in business to make money This station Makes its money by hiring people hopefully will give it ratings That's why they hired Neil Rogers. It's why they hired Mike Granary. That's why the hire Steve can's why the hire sports talk That's the name of the game as we say in broadcasting and The one thing that will get rid of Neil or get rid of Steve or get rid of a Narrow Get rid of any show eventually over period of time is when people don't listen to you if you are boring if you are tired If you are you know, I mean and that's the name of the game So if you don't like Neil don't listen don't write him down in the book if you don't like me Don't listen don't write them and if enough people are like that if we no longer represent the community standards if we no longer Interest you or entertain you They'll get rid of us believe me. They're not gonna pay us this kind of bucks if no one's listening all right But the strange thing is people don't do that People will listen in they hate Neil they hate Steve And instead of just switching I said yesterday. I'm gonna do it again. I think I'm gonna do this claim it for a week If you're into What was that what was the word that guy used just that he wanted to be educated? What was the word? Something like educate in lightens right that's it being lighten man He's I want to be enlightened. I let me let me sing chest get a pencil and if you want to be enlightened There was a station in this market WOLD my former station okay It said where's it on the down 790 or something like that and you will get enlightened for as long as you can stay awake You'll be enlightened all right They have sandy paid in the morning they have Al-Rantel on as we speak Alice Droining on about some probably the contrast or some boring thing or probably talking about the pay raise three days after it's over whatever You know and they will enlighten you they will and I'm not here to enlight you Neil It's not here to enlight you and Mr. Ranari is not here to enlight you we are here to make your drive home Mike in the morning make your drive to work Neil in the afternoon to entertain you while your ad work I'm here in the afternoon to entertain you. She's coming home for like that's the name of the game And we do a pretty good job of it And you have to begin to wonder why somebody who hates This show or who hates Neil show Notice I leave Mike out of that because nobody hates Mike Why they just don't hit the button why they just don't go on and listen to another program But they don't do that they listen and they listen and they listen and one of the things I want to explore today and I don't want to do it in this kind of You know this kind of cool to grow since that we always do you know Sorry, I hate Neil why do you listen bang? You know it's like the moment of truth and both I think we drive the sword into the heart I don't do it now. There's a real question. I want to deal with this I want to hear from people who hate Neil. I want to hear from people who hate me and I want to know why you listen I'm not going to attack you for it. I'm not going to nail you to the wall with it and I'm not going to say I got you. I'm not going to do that. I genuinely want to know And especially if you hate me. I want to know I mean I'm not going to sit here all day listening people You know catch about Neil but I loved here if you hate me. Why do you listen and Give it some thought I would bet you most of the people out there that hate me that hate Neil don't have never even thought about that You know you hate us But you never really thought why you keep on listening and If in the remaining three and a half hours of this program we can get some coherent answers to that I think it's going to be very enlightening very enlightening No point giving out the numbers because all the lines are full and that was will remain so but let's right now go to NASA Okay, let's go to NASA all year on Wiod Thank you, Mr. Kane Hey, how are you doing? I love you love Neil love everybody on the whole Wiod program I find interesting living here in a Bahamas and the United States being such a great country and big and prosperous I check that they still have people like that Living in hell and they all I thought of something sort of QT to say I mean we live in a Bermuda trying or but Rod Shirley would say that people in hell and they are living a Twilight zone well There are a couple things going to be made clear here number one There were a lot of nice people in hell and down just like there are a lot of nice old people I would say probably the vast majority of senior citizens the vast majority of people that live in hell and Dale a very decent nice and fine people most of them probably love these shows and we have to resist the Temptation in our mind to do this stereotyping like this is all of hell and I got calls from people in hell and down yesterday Boy, boys tremendous support for this station and for Neil and and for myself and and tremendous antagonism Towards their commission there that is involved in this frivolous exercise, all right? That's number one number two. How in Dale is only the The How in Dale situation is the pimple on the fanny of the underlying problem here the underlying problem is an individual Who is determined to take the radio shows that you love away from you? That's what we're dealing with here and how in Dale is only a tool in this thing I must say a tool that this gentleman unfortunately used Because in in permitted get to become a full blown new story now we can deal with it in the open Which is where it has to be done with this thing the solution to this problem is light and That's what we're gonna shit on this and I'm not you'll notice I'm not in my usual Worked up rage over this this is too serious to become involved on weight beyond anger This is a major thing and it affects everybody in our listening audience and I can only say that if you or Anybody else Out there feel who feel as you do about the station. I would suggest that you write and Voices for the just a couple of lines will do To our general manager Mike Disney here at WIOD and nickel hole and I got the zip right here in front of me On second you interested you have a pencil. Oh, are you wrote? There's a okay. That's good for those who haven't three three one four one That WIOD Miami Florida three three one four one and We would appreciate your support. I really thank you for your call You're my love everyone down in an asshole. Come on down. Okay take care man. Bye bye Let's go to oh we got to take a bro. Okay. All right. Don't get Cheese nickets. One java bad night last night We're gonna take a short break for a news update after which will be back you're listening to the Steve Kancho on 610 WIOD