I'm a cod man, and a bud man, and I trust you, Art Show. I thought I could do it. Well, pretty close. It's 10.05. Well, we don't only have three car machines, you know, so we can only do a little bit, right? We had like a whole thing here. We had a real radio station. We could do everything. But we don't. Just like the car rack that's overflowing onto the floor now. But we sure don't want to mess up the aesthetics of this room, do we? How about those dolphins? I know excuses on the phone today. Boy, they kicked some serious, serious assiesto-day. So a good part of that game in between watching the cubs lose again. But of course, it didn't make any difference because the Metz in that a bad shame those New York teams are having a rough time, even the giants barely had to pull out that game against the lions, but New York teams are having a rough go. You know? Anyway, if you have anything about it, is your mic on? I hope not. It is. Why have you got the mic sitting so far away today? Is this a new, why are you like, lurched over? And if you saw the Emmys last night, then probably you won't call it all, okay? Because that was so bad. God was it bad. And you liked it. I didn't say that. I said, I saw exactly what you said. By the way, we're going to do an entire hour and honor of that homophobic, homophobic redneck, build chessor who works over at QAM on a colder show. You know, rumor has it that chessor combs his hair. He starts over here. Listen, and combs it straight across his head. Okay. One of those. One of those Yahoo Country Cousin Kickin. Doose flags, okay? What a waste of space. Anyway, the Emmys were just horrible. Now, there was a movie on. I know you're not going to have seen this one. Remember I tell you about all these weird movies that come on viewers' choice? Incredible. Grandmother's house. Never ever. Never ever. Oh, man. You find this. Really? Great. Unbelievable. Yeah, they have all these horror. Can I say that? Was that with a W? No, that was with a two hours in the middle. All these horror movies on. Oh, horror. Incredible. Yeah. Anybody seeing grandmother's house? They haven't even seen any in the cruiser's part, too. You know, this crowd. Well, I can see that we're going to have some real response here today, man. Some incredible response. So the dolphins could easily be too in awe, but we'll settle for the one. They kicked some like I said, incredible. But yesterday, and it comes magic numbers down to nine. And then I'm going to be here this afternoon. So this is the beginning of a long look at that phone. Hmm. Hmm. Nothing. Zero. No, don't start now. Okay, there's one. Don't even answer it, Marvin. Just forget it. Don't try to humor us, okay. Oh, there goes another one. No, don't try to humor us. I can tell what kind of a Monday this is going to be. Like tinkling. Mm-hmm. Little tinkle here. Yeah. Little tinkle there. I didn't say I liked the Emmy. Oh, okay. It was I desperate. Well, I'm not start looking. Okay, we understand. You don't care and screw it. Yeah. No, what I like is the slingsering of some of the awards. I liked. I like some of the shows. First of all, they don't even bother having the show. Because there's only like three shows that got nominated for all the awards. Well, good morning. True. Oh, come on. Let's basically, it was the same. There had to be a little bit more than that. Because they're like four or five people nominated for each thing. And then the presenter, you know, they got such a big job these presented. Who was that first guy, John Wesley Dushbag Kent? Who the hell is he? Who is he? I don't know who you're talking about. It was in and out. Who thought he was really funny and who's there like, Good deal. Yeah. He looked like Bill Chessor. Oh. Who the hell was that? I don't know who you're talking about. John something Kent. Kent. Like in Larry Kent? I don't know. Or Norman maybe. Another giant in the industry. And it was gruesome man. It was just awful. Then always is. And of course, I started to say they tell them don't say anymore. The winner is you must say the emigos who, which is such a crockable loan. I mean, let's face it. There's one winner in the rest are losers, okay? But they don't want to do that. They don't want there to be any loser. So we don't say that anymore in the Oscars of the emis. Now we say the award goes to. And in spite of the fact they must have coached them all 500 times on doing that. About half of them still said, I'll, I'll excuse me. The emigos too, which only like is rubbing salt to the ones, you know. Mm-hmm. And then they had that I'll tell you who I don't understand at all. I must be either I'm getting really old. Mm-hmm. Or this country is a lot tougher than I think it is, okay? We don't need to do a break till about 50 whenever we feel like. Because the first spot there is a post-bongal. We'll ring out till tomorrow. Um, our senior hall. Did you see him on there? Mm-hmm. Now I'm sorry, but he doesn't make any sense at all to me. He's not funny. He looks like he just landed on a rocket ship from Mars. Um, what is his story? Why is he hip? Why is it hip to watch or send you? What are all the yuppies in our senior hall? His show is garbage. I have tried to watch it a couple of times. There's nothing to watch. I don't like it. It's not funny. He's entertaining. He sits on the edge of that chair or couch depending on what the set is. But he's always like right on the edge. Like he's going to get up and run to the john and he's second or something. I don't, I don't understand what his deal is. And he comes out and he gave him this ovation and all, yes, Mr. HIP, you know. Mm-hmm. And then he gave the award and it was for, I don't know, some actress, some comedian or somebody. And come get it, baby. Come get it, baby. And I thought, boy, you tacky jackass. You know, why can't you just say it like everybody else? Just try to, he's always Mr. Cool. I mean, everything he does is Mr. Cool, okay? He's about as cool as, um, as those hot Italian sausage sandwiches that we get from up the street. The ones with the real extra spice and peppers that burn your guts out. That's how cool he is. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed that show. It's 12 and is anybody seeing grandmother's house? I've never heard of that. See, that's another thing. I can't relate to the audience because they don't see any of these things. They're busy watching Peter Pan. You really think they should have seen grandmother's house? I think there are some people, the viewers' choice are on cable. In other words, you can get him as premium on continental cable and I'm probably on some of the other ones. Same for you. Right, paper views. So I guarantee that there are people out there who could have seen it. But not in this dip audience, man. You ask anything, have you seen? No, what do you think of talk radio? Did you like that? They'll talk radio. Now, this afternoon, I can't believe. How the hell am I going to do eight hours here today? How did I ever get stuck in the thing? Yeah, you're going to do the whole thing. Well, I'm not going to leave that near the hole in here alone. So Steve can say, oh, Neil picked on you too much. You're just a sweet guy who's a little confused. Good point. Yeah, good point. Steve, I've got a few things to say to him too about the way he handles these pigs that he brings on to the show. It's disgusting. He falls over everybody. The more the more obnoxious they are and the more important their views are, the more Steve gravitate toward them. You know what I'm saying? I think Steve may be hanging around with Bill Chessard. Do you think that's possible? Because I'm going to Steve has started to comb his hair from one end of the ear all the way across the top of his head to the other ear. And it's getting pretty disgusting. So Jason Polis, that's the Reverend Virgin, who's going to be on this afternoon and boy. Jason, I'm ready for him. Okay. Good. I have a feeling I'm really ready for him in his BS. So anyway, that's all we have for you today. We hope you have a nice day. I'll come back at two. And I thought that since I've got all that extra work today, you just kind of do a show and I'll hang around the building and check around see if things are okay. Would that be all right? Sorry, good mean. Because it is going to be an explosive show this afternoon. I can just tell you. I just feeling in my bones. That's going to be explosive. It's going to be an explosive show. Yeah. Well, well, 1014 is WLD. This is another one of those Mondays. Now it's interesting. Last week, the dolphins lost that heartbreaker and the following day on Monday, the response was great. Remember, we were shocked. Now they blow in the England out. They never went into England. They blow them. I mean, just one point it was 24 to nothing. It was a laugher. And look at that foam. And there's three blinking lines there. Weekly. They're blinking even weekly, aren't they? I love that best in the show on Saturday. Boy, that I got to tell you. Nick just walked in the control room. That was put together so well. There was part of the cousin Bruce Lee show. Then there was all of a sudden out of nowhere. It goes into a show where you had come in that Friday on your vacation to defend yourself. Then it comes back to another part of the cousin Bruce Lee. That show is called AOR. All over the world. I thought that had already been on. I put that thing together so well. It is. It's incredible. It's frightening. What he does with that tape. It is. I thought my defensive show had already run. That though. No, that was done. Well, it could have. If it's possible. Maybe it was so good. It came back for an encore. Maybe. That best. That's almost as good as the Dick Feral show. Now when is that start on WLD? Nothing to do with and we know nothing about October 2nd, which is coming up pretty close. Couple of days today today. 18. 18. That's about two weeks away. Yeah. Like today. Two weeks from today. Is the Dick Feral show boy? That ought to really be simulating. Now what is this scrolled. Remember to use the cookie into the breaks. The rejoiner out of the breaks. What? And to use the transitional cart at the end of the show. Also, the noon best of Neil is a repeat from last week because someone used my tape. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. See, it is a repeat. Yeah. So if you missed the show on Saturday, we're going to be, in fact, we have a Tom Jicka show that we're going to be playing again this week. It's going to be great. Where he talks about the ratings from eight months ago. Very timely, right on target. Boy, look at that phone. Man, now we got two lines ringing. Wait a minute. Let me just see something. Hello. There's a girl in Sammy Sammy. He did great yesterday. Yeah. He was good for a couple of plays to lead a gut banged up a little bit. Yeah. King Neil, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Is Neil? Can I talk to Neil? This is Neil, sir. Oh, it does sound like I think Marvin would make some kind of cost to come. I'd like that, do you? No, no, no. I sounded like he had first by that. It might be Marvin. No. Oh, you're not. You're taking his life today, huh? Well, I don't know. I may not take anybody at all away. It's going. Okay. Boy, oh boy. Another, uh, in Bustil out there. By the way, we had the callers and I. Now, Bill Chester unfortunately had another engagement. So he couldn't join us. But we had dinner a lot to have her in at a Saturday night. The meal, of course, is always was fantastic. It was just tremendous. Good. Now, there was something I was going to start. Oh, there was one of our groupies in his girlfriend. Well, they were both groupies. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And they were all in the same place. And his girlfriend, well, they were both groupies. And they were just great. They were just wonderful. Although he just, I'm sure he's listening right now. So I'm not going to say anything. He'd rambled on a little bit. But he had had a couple of three, four bottles of wine, I guess. Oh. He said he was doing his Henry Burrow routine. Mm-hmm. But the, no, they were nice. And the food was sensational. And everything was fine. But I wish Bill Chester could have joined us. Because I would like everybody in the restaurant to have watched him come. He's here from. From just above the year. Great across his head all the way across to the other side. Okay. But I wonder what he's going to be doing in a couple of weeks. Anyway, that Bill Chester, well, anyway, it's 18 past 10 in WIW. What are you laughing about? Oh, gee, I don't know. Oh, and then call her, speak of no shame. You know who his guest is going to be Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock. But there are rumblings about that. Stanley J. Cohen. Well, that's true. Now, most of you haven't got any idea who that is. And you have no idea how lucky you are. That's the former boss at WI and Z. Trey. Neil, why are you always dumping on me? Neil, why do you do this? Neil, don't talk to me about engineering. I don't know anything about engineering. Don't talk to me about programming. I don't know anything about programming. And I said, no, Monday, I said Stanley, what do you know about? What do you know about? He sat there and just looked at me. Why are you dumping on me? And he's having him on Wednesday. See, I thought he was changing to a frog. That would be like us having Bill Wise on the show. Are you somebody totally useless inane and hopeless? Yeah. I think a good parallel. Anyway, the the Virgin Reverend Jason Poles is going to be on. And Steve showed us after no, and I'm going to humor him by being here. Do expose him for the jackass that he really is. And I'm not pulling any punches with this guy. It's not going to be one of these Steve teen time interviews where everybody kisses everybody else's But laughs all like it's a big joke. You know, oh, I don't know if I knew you're only getting that kind of crap. See, that Steve's problem. He's so much into the too many years in acting or something. And we think it's all just a big game and a big joke. Anyway, it's 10 19 at WI. I did WI. I did we hope you have it a great Monday. It's a great way to start off the week. It's obvious it's going to be really desperate. But that's okay because our friend Rich, the chronic pack, you sent me a tape with all these run, et songs on it. Did he? And some deon stuff. We can slap that baby right in the back deck in there for things. Good slow. So just govern yourselves accordingly, friends. It's 20 past 10 at WI. The boys. Wow. This is in Fred Tastman's call. And the Harolda Smoring. It says under the heading Oivey. Oivey. Russia shot on the ears. So the Miami Jewish Tribune Linda Brockman called the White House to see a president George Bush might have a greeting that she could print. By return mail Barbara joins me in offering Hispanic Americans best wishes for a memorable son of a bitch. I mean, you talk about a bird bird. Seriously, this man, he has got to be the biggest joke that we've ever had in a while. He makes Jimmy Carter seem like Franklin. Roosevelt. Okay. That's how bad this man is. He doesn't have any clue what's going on. Wow. But I'll go see him with that flag boy. I'm pretty pissed off about that flag. It's 1024 in WI. I'm getting pretty ticked off about this phone. To I guess nobody saw the Emmys. Nobody saw certainly nobody saw grandmother's house on viewers choice. Nobody in this audience has seen anything. They've all been locked inside somewhere, probably at our Katie over the weekend. I'm really sorry that we expected something from you today. Okay. Like maybe some response. Oh, man. This is pathetic. We're not answering him until we start feeling that we've got a show going. Well, there's six. Six calls. Let's not answer him at all. Let's just do screenless because that confuses them. How come they caught on at wind? Okay. How well they hit an upper crushed audience over there, right? Isn't that what they used to say? They were worried about their image. Oh, so they had that real upper crushed audience. Broward. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Great. Did you see? All right. I should see. Did you hear what time she received on the network broadcasts of the company? I had to watch that entire thing. So what did he say? Well, it's other than some of the things he repeated a hundred times. Well, besides that, it seems like the reason that the cops are doing so well is that they were fortunate enough to go in and play these teams when they're not doing so well. Oh, is that it? Like when St. Louis won five in the row and then the cops played them. Apparently the cops caught him at a downtime. Yeah. And like when Montreal and one all those games, and they beat him three in a row. Right. And it's bigger one five in row, and they came in and started being them. But, well, they started being them, but they didn't want to beat up on too bad. Well, that's true. That was kind of funny. How about those fillies, though, how that fat crock, you know, actually on a satellite first time yesterday, I picked up the Cardinal network. I found it. And there was that fat John Crock hit a grand slam in the bottom of the 12th and that first game and it was just heartbreaking, you know what? Well, it was fun. They're okay with my heart. It's the first my heart. But when are these people going to start giving the cops credit? They don't win because they're not. No, they, that's not part of the game plan. They give them no credit at all. They talk all season long. I'll be talked about is that the Metz are the team to beat and Montfialza team to beat. And then, of course, the Cardinals were the sleeper. They were the team to beat. And nobody will give them any credit at all. I guess when they beat the Giants in the playoffs championship series, they'll catch the Giants at the bad time. Well, let's take it one game at a time. You know what I'm saying? Have a good day. Okay. Let's take it one pitch at a time, especially with Paul Kilgis pitching tonight. You know, Zimmer's got a great sense of humor. He wants to give the Metz fans a little bit of a chance, a little excitement. So he's pitching Kilgis and Steve Wilson. 27 after 10 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boca. Boy, it's a little warm in here, isn't it? Is it? Yeah. It's a little bit on the warm side. And I know I'm never going to get this, um, what is he doing? What is Marvin doing? Is he going to come in here and fiddle with a thermostat? About 67 would be good. No, no, that's not bad. Do you got a sweater on? What the hell are you talking about? He's got sleeves down to his elbows down to his knees. It's 1027 at WIOD. Now it's going to start cooling off. I've got eight hours to do in here. I can't afford to be sitting here for eight hours. For a, that's a good knick Lawrence. I said, boy, I'll debate that Reverend Paulus and all of a sudden he comes in the next day. How about the 18th, which is today? I thought it was going to be in a couple of weeks. Talk about pressure. I got four hours of that to put up with. Then I got a race home and see the Metz and a cubs tonight. And at 730, would Kilgis pitching for the cubs. Boy, that's a faith worse than death. Date County, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, you're right. Stupid. American Gladiators. Saturday morning. Are you watching? Oh, my God. Joe Fison was bad enough before. What a joke. What was that show they used to have where the athletes would come on and do or the movie stars would come on and do all those. That's a stupid. The battle of the network. Yeah, the battle of the network douchebag. That at times had its moments like today that Scott Bayokem on and his bathing suit. I mean, there were days. No, that show on occasion had its moments. But Gladiators, I forgot to watch it. It was so impressive. Wow, is it bad? Who do you have that? You had nitro and who was the woman? Glisserin. So, really? Zap. Zap. He was not bad. Uh-huh. They had another woman called race. No, no. Wait a minute. What about the one lace? Zap. Zap. Zap? How could I forget? I thought she had a nice green chain. Dad. The one would never forget. Oh, listen, I don't want to even, I don't want to dignify that. Spectacly put on again, okay? If I did something like that, they'd be in here and Senator Ain't No Way would be on the phone and Jack would be out there. Jack fruit would be in a hallway screaming and pointing. But he comes in here and he puts on this disgusting play again. Squeezing and teasing and peasing and begging and owed. Just disgusting. When you see a show like American gradiators, you know that when petty Cheyenne's key wrote network, he would definitely ahead of his time. That's for sure. Incredible. Well, all you got to do is watch Channel 7 News to find that out. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, Sally sends her best. Oh, God. Thank you. She was all over me. I, yeah. Sally? Oh, really? Thanks. Whoop. Zap. What a story. I thought that would be quite a story. We don't have that beach boys record to play here with that. Now I asked Laura, see, now we're, I hesitate to ask this question about this copy. Where am I going to put it when I'm finished using it? Because I'm sure she'll have a real clever answer for that question. But all I asked her for was a little file folder that she could make that would go back in a bin here. So we'd have some idea of what we're doing since the sales people aren't supposed to just be sticking copy in people's mailbox and under the door and on the floor. And she hands it back to Marvin, which was just another excuse to go in there and play fast and cozy with Marvin and had nothing to do with doing her job. I don't understand this joint at all, do you? It's amazing. It is amazing. And look at that phone. That's amazing too. Well, it's too bad. Well, now there's only five lines of ring and we don't play that game. Okay. When the audience doesn't want to play the game, we always can fall back on our machine. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Like I said. It's 1031 here at WIOD. I don't even hear myself while in the overhead. I'm going to crank it up. Is that a little bit better? Near there, you're booming now. I'm booming. Like boom, boom. Okay. Let's take a call from Boca. Hello. Hi. Can I talk to you? Well, I haven't figured out what that is yet. Broward? Perhaps? Well, screw these calls. I'm what I got today. You know, this high-browed in my own water today. This is incredible. And they had this at a lot of effort. This is what I started. I mentioned before. I got the side tracked on that homophobic build Chester. Wow. You didn't say that about him. Yes. You did. You just weren't paying any attention. I said they're right at the beginning of the show. I didn't get any. I said, he'll be right wing, yahu homophobic, nut. Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't get homes is here all the way from one side of his head straight across to the other side. That's the popular rumor about build Chester at WQA. Oh, I didn't get the full story. Well, if you could only have his hair and head caplons teeth, you really haven't made up. Anyway, they had the little bottles because I was talking to them about my trip to Rome, which I probably shouldn't have done. I don't like sounding like some big maven of an international traveler now that I've had a couple of days in Rome in a few days in Amsterdam. Hot shot hot. Yeah, Mr. Mr. Tramber. Hot shot. But anyway, I mentioned about the S. Pelagrino water. I had an Italy and a big bottles and they said, oh, we have little bottles of that and they kept bringing us the water all through the meal. And they said, you can get it. There's a Doris meat market, I guess. Doris, Italian market, or something like that by the case. Or you can get it at pubics. Probably. Tom's right. Public. So, okay. Yeah, I'm not emotional. Somebody told us that. Public. Yeah. And they do. And I went yesterday to my public, so they're on Clarie Boulevard that brand new beautiful wonderful publics where they love me to pieces and spider jack fruit. And I got a whole bunch of S. Pelagrino water and it is. It's got the little, little, little gaff. Like, don't, little gaff. Like, what? I'm not changing these. Like what? Like Don Ho would say. Oh, tiny bubble. Uh huh. Not Don No. Don No is good little gaff too. That's why he always act so agitated because he's got to get out of there in a hurry. Agitated. He does. Doesn't he? He always act like, oh, geez. I just got to get out of here. You know, I got to go. And this is so good. Boy. Now, I probably shouldn't do this because now they'll sell out in all the publics of the Espeller Grino water, but it is so far. It's so much better. I hate to say this because I like peri-a, but peri-a's for sued, basically, isn't it? Bouples. Uh, Danny Bubbles from Giant Killer Bubble. Yeah. You know, in fact, you can see those killer bubbles inside your body. I started attacking each other. Yeah. And then just fights and just going crazy in there. And your whole stomach starts turning like a bat. Yeah. Too much for my body. But in the Pelagrino water, just got in fact in there, you can't even see him. Right? And we drank some of the remote. All I guess in peri-a in a bottle, you can't see him either. Mac is not only when you pour it. It's that all you can see is what you can see. It's like, just go crazy. Those giant killer bubbles come barreling out of there. Come kick and ass. But it's if it would be like washing our tinny ochre, drinking peri-a it having Bree. That's right. Crackers and Bree. It's not the hip thing to do. Yeah. If you're a real plastic, only idiot with no life. Yes. Who wants to impress yourself because you're such a loser and such a nerd. That's what you would do, especially watching our tinny ochre. if he don't look like he's related to canberal marshal uh... doesn't he and that's not a racist in other words people to say well because he's black scottom to do with what color he could be purple green he's just a freaky looking guy his head his his head is as long as some people's bodies and his teeth make john always take look like little mini chiklets and that's how big his teeth are he is though freaky is looking and it would be okay if he was funny or entertaining or amusing or he could sing or do anything but he can't he's not he just uh... hip mister cool call me mister cool all they need is the saturday night live band and don parto on that show and they'll have it made every yuppie it be in america will be watching that show right with a with a screaming saxophone and paul strappers hit they don't need paul just his head might be you could audition for that no thanks it's ten thirty five w i o d were off to a terrible terrible terrible start on that phone or few lines blink in here and there but there oh man you people are just hopeless and they in a like the show allegedly that's alleged okay we allegedly have this big audience and he gigantic numbers and all these people who love the show but boy they don't don't monday they don't care don't confuse them on monday they have to get their lives back together again after the exciting weekends that they have in this town we don't know what they do probably out there in uh... he carel city watching the big taffy pole over the weekend and miss that chocolate done come is that chocolate dump it's ten thirty six a w i o d and it's the what that's that's this is becoming a new routine here are they trying to tell me something yeah it's like the old days that's the i think you'll notice his mic comes on in the middle of a sentence now that's gonna start getting blessed less i guess i'm just gonna play a bunch of cards good that's the new current affair yes i think i was gonna play they changed or i'd be elected for me and i would hate to go through the entire show without playing it yeah well i'm getting gout in my mouth well just from the ambiance of the show not from eating anything although i will say we want to thank the bakery at publics for those delicious little humontosh know whatever they are again boy i love those after the first seven year radiobin though he's starting a little gouty in the foot i said rowered county good morning welcome to w i o d hello yes sir you son of a snarky today a little snarky snarky you know uh on the edge or something not at all not in the least well i uh i still until this call pardon me not until this call well uh i thought i was a work last night they kind of pissed me off a little bit too because i mean you know why did you take it on the edge did you take it sit you're sitting on the edge of your seat and all of a sudden it's outstanding makeup for a series first of all let me say this if you're sitting on the edge of your seat for that show last night that tells me one thing that you live in south florida okay that you have a really boring existence that show is pathetic all right then the other thing i'm not now wait a minute who is that guy at the beginning john wesley fletcher who i don't know john Kent lerocet who john lerocet the guy's night court oh lerocet oh he's on that so night court oh yeah she's the guy that's always learing at the uh the tight ass oh who the hell wants to see him what the hell is he got to do with television he's a big television oh he's not no he's not well i don't know those new shows are just in sippin and go night court's not new compared to suds Caesar i don't watch it it's too long ragged out that bob hop again with that silly wiggies were now did you see that wigg and mr. television yeah and i give a standing ovation and everybody's a plotting and a man never said anything funny in his life except the cash me a check and that's true now do you have a problem with tracio man winning best make up i mean do you have a problem with that sir i just know she just barely it's not you're just probably actually barely edge dot Paul Schaffer i gotta see him you know smoothing with the guys you know and the people that win and you know let's have a little but uh make uh oh and you know what was really tacky this is the most embarrassing thing i think on any award you'll have ever seen that nail huh when when the people couldn't be there to it like hero ok so except the awards and they did those corny things that were supposed to be funny but weren't that well that's day too long oh man i always put that it that it that it was if it can't get your ass there you shouldn't be able to get it yeah right take my ward away hero ok i don't care anyway but i'm not a thing of frost my ass a little bit kneel please uh i'm watching this like half time or the NFL i've plunged my brains out i got the mortgage on these games i'm trying to find scores and they go to a hurricane report yeah what's wrong with their priorities yes that's right yeah tell me a her you gotta at least till Wednesday you could you can cash you know your bets before Wednesday and they go leave town i'm hoping that my book gets born away but they go away and the brats says they're just ready to go away and and the the hard edge reporter he says well uh whatever name is in the hurricane center rady i think of a strength in any already i think of a stay a four and she says i think it's gonna stay a four but i want to be perfectly frank with you a four is not in the play with oh is that reporting and then they go back in the games aren't i don't know outside uh need to shoot myself or what well you could have called me up i have the satellite so i watched the little bit of almost every game that was played yesterday oh good thank you i have your number please no 1042 at wio d we're doing a little screema's i think we get a real service for him because he was distraught and squirrely whatever he said i was at the beginning of his call he was you know what he should do he should make a better whether the hurricane will become a four or a few or a lot no i'm what they it's gonna hit and what they're gonna hit yeah you imagine all the different things in Vegas and get into it sir sure and Hank will take your money now what is in that little container over there what is that look like uh i don't know what that is oh tiny sent those over for you well wasn't that consider it yeah he said here's something special that bird brain i don't know i guess these were already here and i'm a little cookies from when they were they're a little tiny tiny cookies they one first see how it falls together tiny they're tiny's causes are sugar cookies these are leftover for my he's standing oh these are good i'm gonna take a few of them then you can have the rest tiny's cookies you know they're not tiny's tiny cookies are on the floor it's uh 1044 and wio d we're doing screen list and on panic just aren't they good cute cute oh they're not cookies are cute they're little no you don't grow older was right about you he said something about you would dinner that you would just if i told you on the air you would just plot he is still talking about me to this day about what no what a lot um hate your guts almost as much as i hate billchessor isn't that interesting hmm these are good huh two bad we can't save any for a Reverend Pultus that's the i thought called her and i thought everything now when you tried to kiss his ass i didn't do that he said it was shameless and embarrassing and it didn't do a bit of good well then it doesn't matter what i do in that case it really is i re-retured 1045 it wio d it's bait the bird day it's my must be because he was real nice to me to my face to your face uh huh but that's called her oh to your face uh huh very nice and ready one said that's all right i don't want you to pull up your head a date county hello hello yes wio d yes it is you're speaking to him right now oh hi Neil isn't that shocking i'm shocked oh that's what you're doing screen with hmm how are you how is you they forgot huh um i was at spec um wednesday with my daughter we had a really great time great um fact we gave her a Roger rabbit doll oh your daughter is just a wonderful young lady yeah and she just loves you Neil he's as cute as a button oh i know can i say that well i guess i can say that it doesn't mean i mean uh huh yeah yeah but she called she went home she called all her friends and she said Neil Roger's gave me a doll and she was just so she was like she was so excited well she shouldn't put it that way because then her friends will think that Neil is playing with dolls in the house you know yeah we can all the way i'm regressing a little bit that may be next week we don't want Jack to hear that no not Jack fruit no well i may have a couple more of those cookies by the way yeah we'll be at your neck through mow there's gonna be another one oh i sure hope it's a little less chaotic than the last one you know i keep telling them by the way is our program director back from his busman's holiday does anybody know or care i don't because when i came in this morning his door was closed probably not back muck his back oh aren't we lucky well i knew there was a good reason i had a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach but i sure hope he learned something in that seminar he went to now unlikely yeah unlikely hmm well Johnny duck is a doll he's a sweetheart oh gee now you you just destroyed everything you said in the first part of the call not a sweetheart he's a fat slob he's a big fat slob would just stuff that food down his face like like something i didn't see you guys talking to him at all yeah we were you were yeah didn't see that at all anybody that would eat on the ear well that's nice that you played sweet too but he's a little shy little sigh what's the sigh when that wholesome and when glycerin was in here on friday yeah when the food came what are you talking come about your little shy except when the food came i don't know what they have built call there said he was a little something too but i don't think shy was the word oh well listen have a great day and what's your daughter's name um Lisa and i'm Terry i'll say we don't care about you Jerry no it's just a joke it's just a little joke but say hi to Lisa i mean a point is we're talking to you but Lisa's probably in the school right yeah yeah yeah i'm gonna call you on her first day well great okay when you tell her we said i intend to care of Roger rabbit okay okay alright bye bye 10 48 a wio d or a little one something okay that's our poll question of today fill in the blank the bird is a little blank i don't think that's necessary i really don't think that's it i kind of like that myself why it's just not necessary yeah i'm going to find a cart or anything one word well yeah this is like a hyphenated word the word is a little unbelievable now that's that is an example of that is true well that was kind but i guess find another cart not the one they would pick you know i have a feeling or how about this the bird is a little douche bag how's that oh let's see there must be something else in here with one one or two words that was two words mm-hmm i can't find anything with one or two words i did find something that's one of your favorite cart so by the way and you can just buzz off i don't know can just buzz off i know what that was yeah um two-bed Todd's not here to give us the whole background on that and two-bed it was uncube well i knew that why do you want to hear the whole thing i have to break we could play the whole thing forever make you feel good at the quick we have time it's 10 till 11 at wio d on our marathon monday oh i can't believe i'm going to stick around here to six o'clock how did i ever get sucked into that out of me with that Reverend virgin couldn't resist i although i don't think it's going to last till six because i think you'll walk out because i'm not going to treat him with that kissy poo crap like Steve does you know anything could happen i think you'll walk um anyway it's time to tell you about new truss system right now okay 10 52 a wio d Danny through his 200th career touchdown pass yesterday in that debacle and that trashing of the patriots up there knowing well i just mentioned that in passing why are you eating the crumbs one moment please what why oh is this on now just cleaning up my mess yeah but you could brush it on the floor it is so disgusting sitting here watching you pick the little crumb you've got more cookies in the thing there oh well and those are i should have your cookie come eat your cookie no do you know that i turned on come to work this morning i was sampling a little bit because the bill had um well my course was great as always and the bill had bill chester on it with him for a couple of minutes and i couldn't handle it i just kept picturing that here that's combed from one and uh i punched up Alice actually for a few minutes and he had some boring guest on the phone and you know what's happened to their signal again uh it comes and goes but they had cleaned up for a little while there and now it's a really so muddy man it sounds like they're doing it from a mud hole meant a bunch of fun here at i thought everything about it is so muddy it's unintelligible which may be a plus anyways 10 53 a wio d and our question today the bird is a little blank Dave County hello yeah hi my name is on yes sir yeah how you doing okay you know the problem with all these uh word shows are they all stuck to your doll follow the same format and what i want to know is why they don't broadcast the x-ray video or i mean now there's a category you can get your head into it yeah that's going to be on channel 10 this week yeah that'd be great can you can be sure that is going to be anchoring i thought i wanted to add okay sir thank you asking you got it 10 54 wio d broward county hello hello and ill yeah well the bird is a little red typical for it's species it's a little bit dirty on birds are kind of filthy if you don't know what i mean but you know they're always leaving their dropping sever quartiles and picking up crumbs but anyway i'm glad to be able to finally call you the listening for years but i never got a chance to call because the contrary to popular belief i do have a life hmm what are you doing what are you doing here then i've been laid up a successful now for seven days no i don't mean that i mean what are you doing in this town if you have a life uh well i i find to support myself in a wife in a couple of kids oh yeah you know find it stay alive what else huh but uh quite a challenge yes it is uh tell you what uh watching that game yesterday the dolphins were great but unfortunately it has to turn off the audio portion of the TV and put on wio d cos that TV broadcast a lot of people do that yeah who the hell was that guy doing the color yesterday man he was in coherent it was it was it was it's a oh and then on Saturday they had i was unfortunately forced into watching a little bit of college football and some of those shows and there was bino cook bino cook koo that is the first call it called who does he do that food bino cook can't speak for words who the hell are these people man it's the age of illiteracy well when you can do it i think they ought to have an next any show they have an out of heaven award for the most illiterate show when you consider that uh they have people on TV like our senior hall yeah i guess the only reason he sits on the edge of the he must have hemorrhoids evidently i know when i see a show it's a pain in the ass and in my house there's two shows that are forbidden the minute they come on they get zapped off if i have to throw a shoe with a TV and one of them is wheeled fortune and the other one is our senior though i don't know about the joie Reynolds show uh is that i never heard of that well there are a lot of people who could say the same thing well i i'd be on a four minutes by the way on panel ten you better catch it while you can i thought it's disgusting body on that on the news when he comes back growing the chocolate thing yeah isn't he a schmutzpeng oh my god it's the circle one i haven't seen anything that bats and sand nature that's his whole new thing now he seems to want to go get on TV and run around naked that's joie's new deal well what can i tell you i i better eat no ways pretty upset about it i just have to say i'm over here at the corals me medical center and uh the nurses are very nice well i'm here at the station i bunch of douchebags but i guess that's normal when are you getting out hopefully one stay oh just it that's good just in time for the hurricane yes yes i have to i guess go take care of that and uh well what else is new that's you're about it one from one that's the first one number is not one another that's right in the meantime in case my wife is driving towards the office and listening to this i just want to thank her for coming in and giving me a shower every morning and uh color a douchebag okay good luck you sir okay thank you bye 1057 a WIOD we're doing screenless today we actually have a little off flurry on the phone there nothing too dramatic i think uh Roger was just fetching about what went on here over the weekend and there were carts and headphones and the stuff all over the building and stuff changes on the board took us i've got that overhead cranked higher than i've ever had it before and it's just about where it should be i got it up to seven every month so they come in here on the weekend and they fiddle around with everything every monday because through this and they've no management no interest no and no well they don't they don't have any interest because they're busy up front there with uh the same two topics that that we've mentioned so many times before evidently i don't know because i stay away from them at all cost and of course boy gerries and they're trying to hire some more incompetent people that i don't like you know i i'm the more i think about it the more i wonder why they bothered having that meeting with me because we've made it so clear i've told them so crystal clear the end i mean what we've got we've got people running the place now who are all from out of town they know nothing about the market nothing they know nothing about who these people are and now they're starting to decimate the rest of the radio station and it's like i'm supposed to say there's oh geez boy that guy he is oh that Alex Bennett was so good it was incredible did i say Alex Bennett yeah it's been a friday and slow it's 1058 and wio d pombiech is this Alex Bennett hello yes sir the bird is a little squirrely that's a good one yeah mm-hmm as in the squirrely bird that's right okay thank thank you sir short and sweet on the pombie's line i even put them on hold i was so moved by his call but there he goes well that's gonna do it for this first hour i feel guilty about this hour don't you why well we didn't do anything wrong it's them oh it's you always it's you anyway we're going to get out of here for a no Dorothy mac and tires doing the 11 o'clock news behind we got so emotional what was doing that one thing that recipe this morning that he just had to go out and see if it was as good as he said it was he has his own brand it's out they said he has his own one got his own van okay that he just has it on the weekend Dorothy mac and tires gonna bring you that exciting 11 o'clock news i'm sure we're gonna hear a lot about Hugo man so let's come out of your ears and then we'll come back at 11 o'clock five and don't forget this afternoon on the steep came true i'm gonna stick around at least as long as the Reverend Virgin will stay here without leaving and give him the thanks of life on news talk radio 610 wio d pombiech is this in the morning okay it's 11 o'clock six o'clock you i-o-d and we're back for our second hour it's a Monday feels just like Friday i feel like it took a clock i'm ready to go home and crash for the weekend Friday yeah we already had that oh no it feels just like Friday to me you're not gonna believe this but Steve is vying to become the new Larry King because i just i'm not gonna mention any names okay but i just happened to run into somebody i'm no names never met the person before in my life and he said that Steve owes me five thousand dollars don't be fristed out so Larry is like a piker by comparison what yeah good lord it doesn't this go back to that bill mollan memo about the three hundred and some odd dollars remember no bill mollan memo oh you were gone i must have been gone yeah over that oh about anything memo it was like today after that orgasm show oh i remember that show and there was a skating memo only part of which i could read on the air in which mr. mollan just said by the way i want that $352 i fruttered you months ago back now what is it let me fifted off what is going on anyway it's 1107 a wiu i did we're doing a little screenless i see during the newsbreak that the lines all went out for a while now they're starting up again these these people don't have the same where the hell did that come by i felt it in my you know of all the things that is a classic the beak the magic beak from speckle all the things it could have brought from the remote that we left there you know we left all kinds of things we forgot in all the chaos one thing i see that for a minute one thing made it back to the station do you think if i wore this during my debate with Reverend virgin this afternoon that might throw him for a loop what a great how you look it's the bird beak yeah does it do anything yeah yeah yeah yeah when you got glasses it's perfect but for you of course it it's you it's done well anyway uh book and pombie charring and we're doing screenless so until they start ringing oh well little music oh that's good or what are we doing intensive or what we're sure great a him to come by on Wednesday and schmoozer on with everybody and it was great we sold a lot of his stuff there boy on Wednesday we sold a ton didn't wait they cleaned out the shelf right what about yeah mm-hmm it's good so where's that brown paper bag with all the money dear pombie just lit up here hello oh yeah are you doing good is that it yeah that was it good pombie how you doing man that's good that's pombie that's it that's well he had nothing to say he just didn't want to feel guilty he didn't want all his fellow pombie chariots damn to feel like a bunch of morons who have nothing to say Howard County hello Dave County okay let's go for a clean sweep okay let's get those brooms out Howard all right Dave do you hear that in the background there's a nettering noise in the background Neil yeah Neil what what that's it okay a lot of short calls today you know today bokeh okay all right everybody who has that this is good I like this this could be a new format everybody who has absolutely nothing not not a new format that's usual that's quite a thought all right how about everybody who has less than nothing to say get right on that phone okay less than nothing pombie you have nothing to say Neil yeah the joey on all that explains it oh god that explains it no wonder they're trying to watch joey and listen to the same time they don't want to enter they want to be able to hear the show right so they don't want to interrupt joey's melodious tones by speaking is that it what is is he doing smack green again today we check no no no we have to keep our eye glued on that radar just in case you go like starts tipping into that picture somewhere do you think we have some appropriate and something we could play in the background in case you go does start approaching stop Florida all right that's what I got to confess we borrowed those from renewing now you see the answers for renewing tremendous success over the years are right right and I've cart rack okay it's 12 minutes past eleven and w i d a lora never did bring me my folder what are are you somewhere in the building Laura well maybe it was that rough weekend you know that she went where did she say they were Marco i'll know with Scott oh god you old story yeah this is the Scott that she was abandoning then was leaving the sinking ship and all of a sudden that's long kissy poo and back together again I've seen it over and I wonder she didn't bring me that folder for a sports channel of Florida by the way if you have sports channel of Florida you'll see the metz in the cubs at seven thirty tonight and if you don't have sports channel of Florida what's going to happen is you're going to miss the entire national hockey league season which is shameless okay and the best part of it is we've been telling you for months the way to get sports channel of Florida's to call your local cable company and demand it and it is working now Jones and her cable got it a few months ago thanks to this campaign and since we talked last about sports channel of Florida tell a cable of market has just launched sports channel of people and market found out if you call and vision scream and complain like crazy it does work so pick up that phone right now today and keep calling until they give you what you want to you get all the great sporting events including gator football and all kinds of major league baseball that remains in the season and the whole national hockey league season and lots of other great sporting events that you won't find any place else you tell them you want sports channel of Florida and you want it now Marvin you want it now that's not even deans not on it that's just a bell mont and that's not one of their good records a bell mont's had a couple of good records like come on little angel and I need someone those were their two big hits but I guess they didn't want to put these on here because deon would have gotten upset oh wouldn't he he doesn't want anybody know that they had a couple of hits without him it's 11 15 and wio d this is the steep cane warm-up show today we have the Reverend Jason Virgin coming on Reverend Paul this again and we're gonna try to yeah for the 80th time this month and it's only the 15th of the day but I guarantee that he there's a good chance that he's going to get up and walk because I'm going to really I'm not pulling any punches with his douchebag okay he's not just some sweet misguided individual okay he's typical of the brainwashed right wing militant hateful dictatorial intolerant douchebag okay he's a born again idiot and if he can't handle you know if he thinks I'm going to sit here and do a goody two shoes routine it's going to be the shortest show in a history of mankind steam can do baseball cards it's 11 16 at wio d if there's anybody in the audience at stivo's money too we certainly invite you to call in I could be here some real interesting radio date county hello on kaneo how are you today okay listen my name is jack and I have a law practice in Carl Kables and I have a new client this morning covering yourself accordingly sir yes his name is tiny and he says he's stepping from woody spells and he says he's covering yourself accordingly okay well I'll cut him down as soon as I get home tonight oh okay jack I wonder if his life's name was fruit money thanks I think so as in jack fruit okay day there's one line not flashing in day there it goes boy doesn't that give you a feeling of power to see that is not exciting not really empowered oh they're watching joy are you watching joy are we interrupting user man it no oh thank god by spy report yeah he said fire in i do joke what your name up and he said I hate news been bashing me in a fits show week of forget about doing the breed is cop with me oh jays that a threat is that a lot of threat you know I want to I want to tell you what Hank can do with the breeders cup and don't give me wrong because I love horse raising as you know I can go out there and sit in a press box with my real friends and Hank can stick to broadcast where the mundo and shine okay okay typical that's typical Hank if indeed he said that and you could be just making it up trouble but you don't sound like the kind of guy to me that would make that up I'm a mess then would I make anything up no that this point you have to start though I think all over it I can't the cops all accredited the world now we're trying to give you a shot these next two nights I mean if you guys can't be killed because I'd give them a mess up for a circus okay all right now take care buddy how you doing oh fine I just don't get take care buddy thank you sir now joe he's doing load look at that what is wrong with this man doesn't he want this show doesn't he want to be working did he enjoy being out of work that much first of all last week we turned it on his first show and he's running around half naked doing what was he doing my answer my song is this I think now he's doing who's that guy now he's doing aerobics and uh oh look at him with that puppet hanging out there who are you kidding joe I think he's the uh regius building of local TV that's right oh joe give us a break well you look at that and a but that looks like Arlene Ross and I'm on a bad day it's embarrassing oh god look at those look at the sneakers he's got on their up to his knees I can't wait I'm a wait till they show those sneakers oh no now his puppet is hanging out get out of here just have the other guy take his clothes off there you go what guys all hairy and everything isn't he from the neck up that guy's pretty good boy here like a fur ball he's kind of like uh run Jeremy not that bad look at that joe you see look at not look at those sneakers look at that they come up to his who was armpits oh this guy did oh brother talk about him and stake of course he doesn't he never did have a show anyway so I'm just trying to think of something else he could be doing that would be a little more entertaining tough yeah like maybe staying home be a good idea okay so 11 19 and WOD if you're in a place where you can't see channel 10 maybe a WNWS can put the audio in this one and kill a half hour like that maybe they'll just sign up cash channel 10 all day would that be great it could be a exclusive format a WOLD could boy and there's a poor young lady their way on the right she's like they don't like her or something she must be ugly she got right here because all I keep doing is showing joe in this young guy here the one that's got a little bit too much hair or otherwise would be sensational oh sorry jack one of his he's pretty old isn't he that guy might be 25 I would say 23 maybe 26 ancient okay here's the bokeh hello yep how you doing okay I was calling you if you've ever seen Reverend Paul was in Jack in the same place you know 20 passed 11 and WOD it is something to think about look at him boy that that joe has got wrinkles on his wrinkles see it says buffalo on this t-shirt yeah I think that's an old man look how big his you see how fat his legs are oh joe please that would be like Hank Goldberg going on and doing calisthenics on the channel for news whoa do you believe he really said that that if I've been knocking him I can forget about the breer's cup broadcast he can stick that broadcast right in his bazooka okay I don't give it damn I couldn't care less I'll go on with Bob Savage on KT I've already been invited hmm there you go oh I'm not gonna do I'm not having anything to do with Hank he's just such a he can dish it out as that guy from hell and they'll use to say he can dish it out but he can't take it uh kind of like uh don't know oh look at there it is there's the simultaneous look at that isn't that great oh look at little Laura came and she gave me my folder that was so nice because I didn't know where to stick it 21 past 11 I had some ideas but I didn't want to say because it's a family show look at that I witnessed news they should call it earwitness news on w snooze isn't that cute earwitness news here and bishup I've never tried your diesel truck home from work listen to Anne and I know I do with the qualities like who've never heard it well I can't be any better than what it during the daytime or by the way we had some of Sandy's sugar cookies in here this morning there were sensational it gave my goose bumps just thinking about coming back back with all the hot sugar cookies my go through anyway you want some great all right just a moment now how does that look makes me really wonder what I look like with that on I got the beat can't imagine should I do the whole show with Reverend Polis with a beacon it's really something to think about isn't it all you can't breathe that's the only problem well mine your problem oh boy what are they cooking on there is this jolly show with the chef now rice oh great oh cheese oh that the string on there is a little bit tight do you notice that well okay let's take some calls here quit screwing around we've got a very important show today our topic for the date is the Steve O' you money and let's go to date county hello yeah oh you're going to screenlist yes sir medic sighting I've only said it about 40 times but don't don't feel bad nobody else catches on either okay that was very slow audio well the thing is I was watching TV and I turned on jolly it wasn't really listening to you I'm sorry but I was watching jolly and I got a great report it's funny jolly almost dropped that on TV really he's doing these aerobics well I know he died on the sheet he's doing these aerobics he's got the body of Johnny dark his waist is 10 inches big of his upper body I mean he is I never I never watching because I was usually at work but he's he looks like he's about 85 oh how old is he no whatever no 84 oh all right well now he didn't this thing he's doing with these trying to be Mr. physical fitness oh you're watching oh we turned it on and I lost my appetite I was gonna ask Arnold to bring in the Wayne to bring in some food today but I just sick when I saw that yeah they lost two out of three but they still they still knocked that magic number down that's all I counts I want to back into what you understand but I was listening to the meds game on the radio going out and it's like all the meds were just about to turn it off you know it was like huh what did it end on Saturday night and like 10 to one that was it that was it that was the end of the game yeah well for all you meds fans they looked real good and yesterday they got to be one nothing by the way just mentioned that in passing all right all right well I'm out of material since I haven't been listening to the show then you know I just want to tell you that report about Joey that he almost dropped it well it's funny because we must be on a psychic vibration because we turned it on and you turned it on so it goes to show you there's something there that must be it okay see you so 11 27 a WIOD where you are doing screenless today did we say that often enough screenless I mean just to get a ring on there and let it ring as long as you feel like and if you get tired get lost what is it why is he standing in the background he's standing right behind his guest you notice that I think that's a good shot Joey stand right behind all of your guests this guy's just doing my rice and more rice and more and more and more is he gonna put anything in it that's it they did put things in it like what they put eggs and put veggies and they put things in it the great didn't it no I see there's all this stuff in it why there's a couple of onions and piece of Joey's uh here yeah that's about it oh fair okay well that's a great show isn't it that's the most appetizing show if you did if you didn't lose your appetite from watching Joey with his cup of hanging out doing your robics this recipe will definitely do it oh god date county I just did that line are you there hello you are there while I was afraid of that yes good is Neil yeah hi hi hey I'm calling about to saw our seal yeah what do you think of past day jack oh the worst so I wanted to hear boring yeah so I figured yeah you're not in our studio I think pretty good for what what does he do is he funny I think he is a viewer it's just like you're showing first time I heard it I thought it was ridiculous you know yeah well today you gotta watch our CEO a little more often to get you know get his little tricks a little small little teeth are the big teeth that is you know all right I will get I confess that we can't to compete with his teeth there's no question about that right even John even John L. White can't compete with our studios teeth yeah let's go to guys gotta it's got a nice smile and little goofy and a man well good then we'll put Henry Barrow on Neil's own show he's got a nice smile he's a little tipsy okay I'll try it again briefly okay I don't think so I've watched him several times that's just always that same uh I don't like it you know he's the got the crowd is on drugs I think the audience they must be and he's just sitting on the edge of that chair like he's going to do a Mexican tap dance or something and he's second and he's bending crowd he's he's almost on the floor as a matter of fact at times he's crouched he's not only sitting on the edge of the chair but he's hunched forward and other words like his body is too big to sit up and get on camera with the guest if he sets straight up his head would be missing from the shot you know what I mean and yesterday on the emmy's last night he had this wide jacket on I mean he's not a fat guy he's kind of skinny but he had this wide silly looking jacket on often he does he yes I've seen that before very strange strange dude but he's hip man he's in if you watch our senior man you've got it made right and little periay and breathe pombage pombage oh don't say that pombic hung up on us well that would be precise resting and depressing and unusual and bizarre and unadestable yeah oh my god how terrible so nothing make me want to go back to music isn't it didn't I think we've heard enough deon with all due respect to our good friend deon let's not overdo it you know I think we need to get him out of the machine cool him out for a little while I feel very bad about that cap deon he ought to grafted in fact it's just the same cap he's wearing on your friend yes that's that's that's schmatter that he wears on his head all the time yes and he gave us each our own autograph one and yeah he's chewed it up with a few minutes of my getting home be on the lead yeah and I strapped him to that ceiling fan turn it on high and then he was sweating when I took that on so I put him in a closed dryer for about a half hour it's 130 won a WOD those were the cookies and don't say nothing bad about my baby we do have a line in bokeh and pombic not bringing on a screenless monday it's a very weekday and we don't understand quite why but we're used to it there's a big article in here our friends at char hot by the way yes still a little paper is that the fortlander it's in the Miami Harold and the Howard what do they call these business monday is it was I wanted to do yeah business monday yeah it's on page one bb one bb oh yeah it's on the front page is that the front page first yes first page you open now it's a three page you open to yeah page and it's all about char it says char hot owners are doing it their way and of course they are doing great and there's stuff you know what I'm really getting into big now because you know I love their Italian sausage is the hot dogs they have got yes they're great hot dogs yeah and lately I've even been for going the Italian sausage you get I get a couple of hot dogs but anyway it's a whole story about the owners and about how they grown slowly but they're making all this tons of money in their businesses up and it talks about it says about their promotion and they're quoting the owner Joe commissar and he says we use direct mail newspaper coupons talk radio we do a lot of talk radio commissar said and that's it the Harold of course now they don't do other talk shows right they do this show that's the Harold and the Harold of course wouldn't put that in there who wrote this article genicaarol genica i hope that you fall off a ladder today and you break your arm and it's painful and it's in a case for seven months okay because you know damn well let me talk about this show right sure of course he did think there's over the hill just like that bill cost for it's the same same kind of paranoid peroky a little neurotic attitude that they've got over there at the Harold right genica don't you agree always a question okay 1133 and w i just wanted you to say that so colder could rip you tomorrow there is no question by the way we want to say a special height of bill chancer over there who is at present the ennuzman inside kick in the morning on the bill called or show on w what is it edr q a m but uh i underline that at present hmm yeah i just mentioned that in passing because i think when Stanley Cohen comes in there on Wednesday and sees that bill has come here from one side of his ear all the way straight across his head he'll say g bill can't you do something better than that bill i can't i still can't believe he's going to put Stanley Cohen on the air you know what's going on the bell i don't want to talk about i think he wants to embarrass him all Stanley's got to do a say hello and that'll do it hello boom oh man oh i will say this for Stanley as bad as he was and he knew nothing and he admitted he was a brain surgeon compared to Tim Williams through a rocket scientist hmm okay anyway everybody got us to just to the charraq bevelvin saying it for a long time if they would get white hot so they could fly him in you know frozen by the cases we taught hoping that the washers or swigles you know we don't need to go whatever and i'm telling you that would increase their business by a ton white hot and they've got the perfect hot sauce to go along with it already could be like the southboard of Don and Bob's but you know sooner or later they'll take my it's like around here they won't listen to me about anything it's the same thing even though i have this tremendous influence they pay no attention anything that i say okay broard county hello okay well yes oh women yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah yeah oh i'm a long time this is first i call it well that's terrific and i got i got to answer to what you were talking about okay the bird is the bird's a little butt kiss that's cute yeah maybe you ought to be with you i know to a meat to meat um Reverend virgin so he can kiss his butt oh i don't think we're ever well or ever in my like that i don't know yeah well i like to call a couple people through bags i tell you and Danny and Mark and everybody at the office okay don't do bags amen all right go over to yourself accordingly so you will okay all right all right all right and don't forget what it says in the good book the good book says let's don't everybody to death and let's everybody fry an oil let's get a bunch of locus to come down and destroy your house and the good book the good book don't you love that the good book what you're going to hear in other words i hate your ass because the good book says the hate thy neighbor is thyself doesn't that what it says well you're going to hear about this this afternoon hey i got new is for he's going to get an earful like he never heard before you know people are running around quoting neanderthal primitive neanderthal from thousands of years ago it's it's embarrassing i said to somebody over the weekend i said the reason the world is as screwed up today as it is is because we have all these people with all their different cults and religions running around quoting people who live thousands of years ago superstitious idiotic moronic people who live thousands of years ago and it says it is written such and such i mean don't you find that embarrassing it's pathetic what anyway it's 21 till noon a wod i mean in our lifetime didn't we see like uh in the deep suddenly we see Mississippi burning hmm that was only 25 years ago same thing based on yeah based on those wonderful good book go and fact they used to use the scripture to justify the segregation that's right absolutely good look said good those are right in the movie yes it reminds me of these rednex these yahu bigoted nasty rednex that go to church and oh y'all have a good day now god the good lord willing you know stuff like that i want to mention witchner the good lord will when he used to say that he still said oh god well i don't listen to but i mean when he oh geez when i worked over there good lord willing if you could hear the stuff he says off i'm serious you would just pass out on the floor i mean he gives the word bigotry a whole new meaning and shape and definition of a good lord will it oh oh oh oh oh yeah i got my three fifty seven bagged in my Bible okay it's twenty till noon at wio d boca hello boca is gone well that's not unusual even when we do scream it air gone date county is gone hmm okay giving a new meaning to the word screamless today it's called answerless date county is gone all right brown is hello oh what a disappointment yeah i can't stand it oh yeah i haven't tried a crime you'll maybe that would improve well now let me get this straight what you're just played in a start let me understand if i understand you can start a go right off the batting and start arguing with this guy yeah he started it that sounds like something a child would say in kindergarten he started well fits with this conversation it's your adult like this caller yes that's a good point mr. Neil now let let me ask you one more question mr. caller yes mr. mr. nerd yeah jesus funny this guy's on the same wavelength that i am well that is true we've known that for you no oh don't just start who is this this isn't steve from hollywood is oh god you're remarkable oh geez we don't want to talk about that i'm not even gonna waste my time any yeah oh no kid call calder way yeah i'll call us really i can't get this thing oh oh oh this is been a hell dead look at that there we go is anybody out there if you want to make a lot of money come up with a new way to package CDs okay these just don't work what do you worry about there was only steve from hollywood he's a real outworry is it june if i found out he's in the next it's a real thing okay it's enough um by the way it's already the 18th of September shouldn't suck us become very soon like in about three weeks what happened to that calendar you know i gave that to you and that's the last we ever saw oh wow it's probably around somewhere i think my mic cords a little short here we go let's see here's an astray here's some of my new-trust system cream of tomato soup here's some q sheets for disks that we don't have yet any I'll use in there from steve there's one right over there yeah and there's a little milk he's got a little picture of Hank here now steve may not be right about too many things but he's right on target when it comes to Hank Goldberg what my you know my best friend he is a sour push just a trouble making all you got to do is cross Hank once and he will go to the ends of the earth to destroy you that's that's the kind of guy he is he's a vicious backstabbing no good munghead he really is i am really surprised see Hank was one of those people i used to get along with fine because i never saw you know how that is that's right one of those distant friends how to cite out of mine that kind of stuff plus he used to rip off all my material and try to be the neorodges of sports you know that was his big you know calling Miami a bushley town which i had done years before but that was Hank's holding now the guy calls well well i thought the guy was going to tell me some little humorous anecdote didn't you and instead his responses well if he's ripping me he can forget about that breeders cup of broadcast like my my lilyley hooded my career are hinging on whether i go on the air with mr. tout okay i don't need to be on the air with him all right mr. tout and mr. pout they took his horse down it's uh take them down take them down i can't find it so somebody one of our hascetic friends will call in certainly and give us the what are you laughing about you think we don't have a seat i'm listening to the show i believe with their past down to their perfect in their yoml kather robby benson memorial yoml well we could call you know robby benson is Jewish of course and i have seen proof we could call George bush do you think robby benson is ever going to change i mean he's cute in all of that but he's cute to the point now being disgusting because he's about 35 years old is it me i used to be i used to make comments about him and used to just get so upset the thing i understand but i mean i thought he would start changing he still looks the same does it i've been saying this for you well oh yeah well you'd some food not a lot not a lot because i'm already like just bursting at the seams and the great public's uh home entouch home entouching oh no those aren't home entouchers i know they're little Danish it's like on jenn tile home and yeah kind of real call you're a hobby like you know the billchester would like to really yeah they have a little burning cross on you know the chester would love to you okay boy oh boy i hope one day he goes to kom is here and his call maxinant like digs into his bald head we're talking about billchester not billch alter it is calm like digs in and like blood spurts out and there's nothing in there you don't i mean it's like opens up a cavity oh i got a great line for that but i'm not going to use it today not on the air anyway okay let's go to uh what should we do i get lost when i do these screamless because most people aren't there anyway date counties here right yeah i have to tell you i love when your best friend says if i was a bedding man which i'm not as soon as i hear that line that just confirms you don't mean my best friend Hank he said that yeah but i have to confirm well i got news for he can forget about the breeder's cup broadcast he can he can do it with josegacke and make it real exciting you know he would like joe he works right across the street for me and the other day i was driving by there and i wave till me flip me off oh i'm just flip this it is probably get some type of personal problem you just want to talk to him listen did you happen to catch that superhero i thought you want thing you sure eight he filled his fat face that day we had him in a hear a few months ago boy sure it was uh nice and friendly well you guys all he did was sit here and eat for four hours that's a friend before no it's nine four months ago today was it how do you know that it was made teen it was my birthday my eighteenth was four months ago June tomorrow i'll just remember you're right they were long long time we're not going to go to the September what is this phone i think yours are mine yours okay did you catch the superhero show this weekend what what's the holiday Hank he's got a whole year phone line i'm looking as question why did you tell you not the top of what is that what is that i don't know daddy are you sure it's on my one yes hey anyway how was that show Saturday morning what why didn't watch i didn't either we have already discussed that but if you would have been listening instead of worrying about where Hank is climbing that's called american gladiators yeah i don't got that the nitroine glycerin but i thought elected and double impression on your heart and zap one nitro he was he was pretty good yeah and how we're she going great she was she was interesting yeah that's the word she's never going to be the same after sitting on your lap ah you are she she carried me out of the studio film but i heard you slipped the other day and said you had a girlfriend now the uh who me no no no no no that was a slip oh could you never well so no two personal okay yeah we don't get into that you don't ever get the first oh no no no no no so you can't you can't tell something i didn't say i can't i want you're like to know yeah what do you want to know so just curious yeah yeah you know what curiosity did to the can't well it's too bad i can't be on that readers cup broadcast i'm sorry i'm not i'm not messing around with hangover he's just a sour push and a fat slob i mean i'm a fat slob but i admit it but he doesn't admit it i heard her and he's going to be doing the readers cup anyway he may want to be a normal kid okay good day i got boneline it's 11 till noon at wio d if you if you're so if you're like i am and you're just sick and tired of all this nonsense you know and you want to get away from it all and go out have a great meal tonight take uh... paul harvey's girlfriend or somebody uh... anybody want to go with that's paul harvey juniors girl oh and emphasize that you don't have to write the letter jack okay we're talking about paul harvey juniors okay the melting pot in south monkai we have some exciting news sockets is coming saturday and sunday october 14th and 15th less than a month away good lord is sockets all right well you do realize that these departed in the uh... what is the other one whatever they are what that's uh... that's uh... what what did you say there are two kinds of jews real ones and ankle bird oscanazi yeah they live next door to me anyway sockets is but no is it's either their one group pronounces he grew letter this is very this is touchy i've heard this would get upset about this yeah letters that end with it would is can be an s or uh... like a t h so some people would say sockets i'm serious period sockets and others would say sockets i'd put i'd like sockets because i have an uproar is already okay sockets not sockets i'd kind of find it's sockets well no it's like schmata or schmati it is or boba or bobee or right or festival or festival now russia shunna's on September 30 which uh... president bush by the way why which all are Cuban friends are happy russia shunna and you don't kipper is on october nine big season now i wonder what kind of special music you'd play on sockets when some swam me i'll try to put me down and then be happy russia's obligation i tell him right away now listen here i should think it's your heard of my show it's number one in the nation all of this give a dollar for no game through your eyes my eyes my eyes my ears they're you my eyes my eyes my eyes my eyes b pyre yo Shunna'sologie's It's not a safarium. It's ice ganazis and galiczy honors, isn't it? What? What are you talking about? About Hank Goldberg? Oh! My pride's all been checked up on the saddest service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. She'll be singing away. Be sure you should try, try, try, try, try. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. She'll be singing away. Be sure you should try, try, try, try. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. She'll be singing away. Be sure you should try, try, try, try. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at me on the car in the choir now. It's a lugging 57, a WIOD, a sockets mute. I don't know what that means. I'm not in that level of Judaism. I don't get into that. That's like some kind of a Brooklyn thing. I don't know what that means. Now, the Sephardi more spartic pronunciation is that, I don't know why you're laughing. Oh, gee, I have no idea. That has to do with this. I think that the people who speak far to go to the metropolitan community, Synagogue, I don't know what that means. Oh, okay. Sockets. No, I'm serious. There are words that end in T8, but like, like, here's a great one. Shabbas. Now, like, one group would say Shabbat. Okay. All right, so that's true, but I would say Shabbas. Because it sounds more Jewish. Now, if you weren't homestead, you would probably say Saturday. Now, that's honorary Jews. Now, please. It's too late. It's too late. It's too late. It's too late. It's too late. By the way, we wanted to say hi to a special honorary Jewat WQAM built chest. It was got a Jewish hairdo, where he comes his hair straight across from one ear right across the top of his head to the other side. And boy, it looks really macho. Okay. See, that's why he does it. He wants to look as much as possible. Because he doesn't want anybody to think he might be a little, you know, on a plan. And if they fail in Brooklyn, you're on a plan. Anyway, Reven Policine, I'll have plenty of chance to talk about that this afternoon. As we really get down to the old Nitty-Griddy today on the Steve Cane Show, as we find out what the Reverend Virgin's real problem is. Okay. Finally. Is it possible that he's not getting on? Is that possible? That's his problem. Anyway, who's going to do the news now? Chuck, he's not in there. Is that what you tried to tell me? No. No. Problem at all, we can fill as much time to do what. As a matter of fact, we can put a CD in there. He's got the latest on Hugo. So obviously, he's got some heavy duties there. He's going to do on his way into the newsroom. He's there. Got some very heavy meteorological craft to bring you now. Yeah. Far where you, I would just crawl under the table and hide and scream the skies falling. That's generally a good way to do it. When there's like the threat of a storm hurricane, a tropical depression, anything like that. Just crawl under the table and listen to Hank Goldberg. Okay. We'll come back at 12.05 and of course on a Steve Cane Show. Really a real treat this afternoon. Hold in here? Well, I can see my breath. It's not. Cool. Yes, certainly. I have to stay awake for eight hours in here today. I'm not complaining. But it's not going to be easy, especially with Mr. boredom coming on Steve Show today. It's 12 o'clock at WIOD. Well, I will say this. It's our third hour. This part of the show is flying by these first four. It's kind of the warm up to the Jason Pullish Show. The Reverend Virgin. Isn't that going to be exciting? Yes, maybe. Now you, it'll be lively. Yeah. I think. It'll be lively all right till he gets up and walks out. He might. Anyway, let's take a couple of calls. We are doing a screen list today. I know it takes a battery of rocket scientists to explain that to this audience. It just means that Marvin's too busy to answer the phone. He's busy making his plans to take off on tissue boats. It's a tough ride. I love these people. Like a real religious. Yes. I'm serious a KT that is no joke. Air-reduerish holiday. The entire staff who's like a funeral part of them. Well, even when there were people, there was like a funeral part of a KT. But I mean, it was like clear it out. It could be Symmorahastora. And even the goiom didn't come to work on those things. Everybody cleared out. Sidlevyn just stood in the doorway and the genuflecting and tipping is yaml could everybody Everybody ran out. Don't you remember guns? Yeah. Took every Jewish holiday. Everything's done that aren't even celebrating. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 1209 and WOD. What do we do? No. He's in Boston as he doing at Boing 2 Man Show. Remember we read that article about what a monster he was in a business? Yes, you do. Or maybe you weren't here. I don't think I was here. Oh, he was in Boston. He's doing a 2 Man Show with who? All by himself. Anyone who we know? I don't know. The other guy was some other of us. What was it in? Trade or something? Is that anything about Mad Magazine? Yeah. Dave County. Hello. No. I'm calling the Rogers. Well, Neil is speaking. Is this Neil? Yes. Oh, well, how come I don't hear you on the radio? Well, I don't know. But probably because we're on a 7 second delay. I'm going to start listening to that radio. We're all going to go on a second delay. And that's going to be. You know, there's a different thing. Pronunciation of the word. Run. Run. It's a product. And one is I've got to know. Right. Well, I don't like Sukho. Sukho. What? Sukho is a hotdog. I know what it is. But I mean, I just don't like saying it. I like saying it. I like it. Well, one is I can't I do you want to support it. I don't say it anyway. You want to say Sukho. Is that okay? You can say Sukho. That's the way my Bobby would say Sukho. I can't. Well, she knew what she was talking about. Now the no way is the Sephardic. And they're saying Sukho. Oh, well, they're changing it. Got on the right. The original is always the best. I'm going to say Sukho. Right. Happy Sukho. Okay. You two. I have to say Sukho. No. I don't say whatever the hell you want because this is America unless of course Senator Ain't no way doesn't like it. It's 11 past noon at WIOD. We do have a line not flashing. There it goes in Dave County. Thank the Lord for that boy. I passed the plate in the ammunition and all of them. Should we take our break a little bit early here now? I know we did play. What do we play the crime? It's 12 14 at WIOD. If Scott's listening. Lynn. Lynn. Laura. Was just in the control room running her fingers through Marvin's here. I have to let you up. Anyway, we do have a couple lines not flashing now. I did remember something else I wanted to talk about. I really comment on Steve shows as you know. But Friday he had our friend on the show. He's an original provacitor. I remember Mr. bombastic. Yes. Under he's related to Dr. Bombastic. Dr. Bombastic. And that woman and you know, I felt like such a shlep when I listened in the middle of the show because when I left here she was standing out on the hallway. That's Shully Benveniste. Shll. And I said to her, give him a hell. And she looked at me. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Like, fully. Like, what I didn't realize she was another one of these clones of Rabbi Kahana that Steve always has on. You know, if he doesn't have Mark Kahana on himself, he's got one of his underlifts. One of these JDL types. And he's militant obnoxious. And if I had to realize that I would have said a play gun both your houses. And in fact, it was really incredible that anybody could make Dick fatherly come off looking good. But she, she managed to do it. She was so outrageous and so unreasonable. And I just wanted to mention it because I didn't realize where she was from. Well, she had to. I think is the word. Yeah, to look that I knew not to speak to her. She has self-important. Who are you? I'm here now. You know, really talk about making a mountain out of a mall hill. I was really much into about nothing to be honest with you. She made such a stimulus over it. It was just incredible. Anyway, I thought I would mention that in passing because Dick fatherly, of course, we know is a real benevolent, wonderful, patched murderer. It's 1216 at WIOD, Broward County. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I did. How's the bird doing today? Great. Okay. I got an RKO's fire force. Okay. I got a lot of them. A couple weeks ago, you know, Jerry Williams? Never heard of them. He was on Seesman one and I have on television. I know we only did about an hour on it on this show. We talked about it for a whole hour. When was that? The day after I saw it. It was totally impossible. A lot. Foring, termimen. They monster in the field. I know Jerry very well. Used to work with Jerry at WOLD and underlined the OLD. Yeah, he is definitely a big man in the field. Jerry in any order. He's going to make Methuselah look like a teenager. Now Jerry is used to be great until he got boring. He was on there with a couple other right wing who knows. And there's very ponders. Yeah, when they were talking about what's his name, Barney Frank. Yeah, but it was like putting me to sleep. Terminal. It was very trying to be nice. I like this call. Oh, come on. I was just trying to be nice. No, I understand. Don't feel bad just because you're two or three weeks behind. No, it's just feel bad. Hey, hey, what do you expect from a guy that's working a truck all the time? And exactly that same. You don't pass Anna in the highway, do you have any time? Oh, you mean, and Bishop? Yeah, that's the one. You can solve Peter of life, yes. Yes, yes. Well, you're a big dude for us. Next time you pass your own fire. That's really what I was. Okay. Bye. 12, 18, and WOLD. Can you believe Jerry Williams was on C-SPAN? So, did anybody see Graham, mother's house? Come on. I know somebody has seen it. It's just another one of these. I don't know where they get all these movies on viewers choice. They have all these bizarre, violent, axe murderer type horror movies. And you just, they're, they're fascinating. I mean, they're not good. In fact, the ending on this one just leaves you want to scream. I mean, it's just crying. I guess there'll be sequels to all of these. You know, like, Rambo, there's house part two. And then daddy's house and, oh, brother. Do they really fast? They fasten it, you do. It's about these two kids. They're father dies and they go off to live in Graham Pond, Graham house house. And they think their mother is dead, but it turns out that she was in a mental asylum. And she has escaped and she's crazier than a bed bug. And she's hacking everybody up with a thing with an axe. And, um, my life, those kind of things. And the kid is crawling around on the roof trying to escape. And it turns out, Graham Pond was really the father. Oh, I mean, it's just, uh, shocking. And, of course, the sheriff goes in in the house and, um, mommy acts his him up and with a knife and scissors or something. It's great. It's a real good and bloody. Yeah. Just another one of those great family movies for everybody to watch together after dinner time. Oh, I like that Walt Disney. Well, or Mike Disney, 12 19 of W.I.O.D. Boca, hello. Oh. Yeah. What? Okay. Good call. Pond Beach. Okay. Uh, I think they're those two in a hurry. Yeah. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I knew him bird. Um, I want to see you guys are much hipper than our senior in his, uh, legion of food. Yeah. So his barber bush. Uh, what does that tell you? That's how he pees. Got all of them be on in O'Cealia. By the way, happy suckers to all our Hispanic friends. Oh, no. Listen, Neil, I'm leaving for Rochester tomorrow. I'm going back home for one week. Are you serious? Yeah. Well, when you're getting there just in time before the first no fall. It may be. Um, mine. So what restaurants do you recommend up there? I've been pretty much lost touch. Now only you only don't em bobs. It's all you need to know. Just go up there and have four or five hundred white huts and you'll be in good shape. Uh, that sounds real good. They have a real, but what? Uh, but what? Uh, I've finally resurrected myself and I got enough sense to get out of here for a while. Well, that's good. They always can never heard to get out of this God forsaken toilet of a hole for a few days. Oh, my, you're right. It's just like the end of the world here. I was very much in. I can't wait to go back to Rochester in a way. I'll feel like I'm an alien, but you look as if I haven't been back in 16 years. But then again, I'll get a sense of belonging. Just go to the 12 corners right there on Monroe and the Winton Road. It's all still there. Oh, great. All right. Neil, great. Show them. Take care. Okay. Call us from up there now. All right. Call us from right next. In fact, there's a papo outside of Don and Bob. I'll send you white hot to you. Okay. All right. Take care. Yeah. We got a white hot for you. 21 past noon at Wiod and the. What is so funny? I don't understand anything that's going on around me. I'm just surrounded by a bunch of bird brains. Anyway, next time you go to the Beverly Hills Cafe, or I got his punishing you for your in tempered behavior. Look at that. He's choking and getting in tempered behavior. Hopping and put that beco way. Will you play all for that? Yeah, he's punishing you for that beak. Yeah. Wait till we get those pictures. Man, we can retire. We can sell those. A dollar a dollar. If you're also wasted to put a package together. Broward County. Welcome to Wiod. And he said. Mm-hmm. Okay. Date County. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Why don't let you know what the bird is. The bird is the greatest thing that's happened to radios. The Neil Rogers went on the air. Isn't this something? Can you wait a minute? He's serious. How much did you get for this? I know. And I brought for all I said. What was that? He's very bad. From what? I don't know. From what? From why? We've been on for two and a half hours. Oh, it's Nick. Yeah. That comes in the monitors. Don't let that. Benjamin Franklin's wife. I want to read you a card. I got to the OK, sir. Go ahead. Benjamin Franklin's wife was very concerned over his obsession with thunderstorms. You'll catch your death she kept telling him. One night she decided to put her foot down. Come back into the house she commanded. I've got to find a way to prove that lightning is not a bolt from heaven, but a scientific phenomenon he replied. Her patient's exhausted. She answered, go fly a kite. Oh, the rest is his real. This isn't even for me. This is for Roger. I love the way that Nick keeps giving me Rogers mail. He does. For Roger. He does not need a Roger, but just plain old Roger. OK, sir. Thanks for the way. Well, that's OK. Don't panic now. My fingers not near the button. Everything is calm and relaxed. OK. Look like it was closed. Yes. The face that fell on again. Let's know that. Must be hurricane Hugo. I want to collect your milk. That's a baseball card show. You'll crawl on television with you and see you pain. Somebody is filling your name wrong. Really? Yes. I'm filling it with a D. Right up there. Big bowl lettuce on the big 50 inch screen doesn't work. I won't show up then. Well, I would let the knowledge. Here's another letter for Roger. I already opened it. Attention Roger. Verthe person. This next. Sir, I'm going to tell you. If brains were dangerous, even the safest man on the face of the earth. OK. Have a great life. I can get a new phone. I shouldn't have even opened that. I'm just opening it assuming it's mine. I don't think comes in here with a big smile on his face. Sending me all of Roger's mail. He did it for I. Did you do me a big favor and put these back in Roger's box. Please, sir. Till a food comes. And put this someplace safe. I don't know where. Oh, yeah. All right. That's for Roger. OK. 27 past June and WIOD. I'm 26 for some reason. I'm going to be here debating the Reverend Paul. I don't know what kind of a debate it's going to be because he's undividible. He is a shameless and outrageous and just a piece of walking mong. I think is the best way to describe anybody. And steam is even a bigger piece of mong to keep bringing him on the air. And then to say, oh, he's just he's a sweet guy. Just nice, we got his little bit misguided. Yeah. Like, hair monger. I had a great sense of humor at a party. 28 minutes after noon, and let's take a call from Boca. Hello. Yeah. We have three of us out here, heard us, the crying. Well, that's great. They were both of their hits were hits down here. A lot of the roof. Bitter, dialing, dying, we said. They were big hits. There were three hits. I'm on the roof. Up on the roof. Oh, great record. They did it so much better than the drifters. Oh, you never heard them hit that wasn't hit down here. Well, may not have been hit anywhere, but it was a great record. It was even better than it could be. We weren't love, which was tremendous. Yeah, that was. So, you know, in South Florida, people were grouped on here. No, the crying, saying, so magic should get on. Exactly. What the hell is wrong with that stupid, the bean brain over there? What's his name at magic? I don't know. What's his name? That pea brain, that friendier, brother, several. Yeah, that one that used to be a love 94. The break's heaters, there he go. A real pea brain. But he knows about music. We could put in a fimble. Can have room leftovers for the Chinese arm? Well, I have room leftover for Ricky Tickie's camp. Well, anyway, I thought you'd like to know that. And I did hear another old East Asian while I was up in Orlando over the weekend. Cool. Well, cool was great. And they also have, and Tampa, there's one 93.3. Oh, yeah, not so cool. Yeah, it's not great, but it's a, you know, on Saturday and they had some good things. They had some good things to hell out of the music here, doesn't it? Oh, yeah. And then at AOR station, they got up in Orlando that 96.5. What is it? That's a great station, too. They even, they even, they record you've heard before. Oh, yeah. So, now you can, you can play the crime-shames here, the good thing. Well, thank you. And if anybody out there has got up on the roof by the crime-shames, I'll just go nuts if I can get ahold of that. You'll just freak out when you hear that. Yeah, definitely. Okay. All right. Audio. 1229 at WIOD. Maybe our good friend, Rich Packter, who's a chronic pain in an ec who sent us something here today that I wasn't even worth talking about. Maybe, well, no, he sent me this cassette with all the Iran-ets music. Oh, I'm so sorry that I said that, Rich. That's right. I'm so sorry I said that. Produced by Phil Spector. Yeah. And it's also got some deon cuts, and I can tain a turner thing on it. And Bonnie in the treasures, and he says Bonnie in the treasures, was the name that he thinks the Ronets used later on. Hmm. I never heard that. Well, hey, listen, when you're dealing with Phil Packter, look at what's on here. Be like, baby. Be like that. Be like that. Baby, I love you. What did I say? That's a fine, fine, fine, fine, fine. I like Phil Packter. You can't get much more chronic than that. You don't come any more chronic than Phil Packter do you hear? A chapel of love. I thought that was the Dixie cups, wasn't it? But no, wasn't it? I wasn't. Well, I must be on her to run at. Maybe. I never heard it by him. Walking in the rain, do I love you? The best part of breaking up. Oh, God, is there some good stuff on here? What I say? Hmm. Great Charles is spinning and he's not even as grave yet. He's still spinning. Hmm. I can hear music. Now, don't we have that here? Music. The beach boys. Is that on one of these here? Is that just my, no, you've played it. I've heard you play it. I have. Why? Where are you? Why do you have? One moment, please. Let's see. Come go with me. Hmm. Fun, fun, fun, I get around. God, this isn't the one. It's the other beach boys. One that's in here. Oh. We do have two in here. Don't we? I think so. Here's sound effects. Oh, good. I like this. Here's the charale. Hmm. Hmm. Well, where the hell is that other beach boys thing? Is this it? Ah, no, that's the rascals. There's Jan and Dean. Maybe whoever stole it and took it home, we'll bring it back in time for us to play it today. Look at some of those IOU notes from Steve and see if they're there. Oh, yeah. There's another kissy kissy note that Hank Goldberg left for me. Hank, forget about that show. I'm not going to be on it. Okay, you can have whoever you want of your choice, but forget about me. I'm not going to six day route. You know, I'm getting a sick and tired of this crap. They find every excuse for you to work a six day here. That's not going to fly. Well, maybe it's in here. Do you think? That could be it. What do you think? Oh, we got a lot of time. Well, 32. Well, 32 in the big shitty. Oh, I, oh, Dean. Oh, look at that. There's a whole bunch of stuff in here. I wouldn't even be surprised if sea of love by Phil Phillips's. You know, it could be. Well, I wouldn't have to be great. That would give us a excuse to play two things. I would have to pace myself today. Exactly. You do. Here's the end crowd by Dolby Gray. I like that. And of course, is all about our senior halls, viewers. See you, love by Phil Phillips. I don't think it's on here. Well, wait a minute. It could be the gentries and keep on dancing. We could play that. That's good. It was the rest. I like that too. Bus stop by the hollies. And then they have the, uh, Sephardic version. Bus stop by the hollies. For those who want to break bread during the show. Yeah. Well, I don't know what you're laughing about. You don't even know what that means. Yes, I do. Holly, you know, no holly from Hall of Oz. I can't say it, but I know what it means. What do you mean? You can't say it. Well, I'm Gentile from Lakeland. I can't possibly call this exactly. Um, how could I say it? Where's that other beach boys? I know it's in here. Okay, trust me. Could it be in here? Oh, look at what's in there. Woo. Some of it's crawling around. Big careful there. Some of it's moving. Watch yourself in there. Yeah. 12. 33 now. Wait a minute. See if love might be on here. 1961. Will you, uh, height now? What are you shot off? She isn't here knowing you're self-hosts. Pretty cool, blue persuasion. Oh, there's low commotion. Remember I played that the other day in cousin Brucey stepped on it? Hmm, kind of. By the way, I heard some of that on. He wasn't as bad as I thought he was. Oh, good. No, he wasn't. Oh, good. Not exciting, but it wasn't that bad. Uh, I don't find it. And that really frost my butt. I guess during the break, I'll have to dig around in there because I know it's in here. I know it didn't take it home. I don't know. I can't even get on that other beach boys one of once got Hawaii on it. Oh, yeah. You know, and some of those non-hits, but that word, I can hear music. Oh, that is so great. Just, it's disgusting. It's so good. And I don't know what I'm wasting my time because there isn't one person in the audience who gives a flying leap about here and again. They don't want to hear it. We don't want to hear music. We could turn on magic if we want to hear music. Well, go right ahead. Okay. Be my guest. 1234. I have WIOD Citywide Insurance Aid. Yeah, you better open my mic if you want to take off the air because Neil is over in the cabinet. Deeply immersed in CDs. And no work. The rest thing is all your toys. Oh, it is. They swipe everything in here. Roger was talking to you at this morning. He was going nuts. He's saying, man. Everything on a weekend comes out of here and it's given you. Why can't we have a key on this door? If they would pay any attention to what goes on here, day in and day out instead of the stupid meetings they have trying to sit around acting important, this could be a real radio station someday. Well, it's just frustrating as hell. You know what? Yeah, you're right. There is a key on there. But you're never going to guess. And I never would have found this if I wouldn't have gone back inside of here. You're going to just fall on the floor. You're going to just flip your wings. If I can find what cut it is. Let's say, oh, look at that. You're going to go nuts when you hear. Incredible. Shocking. A week we've been searching. Oh, wow, you're doing so well. You're just joking. You dig around enough. You'll find something. That's what they say. Let's go. Got it. Come. Not bad. I love you. Of course the question is doing cut it off. Or do we let it go? Like Steve. Well, I guess we cut it off. No, but I mean, he played half of it and then he stopped it, which was so tacky. He has no clue. You know, nothing about playing music or using cards or stuff. Now, he's strictly screaming any yelling and getting everybody excited. Another thing Steve does lately, and I've noticed, if you notice, he'll start the show and say, well, I'm really in a very bad mood today. I'm really a psychotic today. Onions doesn't care about that. And in fact, on his show, they expect that. Oh, isn't that true? Yes. Can't come on and start the show or video with some excuse about how you're in a bad mood, because the dog just did a number on the carpet or something. Although speaking of that, it's 1239 at WIO Day, speaking of hopeless, there he is, ladies and gentlemen. Just in from Louisville. Or wherever the hell he was again, another busman's holiday. He's getting on those buses and one day, one of them is not going to come back. Anyway, here's a call from the Broward. Hello. Oh, I want. Yes, yes. You have an account that's before about the bird. Yeah, but now the line is the question is, the bird, what was it again? The bird is what? The bird is a little stiff. Really? Well, he just got a big smile on his face and he said, that's right. I think that's wishful thinking. Well, you're talking about my bird at the home. He's very stiff. And that brown in that blue bag somewhere. Yeah, you have a sport for him? Yeah. No, I mean, he's long gone. Oh, all the history. I'm looking forward to the deep cane show, like I haven't in a couple years. Really? Yeah, I'm trying to give him all the help I can. I think if you do a show every other week or so, whatever his ratings would be. Well, I got news about that. That isn't going to happen, sir. Trust me. Why not? Because four hours is plenty. Too much. I think about a two and a half hours. Why not? What a question. What have I gave you? Fifty thousand week, next time. About ten more grace. So rookie cut. No, that won't do it. I can see him for free. And do like tonight. Okay, sir. Well, I was hoping that I could eventually do it once in a while. Don't forget Paul Kilgis is pitching tonight. I was a met fan. One, I really am out of my Yankee fan. But I used to watch the met on on tell line every once in a while now. I know. Since the beginning of the year, I've become. Been rooting for the cobs since May. Have you really? Really. Well, it's never too late to become a co-fan. Well, I am looking forward to the series again. Sam Francisco. Well, look, before we worry about San Francisco, let's go ahead and talk about the met and the fillies and the pirates. And Montral and St. Louis and that order, okay? Let's hope we don't see too many starts for Paul Kilgis in the next two. Well, he was going to start every four days and I'd say the met have a chance. Yeah. Well, let's be glad there's only two weeks left. Okay. We'll use the fish at Petford. Hang up on this guy. He said, please, he recommended Mark the bird fid rich. Push, have a great day. You're still one. One, two, three. Johnny, John. Okay, 1242 at WIOD and let's go to date county. Hello. Okay. Well, I'm not going to wait. I know there are people on those lines, but I'm not going to wait around. In other words, we don't have time. We've been doing this for almost three years now. And I'm not going to retrain the audience in screenless. I mean, if you don't know what it is and how to do it, then Reverend Paul is going to draw you a diagram at two o'clock. And if anybody doesn't know what it is and how to do it, that's it. Hey, Dave County, hello. Yes. How are you doing? Okay. How about them, Dolphin? Hey, wasn't that great? That was great. They really kicked their butts into oblivion, even a snowplot wouldn't have helped yesterday. Listen, why do we play Kansas City twice this year? Hey, don't knock it. I don't know, but don't knock it. It might be helpful. It couldn't hurt. And listen, can I call someone to do space? Sure, go ahead. Bird, your do speak. Okay, good call. 1243 at WIOD. That's the kind of call that we spend thousands of dollars trying to make happen on this show. And that's what they talk about at the water cooler. What do you think they do talk about at the water cooler here? Have you ever wondered about that? Here? Yeah. Like when they're downstairs. I came in this morning and I went into the cafeteria to get my little cup of water or whatever. And Skip Harmon was standing out there looking out the window. No, seriously, aimlessly like he's on the air. No, I must have been playing along record. Like hush by deep purple. Let me think about what they talk about. Derek and the dominoes in Laila. They play Laila? Sure. Well, thank God for that. Yeah, in fact, I think Laila is on that first CD that spike-wise gave it. Yeah, the one that we burned over the weekend. I think it was. Okay, 1244 at WIOD. And let's do a little call here from Bokeh. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. That's good. Harmon's power port. He called you fighting at a mental midget. Norm cash? Norm can't. Norman can't. Yeah. Called me a mental midget. Yeah, on his show. Right, right. That's cute. On a side by you know. Okay. Should you expect me to believe that? With all the money that Norm can is making off all of this, you think he would call me a mental midget. Maybe he would. Off the air he would do that. No, he said it. Okay. Okay. Well, anybody that's in rotisserie baseball can't be all bad. That's right. Okay. Well, if you could see what your hair looks like. Look at him. Look at the bear. Oh, he just ruined it. What? Your hair was flipped out like the mad professor. I think Bill Chester. I think Bill Chester, in fact, if you'd start combing it's great across. What I'm working on. You'd have the appearance of having a full head of hair. Like that redneck Bill Chester over. Thank you. I am. Cool. Everybody. Yeah. Great sidekick. That's stiff. Really. Dave County. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Well, I thought I'd never get on this boat. No, if you just keep plugging away. Yeah. It wasn't busy. Yeah. I wanted to talk about that guy. It's going to Rochester. Why talk to who? The guy's on the radio. No, that's me. That's us. That's you guys. How many could I find you so fast? Because we're doing a screamers. Did you just call? Yeah. I'm listening to the show now. You're on. I'm on the air. Just keep listening. You'll hear it on a second delay. Why? I said, be still my heart. Well, you got that one dark guy that was on the radio. Just a few minutes ago. He's going up to Rochester. Yes, man. You calmed the button of warm. Because I just talked to my family. And it's colder than Haiti's up there. What did you say the, uh, can of worms? No, the guy. Can't be in a worm. The guy that's going up to it. Don't you know the can of worms is the what they call the intersection of all the expressways downtown. The can of worms. Yeah. I believe it. I've been in the last on it. Thanks. I was there just a few weeks ago. Up north? Yeah. Up north. What about? What I just said in Rochester. In Rochester, we're on from Syracuse. Well, that's not a big deal. No, but it's cold up there. It's very cold there. And also in O'Neonton, us we go and all those. Yeah, I got family and I'll free go to the airport. And all the name and joy and diversity. That's the Troy. That's the city. Not the person Jack. I don't want to get Jack confused. And you know, you know, my name? Mm-hmm. No. No. No. It's a crowd of worms. I know. That's a cure. Well, how often do you listen to this show? Whenever I can remember it's in the radio and I'm at work. Okay. Well, if you're at work, that explains. Now, you didn't see them will be grandmother's house, did you? No. I didn't. Well, okay. If you get a chance, be sure to miss it. Okay. Well, just tell me what channel it's about or whatever if it's in the show. Okay. Do you pick people later, I guess? Okay. Bye-bye. See you in Auburn. No. I'll just take the center of course. It's a little bit safer there. Yeah, I believe that. Okay. Do you have the GE plant? Yeah. Okay. Definitely. Say goodbye. I see you. About 47. I have no idea who we are. Yeah, that's the key. You want to talk to the people who are on the air. That's a great call. You want to talk to the people around here? Maybe we can get a hold of them. Okay. We're doing screenless. We're finally building a little bit of momentum, unfortunately. And I think we got one more break to do here. 1247 at WIO Day. Here's 60. From the Roger Hurlberg School, Herbert School. Can you believe he brought in a record? They put it on card. And they walked in. And they thought they could play it once on this station. Never to be heard again. Oh, lift me. Wow. I feel cost and isn't it doing this? Feel cost. Yeah. I want to tell you. And then they played it half of it. Or like two thirds of it and Steve had him played it down. And they walked the card. And it disappeared forever. Do you believe? I'm so proud of it. This is like iron there. Yeah. You just keep talking. Talk it right through the whole record, baby. Talk through. Anyway, it's 1251 and WIO Day. That's a great record. I will credit whoever made the movie. I haven't seen the movie obviously because it's just out. Right? Is it out? Yeah. Open tried. Oh. It did. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Let me for asking such tough questions. But given credit for not using the honey drippers. Oh, it ripped off. I thought the temptation. I'm sure would have been great to do that. Because it would have been more contemporary. And all these punk mung heads out there would have, oh yeah. I know that record. But they didn't do that. They did more like a Benny King. They know what I mean. What was the year on this? Does this have the early 60s? I'd say the summer of... It says 1959. Hmm. Really? Yeah. That doesn't sound right. It's I would say the summer of 61. Wouldn't you? Yeah. Something like that. Do you want to do it? Johnny Darkle. Yeah. Johnny Darkle. Yeah. On the darkline. That's the low down on that. Rowered County. Hello. Hey, now. Hey, don't. Great. Oh, you know who we are, right? All right. I think so. Well, that's good. That last lady. She didn't know. She thought she was calling her minimum queen. Yeah. Yeah. I got her pretty quick there. Well, that's because I'm just punching around here. You were lucky. Yeah. So if I were you, I'd go out and buy 100 lottery tickets right now. Okay. Uh-oh. Yeah. We're here. Yeah. I'm on the phone. Yeah. Leave him alone. He's on the phone. Who is that? Jack. Well, tell Jack. Go. Go back to your room. Okay. So how's it going? Great. You're having a wonderful, can't you tell? Aren't you listening? Yeah. Well, listen. Go see Jack and do you obviously have nothing to say? I'm not going to keep playing that game. 12. It was going great till that call. 1253. 7 till 1 at WIO Day. The steam can show today. It says today we analyze. Mm-hmm. If I could read you what Nick has written here. It says today we analyze the deep dark inner working of the mind of blank. What? Blank. It's got a blank. Guess Neo Rogers and Jason Poles and Reverend in parentheses. Uh-huh. Reverend. Mm-hmm. And on sports talk, we have the dolphin addition. And to celebrate yesterday's traumatic gouging of the patriots that smashing, thrashing, victory, 24 to 10 up in New England with Rick and Joe. No hang tonight. So you can kiss the ground for that. No, you know, the more I think about that comment, if he really said that, of course, you never know what these trouble making callers. But knowing Hank and what a munghead he is he probably did. Uh, like, like he's doing me a favor. Mm-hmm. He's letting me in. You know what that reminds me of. It's like the hurricane baseball. I don't want to start a big thing here because I don't really care one way or the other. And the sun is a great guy. Sunny and I would never have a misunderstanding because we've known each other too long. And Sunny knows that I'm the best. But, um, are you paying any attention? I'm hearing every word. Oh, the bottom line is it's like all these little us. And Steve is right about the sports department. They are so paranoid and insecure. Uh-huh. Well, it's hard apartment. So, uh, you know, we were going to let you in on that show. But since you're badmouthing me, you can forget about the breeder's couple. You can forget about it too, Hank. You can stick it. Okay. I hope you bet 50,000 on a horse to show that finishes eighth in a seven horse race. What a, I mean, like, like, they're doing me a favor. Let me come in on Saturday. Like, I need that like, hemorrhage, right? To come in and go over there. When I go to the track, I don't like to be working. I like to be nudging. I like to have a good time and punch. I don't like to be working over there. I hope Bob Savage is listening to that too. No, I don't. I don't enjoy going over there and have to go on some stupid show. I just like going over there relaxing and reading my racing form and having a good time and listening to Caller Rippewa, New As, and just having a good time. Okay. I hear is the date county. Hello. Okay. That must be tweety trying to get out of the bag. Date county. Hello. Yeah. Are you doing? Okay. Listen. Nice talking to you. Hey. Yeah. So, uh, so what's up? Not much. How about those? How about those? Because magic numbers down to nine, sir. That's right. And after today at a marital be down to let's see, seven five, I guess. And those parents too. There. What the hell happened in that game? You know, I was watching a lot of that game. And it was, um, what was it? It was, uh, no, no, no, no, but I'm talking to early in the game was like, 10 to seven or something like that. Yeah, we was really cool. And then the bear has got to touch down. It was 17 to seven. And I was flipping around watching other stuff. And I kept coming back. And all of a sudden it was like 150 to nothing or something. What the hell went on there? You bad to bear. Keep that. They were crazy. They're in the end. Well, what's it? Wanting to make another, uh, what's it? Never again. Why not? How about date? How about date? What? Yeah. Like closer like. No, no, not date County. I don't have my passport. Why not? No, speak it at yes, bun you ulcer. Oh, come on. I don't know. Whenever whenever I fail, whenever our lustiest sales department sells something, that's when we'll go there. You know us, we're just a bunch of horrors. Yeah. Oh, oh. We'll go anywhere. Last week we were in Dave County. If I recall correctly. That was in Dave County. Yeah. I've been funny. You should remember that. Yeah, but up in this game over. I live in Kendall. Well, excuse me. Why didn't you talk to the sales department? How about if we just moved the whole station down to Kendall, just to make you happy and come by and have lunch with us every day? Yeah. Why not? Well, I'll tell you what you hang on. Marvel will give you a glens address. I have been living in Stubby. I have by his house. He lives in Kendall. I don't think so. I can stop by his house. No, I live in Kendall. And look at pictures of Phoebe in George Cates. And I made the remote. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know attention. I do. What do you mean? You got right. Didn't you? Oh. One chicken of Miami Dade. Oh, you're not the one that starts that with Miami Dade. I like I said we speaking English. Oh, can I? Nobody can English at Miami Dade or FIU. Why am I going to be doing a show on Wuffy Radio? They just signed us to a long-term contract. That's true. That was so real dumb. You remember when you played that thing? No. With that girl? No, I sure don't. A couple months ago. What? She said something about that. Some whole sexual. A bad homosexuals. Even their homosexual part didn't bother. That was real. But that's a bad. Like Hank Goldberg. You can't. They don't come any farther than Hank Goldberg. Yeah, that's true. Okay. And I'm really upset that I'm going to miss out on that Reader's Cup broadcast because Hank is looking his wounds again. Because I've been picking on him. Steve was absolutely right about Hank. Hank is a vicious, back-stabbing douchebag who shills for the dolphins and who never is never seriously never set a correcting on he earned his life. But I do appreciate the horse to give me a few months ago. Good luck with the year. Good luck with the year. Good luck with the price. Good luck with the horse that got injured. What was that horse? It was the Dixie Land Brass. Thank you, Hank, but you're still among head. Go ahead, sir. Good luck with the Reverend. The Reverend when he leaves here, sir. He won't know whether to scream or eat Chiquita banana. Okay. Believe me. All right. I could have seen it. I'm not going to treat him with kid gloves like Steve does because Steve likes to be close personal buddies with all of his guests. I'm going to let him have it like he's never had it before if you pardon that expression. What is that? You're in therapy. You're in therapy for AIDS and cancer. Oh, yeah. For Hank nails also. You have like heartening of the arteries. Is this the urine link? Or if you have softening of the arteries. Marjorie, that's the urine link. Yeah. She's coming by for a little cocktail later on after the show. Anyway, that's to pay money to do this. You have to pay three dollars. That's her. That's the urine link. Yes. For Aunt Tanya, that show is a real pisser. What? Anyway, we're going to get out of here and make way for the news. Chuck Myers is a racing around frantically looking for more hurricane warnings. These news people are they smiling from your near to your all in any kind of disaster. Plane crash in hurricanes, earthquakes, and pannet, pestilence. Bridey and they love it. They put big memos on it while say, well, we need a lot more events like this. Really boost those ratings up. So Chuck's going to give you a real above of my sees here on that hurricane and then we'll come back. They want to know. And then of course we'll be debating the Reverend Jason virgin Apolta's on a steamcane show. This afternoon and he's really going to hear about the birds and the bees for the first time ever today. This is the water to two hours. The hurricane is coming out to the river. The hurricane is coming out to the river. 106 to W. I. O. D. And Wayne Arnold was just here with little lunch. And that's good that we had lunch a little late today because I got to stick around right. Is the buckle that's coming out? It's out what it is. Why don't we buckle for me? I didn't think so. It's going to be explosive. I think it might. This is going to be what else is it going to be? Well, exciting. Could be exciting. What Steve Stone always says, and I'd be for the couple. It's going to be exciting. And I watched yesterday and it was not exciting. I know it was terminal. I hope that same thing doesn't happen today. I hope the same thing doesn't happen today. I don't care about it here. I hope the same thing doesn't happen tonight. I'm silly. I'm thinking of this show. Well, no matter how far away to lose six out of seven, I really feel this year. I just mentioned that in passing. So they haven't exactly set the world on fire. And then, of course, yesterday, it looked like they were just kind of going through the motions. Although Gary Carter was outstanding. We know he's going to be around for a long time. We got to get Gary Carter around with Reverend Polis. He's another born again Christian who rips his fellow neighbors and teammates. It's too bad. They can't all hit 140 like Gary sitting and throw out one runner in a season. I tell you one thing about Gary's consistency is one home run this year. He's throwing out one runner right. Thanks. He's consistent. Anyways, the big one to two hour. And the phones are mediocre. We have three lines not flashing on a screenless day, which shows you how much these people care about us. They just don't care at all. Right? Hmm. Now there's two. You don't think the right rep are to get upset because I'm eating on the ear. Now, probably. Well, I have to get my strength up. Exactly. Now they're all flashing. Frantically. Like they have something to say. Well, like. Oh, we better not say that. Broward County. Hey Neil. Yeah. You know what? And Bishop looks like. No, no, it's certain that wait a minute. Is this going to be disgusting and road test going to have to dump it? No, it's like bad Richard drag. Well, that's all right. Okay. Hey, the bird is. Yes. Right. A rotten egg. Well, that's not too bad. That's a lot nicer than most of what they said. Good call them a duty pack. Yeah, no, that was nice. Okay. Thank you, sir. You're right on target. Good call. One on. Once this BLT, by the way, because there goes Marvin just raised his hand. It is kosher, too, by the way. It's got a little bacon. Come on. Tell your mom to quit being such a pain in the ass. All right. Tell her, you know, she looks silly with that. Mazza swinging from her nose. Nine minutes past one at W.I.O.D. Well, she does. She's got him. Mazza wasn't meant to be put around your nose. There you go. Is Danny Thomas still alive, by the way? Yeah. He is. Sure. Because they had a clip last night among the Lucy clip. Did you see that? That's a dib. And Danny Thomas was sitting in her. I haven't seen him at a long time. Marlowe was on the thing. Lied. Who was on with her? Oh, Bob Wagner. Robert Wagner. Why doesn't he stop showing up man? He's getting a little long in the tooth kind of like John O.A. Is it? I don't know if it's- And what really did happen to his wife, to Natalie Wood? Oh. I don't buy that. She just went out for a swim at three in the morning. I'm not sure I believe that. Really? I don't know. I'm just asking out loud about this. I'm just asking questions. Hope you might have some answer. I don't want to get into that. You know all these things about show business. That's your area of expertise. Oh, the gossip. Yeah. And who else was on her life? Oh, and then they give the award to L.A. Law of course, which nobody watches everybody watches- Oh, yeah. All right. Yeah. Nobody watches. Yeah. That's how anything. This is the second time- Not landing. Second time L.A. Law is one. Not landing. Well, if they had him, he'd also have an answer. He'd also have an answer. He'd also have an answer. Well, if they had him, he'd also have an answer. He'd also have an answer. Well, if they had him, he'd also have an answer. But anyway, that Harry Hamlin was missing around in the background on a stage last night. Mm-hmm. It was crazy. He was a day-to-day-to-in-wind. She was up for, um, I guess, best actress. She won the Abaddered and Black and Blue Award. No, um, oh, she didn't win. No. A Diane Delaney won. But David has to be one for prettiest hairdo. Mm-hmm. Well, good. But a cartridge family. It truly Jones was really upset about it. It's 11 after one at W.I.O.D. And we want you to get out to Shelds tonight for a real Sheld abrasion. You might even run into boom boom tuner at Shelds, because he likes to Shelds braid every night. And like Henry Burrell. Oh, oh, excuse me. Yeah. Oh, I got food in my hand, but I can't monkey with these microphones. I could put it back on the stand, but I don't like that anymore. You know? What are you doing? Not what is that? That's a cup. Nine oars. A cup. But why are you making those disgusting sounds? Oh, Senator Etono, way might get nervous. And the reverend might get excited. All right. Now, what's this memo you got here? The spanks from Fatt. I like Fatt. Fatt. Fatt. This is Fatt. Real Pactor. Rich Pactor. And it says, two Neil Rogers. Fill Pactor. What an insult. I'm coming to the quick. I'm hardly in the same league as PH Jr. Watch out for those juniors. As for my being a chronic come on Neil, I haven't spoken to you since the Chicago show. Get serious. Sign. Good day. It. It. That's. You know what? This record is trying to self-destruct now. It won't go on that cut anymore. That's sick of it. Look at that. I'm in the air. I'm in the air. Yeah. I'm your pro. One of these times we might play the whole thing. In fact, we're picking up an office pool to see which time. What do you want Shane? That's Shane Raleigh. I mean, Shane. What do we call him last week? Shane. Are Shane? What do we call him? What do we call him on end of his mind? That's a micro. Oh. Sean Cassidy. Now, an Alice called up a lot of know if he was really here. Alice went crazy. Are they all the same? What is he doing? He's looking for like the right one. I mean, are you shopping for burgers like those old ladies do it? The Kazollies? They go in there and they go, I want that slice over there. That's the only time I've ever mustard the anger. Do you scream at an old lady? Was it Kazollies? What are you doing? What are you doing? I'm not what is it. You have enough. You can't breathe now. That's it. No, he's doing for the newsroom, not just for him. We've got to exactly a lot of starving people of that newsroom. Can't you tell? Anyway, this old lady was in Kazollies in 163rd Street Mall. Mm-hmm. All I wanted was a stick and slice of pizza. And it were like three slices left. And she's looking at him and looking at him. She was at that. That looking and looking. And then she wanted to get to start poking around and feeling, you know. I said, lady, if you want to go shopping, go over to birdines. This is for pizza, not to go shopping. You know, she got very huffy and, um. I'll have fat when I wait a minute. That's got too much cheese on it. It's not good for my constipation. Uh-huh. 117 at WIOD, wait a minute. What was that? They just took the box right out of my hand. What kind of a slob are you rich? He took all your burgers? What else are I'm just having in our all of mine? Yes. He took all yours too. Yeah? Were you through? Yeah. Oh, I'd like to go get some grief anyway. Shane toner. That was the name. Shane toner is does traffic. Right. That's right. By the way, I love the way those traffic patrol sound on a QAM in the morning. It sounds really like clearance on a bad day. Sounds like he's doing a W snooze for him. I don't want to get called or any grief because he's had enough problems in his life. But he's got that bill. What's his name? Cheshire. Like cat. Cheshire. Homes his hair across his brain. Captain Homo Fobia. Oh, you must have had a gay old pun. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Where's that? Are you Steve and the record bailed? Come on, man. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, boy. 118 at WIOD. It's one thing I liked about that the time I was up there in Nashville is the fact that all those Yahoo Hillbillies. They all talk about the Bible and about religion, everything in there just doing everything that moves up there. You know, Mrs. A really are huh, Mrs. Appy burning. It's like that. Just. Ugh. It's that same. Has anybody seen Sea of Love beside Fat Rich? She said it was okay, but the ending wasn't too great. Penny like because I know grandmother's house is just too much for this audience. Ed Edie and the Cruiser's part too. How about going with a wind? Is anybody in this audience seen that gone with a wind? How about the Bible with Charlotton Heston? Or, worse, the tongue, huh? How about pumpkin hair, didn't you? I have, let's go to a date county, hello. I nail how are you, bird? Okay. First, why I prefer rubber plant in the honey dripers version of Sea of Love? Oh, jeez, are you real? I heard it. We played it on Zeta. Oh, you did. Oh, okay. How about my times, do we wise up? Well, I didn't listen to you much when you were in Zeta. Why not? I don't know. I mean, I just had heard of you much. My brother and Laura would listen to you every morning and record bits for us. I always liked your brother and Laura lot. I don't think all you is. Mm-hmm. The name is Chip and he's a douchebag. He's over at you. You're all like him. Um, I called you on your remote and told you these. Well, leave it on your hair. I'm going in there, great, aren't they? Go ahead, do you call us on our remote and pull us one? I've got the blue hair in the McDonald's. All we had to dump this guy. Yeah, well, don't dump me this time. Brother had to dump this guy. Yeah, you can't. Exactly, listen. He didn't even dump me. He put me on hold. And then he came on and he set up the chair on in a minute. I thought he was going to put me on a second time. Yeah. I'm going to send you a copy of the blue hair driving my lane. I just haven't gotten around to doubling it yet. Okay. Also, I heard you mentioned that Twigos. That's why I decided to call now. This isn't hilarious, is it? Sure is, buddy. Hmm. Back connection. You did mention us, Twigos. I did. Oh, yeah, that lady who didn't know who we were. That's right. Mm-hmm. And I said, how about Canis Joda? Have you ever been there? She said I was once in a canis, stole the wagon. And I said, get on the bus lady. Oh, with me. And get out of town. I know. Well, 20 after one at WIO deal. I hope Ricky's taking notes over there. Let's go to date County. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I heard you talking about Hank Goldberg earlier. Cool. Your buddy Hank? Oh, my best friend. Yeah. Wait, I had to work Sunday. And I listened to your station, the Dolphin game. Mm-hmm. The guy said maybe two words. And after he said those two words, I threw up. He was disgusting. What a waste of time. What do you mean he said two words? Turn the whole bog game. Oh, well, that's good. Ricky must have been in heaven. Yeah. I bet he was. Hey, listen. I got a good one for your bird cell in the blank contest. Mm-hmm. You know, birds text. So I guess the bird is a little pecker. Hey, Neil. Do me a favor, would you? Yeah. Well, let me take $50. Ricky's onions are best they've ever been. Very good today. They always great. But for some very good day. Yeah. Okay. I haven't gotten onion on the microphone. Matt, don't you have a fun day? You want that one? No thanks. Okay, 21. I don't know what you're laughing about. He was eating crumbs off the newspaper before. They were my crumbs. Yeah. That's the difference. I want Mike from the nearest red guy. I want Mike from. Yeah. I want Mike from the nearest red guy. I want Mike from. Yes. My water. I want my water. Anything else? That's about it. That's about it. 122. I WIOD. I shouldn't do this with food in my mouth. But I guess they don't have any choice. Tell you about the Beverly Hills Cafe. I like some more. I like Beverly Hills Cafe. Great burgers. Mm-hmm. Eight different kind of burgers. In fact, if you're white conscious, they have the slimmer burger, which is a fun list patty served with fresh fruits and salad. Great idea. And boy, there's nothing like fresh fruits in this town. Trust me when I tell you. But anybody should know. And they've got all kinds of delicious appetizers, mozzarella sticks and whistling wings. What? A little wings. They come out and they whistle on your head. Southwest steak slices, many of your spinach bites. Ultimate not-chose, potato skins, delicious soups. And as I said before, you can even take a pint or quarter of their homemade soups home with you. And don't forget the special offer now. I mentioned the arroggies when you go to any of the Beverly Hills Cafe. Locations and they'll give you a coupon. Good for your next visit for delicious hatpond. Beverly Hills cheeseburger with fries and soda offer just 399. Good for Monday and Tuesday nights. But the offer expires a couple of days after Sukhus, October 17. I'm going to come back to the city of Vancouver. Now during your next stop at any of these six south Florida. Beverly Hills Cafe locations in Miami Lakes. Hollywood North Miami Beach, Tamarack, South Miami. And now Beverly Hills burgers at the Bayside Marketplace. Coming up tonight on WIOT Sports. We'll have Dolphin Sports Park. Where are you getting at 6.05? We'll be live at Cod's Sports Arena in Fort Loderdale. The voice of Dolphin's Rick Weaver will be with us along with Jeff Delinbach, and Rick Graff. We invite you to join us at Cod's and the Oron's at Telephones. Dolphin Sports Park. Beginning tonight at 6.05 live from Cod's Sports Arena in Fort Loderdale. Rick Graff and Jeff Delinbach are guests right here on Newstart, Radio 16WIOD. Rick Weaver here for your South Florida Shallow Island. He's stopping at any participating shell station and pick up your official Miami Dolphins. 32-ounce Super Squeeze Bibles. These funds please bibles her a shell for a super wall price, and registered a win shell super sports fan contest featuring weekly ticket giveaways to Dolphin and Caine's home games plus a chance to win a trip for two to Hawaii to be our guest at the ball game of your choice. No purchase necessary you must be 18 or older, and there is many times as you like. Complete details at participating shell stations for you to see the Miami Dolphin times. Go Dolphin. No that post game shows Toleta Clark tonight. So we got to get out of here. Maybe I forgot. Post game victory sports talk show. Back to soon as Jim Manage gets out of the show, we're going to have him in here in the studio live. Okay, let's go, boy, how about that? Same as yesterday, huh? You did get, I think, what do you do? Have a hang nail after that third play? But he was really doing it. Okay, one 24 a WIO deal, let's go to Boko. Hello, there's nobody here, I'm sure. No, I'm here. I'll be damned. How you doing? What a shot. I didn't see too much of the Emmys last night. Thank God. But I think she is one again, and maybe when he says 1983. In the last two decades, there's a question coming up here. Some good shows of one, Barney Miller, Taxi or Barney Miller. Taxi? Ah. Well, on the family. Yeah. Mary, tell them I'm mesh. Mary, tell them more. Well, listen, what's coming up though? In 69 and 67, just to show you how far we've come. Do you know what won the best comedy in those years? Two different shows, really in Baratmins. Partridge family? That type of quality, that's... Brady Bunch. Oh, re-enacres. Beverly Hillvilleies. Okay, and some monsters. In 69 gets marked. In 67, the monkeys. The monkeys. So, I think... Well, the monkeys was... It wasn't a funny show, but it was clever photography. A lot of gag... No, seriously. Like a video. Yeah. For the time, it was... For the time it was very revolutionary. That kind of a photography, probably gimmicks. You know, I know I'm supposed to last every time Tracy Almanckum, Ron television. But I just don't think she's very funny at all. Am I not? Something? You not. Right. I heard certain people that they just going gagga over the fact that she won, but I don't see what's there. You know, Neil. He's about as funny as that fat, what's Rosanne Bar. Well, I think Tracy Alman is supposed to be involved in a sort of rap... Yeah, she's about as funny as our city or home. Oh, and Francis. Really? I'll be in Francis. Exactly. That's exactly right. Well, Francis, the muro. You're right. Um, well, Francis, he's so here. You like the Ron, that's right. Hmm. Well, I was a Ron, that's... I know that they never had a number one song. I'll be damned. The inner of the crystal, when we had one number one song. Is this Mr. Trivia? Yes, it is. You know what the number one song? The crystals? Yeah. It wasn't to do Ron Ron. That was... It was... Um... Oh, is that other one? Give me a hint. Uh, how can I give you a hint? I think it was the whole thing away. It was 1961. It was. Well, here's the hint. No specter did not use the crystals. He used the group called the Blossoms because he had contract poems. One of the girls was darling love. But it was not the crystal. Well, we're not going to start with darling love again. Are we? Yes. You know, nobody cares about darling love. You ought to hang your head and sing a vibe with as much knowledge as you to be. How can a trunic about darling love? No, seriously. That was... Come on, you can do better than darling love. Even Paul and Paul would be better than darling to love. I'll give you a great group that nobody talks about anymore. Ever, and you'll never hear it on any station. Not about the number one. How about baby, I love you by the Ronettes? I think it was. Okay. How about the Marvelitz? Nobody talks about that. Please Mr. Postman. Yeah. What are my all-time favorite records? Beachwood 45789, which is our new call in number five. Or is it W1C song? Is it good guy you see? Mm-hmm. My baby must be a magician. No, I don't know that. Yeah. Yeah, remember that. Well, V, I mean, I know it, but not obscure. Yeah, marginal. Very marginal. Okay. Can I give you one more trivia question? Please. Okay. They're not darling love. No, no, no, this is different. Okay. There were two songs that had this muddy phrase and it do rang. No, I bet you can go round. Be so fine by the shifons. And what's the other? The other one was called the do-lang-lang, but I don't know how to handle it. Do-lang. Do you have a group called a velvet-lang? No. Okay. Do you miss the keeper of the key? Yes, I do. You're the one. And the one with... Well, he's in the same plantation bag with my bird, so we ever get him out. One last thing. Because over there, Komenos here with Bill Chester at QAM. John Madden says the club's are America's team. You want me to tell you, John Madden, and I don't want you to take this through on-way because I like summer all in Madden, but yesterday Madden was maddening. He never shut up for a second. He was like he was on a too many fruit loops or something for breakfast. He was like, I thought he had Denimberg disease. He just never shut up for a minute. He even, in fact, they showed a picture. Did you see they showed some picture from some old team and the guys didn't have the helmets. Did you see that? No. They showed a photograph. And he was circling and drawing exesonited and the stance that they were in, and look at this. And they're over here. And the guys got three points. Oh, man. He just carried away with himself, you know? Well, summer... To get onto him, so to speak. it's a real nice guy but I when I look at him and I look at some of the guys at the ABC Monday night's at I think the guy that's got the biggest shaft of the other than the chief Jackson because he all get out of here key Jackson is the most disgusting cornpone that accent that comes in goes and the odd you got sir you've been listening to too many Darley love records that can be Jackson is nausea and know you're wrong compared to anybody who that cornpone heavy and the accent just kind of comes and goes depending on how thick he wants to lay it on he's the biggest piece of a lot his face looks like porcupine if you stuck an apple and key Jackson's face somebody would eat him okay I'm telling you okay I'm gonna flip my wrist okay key Jackson well I wish we had that tape you remember at i&z we had that tape somebody doing the key Jackson rotation right oh that was that was so classic I wish we had a card give anything for a copy of that I enjoy key Jackson imitators like boy fire yeah oh I think it's really good oh that heavy duty accent that just doesn't stop for one minute and he just keeps getting worse and worse as the game goes on and all these cliches he disgusting he's another one of these like al-micles and the key Jackson and they used to have Jim Kelly was on CBS now he's been demoted to ESPN or something and Jim Simpson I think on NBC was the first of this core of people at news like a little bit about a whole bunch of sports but didn't really know much of anything about any of you don't know me just a little bit they proving that a little bit of knowledge can be dangerous and that's what he is he is signaled it's like Brent Mossberger gonna put him on CBS on a game of the week on baseball he doesn't even understand there would be like putting you on to do the baseball games all that would be fun exactly haha only Brent Mossberger isn't fun he's painful oh cheese they had him doing a college world series this past year and he called the last out he is voiced never changed in flexion it sounded like it was on WOLD no no no no no no no no no no no oh oh oh Brent go get a breathalizer test or something when yeah 1 31 at WOLD and the time to tell you one last time about Toyota of Hollywood if you missed out this weekend if you were just up to your elbows with the hurricanes and the dolphins and the cubs and the met's and whatever else and you just didn't get a chance to get in there you get your body in there now because they still do have a few 89's left at at ridiculous prices I keep looking at that 89' to sell and I have to think that they're on medication over there 896 for the sticker price with discount factory incentive and trade equity the price is a thousand 996 does they're almost gonna give it to you okay that's how desperate they are to clear out the remaining 89's because they want every stinkin one of them off the lot not that there's anything bad about them but they've got just hundreds and hundreds probably about 1500 to 2000 brand new 90's coming in virtually any day so you get over there browse around there'll never be any high pressure but they certainly will be brand new cars and used car prices plenty of them for you to choose from if you get into in the next few days at Toyota of Hollywood the Southeast's number one Toyota dealer you tell a new Rogers Center buy for the deal of a lifetime you'll find him at 1841 North State Road 7 that's 441 just out the share in the street in Hollywood yeah last week I bet 10 bucks on the lottery could win millions in our yeah and took 20 seconds to pick numbers wait until Saturday didn't win too bad red the card odds were 14 million to one against me that's good odds so this week I took my 10 bucks to highlight paid for the whole night made some bets walked out with 50 bucks more than when I walked in 50 bucks more yeah use my head went for better odds had a good night out I was a winner back many fans win every week at Miami Highlight go with the other good Miami Highlight or we back while we were just talking about I have a little dilemma and that is about the washing that new vet which desperately is needed by the way right as I speak here and I hate to say this because Spencer's a great guy but everybody is said to me don't do it don't do it don't let him remember that time I had those as a matter of fact it's a funny coincidence because we don't get too many of them down here but it's almost October may in October I will win the love bugs are in Florida and we out west where I am there are a few of you already so I've got a few like good on the front okay oh boy isn't that great look at the facts we got it says I hate to think it but you should keep your distance from VJ Polis he believes you are a horny old goat maybe he's been talking to jackfruit I think he's really just afraid to realize his true feelings after all what go with around come with him and I would have said this to him just because whatever you do don't tip off Jathan that the goat is a known satanic symbol that's another stray for another day good lord this is going to be better not thought yeah it's afternoon mm a horny old goat well he got part of that right anyway it's 134 a wio d-browered county hello oh yeah oh wait a minute I never finished my story about who I'm gonna let wash the vet but that's okay go ahead it's a hopeless story anyway but I hope I'm for lightning round the dilemma come on I'm in a mine warp yeah that's obvious kind of like all of our employers here at wio d what are you ever gonna do that again or is that definitely show forever no nothing is forever but when I feel like it okay when I feel that enough time is past that all of the birds cronics that he invented have disappeared then we might bring it back again oh give it a good you got to admit you got to admit it was getting ridiculous you get the bread of education for a week can you get bring it back for a couple times okay next week okay okay see a 135 a wio d and we haven't had the Johnny dark call on the bat line today mm feel very bad about that I feel like we're being shy and after always play as jingle all the time I did find the Phil Philips though and see a love boy that was great didn't find the beach boys you know but which causes me a certain amount of constant consternation but this is great but I can't believe how fast thank goodness for those these four hours went by today like lightning yes true like we might play lucrasty lightning strikes or we might play but I don't that's what Harry always a little subdued after the last couple of games but tonight it's a whole new ball game as Paul Kilgis goes to the mound how can that be for real are we are we really just having a little fun with the fans we want to make it a little closer and then and then goodness pitching tomorrow against the Wilson is that true or is that just a rumor well vial is capable of losing the night he's certainly very capable and of course once you get into that great multiple pen that's what I like I think we're gonna bring in a donasi in about the fifth inning date county hello well hello there yes sir what's going on it's the same old stuff yeah the old place but it counts just as bad as ever same old belching and the same old talking well we're looking forward to this afternoon Neil are you yeah you take care of him okay what do you mean by that well you put him in his place oh you should take care of my but he just got petrified when he heard that Neil has been well you know for this this guy you know is giving everybody lectures about what they should do he doesn't know how to get to first base much less to home play it okay and this guy's giving everybody advice Neil have you heard the new beach boy album no see that Neil I can't even find the old one Neil did they have a new album mal called steel cruising really it sounds excellent four five songs they are just excellent one is Brian Wilson himself all good you'll be able to recognize it sounds similar to the type of music just released on his most recent album which you probably thought was okay what do you mean what I thought was okay we played the hell out of it my audience revealed revolted they just hated it oh Neil is that's uh oh Neil what they said put your put you up a little bit sir the right Reverend Jason the virgin is going to get very upset about the people doing things like that I had a private consultation with him Neil not bad Neil trying to find it it's excellent you really enjoy it they're coming into town October 7 maybe you and the um minister could drop by october 7 now it's too close to suckers two two close to suckers for the minister to make an appearance yes sir Neil I love you show tell joy to tell her she's listening to you she really likes you too okay take care about boy boy one thirty eight in w i do you i have a little more birch beer since you're sitting there holding your forehead up and not eating at the moment which is a rare sight in the studio fabric is a taking a little breather in this funny he showed up just before how we are to show that what that amazing what a coincidence I always thought there was no such thing as a coincidence um I think I approached Broward deny I ran Broward well isn't that a lucky break for you I'm on mine five right you're online six oh but that's pretty close I thought I'd try listen to just the uh business Monday section today in a hurry the business Monday section in the here I wouldn't be about charred would it yes it would that we just talked about about a half an hour going return and they ought to get the white hot sin no we didn't see it okay and Lincoln died too didn't I better go down I got a lot of catching up the do I heard there's some more going on yeah some about the evaporator no I think it's prussia is what you can turn about okay so you're have a great light all right bye okay there's one of our listooses right up to date probably been watching Michel Gilland doing the news on NBC yeah well that birch beer is good stuff although I think if you drink enough sass brilla and birch beer you do go to hell don't you you die in hell watch it sass brilla oh yeah sass brilla and brilla that's what all I'm cowboy is used to drink white earth and wild bill hickock well I'll put it in for them and hop along Cassidy and Tom mix and gene-autree you drink enough sass brilla you can on a baseball team someday let's go to date county hello yeah how are you great I spy report for you okay always sleep late but this morning I had to go to the doctor and I get up it's a paper it's about seven o'clock in the morning and down the street I see this druger obviously on steroids of the anchors tattoos and all jogging with oh sure not no he's probably a Steve keenless nerd yeah but I get closer and take a look and it was an ambitious yeah unbelievable well she's been under a lot of pressure lately you know now that their rather rumor is hambreak is going on to bring it in that new anchor a channel four and that sucks it give it a very good a channel four has no idea what they're doing I take back everything good I mean I still still have some friends over there but boy boy that dick low boson he's coming they blew up brosmer and other planning on blowing out hambreaks or everybody claims and I guess what they're going to do is take all the good people off and just leave the mung behind maybe they can have on a squeak do the whole hour and a half fire self but don't worry you have the right okay I've got them pirates kneel they're tough aren't they they're good right now that it now that it's a drape back is good look as soon as that game started I knew we were history okay yeah it's good unless unless bolecky pitched a perfect game and we got some miracle break I knew the game was over we can't beat him at all and you know and you know who else the cubs can't beat is that fat rick rush all of the giants so we got some problems there in a play unless we can injure him or something I'm actually win the playoff well I hope they split the 12 with a giant string of regular season so good luck to us I'm the first time call or I won't be a chronic but on my way out all I have to say is wounded it is a fumble okay there's Keith Jackson Jr 141 wio d we have a special call on the bat line uh Johnny dark I bet yeah I'm paying for this call well that's only the second thing he's paid for in the team one I was out buying chlorine and I heard he requested a call yeah you should be out buying chlorine rush out your mouth I have to have to get rid of the mung in my pool you know hey listen I heard the call earlier from Jerry of Jerry and Lisa fame who what calls oh yeah oh yes you know the mother daughter do oh sure yeah yeah I just want to say that she's wonderful too I didn't know that you were hanging out with them I didn't see that I wouldn't call it hanging out I did that we spoke to her pull this yet a lovely daughter and um are leaning pam were there they were very nice well am I glad he called in huh hey listen I've been hearing some public bashing today I've heard a bird bashing but public bashing on this show yeah by the way John I am I got my new phone book over the weekend you know you have the new phone books and I looked up a IODs listing and it had like business line talk line newsroom and then it had hotline is listed right there in the phone book you're kidding hey here you and here where he says how can I talk that up it's a bad that's why I played it's here with Kilsom time so what we supposed to ask him what year was something mr. trivia seal of was that the seal of was the crystals what was there not only number one record he's a rebel here we go okay thanks right mine look you don't want to talk to many more do you got we got just when we go back to your chlorine John did exactly 143 a WIOD Brower hello date county hello yeah what are you doing it's in the phone do you want to speak to us you do we want to have to give you a whole preliminary it's screenless don't you know what that mean yes I was I was this an earlier and you weren't doing that yes I have been the whole show I heard like early in the show first couple calls and now I don't think so did you answer any call you did not make an announcement he said like one you didn't make an announcement you're making an opportunity to be trailer no I've only said it about 700 times but your hearing aid is going out at 10 30 you didn't say that in the morning okay whatever you said I'm asking you are my missing something over here what is that what do you think we don't care about all those hot shots with their advertising agencies everybody in this town has got an advertising agency go ahead are you going to go to the company the cups will do you get in the suit if you get in the playoff I'm going to be there I'll do the whole show from up there I have a copy they can wait right I'll probably Steve still wants to get you some tickets now now I'm the wait life to take it I'm going to go up there when they do go on so great not some desperate I want to see that well listen we're starting Paul Kilgis tonight so I wouldn't get too over anxious if I were either so 13 games to go and at least Zimmer has got a great sense of humor I'll give that to him okay so don't don't don't don't just keep the choke and the cup they know the cups are well thank God for that okay grab that call now that could be a matter of just you could have won twenty tickets on the last of your show to the cup game friend of mine had a call from Bob Lassard over the weekend my friend nearly slid his wrist he was so depressed by the time he got through with a call no Mr. Depression see it wasn't him but I'm not even even that I'm not going to let go on here I just can't handle it one forty five at WIOD let's see what do we have tonight after sports talk we have the dolphin gloting addition tonight with Rick and Joe and we're going to and Jim is just going to he's even got to come out of the shower I'd lock you room to be on that show special and then we have the ranks in the brewers at 735 one of the final Yankee games it's winding down before two weeks from today in the debut of the Dick Blame Kane for this feral show on WIOD hey don't I have nothing to do with it okay I'm sure he's going to be really something else I can't say what he'll be something else all right but federal law in the senator ain't no way wouldn't like his to say it on the air but hey they asked me I said look please and I said okay that's since you said no they don't pay any a ten no matter what I say they do the opposite they're kind of like you they didn't they don't ask but I just said to them that conservatives in this town don't make it you know that conservative talk hosts have never made it never have made it okay he anytime the only one who made it was Alan Courtney and that's because his audience was too old and know what his philosophy was responsible conservative yeah you want to hear a responsible conservative folks I'll even find the cart to show you how responsible is guy remember he called us the other day and I thought he would be at least a little bit civilized and have some kind of common sense oh now this this guy at the jano he had a point five in the line that was his only book yet a point five so it has to get better can't get any worse the man has no talent no audience makes no sense and that's why we want him here at wild but I'm going to be very supportive okay because you know my audience no matter what I say they listen to me okay you have a lot of influence I have no I can't even get him to call you could break this man's career before he even started please it gives that true let's give it a shot tomorrow let me why I want to say he chance and I thought that that were true I do four hours tomorrow on the show with with Jason that you're not going to be mean to him right I'm going to be honest okay if he can't deal with it and he walks out that's his tough luck okay he would never wore well good that's very good see and that he brings balls right of me a ballsy guy right he's got can we or it is break water he's got bubble my season is corner okay if he starts quoting from the scripture that's going to end on the west come I'm going to ask him not oh he can try but I have plenty all address that right in the beginning okay if he wants to start quoting all these knee endothels from five thousand years ago who thought every time it rained it was an act of god more power to me you want to have that I was going to discourage him from coming into the end of the day when he was okay this should be interested but you don't mean because he's a nice guy so he's not a nice guy he's a nice guy like Mussolini was a nice guy he's not a train to run on time just misguided yeah right he's always right is that well I hate full he's a right wing hate full so is what he is okay a right wing so and of course a sound no I didn't say put so is a female oh no I thought you said that before though I think he's kind of like a morphist this guy and he didn't think he knows what he is it's not true and I don't want to well I don't want to find out well I don't mean in that way one forty eight a w i do let's take our last break Marvin because the uh air is starting to get real thick in here will be right back the story you're about to hear is true the prices have been lowered for your savings this is the city homestead florida land of many out of dealers my name is Zabob general manager Lenny Zabob I carry Dodge spitzer Dodge he's my partner the announcer it's another busy selling week I was in my office when the delivery came in new data news new Dodge data news with AMFM cassette stereo ACPS PD as that air conditioning power steering car brace SBRs right steel belt evradios and more we also received a load of loaded on these all price to sell even rebates up again cashback up to two thousand dollars even 0% financing on select models plus seven seventy fire protection new Dodge Daytona's Dodge on the frame fans and more old mayors 50 Dodge 3011 self-dixie highway homestead my name is Zabob general manager Lenny Zabob I carry Dodge spitzer Dodge it's timeout to invite you to the greatest Monday night football party ever so listen up for the game plan the party is at charcals every Monday night through the end of the season the excitement begins at APM with the free football clinic hosted by various dolphin players kickoff is at nine and don't miss charcals special half-time lingerie show will be free t-shirt to the ways free NFL schedules dollar drafts 50s and hot dogs and New York strips for only 95 in the barn and make sure to ask how you can become eligible to win charcals cruise price you'll have plenty of you with the 12 foot wide big screen TV and a number of TV monitors throughout the lounge the party continues long after the final gun there's always a party at charcals so come join the charcals team for the Monday night football party at any of charcals convenient locations charcals in the Kendall town in country mall in the Miami Lake area and in the peppercreed plaza at 441 in sample road for information in date call free six to six to sixty in Broward 9 7 16 16 charcals remind you to know and to stay when you're going to be okay one fifty one a w i o d he's an ojo on provocateur i just thought we'd play that a few times between on the other the show he's an ojo on provocateur i like it every time just to bring back memories of all those people that were calling on a Friday when Steve had that contrived debate with little miss militant there and uh and like i said a play gun both of those people all o dick fatherly is um i don't know about it i'm not sure i don't know i really don't know what i don't i can't tell you he comes out like mister like he's got a sense of humor and mister showbees and all of that but i'm not really so sure any of these people at um send away to Arizona for all that right wing literature all the time in a california you know at the orange county date county hello hi hi hi hi I'm hi I have a fire report on Jamie week Curtis for a while oh she was on last night i saw her oh no this i read in the magazine over the weekend uh huh on in red book and it says she's been married for five years right what uh huh to what that she is married i don't know i think she's married to a fig tree i don't know it seems that he's she spotted him and uh i guess in the rolling stone or something and said well that's the guy i'm gonna marry and that's what happened i don't know who he is anyway they have a two and a half-year-old daughter right wow that's true but she's adopted oh and this um magazine article said that she would won't stay right you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but anyway i thought she look a good yeah she was on last night who was on with her i don't remember but i'm sure she had a flooring thruss boy she looked uh talk about anorexic she looked like she's doing the caring carpenter syndrome all over again she did bad the story says she had a lot of problems you know being Tony Curtis well you know it's funny it last night now somebody had mentioned that a long time ago and i'd forgotten it and then last night when i was looking at her it it read just funny you should mention that now it rang up in my mind that she was Tony Curtis's daughter right and then i thought to myself well that answers all the questions because i've heard i mean i can't repeat them on the air but i've heard stories about Tony Curtis that would make you just uh do summer salt you would just go nuts well that this story really is a really bizarre guy yeah the story kind of wanted uh you know very lightly and lightly that's how much of problems he had had but yeah and their relationship which wasn't the greatest um um but anyway in fact when he played that role in the Boston Strangler remember that that was the most normal role that i think was her play uh but he was so good in who do you need was he yeah okay all righty whatever you say okay see you later yeah i had forgotten that she was Tony Curtis's daughter so it goes to show you that there are more than seven wonders of the world Howard County hello yeah just a couple things um sorry to hear the Hank was some money of the Dalvin's uh yesterday did he oh yeah we had the same book Hank if you're listening oh yeah yeah you're driving this that fun it is it is it is he was like hard for his money he was like he rose in drum you know well anyway i maybe he can went back by putting money on violets and i because i don't think you know kill because he's got a chance really i don't think a last pass if they're anything hey if he gets by the first thing i'll be delirious but viola you know is a little shell shocked you know what i mean well he is the metal score runs for him they don't score lately they don't score runs for anybody they scored one run in the last two games in Montreal well you know lengths into good picture well yeah but how come he lost like his last four decisions i think all he did picture good game i saw a lot of it no they did well you did you read that lengths and might sign with a cup next year no i didn't read it all well i'm just telling you yeah he gave like five or six cities that he's willing to assign with why i don't i don't think he's gonna stay in Montreal i think they're gonna ruin the day they gave up all that money for him because you know he's what is he a lept 12 and seven now i think not that great you know 12 and seven isn't the setting the world on fire well i mean they don't score runs for him either if you look at what not true that's true but then viola's what two and five yeah yeah well bojack and it'll be a yaki next year that's some insight information no i think it's going to be Keith Jackson not our bojack keep Jackson is a sign for forty million dollars or ten years okay well that George boys got a sense of humor doesn't he well you don't think got bojack is worth it forty million no but ten years no that's four million a year yeah but by the time he gets into the six or seven years of his kind i let it they can get wedges they can get wedges Jackson back a lot cheaper all he has a dealership jacks dealership is going out of tubes and ten years in fact i think it would be great no he's starting to run with his sense of humor he could get an all jackson team he could get Michael jackson wedges jackson may hailia jackson he could get an all jackson team would be fanciful jackson you know the pitches yeah i know well i know the one that catches the most and have a great day and a good life okay okay i was really worked up to a frenzy wasn't it because viola's gonna pitch that i don't don't get over enthusiastic sir you met fan should learn that a long time ago don't get carried away i keep hearing oh this is the time they're going to do the big surges coming the big surges coming it's just uh it never happened and it isn't going to come it's like hurricane Hugo all these news people got everybody worked up into a ladder into a cold sweat they're got everybody going nuts go out and tape up the windows and get those batteries and it's just going to work like what blow blow some of the condos down problem sure it is now that would be terrible wouldn't it it like if it wiped out the beach yeah all the condos it would be well we got a chance to a big comeback so i'm gonna get out with Reverend Polos and we're gonna pray for Hugo this afternoon we don't want anybody to get hurt just the buildings right it's kind of like a neutron bomb in reverse wasn't a neutron bomb the one that killed the people left the building standing right yes well with this is hurricane Hugo is the opposite it's gonna not kill the people just not call the buildings down and of course if anybody has to go to the hurricane shelter i hope we can repeat the sites we saw during hurricane David when all the people were going you might somada don't you have any salami and swiss on why and at the base you can do that they thought they were going to a country club or something instead of a civil defenge on remember that before they expansion up a storm in those cd shelters man how come you don't have some feather blankets and pillows i don't lumbar lurgic to this to the wall young man young man anyway let's take a call in braward county hello yeah how you doing okay i go ahead hi hi hi my time to tell you guys i saw see a love this weekend really how was it yeah and it was great was it yeah all the you know it's good to see an alpoutine on the screen again and uh movie had it was it was real spent fall and about a sex and oh boy don't let the Reverend virgin here they're going look for it to heal and you're just asking in you oh yeah i'm just warming up for that yeah haven't heard you like that in a long time i got my s pellagrino Italian bottle of water here in boy i'm going to sprinkle a little bit of that on him he'll go nuts already huh you bet i saw um i got to see you at the bizarre aha and i got a t-shirt while it was bizarre wasn't it with pretty bizarre and we had a good time even though the bird shine this week i know i was really comfortable to meet and Glenn but oh well next time yeah they're always an extra right right we have a sales department there's always an extra right okay listen have a wonderful line okay you didn't even find a that you didn't see grandma there's house huh oh yeah what so i'm serious grandma there's house it's an aim of a movie and if you get a chance it's a but really bizarre okay okay great okay bye well listen that's going to take care of this part of the show my part of this show yeah wow Reverend Paul is so be in any minute here and Steve will be a long dude monitor and um moderate whatever else it is that he's going to do so for a round and the separate also we're going to have a great day i got my bottled water out here and then of course we have a sports talk little celebration there after our game after our thing and then the Yankees in Milwaukee it's 730 tonight