Anyway, Governor Self-Accordingly, it's 10.05 at WIOD on a wonderful Tuesday. We have one of our rare guests in the studio. It's busy making a lot of noise with a microphone. No, that's just the way they are. Don't ask me why. It's just that they're like balanced. There's a post-war engineers who are mostly unbalanced. Anyway, Tom Jick is here. Tom is the radio and TV editor for the 4-Lotterdale News and Sun Sentinel. And before we get started with Tom, just as an adendum to our discussion yesterday that carried over all the weight of 6 o'clock on Steve Kain show with a Norman Kent. There are two articles that I see, one in the Broward edition of the Haraldis Morning and one in the Sun Sentinel by Buddy Nevens. And all I can say to you folks at the Hollywood Police Department is you really think you're fooling people, but you're not okay. David's steel spokesman for the Hollywood Police Department says that the sworn after David filed by the manager, they theater that we talked about yesterday. Says we find the allegations to be completely false. The article in the Harald quotes the Hollywood spokesman saying, We have no idea what they're talking about, et cetera. I'd like you to recall any situation in South Florida over the last 20 years when a police department has admitted wrongdoing on a part of any individuals. Even when there are shootings no matter what kind of situation it might be, the beginning is always this defensive posture, this immediate cover up. Because that's basically the way it goes, whether it's police, whether it's doctors or lawyers, let's cover up, let's take some sand and shovel it over the top and bury it as best we can and pretend that there's nothing going on. And people who are heard, Norm Kent read this foreign affidavid yesterday, no damn well that nobody in his right mind could possibly conjure up such an incredible story. In addition to which attached to the copies of the affidavid is a copy of the, as a picture of the business card of the officer who made the alleged bribe. Okay. Now why in the world does an officer of a vice squad give his business card to somebody he's just arrested. Unless of course he wants to give him his phone number and deeper number, et cetera. And the try to set somebody up which in this case happened to be me. So you may think you're fooling somebody over there at the Hollywood Police Department, I had a call from a lady before I came on the air this morning with her own horror story as to the behavior of the Hollywood Police Department. And it's legendary and quite frankly based on some of the material that Norm Kent showed me yesterday. So like I said, you may think you're fooling people, you may think you can cover it up for the time being, but just govern yourselves accordingly as the best of luck. Also a lot of smoke for the Vino fire isn't it? Yeah. Well, a lot of smoke. But you just knew that they would never fester this or you know, make any accusations against one of their own. Yeah, it would be a brown county was it? I mean, it's a turning also now. It says the Brown State attorney's office was sent a copy to review, but chief assistant Ralph Ray said the affidavid doesn't appear to be a legendary crime in the part of the police officer. Ray, however, said he hadn't talked yet with the attorney Norman Kent. Mr. Ray, if you're listening and I doubt that you are, but somebody in the Brown State attorney's office probably is or get back to him. If it is legal in this state for police officers to bribe people and to offer them special treatment in order to set up crimes where there wouldn't have been any. This isn't just giving somebody money for a tip. This is trying to set somebody up, try to create a fictitious crime where there wasn't any. And if that's legal, then we don't live in a democracy. We live in a totally fascist state. Okay. Yeah, the next step from there is just to arrest you when no crime we are committed and make it very illegal. So I was which certainly wouldn't be the first time out of I have denied it. And that thing's been done. Well, this is probably atmosphere. It's been created. Well, we want to talk mostly about radio and TV is usual, but I know that you have been the target of this switch hunt. And again, it's a legitimate news story because there have been got only knows how many articles about it now the past three or four weeks. And you had a real interesting. Now it's 20 months for me. You had one week. Yeah, I was hell week. I guess back in October. I was at October. I did the show with you the one show and you know, it's the old story. If you're not my ally or my enemy. Because I was I perceived this relationship that we have this friendship. Well, I don't think we do have a friendship. I became the target of this and it got really ugly. I mean, even to the extent of the, when we look like that, I was going to be out of work when the Miami news was folding and then you announced on the air that I got in a new job. So, steps were taken to try and show a circuit that job. I mean, I would have been out in the street. No way to support my family. And best I know the only crime I committed was not falling in line on this switch hunt. But the letters were sent and really ugly letters. Trying to get me to lose the only job off right at the time. I would have had no way of buying myself in my family. And what did I do? The only thing I know is that I, like I say, we have a friendship and I didn't fall in line on this, which hunt. Well, what did the letters say? Well, they, they alleged all kinds of things and suggested that I was to power a phrase on professional, reckless, irresponsible. I think my reputation is even better. You mean, before you're coming here today, when you stopped in briefly last week and I mentioned, you know, we invited you come on here today as a guest within one day. There were letters from this individual and coral geobals to the Sun Sentinel making all sorts of threats and the Sun. I don't know if they would threats, but it was again, it was the usual in you and I wouldn't want to say what's it. Because you're company you're going to be online for what Tom Jickers says next Tuesday to me, those are threats. Yeah, and well, that's standard procedure. That's happened every now and during the course of this thing. Just about every time I've appeared on the year, it's been preceded by a letter to both me and my immediate superior. This case, I didn't get the letter. I don't know why I didn't get it this time. I have a suspicion why, but I can't get into that. And I didn't get it. But letters have gone out to my superiors just about in advance and then after every appearance I've made. And then all sorts of other things that letters written to people encouraging to sue me for, for innocent, satiric remarks that were made in the spirit of fun on the program. But they were taken out of context and sent to these people encouraging them to file lawsuit, defamation lawsuits against me. And the suits according to the attorney, I spoke to it. The news just had no basis. It always said, but they could force me. They could force me to force you to defend myself. And this is the way the law is a team plan of this abuse of the legal system is to continue encouraging or starting litigation. And forcing other people to have to use their life savings to defend themselves against species litigation. This is one of the real forces and injustices of our legal system is that somebody who has a knowledge of and working of the legal system can do that. And it's strictly abuse. And again, how long it's going to take the Florida bar to determine that they're going to put a stop to it remains to be seen. You know, I would hope it wouldn't be too long. I had to let the last 10 minutes on Mike show. I heard there was an ad from the Florida bar on the station, which means that I guess they're going to get a letter from one to everyone else who have a size of 100, that would themselves. Yeah, I mean, everyone else who have a size of 100, that would themselves agree. And that's the difference in this individual. So I suppose that the Florida bar is going to get one next and that might be interesting. You might, you know, he might even ate in his own paper trail. I don't know. Let me do a little break. 1013 at W.A.B. What was that? What did he say? That was it. Yeah, I thought he was going to say something coherent. Well, I guess it kind of fits in with the weekend. So thanks so much. Anyway, Tom Jick is here. And the interesting story. I don't know if you saw it. If I can find it that Roger left for me about a work downed junior. And what he did there. Have some of the sponsors are bailing out. Well, I know he's not a language on the show. Well, yeah, and he's not in his ratings of starting to slip. And he's not on the best of terms with the station here because he tomorrow has stiffed him. He was supposed to come down here for an appearance. He kept revising the schedule and they had gone to a lot of expense to set the thing up. And let me just read the thing from you. P.I.S. is an advertising backlash has forced Morton Downey Jr to tone down his language on the air. He says in the LA Times that he and Haralda were very on what he calls the hit list of about 80 advertisers who refused to place commercials on their talk shows. Downey claims his producers are civilizing him and that his language is not completely controlled. But he says he won't get his water down his full donahue. The ABC in Los Angeles is dropping down his show. Huh, that sounds familiar, isn't it? That whole scenario? Yeah. Well, yeah, but I mean the question is just how far can you go? Well, that's the other interesting thing about this whole witch hunt thing is that it seems fairly obvious that it's personal, because there are things far more risky and rungier or worse. We're good at dial. Yeah, I'm kind of fair. I just put everything else to shame when it comes to that. Yeah, I so I don't, you know, it's obvious that what's going on with this program has little basis to do with cleaning up the airways and it's seen. No, because even after we sanitize it and take all the material off that allegedly was objectionable to this one individual, which to me is insane. I just don't know anybody in their right mind with any conscience at all. Just kind of bends in yields to one person in an area of form of people. But even when you do it, there are new things. The Westminster dog show or whether it's the governor of Georgia or whatever it is or whatever it's come. Jika and the Sun Sentinel, whether it's buddy Nevin's, there are just new boogeymen that come along every day to continue the witch hunt. It just never ever stops. Never even slows down. Well, you know, that you talk about that expression, get a life. You know, some people have strange choices of what they want to do with their life. But the nice facts from John Patrick Slater at WTMI this morning, which I think is the first piece of support of correspondence we've had for anybody in the business that I can remember. I mean, we've had some phone calls from Cox and Sunny Fox and Tanner and so on. But this is the first letter that I can recall nice letter from. Well, it's an interesting entire industry to fall in line. I think behind you, this goes back to a conversation I had with Steve Kane the week before you were here. And you know, at the time Steve had a different relationship and I said, Steve, I'm warning you. You're going to see you're going to be at the next target. Ah, no, no, you got it all wrong. I said, Steve, believe me, you'll be the next target. We both know since then, Steve, it comes to me and said, you were right. And, you know, I, I, to take things to absurd lengths. I assume that if somehow, you know, the one of the president comes to town, he takes his picture with just about everybody. You know, the, the kind of rush up to him. I think if you had your picture taken with the president, there might be sheets of letter going to the White House every day. You know, Republican National Party. I mean, that seems to be the power. Well, the letters that were sent to the Secret Service, back during the presidential campaign about my comments about our illustrious vice president now. And I made some joke that everybody in broadcasting made the same illusions about quail hunting season. Yeah. Letterman used it, Carson used it on national television. Yeah. When I used it on a local radio here in Miami, letter was sent by this individual to the Secret Service, suggesting that I was encouraging attacks on the vice presidential candidate's life, etc. And so on, which they discarded. But I mean, this, this should give the audience a real good idea of just how deep and bizarre this whole thing is. Well, I mean, there are just no, no bounds to it. It's just totally out of control. Well, right now, just from what I know, you're about the most investigated person on radio. And you're given an absolutely clean bill of health by every Asian. I mean, you know, the state is investigated. The FBI is investigated. The FCC is investigated. I mean, I'm just doing this off top of my head. I'm not missemering. It seems to me that or everyone who's launched an investigation into this program, what was the phrase in that letter that this individual perceives crimes where others don't, or something without a fact? Yeah. So, you know, we're talking about an army of one. Yeah. But it's amazing. And it just shows you how one individual armed with the law can can twist and then do it. And then do things like this and and do a lot of the things that he claims that you do to him. I mean, he's things about harassment and threats. I mean, look at the atmosphere. This thing with the Hollywood police force. You can't convince me that this isn't part of that the poison that must be against you didn't have at least a year old. Oh, come on. Look at the language in this affidavit that we talked about yesterday, where the detective allegedly said, Neil is probably there to pick up some young boys. Now, that's not something that you're not at the trolling for young. Well, first of all, there are already young boys. That was the thing that struck me. You have to be 18 years old to go in. Right. And nonetheless, like you say, this is the poison that misbear that's been created. And of course, you know, it expanded the city hall and the, which was an embarrassing episode for them again. They don't want to admit it in the face up to. But was another tragic embarrassment for them again? Well, they just don't understand that. The harassment for the university and that in that rag, the hurricane, which fortunately, you know, to teach kids is something about journalism and other horrendous embarrassment to the point where the president of the university says all the allegations in that last article are untrue and they all came from the lips of that individual again. Well, and that, and that's what's happening. Everyone who seems to to align themselves with this person for at least even a brief period winds up with egg and their face. And so I think what's going to happen is that the circle is going to start to close that people are going to start keeping their distance because they don't want to wind up being embarrassed to humiliate. Well, you had a week and I never forget you were really, um, oh, I was really like, kind of during that day. And it was not because of anything I did. It was because of the lack of backing that I got at the Miami News, which was just scared to death because they were going out of business and they wanted to break clean like the lawyer. The gotten vile said at the meantime, you didn't do anything at all wrong. But you know, what do we need this activation for? We're going out of business. This could cost 75 to $100,000 before you'd be cleared. And you would be absolutely clear. It was just a stupid innocent, it was a satiric remark, which, you know, he said it's almost impossible. The game plan is to create enough problem and enough little gauge. Exactly. Cost your employers so much money and so much grief that no matter how talented you are, how much of an asset you are eventually, they just say, hey, nobody is worth this much grief. They come to you and they say, well, listen, we're sorry for this and everything else, but good luck and goodbye. Exactly. That's the ultimate goal. And it ended the minute that you announced on the air, I was going to fought a lot of day, I'll boom, the letters went up there. I mean, what, this is a Christian? Pretty sad. Okay. Let me do another break and I will talk about the radio and TV. It's 22 minutes we have the trans by the way. We've got every number that's ever been invented from Friday. If you can digest this like the phone. But there, yeah, it is. Anyway, 26 past 10 at WIOD and you got all the trends there in front of you. Exactly. Ince like analization of all these numbers from the arbitrends, like looking through the phone book, you know, trying to come up with a number of opening a page and putting it to it. Well, let me just give you the big story in the book is how 105. Make no mistake. So they were less pages though. But now they went through the roof. They got, I think, a seventh free or something. Yeah. And Keith Eisley's going to great job over there. What is, what is, what is colored book? That's what it does. He's going to be a hot new watch. All the PDs in a market are going to go out and order crayons and colored pens because that seems to work. He knows what he's doing. He did a great job at I-95. And they didn't get along with GANET, which I can certainly relate to because there are a bunch of douchebags. And, you know, they let him walk. Just like they let him walk. You know, I mentioned that the last time I did a rating story that, you know, you could just trace the people that they've let walk away from there. They made your step. He finally us. You know, all we did was number one and men with an 8-8. And I think we were number two over all. And when you were the five, if you were a station of Vita's was life, which is elevator music, and nobody even counts. Well, they've got it where they want it down there and the ones that I don't think. That's Zeta, one-six. And I don't know what they're talking about. They're thrilled. Oh, they're just, oh come on. They're not, you keep saying that they're not thrilled. They're going to be suicidal over there. Don't say that they're thrilled. Well, a one-six. I mean, there's just no story there at all. All across the board. I got like one-six, one-six, one-seven. Gonser, I think, did a one-five because he always has to be a little below everybody else. But, you know, that's it. There's no story there at all. What's so ever? Well, there's no audience there. No, they lost those young demographics where we were in one category. I think it was the 18 to 34 men. 18 to 34. We were number one. Yeah. Two months, they've dropped in number 19. They've dropped from an 11 something to a 28. Yeah, I mean, now it takes special talent to be able to do that. Yeah, one-six, there it is. It's tied for 22nd and I'm put it all there in front of you. Like a third wave, yeah. I mean, people don't think we're hallucinating or exaggerating. One-six is, it's almost off the, I mean, you know, KAT used to it. Yeah, it's pretty embarrassing. I was just, especially that was only, about three months ago, was up in the forest. And GTR went back up through the roof again. They went from a two-way back to a three-nine. They got rid of that one-flook month. You know, the, you know, the, the, the- Well, it's where the books go. Yeah, where the diary's gone. You get a bad month. They under sampled young men in the world. I think it was just one month. The next result, they got a real screwing. But then, you know, it comes, well, you can almost tell it. If you see big ratings for the light and stations, then, you know, that Miami was probably over sampled. Yeah. Because there certainly is a market for the light and stations. But if all of a sudden they had just have an eight-step or go, John, we just have a separate ethnic book. Why are you guys in a meet-up? Why are they all going to do that? Now, I'm just, just cut this out and have the, the black stations and the Spanish stations have them in a separate ethnic book. And well, I disagree with that. I don't think the black stations should be separate because they're, they're broadcasting in the same language. I mean, I could see a white-headed ethnic market. People that want to, people that want to attract the black market are going to buy WEDR. They don't, they're nuts. Because I mean, that's where most of the black audience is. Oh, yeah. But rock and roll started on black stations. And there are white people that listen to black stations. And you could conceive of a white person listening to a black station. You can't conceive of an angle or listening to Cuba. Yeah. I mean, they just, you know, you can't accept it. But they don't know what's going on. Even if they were listening to your commercial, they would have no idea what you were saying. So I, I see, yeah, that, that to me is a separate area. They're against it because they, they want to compete for the same national advertising to be a company's the car companies. That's why they don't want it segregated. But no, I agree with you entirely. I think they should have their own book. They're doing a different thing than what you are doing. You're not competing for the same audience. But you don't national advertisers if they want to buy ethnic. Don't they don't they have a separate buy for them? Well, I think they look. Well, they probably don't. They want to buy the Hispanic audience. They're not going to take some dollars that they would put an IOD or GTR. Somebody like that and put it over on QBA. And a separate dollars. And I think that buy is probably. Look at the book and go, okay, who's the number one Spanish station? Who's the number one Spanish radio, music station? Who's the number one? Because if you're going to just Spanish, particularly Spanish, talk to the demographics for that, I just, you know, ancient, I'm, you know, at least the ones that are going all day long about taking the island back. I mean, who's listening? 65, 70-year-old people? Although QBA, I see went up quite a bit in this book. Radio Mombie for whatever reason with that big signal, they started with a big number and they dropped way down. They're doing a three-year-old thing. Well, you just have to wonder even among Latin's, how long you're going to sit listening to the same thing day after day after day after day. I'm just calling you, you still, you gave a cash drawing and blah, blah, blah. I still all do it. Everybody's dying. All do very well. But, you know, that's the fallacy that we keep hearing about the assimilation that's going on and about the fact that the Spanish language station is just not going to continue doing so well. And most of them are doing pretty darn well. Well, some of the categories there and you'll see the first three stations will be Spanish language stations. Well, it's only my feeling I can't prove it, but I think that the same fact that it works against your works for them, that I think that there's a certain pressure within the Latin community to put down that they're listening to Latin stations even though they're not. The same as there are people who would never admit listening to this radio program, even though they are. It's amazing you go out in the community and people you would never think of listening to this program. And, you know, I go somewhere and I go, hey, when you're going to be on Neil again, I heard you the other day on Neil. Did you hear what Neil did the other day? And it's just not the type of people. I mean, you think of people that you'd have to have a little bit of time. People that you know are working during the day, Dr. Zloj is Dentist Bank is, you know, how do they have this program on? Well, apparently they do because they're aware of what's going on. But, yeah, I don't think that's always reflected in the book for whatever reasons. Like, I know just take an absolutely absurd example. Suppose a book wound up in the hands of your friend. Do you think that he would fill in that he listened to this program? No, shut. But yet, we know that he's the most... Well, I mean, he's born again Christian. Well, that's possibly true. That is, that's possibly true. Yes, that would be a real bonanza there because that would be four hours every day. Well, actually we should get eight hours. The floor hours listening and then the floor hour, we'll probably back when the transcribing is now. Yeah, we should get credit for people who play it back and listen a second time. You're right. Come on, like a very nice one. You get everything twice. Yeah. Ah. When he's able to do it in four and a half hours. Yeah. Anyway, we had Craig Worthing on here a few days ago, and of course, I just wanted that stuff. Yeah, I wonder if you found out any of the real story behind that at all. I think it was more an excuse than a... Well, they have Sally Jesse sitting there now, right? Sally Jesse's on live, so now if they start... If all these rumours, which they claim are not true, they swear and not true that they're going to get away from live talking, go to syndicated talk. Well, there's the first block right in place. They have Sally Jesse, and they've established a relationship. There's a whole line of a program that actually information provides, right? And then you get Michael Jackson out of LA, you know, and his brothers and his sister, Latoya, and his snake and a whole bit. They could get them all on there. So that would certainly be the first block in the progression. Now, they claim that they're committed. They say they're signing their people to new contracts. The people I've talked to, they say that they've gotten contracts. Although I've lost some of my lines. Strange thing happened, by the way. I don't know that I'm persona non-grad or any more in Sandy's show, but let me tell you something. Let me tell you something that happened. I was scheduled to be on about two weeks ago on a Friday, two weeks ago with Sandy. No, I was on with Hannah. I was Steve Satsuki. They called me a long time ago, set the program up. I said, sure, you know, I'll do it. And I got a call about a week before the program from the producer. And she said, Tom, I can't swim in the program. And I said, oh, this is any reason. She said, no, we're just not doing it. So I said, oh, okay, fine. If you need me call me. She said, okay, goodbye. And that day, I found the program on in Steve Satsuki. We were supposed to do the programs together. So what goes around? I guess maybe, I don't know that I've done anything to annoy them or get in their bad graces, but it sure seems like it come on this show. But it'll be a long time before they call me the next time. Because one of the things that I've done and you know, when you produce a, when I give a commitment to come somewhere, I do it even if it winds up, you know, tremendous inconvenience to myself. And this certainly allowed the program to station anywhere they want, but you call me up on 48 hours notice and you can't so, well, then, you know, I'm going to go with myself accordingly. Well, it's kind of like what happened to you here before I came over here for a while when you were like, well, I was doing Michael Anthony's time. Yeah. You know, it was more or less. Picture of me with a, with a bright Sunday. Tent 34WIOD Tom Jick is with us today. If you haven't eaten at the melting table, 1039 in WIOD Tom Jick is here. Tom is the radio and TV writer for the Florida, the Florida, Florida, Florida, not in a sense. While I was in it's branching up before you know, what's wrong? No, I had this other facts that I forgot about from Foxy 1040. I don't even know what Foxy is. It shows, yeah, where the, well, I know of that. And I know of that. And I know it says, serving Palm Beach Broward in day with 10,000 watts on Delray Beach. Delray. And just to know from Gary Lewis, it's at Foxy 1040. So, thanks for including Foxy 1040 in your rating. They're listening. They're really a Palm Beach County station, but there's a thing there in the bottom. It's got the listing of all the top 37 stations. And amazingly, the motivation station didn't make the cut. Well, I read it. I mean, they claim that they're teaching people to be motivated. And they can't motivate anybody to listen to their radio station. Well, they get so motivated. They have no time for the radio. They're all out there listening to Roll Knight and Gail are doing something. But, you know, the thing about talking about their ratings, and I do it in a very biting way, because there are a lot of people in the market, a lot of stations that are not particularly fond of. But we don't lie about it. I mean, whatever the number is there, a lot is in line. And the station that you just talked about, WOLD, you know, maybe they don't want you to come on because you know what the numbers are. At least you generally have a pretty good degree as what they are. And they can't stand the truth. They can't handle the fact that most of their audiences now are over 65. That even those numbers, I mean, they're just dropping like a rock. They've gone from that flute five something that they had in the summertime down to a three, two. And they're just dropping like a rock. Well, I think it's down here. They're down here and ganged up on here. They didn't have the competition that they had before. That's correct. There's just this excitement about this station. Well, there is. And you know, I just like you said, you know, I know you make jokes about them. But they said, you know, let's do another show of gun control. I obsessed. Well, there are some people who want to cling to those old, you know, abortion and gun control. And all those tried and true topics. And I am telling you, they burn out of the public is just legendary. It's just that they don't want to hear that crap anymore. They've heard it a million times. Well, there are no senses. There are any. There are a lot to be said about. It's nothing. And you know what it changed. Anybody's mind on this. No, no, no, no, no, they'll never, not in all lifetime. Will it ever be any meaningful gun control. Maybe not in our grandchildren's lifetime. It's just, it's not going to happen. We'll all wind up killing ourselves before they ever do anything. Sound. Maybe it's because we're like, it's shot. You know, by a maniac who, you know, goes out and gets a gun in a pawn shop. And he still doesn't change his mind man all for the NRA in the current president. He's just as much gunhole already. And he does, you know, semi-automatic. When I heard that, let's not take away their assault weapons. Well, sure. I mean, if you're going to go out hunting a target shooting, you got to have an assault weapon. I mean, no, awesome. That's the play you're out. That's for sure. At least a couple of oozees in the arsenal. I mean, isn't everybody entitled for that? I mean, if you take away our oozees, what's next? But you can't. Or I'm not even in with the people on that side. So it's really, it's just an exercise in futility. And it isn't exciting because no matter how much the people disagree, it's all been said a million times before. And yeah, there's the same arguments. Again, and again, and again, and you can, you know, the pro call up with their constitutional argument. And the anti's come on and they say, well, yeah, the constitution says to keep them a little share. And it's the same argument. It never ever changed. And as far as abortion goes, abortion is not going to be decided on talk radio. It's not decided in the course. And when they do it, then they do outlaw abortion. And it certainly seems to go in that way. What's going to happen is people are just going to keep having them illegally again. And then, you know, then we'll have the abortion police the same way as we now. The mine police and the radio police and the movie police and the television police. Well, have the abortion police. But nothing's going to change. All right, what about, why 100? We heard a rumor yesterday. Did you start that rumor? Yes, I did. I did. Can you roll program director maybe on his way out? Steve. Pop it a rumor. Steve. Did you die? They just hired? Yeah. Yeah. He's been that well, the station is not doing well. They give us that. I find it interesting that the television ads with it. Well, well, we were going to give away 15,000. And then, you know, they dumped Steve Ross into a shooter, something. And they're arguing over 15,000. And then, didn't sunny Fox get more of us can for what amount of the peanuts are playing take it or something like that. Wasn't that that was not the deal. I don't know what the real reason was. Well, it was making too much money. Well, yeah, I was going to want to be looking for a place to happen. But I think the immediate catalyst was over the way a contest would be run or a expense to something like that. I said, well, you know, you hear these story second hand, sunny won't talk about them. But, you know, you people at the station call up and volunteer information and things like that. And my understanding is it had something to do with a contest and do a sunny wonder run it one way and they wanted to run it another way. And the amount of the surprising and dispute was really pippinates. You know, in most other major markets there are stations that they kind of like step out from the pack. I can know horse race. They just come out, take the lead and they pull away and they're there for a long time. And you can go through all the major markets. I mean, there are a lot of markets where there's a close horse race, but there are one or two dominant stations in this market. It's like watching a yo-yo and all the different stations they bounce up and back and back and forth like you may. The boy who walks up life because naturally they've got to catch the audience and all the elevators and deaders and doctors offices. So, you know, that, that, that, it shouldn't even count. It shouldn't even be in any book because nobody is consciously listening to life. There is nobody's family. There's no, nobody's family. And then they attention to the subliminal. Yeah, I agree with you. If you're an advertising, you want to pay your money for somebody who might in the background here, well, maybe a subliminal, you know, like they used to do he popcorn. Exactly. It is. Maybe it works. Maybe it does. But anyway, that, that's a whole separate ball game. But other than that, it's just this constant yo-yo syndrome. When I think the big part of it is real bad management in this market. And I've worked for a lot of these different companies and I'm telling you, man, they bring in these, these yo-yo who don't know their arm pit from their elbow and it's bad management and they all bring in these consultants who, you know, guys who can't get an honest job in a market, so go around screwing up everybody else's station. And when somebody has consultants managed like in admitting to me, right to my face, hey, we don't know what the hell we're talking about. Well, consultants never had an original idea, almost by definition. They only know what's working somewhere else. Yeah. And, you know, as far as why 100% of their entire, back, they've been built on a foundation of saying that giving away money, they came to the market. I remember I moved to the market just about at the time when they, they went on the air with, when they had that gimmick, I listened to the new sound of why 100% know it. 50,000 dollars, that was $150,000. I would, you know, probably equivalent now would be about $200,000. And they gave away money and they're back to giving away money. And buying one of my audience, well, I suppose you can do that, but you know, I think the way they put the station on the air was positively brilliant because there was a period back then when everybody in Miami was aware of, I listened to the new sound of why 100% and we're answering their phone. You didn't completely, was that positively brilliant. But you can't keep that going over a long period of time. I don't, eventually you can get the people into the tent, but then you've got to have to show to keep them in the tent. And that's, it seems like every time they get into trouble, they just come up with more money giveaways instead of trying to get a solid format that would make that unnecessary. Well, that's called throwing money at the problem. Yeah. So, I didn't say anything to you over there. By the way, I'll tell you, interesting consultant story. I was talking to a friend of mine, Bo Reigns who's up at 98 Rock and Tampa yesterday who called me for a job reference or a job. No, not me, but a reference on someone he was hiring. And anyway, he said to me, did you ever talk to the classic rock consultant there at Zeta Alex? So, whatever his name was, and I said, wait a minute. I said, you mean he's the consultant now at Zeta and he says, Oh, yeah. And I said, well, you know, we used to when Neil and I were there, we were consulted by Harris and Chris Gable was in and we used to just rip them on the air about consultants and how they don't know anything. And you know, they're just, that station had no ratings. And we just, you know, roasted the consultants. Well, finally they got rid of Harris. brought this guy in and remember, I went up to Rose Bolter one day and I said, is this the new consulting? Oh, no, no, no, no. This is the marketing guy. They used a different name for because he was too long ago. Well, whoever was very embarrassed to admit that they hired another consultant because the word is so smart me that I'm with and so embarrassing that they just don't like to admit that they even hired consultants. Well, whoever's consulting on them, he is a couldn't have lived through that period because they don't have a clue what was that? I wasn't that kind of be one of the great mysteries of all time, forgetting about whether you like him as a person or not, because he's a likeable guy, but Bulger's been there. Oh, yeah, two years. I found it very clever in the Zayr's. Yeah, but in terms of total failure with the exception of our show, which is now history, there is no success story at all. Anywhere on that radio station in two years and now they're right back there below where they were when we went there, you're in a half ago. They were at a one seven. Now they're down to a one six. Okay. They say that, you know, they were really happy that you were leaving because now they let them get things in a lot of things. They turned around. It's like a guy who wins the lottery, you know, a guy who's living at the familiar sauce, winning the lottery and then losing the check and going, well, gee, I was happy in the other way anyway. What was I going to do with all that? How long can that go on? I don't know. How long can you want in the series? He's about to possibly go on that. No demographics. They have no the FM has no measurable audience to speak of. How long can they keep subsidizing that? Well, I don't know. And that's why you keep here. I think that's why these room is keeping popping up about a possible sale. The room is about listen, I worked there for almost five years. There have been rumors about those two stations being sold and they came real close as you know to being sold a couple of years ago and it just, it doesn't happen. Well, this is a lot of fact. One of the problems is that they probably won. Now I'm just interjecting this with no real-encider information, but they probably asking a price that would justify a station, what maybe a four or five rating when the mean while they're delivering a station for the one point sixth rating, who's going to pay that kind of money. They have a good signal. They have a good facility. Well, they have a reasonably good signal, at least on the FM they have a good signal. The AM has the best daytime signal in the state of Florida. They're neither sunshine at days. Well, at night, but nobody sells night time radio. So night, not after 7pm, forget a radio is not a factor anymore. It doesn't exist. Well, I don't think that's true with this station. Oh, I'm very well-in-ide. If you were to ask me what the base brownie can bring. There may be money on night time radio. I think he couldn't tell you. Yes, I could be wrong on that, but I don't think there's any AM station in the country. That's making money or maybe even FM. Well, the seven and the male don't know the base. Well, the male don't know the base. The male don't know the base. The male don't know the base. The male don't know the base. The male don't know the base. The male don't know the base. Well, they do in the sports, though. You get to be a company. And things like that. Looking for male demos. You can sell something. I think all of that sports is basically packaged together with the dolphins and the hurricanes and all of the sports on a station. And it's just kind of part of an image. I don't think that it's there because it's making anybody a lot of money. I could be wrong on that, but I don't think so. Okay, it's 10. 10 before 11 at Wild. Tom Jick is with us and I want to tell you about. Good deed. Okay, you don't want to tell that story on the air. No, no, no, no. Well, 10. 54 at Wild. Tom Jick is here. Tom is the trouble maker with the four-lettered L. News and Sun. So, please, don't say that that a wine that I'll let. Okay, what is really not the one. Even the old rages was quoted as a common joker as a trouble maker. That's a compliment. It's a Sun Sentinel. For a long time, their image was being kind of boring. Well, you know, this has got to sound like tangling, but I've been there two months. And I'm just, I'm really impressed at the way the place is run with the people who run it. They know what they do and they have a goal. I find the paper to be, you know, just to paper on the move and the move and the right direction. And a little too Palm Beach County oriented, but that's okay. I know it's gonna. I'm just tempted to say, no, it's gonna. I'm just going to use to avoid that. No, well, we serve both markets. This is a letter to what they for the Calendale Digest. Well, we're at it again. Can I read this on the ear? Well, in public print, dear editor, there was a letter printed in the February 16th. Calendale Digest from a David Murphy's, M.E.R.V.E.S. that I am upset with the arroggies for as abusive and obscene language. But the other day, he heard me yell at the tennis courts. Give us the G-Blank Blank Ball. Will you, and suggest that I'll clean up my act before criticizing others? The topic of conversation, the next day at the tennis courts, was who is David Murphy's? Nobody has ever seen who heard of him. First is quite a difference between saying, G-Blank Blank Ball and the language Neo Rogers uses. Second, when I want to ball return to the tennis courts, I call thank you on court such and such. And when the ball is returned, I always say, thank you. Third, saying, I yell around the tennis courts. Give us the G-Blank Blank Ball is a G-Blank Blank Blank lie. Since dearly, sincerely, Arthid J. Sunny Rose and Burmeseity, Hall of the Am I got to tell you? This has got to be, we're missing out on something because this has got to be a tremendous place to live. Because when the mayor of the city has got nothing better to do than take the time to write a letter, a super silliest letter like this. A goddamn stupid letter like this. Hall and Dale died, Jess. Well, it's a lecture around in the city commission meetings, trying to do a little witch hunts against Neo Rogers and against this radio station, that it must be, no wonder they call it the city a choice. There must be no crime, no drugs, no problems, no jaywalking, no traffic problems, nothing. Everything there must be perfect. Well, you know, it's election time. And one way, how do you get attention in Hall and Dale? Well, one good way to get attention is to take on somebody big. And they took on the biggest person. When Marwood before, and it was an embarrassment for him and a humiliation, and they did it again, and they had to go, doesn't have any well-elected again. And it was a matter of time. It was a matter of time. It was every old person in Hall and Dale, and Dale knows that sunny rose and bird was fighting for their interest. Oh, absolutely. And election day is coming up. That's how they get it. And anyone help me running in Hall and Pepper Syndrome. They pantered or was certain constituency over the age of 100. They know that those are the only people that go out and vote, because there's certainly nothing else to vote on in the city like that. And these are the ones that put them back into office. Well, is there no-to-whole idea? Does anyone know who sunny rose and bird is even running against? No, how come? But everyone knows who sunny rose and bird is. Isn't that the whole idea of politics? It's the same as every time there's a municipal election in Miami. They clean up the prostitution on business. Oh, yeah, it's the same old room. And then you'll see some public official be at the police chief or the mayor or some assistant mayor or something. There'll be anti-alibration. We're reminding people that we're doing this. You almost get the feeling that law enforcement has become kind of a public relations game. And they only do it when it's expedient. For example, you know, that was actually a bit of a relief. That's really the thing in Halleywood. Now, this guy and his card, where do we have that thing? Maybe the copy on his card, it says, Vice, what is the first word? They're Vice intelligence and narcotics. So narcotics, he's involved in drugs. Okay, now we have such a drug epidemic in South Florida. But evidently, it's a lot safer to go into, you know, Bust the guy who's a clerk in a movie theater and try to set up people for easy arrests to embarrass. And humiliating him and destroy their reputation. That's a lot easier than going out and dealing with a drug problem. Because that's dangerous. Well, Jay Ghoove's FBI for years was public. You know, they always went after the high profile crimes that would get them publicity and they would overlook. That's why there was never any kind of a campaign against white collar crime and other things. You know, even against the mafia because there was just no percentage in it. But meanwhile, they had, they'd always trumpet this great percentage. They had against kidnapping and things that would get him in the paper. And they'd always fight that FBI. They're really tremendous. And there was more nonsense going, talk about witch hunts, the witch hunts that went on there. Here's a guy that was just violating the Constitution left in right-bugging people's offices. And the guy we just obsessed with other people's sex lives. Who does that remind you of? You know, you think about it. There's a pattern here that goes on throughout history. What's going on here is broadcast McCarthyism. There's no, I just like the McCarthyism. I just like the McCarthyism. Exactly what it is. Okay, it's twisting and distorting and using the law to destroy people's lives. Well, I was back. If you look back through history, people like Joe McCarthy and Roy Cohen and Hoover and a lot of the others, they had more to hide themselves than anybody else. Oh, it turned out. It doesn't always seem that way that like the Congressmen, the people who see, yeah, the people who seem to be the most obsessed with. We all belong to it. We're showing what other people are doing behind closed doors. Other ones who are really worried, maybe that someone will discover what they're doing. Almost always. It does seem that way too much. Okay, we're at the end of this hour. Tom Jick is here. We're going to continue talking about the TV and radio. And satellite dishes and cable and all the other stuff that we always talk about with Tom. Right now Henry Barrow standing by with the 11 o'clock Wiod News. We'll come back at 1105. Steve this afternoon from 2 to 6 and Sports Talk with Joseph Gacky and Sunnirch at 605. And... Uiod presents Neorodgers to get in touch and talk. Call 751-WiodD-N-D. 524-WiodD and Broward. Or 655 and 278-WiodD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neorodgers. On New Stock Radio 610-WiodD. 1105-WiodD. Tom Jicky, the radio and TV editor of the 4-letter Dale News Sunn Sentinel is our guest. And we'll be able to o'clock Steve today has Patrick Sessions, father of Tiffany Sessions, who's been missing since February the 9th. And Wayne Black, who is the lead investigator in that case and then Sports Talk with Joe and Sunnirch at 605. As far as TV is concerned, it's like one dimensional. I don't think we should overreact because even though it's shocking how many of these skills are on, it all seem to be the same. This has been a history of television. Well, one of the things you want to talk about on at the same time, you get 20 ciphons on it. We go through these streaks. There's no originality and as soon as something takes off and hits, then right away you've got 20 of the same kind of shows on. Well, one of them is already in trouble. Inside edition, the King World Show, that one, that one's in trouble already. They might get the plug pull on them in some markets. It's really quickly David Frost, they got really him and that one is. But meanwhile, inside Story Channel 7 show is going to probably go nationwide in syndication. Really? Oh, yeah, I'd start saturday on that and it looks like it's going to happen probably week after next. And a lot of syndication is very optimistic about it. I think they'll always be one or two of these programs around for the same reason that the National Enquirer has been around for years. People want that kind of business. For the same reason, I don't think that there'll be more than that. The Enquirer has its imitators, what is the globe and then is the World Weekly News, which is the Enquirer. I think it's just the paper and midnight, know all those others. But the Enquirer is the one that's kind of endured through the years. And I think that that's what will happen in this. They'll be a shake out in one of these. I'm going to do it like indotainment. And I went into tame. It's anite first came on there, which was re-imitators. But they're still around. And they've really gotten runch. You know, indotainment and it's like a continuation of a car in the insurance. They're all that way. Well, it's right now that's the perception is that that's what people want. They want to look through other people's keels. And I guess that's nothing, no. It's just that not people have gotten the nerve to give them a peek. It's the same thing with lifestyles of the rich and famous. I mean, a lot of this kind of stuff. A lot of these people have been kicking around for years. I was thinking at the other day, I had her all the one for whatever. You know, we had the pygmy women transvestite with a large breast. And I was thinking some of these Sally and her all though. And some of these people have been just kicking around and kicking around for ever. And all of a sudden, this kind of thing caught on. And now it's like they're being carried along with it. Well, there'll be a shake out there, too. I think, you know, what, Downey is within a year of running his course. I think that Sally Jesse will probably disappear in a year or so. Done a year, will probably hang around because he's the class act of the bunch. And Oprah might hang on, you know, she might have a little longer run. But I think, you know, five years from now, maybe at best, done a year in Oprah will be around. And within two years, you won't see any more. More Downey, you won't see any more Sally Jesse. It's a limited limited appeal format. And they keep recycling the same guests. And they've already gotten caught. You know, with, with guests who represented themselves as something they weren't. Wasn't, wasn't Haraloo got nailed. But the couple who said that that he was a sex maniac and his wife was prejudiced. Or something like that. Wasn't that the deal? And you know, they kind of made this end of the month before they were on as a priest and a nun on another stage of the party. They nailed her, too. So, you know, that's what happened. He came on real indignant. Oh, poor. It's fire in her red, the glasses, boy. Fulming at the mouth. Yeah. So, they'll all go. Downey, I think, will be the first to go. And it's, if he has to turn down his act, that's the end of them. Because that's really all he had going from. There's no substance at all to that program. It's, you know, it's been characterized, it's wrestling without the matches. But all of the dumb cases, all of the dumb cases have a match. Financial wrestling without the... Well, downey you used to have, downey you used to be somewhat reputable. And probably still is the most reputable of all of them. But, you know, the rest of them are. For sure. I mean, even down, you know, it doesn't, like I said, without the matches, Haraloo got to, I've got to know, it was busted, I guess. You could say, you know, it was wrestling. Yeah, and that made it worthwhile. But Murphy Brown did a program on that last night. Murphy Brown's a real good show. It's probably the best of the new comedies. And they did a show last night where they, it's a 60-minute's-tay program. And they were getting the head kicked in by someone. By a program that seemed, the way it was described, they never showed it. They just described it. It was kind of like a mothowny show. And so they lowered their own standards and sure enough, the ratings went up and at the end of the program, they all just stood around, got it. It's this really what we want to be. And I think that's the realization that some stations are coming. But what about all this new stuff that's coming on? It's roller games. And what are the main things that we're doing? American Gladiators, which is having problems getting clearances. It looks like it might make it on now. The only one that's a sure better roller games. And I don't think that, that'll last about as long as roller derby. You know, I think it'll have like a six months run. It'll be a novelty. It all depends on just how outrageous they want to be. But I don't see it having any long term. But the public appetite, and maybe you don't agree with this. But I think the public appetite, just going to be insatiable. In other words, it's like their voyeuristic desires. It's just to the point now where no matter what you show them, they want something beyond that. Well, people have mundane miserable lives. So they're looking for a little excitement or they're fine at that. Other people have even worse miserable lives. That's really what comes down to. And, you know, there are even parallels in the situation here that if you haven't an active, exciting life of your own, you don't have to become obsessed with what other people are doing. But if you're sitting at home and you're bored and you have no life, and you've got to, you can't wait for a program like a current affair to come on to put some excitement into your life, will you? Yeah, that's what it amounts to. People want to know that there are other people more miserable than they are. That's really fascinating. Yeah. Well, maybe we'll do that. Maybe we could really hit the jackpot here. We'll just find the most miserable people that we can find. We'll bring them on to you every day. What does this Steve do that? Tom Magica would want to say that. I said, just 12 minutes past 11 at WIOD. Want to tell you about the Armadillo Cafe, one of our very favorite restaurants. Boy, it's too bad we don't have any food coming in for time today, isn't it? Yeah, it's too bad. I'm happy you would. Well, maybe we could dread something up. I know pizza loves coming tomorrow and Boone is coming from a science dog. I'd try to neutral system, bowl of cream, the food. Well, we might be able to arrange that. Now, we'll see if we can install it 10 after 11. I'm sure that between now and noon or 1230, we can dread something up, right? One time was eight o'clock in the morning when we had pizza with pineapple. That's the only time you ever had food. I'll get out of here. When I didn't have food the last time you were here? No. And that at all. Well, we got to do something about that. Maybe carmines, listening down our floors and they can dread something up. We're on real short notice, you know, about 20 30 pounds of food for Tom. Because you would do a real well. You've faded away to a shadow of your former self. I've been working on putting some of it back on. I'm going to be on the interest system before long. All right, and that's good. We like that. That we can use your name every day. Anyway, the on the 1116 and WOD. Let's explore that. You just said, well, no, why can't we explore that? No, I just said he hears a rumor about Jeff Charles job. Jeff, but Charles is leaving Jay and I'll go to Providence, Rhode Island. I don't know that. You know that to be true. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. And I've heard rumors that Simon's going to get the job. I find it hard to believe, but that's the room you hear. Yeah. Well, that would fit in up there. I mean, it's a real right wing market. And they like to hire right wingers of a J. And I owe the more further to the right to better. So they ought to be in heaven with Mr. X. I've never heard of. Yeah, I just want to. The only time I heard of him by mentioned the only time I've ever heard. Because he's a walking slime ball. And I just refused to dignify him by mentioning his name. And Steve can try to put on this routine about well off the area. So different in this and that. That's a lot of malarkey. Okay. When you come on the air and you make the kind of bigoted remarks. And I mean, been going on for years now, the kind of a homophobic crap that he's used on the air. Don't tell me that off the air. He's, you know, a different guy. Because I don't buy. I've never heard him on the air except that one day that we were here just before you came on the station. Or Friday afternoon we were here with Steve and he walked in picked up the microphone and invited himself into the program. That's the only time I've heard him because he's on with Steve. As best I know Steve's the only one I've put him on. And I'm working with Steve as on. So I've never actually heard him on the air. Although I've heard of what he's done when he's on. All of a sudden his good buddy is Bob Cunz. That's strange isn't it? Yeah. We'll see they share a common dislike of me so that a common obsessional dislike of me. So that that seems to be the criterion. These days in certain circles that if you're hating your Rogers then all of a sudden you become real bosom buddies. Yeah, well that's something. Yeah. That's what we were talking about earlier. If you're not my ally in my enemy. Yeah. 11 17 and WIDD. The phones are just really sizzling you. Good. We have more than that. Well I haven't taken it only half in one time. That Friday night I was on what you waited over there. But that was the A or something. I'll never forget that. You've caught that one together. I don't know. I've had you in concert. We're on together. Yeah. And it was on a Friday night. And we were even using for it. We could get up see the phone call. I think. I think that night. I mean, that even fruit cake call that night. He was during his reign of terror. He doesn't call to that. I don't think so. Anyway, people I want to talk about radio and TV and the cable systems. I don't want to do another whole show on cable and satellite. No, because that's a waste. Great. But I mean, you know, let me tell you something. Yeah, look at that. This is starting the light up. Let me tell you last time we were here. We talked about the telephone company getting involved. That is really moving along. The telephone. Yeah. They've started the tightness screws. What they've done is they've made an offer to the National Association of Broadcasts. One of the big issues with broadcasts is cable systems. A dropping certain over the S stations. You know, some of the smaller UHF stations. Well, the telephone companies of America, I think, it is telephone association of America. They've promised the NAB that if the NAB backs their, they're, they're getting into cable television. That what they would do is promise that all over the X stations would be carried free for all time, which is really tightening the screws. Now, the NAB hasn't officially reacted to that yet, but they're looking at the proposal. But the thing is this whole movement is picking up momentum. And it is going to come before Congress and if people, if you want to spend a phone call, well, contact your Congress, when contact your Saturday and tell them, when this issue comes before you this year, I want you to give it a good look because you're not you're being treated chabily by your cable company. And the phone company is going to make a major push to get in. And it's really the only hope. If the phone company gets in, this whole business of not being able to get stations like sports channel, not being able to get WGN will be history. You'll be able to pick up your phone dial, a certain number with a code, and you'll dial up the, you'll pick the cable stations you want on your set where it should have been. That is exactly how it should have been. And the cable company is the only hope. It's not a panacea, there'll probably be problems with the phone company too. But when I wrote the piece, as I said, just ask yourself, which monopoly are you more happy with now? Your phone service or your cable service? For all this problems, I don't think there's any question, which one provides better, more reasonable, more inexpensive service? So this is something we brought up last time. It was really the first time we discussed it publicly. And it is picking up momentum. So there was a good news. It was used that we could not have been bad news with the cable system. 20 minutes past 11 at WIT. Look at that board man. We got two something calls on the board with Tom Jick. This is, I don't tomorrow. Yes, tomorrow is going to be 13 years that I've been on a year. I've always told you that every single day is like the first day. It doesn't make any difference. What's going on? It doesn't make any difference. What you've been talking about and they're making any difference. What the climate is, so to speak, and a community, just the same kind of thing every single day. Like when starting all over, and when you answer the phone, the first call is going to be a request for the I-95s. Probably. Okay, we've got a couple of lines open and brown. If I don't go, well, don't start telling that. Wait till they get some on hold. Yeah, they're all going now. But you just marked my words. Trust me, I know my customers. Okay, my amy. Hello. There we go. See, they're first call. Now, I have a feeling, is there somebody on there? There is somebody on there. Okay, must be. I'm going to put it back on hold. It must be this thing is screwed up again. I mean, it's so embarrassing to go through this air-re-stink-and-day. Okay, let's see. There's all my amy. Hey. Yeah. How you doing? I'm on a mobile if I can get in. Okay, sir, you're on right now. Hey, good morning. I didn't realize that was. I didn't think you were picking right up. You don't have to say something about Neil. The fact that since the whole thing has happened that sports and of how the media handles the different things, all of a sudden the fact that a mock-and-a-mentioned name is like you don't like to throw names around the university of Miami Coature now becomes a coach of a professional team. How that has been focused and become such a center of attention to the news. And like you say, it's just a game. It's just a radio show. Will be people do it right now. Well, yeah, but you don't think that's a major story. I do. It is. But there's a report. I'm a conscious that he became a coach of the team. I'm a soul-to-team, Landry Abenderson. The franchise was started in Dallas. I guess they've been dying on the final last few seasons to the point of embarrassment and now they sell the thing and Johnson leaves and a hole. I have two lines on it. David Schuiller leaves and. Yeah, I mean, it's a big story. I mean, granted, this is only a game, but within the context of that, it's a major story. I think we lost a father. I have a theory on this whole David Schuiller thing. I think David Schuiller left so we could come back. Do you want five, sir? Is this you? Me? I'm with it. Okay, in other words, this is the same color. I had two lines punched up at the side of that. Okay, okay, well, what else is there to say? It's a major story and whether, you know, it's forces that important to you or not. Is it relevant within the context of news? It's a big story. Professional in the business, I would respect your professional opinion. You feel it. It's worthy of the amount of coverage to give it. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. I like to say I respect your opinion. No, I know. There were a lot of sports is overblown and it's just a game and that people get just hysterical like the Super Bowl. We get like three days of coverage over a three hour ball game, but in this case, it is a big thing. Yeah, news is two or a certain extent is what people are interested in right now. If you're interested, this is not only sports. It's business too. Okay, what I made. When an NFL team is so like that, it's big business. You're right. It's major business on the other side of it. Then you get three days of the news of Neil Rogers being harassed by a home. They'll look at that. What I'll tell you one thing, you know, you say three days in the news where they put this story that they buried it in the Sun Sentinel. You'd have to have a magnifying glass to find that story and what in the Harold only appears in the Broward edition. So evidently, they don't feel like when police abuse their power and try to set people up to destroy them. That's a major story. The TV stations to the best of my knowledge didn't even use it. Channel 4 sent a guy out here, but didn't even use the story. So again, you know, the problem is that you can be just decimating everybody attacking you from all angles in a personal way. I'm not just talking about throwing barbs out because I do that as well as anybody. But I'm talking about trying to destroy your life and my colleagues in the media in this town, even though I've been here tomorrow 13 years, don't feel it significant enough to story to really give it any coverage, which is pretty damn poor. It's pay pathetic. And you know, Steve made a comment yesterday when I was on his show with Norm Kent. He said, well, you've ticked off a lot of people at the TV stations. Big deal. That's too bad. Well, the story has got nothing to do with whether they like me or not. If they're too small to cover the story because they don't like me, then they're not journalists. Well, that's the thing is, you know, just divorce the personality entirely. It's the practice. If this is true of the police encouraging someone else to set someone up where a crime, not only wouldn't be committed, but it hasn't even been considered being committed. And the police are encouraging somebody to put someone in a position. If it can happen to you, it can happen to anyone else. Suppose you're to take it to an extreme. You're a well-known personality, but suppose this same cop has it in for his neighbor. Yeah. Well, any cop has your, let's take it. The cop out of it. Let's like any cop has it in for his neighbor. I mean, could he do this kind of thing and destroy a person's life? You bet. To me, there's a much bigger issue than this single officer and Neil Rogers. It's, what are our police doing? They're supposed to be there to protect us, not to put us into jeopardy. Okay, 25 past 11 at WIOD and we'll come back with us. Well, I heard a rumor. Well, I heard a rumor. We'll just use that a lot, so that's why we're doing it. So, heard a rumor. You saw that music that's in that you saw Bill Constrid? I saw Bill Constrid. There was a wedding that involved someone from the, for a lot of the owners and someone from the Miami Heral last Saturday. And so you had both newspapers with air. It was really kind of strange to, was it, you know, everybody sitting around and She's moving. Well, listen to, they're pretty strange seeing Bill Constrid and town because he's, He's, you know, here's so rarely. Does he have a place where they just say, hello to you? Or does he stay at the holiday in for a couple of days? I don't think he's got a permanent residence anymore in town. We've been trying to get him on here. We've only been here four months now in a couple of days. It'll be four months. And we just can't, we can't try everything. He's the only human being that you communicate with through answering machines and never actually Speak to directly, only on the answering machine. He was, you've got to find out with an ex-film festival isn't it? Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah. They have a lot of film films. They have a big convention of sues that's coming up in town. When they have that bill, they'll be there right there from the lies. A great guy, but a little on the pseudo side. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach with Tom Jekyll. Hello. Hi, how are you? I'm really not in Palm Beach. I was in downtown Miami. And I'm head back north and it's telling them right now. What else? Two questions. Number one, I guess being a native born, we're ready and born and raised in Miami. I'll come y'all up for now. Is it right? MAMA? Yeah. You and Marcia McLemar? She and Lerback are there. They might have a beach in Miami. They'll make you a w happy. Here you go. The reason I called is, I just wanted to know that you all aren't the only ones that are happy because that guy Charles is going to be leaving JNL. He's been out to put bad news in the day he came up here. He was bad news before he came up there. He's been bad news ever since he's been on the air, sir. Believe me, I have no idea he was doing anything. Where is that as welcome, Feli? He was supposed to fill in for Steve here for a few days, several months ago. And he was filled in one show, I think, in the Anthony opposite to ran in the opposite direction and said, Thanks, but don't come back. I don't blame him, I'm just wondering why it took so long for the people up here to where I could stay up in the company. Didn't take long, he's only been there. Six of them months? No, I don't think even at long. His average job is like about how often people change underwear. Well, he is not exactly very well received in the area. Well, let me just tell you this, if it's true that Rick Syderman is going to replace him, you're going to wish you hadn't backed. Well, I am Mr. Axis, I thank you for all of them. I'm going to tell us a little bit about him because we're really not too familiar with him. Well, I don't know. First of all, if it's true that he's going to be up there. Secondly, I'm certainly not going to be the last one to promote his show if he is. Okay, so you'll have to listen for yourself and get a good dose of his right wing, phonetical, homophobic propaganda, and maybe you're like it, I don't know. Okay, and then one last thing for I go off the air. You know, hopping to the pumping, you've got an area after about seven o'clock at night. It's very, very hard to get your station. Well, all the AM stations have to change pattern and power at night time. So that's what happens at sundown. Whenever each month of time changes, but it's sundown, AM radio kind of disappears. Okay. All right, well, enjoy yourself. Okay, thank you. I'm going to tell you now, yeah. Did you see the piece I did on there a little bit the night that's Steven, I run that show up there with Jim Acumen, and you know, they won't let their people go on. Boy, how is that for faith in your own people? They won't even let father call to show anymore. Well, obviously, if they won't, they wouldn't appear on a PBS public affair, they wouldn't allow their people along. But, you know, it's not that ridiculous. I mean, talk about paranoid and petty child. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a people with, there are people with an a market who call us, Bill Tanner causes, don't Cox causes all the time. Sonny used to even know how I was on the air. But when he was, he would call us all the time. There are other people in a market who are competitors, do you know causes? I mean, I don't understand what kind of juvenile paranoia that is. It just, it's a bush league. Let's face it. See, that's the one area where I disagree with your newspaper. Okay. So, you know, there's a lot of people who are on the way out. Too much emphasis on everything Palm Beach Palm Beach is not Palm Beach is just like there. It's a half a million uncut. It's a growing area. But it's a bush. I mean, this is bush league to begin with. But Palm Beach is so far behind us. I mean, it's like in a twilight zone. Yeah, but the people who write up on radio and Palm Beach are, they're two categories basically. People who never should have been on a year in the first place, like John Levitt to use an example or Jim Acumen, or people who are on a way out like Mike Miller and Lee Fowler and the people of the John. But that's going to change. Palm Beach now is going through what Miami went through 20 25 years ago and it's changing from just a sleepy little hamlet where people come. I disagree with you. I was in Palm, and I'm not saying it was because I was there. But when I was there 14 years ago, that town was happening. I mean, it was a pretty decent town. Oh, yeah, but this is a population explosion. West Palm Beach is like, yeah, but you're talking about in the hinterlands. Okay. West Palm Beach is an toilet now. Everybody's not talking about the remits. But it's going to change. The market's going to change drastically. And you're going to get people moving down from the north and from the Midwest. And you're going to lose that small town mentality. And a lot of these people are there now. I'm going to disappear. The same as people used to be on the air here that you couldn't get a job here now. And you're going to see that change. And I think it'd be foolish not to try and reach those people. We're a better newspaper than the Palm Beach post. So why shouldn't we try and start the people? Let goes without saying. Okay. It's 1133 at WI. I don't want to get you on the spot there by Palm Beach. I just thought I could so-tare to reading about what shows are going to be on PBR and J&O. Nobody cares what you like. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mentioned it all on the listings. I'm right. I covered the process with the Palm Beach stations. Okay. Well, you know what that is. You know, the business. That's a product of good promotion. People send it to get an radio listing as unfortunate as it is. Is all you got to do is send the listing to the Clark who puts the listings in. And you'll get listed. That's it. I mean, it's, by the way, are one open line I was in Palm Beach. I just mentioned that in Panic Times. Six five five. Five. Five. Six five five. Nine four six three. We're not, we're not right wing enough for Palm Beach. I'm going to show that's a problem. This whole station, a little bit too progressive for Palm Beach. Well, and Mike Miller's on now. Yeah, that's it. And we're getting ready for Lee. So you put that combination together. We can't handle it. I want to tell you, lady. That's what I was like about Lee Fongers that he was original. It's 1138 at WI on D. Tom Jick is our guest today during the entire duration. We sure hope some lunches come and don't you? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. I mean, we're just talking about the way and the ones he did. They were a problem on the days when I don't want to food. Then we get enough food for the Chinese army on the days when we have a an honored guest like Tom Jicker. Then we sit here and just kind of wonder what trepidation whether anything's going to show up or not. But if somebody will come through, won't they? I hope so. Well, they nice. We have to feed Tom or Thomas baby. He really is. He looks like he's going to join the Bob Mayor School of Broadcasting. Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. I just want to make a couple of comments and ask Tom a question. I want to ask Tom about what you were going through with this jerk. I found it very interesting on yesterday's on Steve's show when you came on. And I started out listening to Steve and then when you came on, I listened to you and I really got to an interview show. But before I read this interview, I used to dislike you. It's based on everything I heard from everybody else. And I found it really interesting that Steve has come all the way around. I mean, before he was buddies with this guy. And all of a sudden they started attacking him and then all of a sudden he's, you know, this guy is horrible. You know, and I just found it really interesting. And I could agree with you the way you got upset yesterday with him. Well, I, you know, I still have some problem. But I'm not, you know, there's no point. It's kind of productive. Steve was right about that to continue with on the air. I have problems with a lot of things that have been done. Many of which ironically were done on this station. Yeah. Our entire program is where done hate shows against me. And I'll be the first one to admit that I've probably taken shots at everybody in a media in this market at one time or another. But I don't do entire programs on people. I don't invite the audience to call in and crucify people. That's a whole different story. And I can think of numerous occasions when it was done on this station. Not only by Steve, but by two of the people who used to be in this time slot, neither of whom belonged on a year in the first place. Okay. When it would do entire shows, just assassinating me on the air, inviting that individual among others to come on a year and do that. And, and, you know, this is a thing maybe Tom can come. And this is the only market I've ever heard of in my life. Where there are stations who cannot compete with a particular talent in me in this case. And so as opposed to trying to bring in somebody who can compete, they try to get you off the year. Have you ever in your life heard of that? Whether it's a new year or any other. This is one of the few markets in the country where people talk about each other's. Oh, they do it everywhere now. I mean, now it's commonplace in New York. They do it all the time now. But that's a new time. But they don't try to get each other off the air. That's it. I know. It's on her. It's on her to Paul Lyle. It's right right in this station. You know, right at this microphone, we're going to let it's the last thing I do. I'm going to get him off the air. Ironically. Yeah. I'm here in the time slot. Do and double all right in one book. Double the number that he ever did on a good day. Okay. Yeah. I mean, well, he was one of your big fans. Right. Yeah. He'll run another thing. Well, I think that that I think about it. I can understand how it's counterproductive to both of you. Be fighting on the air with Steve and everything. And it's not good. But just one comment that I want to make. It's very difficult. I don't think you should have started in the beginning. But it's very difficult when somebody's putting all the sturdy laundry, which a lot of it is not true. Out to the public and then they expect from one moment to the next for the public, not to, you know, just to not about it. And it's really upsetting because it's very hypocritical from other people. Well, you know, when you're in contact with somebody. And again, I don't want to perpetuate. But when you're in contact with somebody day in and day out as he was with this individual in Coral Gables and having numerous conversations with him. It stretches my credibility, my imagination and believe that anybody could be so naive. Maybe Steve just naive is not to understand the sinister nature of this campaign that was being Waged against me. It just happens that at the time it was expedient because I was on this on another station. And he was here. But you know, again, there's no point in just burying into the ground. It happened. I guess if he had to do it over again, maybe what it's done differently. But it's behind us. Definitely. And Neil, you guys have a great show and and I really look forward to listening to you guys every day. And Tom, I want to ask you a question now. Yeah. I really want to know what really happened with sunny fox and what are the rumors? Where is he going to turn? I can't tell you what really happened because nobody is speaking the, the matters in the hands of attorneys. But apparently what happened, what I've been able to piece together from people at the station who spoken off the record was that sunny and the management there had to dispute on a Friday morning after one of his programs. And it involved the contest that they were doing. And sunny moral, as said, you could take this job and shove it. And as people do and don't mean, but that was the all the justification they apparently needed to go, you quit. You quit. You quit. We heard you quit. You even quit. I heard him quit. And they said that was it. Now, I can say that's all piece together from a little here a little there. It's nothing that, you know, I'd want to choose them into concrete, but I'm fairly confident in my sources. That's what happened. And where do you think you might turn up? I think you might turn up somewhere about three quarters the way up in the dial. As soon as ownership changes hands. Yeah, we didn't that sale fall through. Well, I think sale did, but there's going to be a sale. Yeah. And I think that's where he'll win. Okay. Well, thank you very much and you guys got a great show. Thanks for coming. 1143 a WildD and open line in date with Tom Jick a 7519463 751 WildD. My N.E. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi. Hey, Tom. How you doing? I'm a cable story. I'm sorry. You may not want to hear a lot of stories on cable today, but I have to tell you this one. About a week and a half ago on Monday night, I'd hear a living candle. They were going to have a paper view, roughly, match, nom, a wrestling fan. And like Steve. And it was a paper view. And I call out Monday was on Monday night and they confirmed the hookup. So I proceeded to invite my cousin who was roughly fan. He came over from higher league. He lives in higher league, currently. With his family over to my home Monday night. He comes over. We switch on the cable and it's not working. And I received a signal. So I called the cable company back up and I said, listen, I hooked up this afternoon and I said, okay, go check my check. And they were running again. Give me about 10 minutes worth. And then I was going to cut off again. This time I called it as important to speak to the same girl. Okay. She tells me that she's unable to override the computer and the computer cut my system off. And after why? She was working your monthly on your payment. And that's what was confusing man. But I've been a client or customer of yours now for about a year and a half. I've hooked up every single pay per view, roughly matching boxing match. I've watched them on a paid for my just because I'm one month late now. You're going to just connect my, yes, I am. I says, is there any supervisor like me? No, I can't. Well, what are you late with the bill? Well, just one month. Well, just one, just as your choice of words. Well, okay, yeah. You get this my word against theirs. No, I mean, you say just one month, they might say your month late. Well, I paid last month to have that paper view for WWF. And now this month was for NWA. So I'm on one month late and they say, Well, that's the best leverage they have against you to cut you off. I mean, I'm not applauding what they did, but you know, you did say you well, with the deadline, as you're dealing with them in the apoly. They treat people like crap and what can I say? That's the way they are. And like we discussed the last time Tom was here when he get all these outages and it's out for hours and hours. You know, I'm days when it isn't even raining or anything. And I'm just going to say, I don't know if anybody except those people are really made practically a personal crusade out of it. And we're willing to take the time to do it. Whoever got refunded or deducted from their bill on all that time that missing when you have no service. I just have an monopoly within their own communities. And they go and give it to them about anybody, which is why storage is arbitrarily takes GN away and other people just don't want to give it to you or the sports channel. Just give you all a slot that they can get on there. And they don't give it to them what you want. Yeah. I'm a pain customer and I've been paying customer. I've always had and I've never had a problem with them. And they just didn't want to hook me up. There's no way in here. I am stuck with my cousin's family with here. I had a group of you are embarrassed that you didn't pay your bill. And you are embarrassed that you don't pay your bills. I don't pay your bills. I don't pay the bills. Put up with this company's crap because I don't pay the bills. How much did they charge for the rest of the day? How much did they charge for the rest of the day? Do you agree? How much did they charge for the rest of the day? $14.95. Wow. Free Alisho. $13.3.5. Yeah. Can you believe that? $14.95? Yeah. I'm so grateful I have paid it in the past. But that's it. I'm going with satellite. You guys changed my mind. I've been listening to you a show for some time. Matter of fact, I'm the psychic of the ring for any buffer. I called before. And I'm going with satellite. Okay. Well, I got a satellite commercial coming up right now. So keep listening. Get your panhandy because I got a phone number for you. Okay. And a phone number is 797 star in 4 Loderedale. $17.978.27. That phone number covers from the keys to the Palm Beach. $152.00. Wild time jick is here. No food yet. Well, that would be embarrassing. I mean, we always brag about the fact we can get great food in here almost any day. Well, yeah. Although I will say this, we've given Carmine a long rest. True. I don't want to put the pressure on him down there at Floresburg. Get him a while. Just a hint, Carmine. A four Loderedale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I just wanted to give you a call. I've always been a subscriber of the new Sun Sentinel and I've never really read any of your work in the news, Miami News because I've never read that paper. But I always heard Neil talk a lot about you. Now, as excited as when he said you were coming to Sun Sentinel, I wanted to tell you why. I love what you felt so done with the TV book. I think it's a great job. It's a lot better looking at the Loderedale. It's a lot easier to read and actually the first part that I turned to when I get my Sunday paper now and I love your question and answer call on my library. I love reading about like Gordon Stevens and all the things that are happening inside the industry. And I think it'd be interesting for a weekly column just about things like that. Well, it is. I mean, that's what happened to Gordon. What are you doing? Nothing. He's doing voiceovers. Now, we have a feature now in the paper. It started about, oh, I guess. Shortly after I got there, it's called TJQ and A and people sending questions about, you know, what's this guy doing and what happened to this program and all the other things. And we answer about five or six questions every week. I think it's really interesting also as far as the phone company getting involved with cable. For some reason the phone company got a really negative reputation just like the IRS or something. I don't know what I mean. I don't know why because anytime I call a Southern Belver or anything like getting a jackpot in the house or a complaint or anything, they're here the next day. There are people. There are customer service people. There are the greatest people on the phone. They're the only company that I've ever written to a supervisor to tell him how appreciative of that I was. How pretty. Oh, no, I have, you know, granted any big company you're going to have a problem somewhere along the line, but no, compare the phone company to the cable company. All right, I've found company you pick up your phone and you got a problem. You get somebody. You got a problem with your cable. I've had a lot of different cable companies and you call those people. You better have a good book to read while you sit on hold. You automatically put on hold for kind of 15 minutes. And then you get someone who's not how problem and she gives you to someone else that you put on hold again. And then they're picking a nose. They're eating while they talk. He's just like, listen to this show sometime. Just a joke. But, but it would definitely be an improvement. I want to ask two questions. Number one, if how long do you think it would realistically be before the phone company could possibly be involved in the realistically? I would doubt it would be much sooner than two or three years. Really? Well, it's going to be hearings and the cable industry has just armed themselves to the teeth. Eventually, they're fighting this as if this were their last stand. It could be probably would be. And I have a feeling that these hearings will drag on and Congress being what it is. Things rarely get done the first time that it's brought up. But the ball has to start rolling somewhere. And I think it will happen. And I think that the more people contact their congressmen and let them know the depth of the field. The pay raise issue is a good example that there was really an outpouring of public feeling about that. And it got done. I'm not sure that I agree entirely how it was done and what happened. But it did happen. And if there's anything else that people are really moved about, if they're cable television. And I don't know that Congressman attend to be sometimes removed from the community or as aware of the depth of the field on this issue. Don't most cable companies have a franchise for five or ten years. So wouldn't the phone come up? Well, yeah, but they're not exclusive franchises. They're exclusive only to the extent of that no one goes into an area where a cable company exists. I shouldn't say no one. It's rare that another company goes in because it's just so terribly expensive. But the phone company has the deep pockets to go in and overbuild is the expression. Right. And if this two in there, you know you're going to get good service. The cable industry's argument is that the phone company is so powerful and so rich that as soon as they get in, that they would put the cable companies out of business and they would be no competition again. Right. They wish I say fine. The phone company's been an apoly for a long time. And I'm satisfied with the service they give me. I was never satisfied with the service I got from my cable company. Okay, let's take another one before the news from Miami. But the same guy. It's the same guy with the, yeah, with the reason. We stopped him years ago. Anyway, we'll take it on here. I dumped it. We have an open line of day. It's 751 WIOD. It's good. No, he's back though. That's exactly what we have an idea of who it is if it's the same guy. And look at that three lines just dropped off when he disappeared. And that guy's promising to end Broward 524 WIOD and one in Boko. 278-9463. Well, I don't understand these people at all some days. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Well, I got another cable complaint for you. Okay. HBO is the pit. Why is that? Well, Kirk on Broward Beach. It has the worst reception we've ever seen. We've complained about it for a whole week. 26 CNN. So, Kirk, it's Boko. And of course, you get all the sparklies and the flutteries on it. There's an any excuse for it. It's in their equipment. It's in their lines because they're picking it up right off the satellite. And Tom and I can vote, you know, satellite dishes that the picture is as clear as a bell that they are getting. So, it's something in their transmission lines in your equipment from them to you. And they have, you know, they got no business giving you an inferior picture. That's a one thing. She likes to give us a walk on the picture. It's only at night, by the way. Yeah, it's not so bad during the daytime, but at night it's terrible. We can't even watch it. And work if we're in a condominium that's serviced by South Kirk. And we are demanding a refund on the HBO because we do pay extra for it. Well, I have had no problem with my HBO. It's interesting, no, I got to note the other day from them that I think between March 1st and 7th, which was Start Tomorrow, there's going to be those atmosphere condition. Yeah. And you might have, but even when that happens, that's just a very minor inconvenience for a very short period and a response. Yeah. And it only happens maybe once a twice during the period. Now, there's no excuse. It's their problem and they should be required to fix it. You should get a raise how with them. In fact, if a bunch of people got together, whichever cable company it is, getting inferior pictures and just refuse to pay your bills until they straighten the picture out, or at least withhold that part of the bill for whichever ones aren't coming in. Then I think you'll get some action. And when you call and tell them that your next call is going to be to your congressman. Guess it would be a place you're for you. Yeah. Tell them you're going to call his office and suggest that when the telephone is entrance into the cable TV, feel comes up that you're urging him to support it. Can I have one more question? Yeah, real quick. You're real quick. You're 25B. What happened to it? It got canceled. It was on the 6th to show something like that. Really? Yeah. It came on. They had a sneak preview on it. Wednesday or Thursday night. They put it on Sunday and I think after the second week they cancel it. Okay. Okay. Good luck. Bye-bye. Okay. Yeah. One thing I will say. I say a lot of bad things about continental cable which used to be American cable. But they have straightener equipment on the pictures on virtually every channel is excellent. And there's no reason why it shouldn't be on any of the cable systems. They're not going to be on the different channels. But for a quality picture and if they're giving you a screwed up, lousy thing. And also by the way, we got to run here for the news. But channel 6 is coming in a lot better. Well, they did. Yeah, they were. They were better. Not a lot of improvements. Okay. We have an open line in Boca with Tom Jick. We'll come back after the news. 278-9463-278-WIOD. April 4th, the next with the new news. It will be back in 1205. New stock radio 610-WIOD presents Neal Rogers. To get in touch and talk, call 751-WIOD in-day. 524-WIOD in-brower. Or 655-278-WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neal Rogers. On New stock radio 610-WIOD. In-brower. 1205-WIOD. Your Rogers, I guess, is Tom Jicka, the TV radio editor for the 4-Lotter-Doll News and Sun, Central. We're talking about TV and radio and cable and satellite dishes all along. Like I said, you know. We'll answer the questions about cable and satellite, but we did almost four-cell at night. And going through cable, high or tight, everybody's got one. You know, it's like a puppet. They've got you coming in every way because it's so hard to get the shoot of them. And you've got to wait forever on hold and listen to Glenn Hutton's voice for 30 minutes. And it's just, you know, most people have got a life. They don't have time to do that. Exactly. It's like if maybe we could find somebody. I don't want to mention any names, but somebody just popped into my mind. A lot of spare time. Maybe he could be out of the cable coordinator. And all the people who got a problem, we got to check it out. But I do a little bit of something to spend eight to twelve hours going. Absolutely endless amount of time. Okay, we have an open line in Bokan 278-9463-278-WIOD. What is that? Oh boy, isn't that great? Let me have that. And let's go to Miami here to start this hour. Hello. Hello. How you doing? You changed a lot of less, but I really am very much for you. We're really appreciate your staff, yourself, for the Christmas present. When I help support the community council. And I haven't called in because I'm in Subisie, I usually hear you in the car. And between the shop and the car. Now, what happens is I think there's a very distinct relationship between what's happening to you and what's happened to someone rushing. Now, in a religious way, no, but in a sense that it's a way of using the power of the law, whereas, my command, you're using the power of his state. The silent somebody that's saved a flight for whatever reason. And I've seen no support, very little support in Miami from the crafts I agree. And it's really tight. Oh, they haven't just, you know, this is a 30th page story. Anytime this stuff comes out, it's been going on for 20 months. I'm just talking about the episode yesterday, which for all we know is unrelated, at least as best as we can determine. But I'm just talking about the ongoing saga of a witch hunt against somebody who is in the media is controversial. And I guess there are some people who say, well, you're just looking for publicity. I don't need that kind of publicity. You know, I'm the first one who would wish that it would go away and never come back. So I'm not looking for publicity, but for quite out loud when this kind of a suppression goes on and kind of witch hunt is going on right in their own midst. And the people in television haven't done one minute to the best of my knowledge about any of this. Not one of the local TV stations has done one second on any of this witch hunt. Well, they were, yeah, the other night inside, story brought it up somewhere. No, they didn't, he wasn't part of the story. They mentioned it well, they, well, they used the U of a year ago. It was a good piece, but again, it certainly was not about the witch hunt. Well, I think they're also afraid of the financial aspect of lawsuits and the stallers. Very persistent. I think because the possibility of what you're doing, he just might find himself at the other end of the lawsuit. The radio station works for previously lost a great deal of money, if I understand how the rating is dropped. And a much of this was pressure to fire you or find some way to- There's no question that he destroyed almost single-handedly a business relationship between me and Guy Gannon. I mean, we had our problems already like you do with any company, but they certainly weren't extraordinary. Because I was there for four and a half years, which by most standards in this business pretty good amount of time, on both of their radio stations in a market, did extremely well on both of them. And it was only after this witch hunt started that the relationship really began to deteriorate rapidly. And again, that's, that's a violation of the law. When you interfere in people's business relationships, that's illegal. Well, certainly- On ethical, and illegal. Certainly was an attempt to interfere in mine, and cause problems with me and my employers. And again, all I can say, my only set of apparently was not being a millionaire. And I got to tell you something, I'm sick and tired of hearing how long it takes the floor to bar to do this and how long it takes. This one to do that. I mean, there are situations in this country, which is why we sought an injunction and court and date county. And the judge was too busy sleeping and waiting to go to lunch to give us any time or do us any justice. But I mean, you know, this is a kind of thing that should be put to a stop immediately, okay? And if they have to investigate all the other ramifications, fine, do it down the road. But in the meantime, put a stop to it and give everybody a breather and let us go on with our business and do our lives without this interruption and harassment. Well, what's the irritating me is it's interfering with the show? I really enjoyed it. I'd like to relax on our hearing with the show. I'll tell you one thing, when I came in here yesterday, between all of that, and then this other witch hunt that they tried and hollywood over the weekend that I found out about, I don't even think I should have been here yesterday. I really enjoyed it because there was no point in being here. Neil, I can hear it. I can hear it in your mind. It's kind of through destroying your, you can't help it have pressure on you. Let's face it. Well, the gentleman is sitting across for me, went through a week of intensive harassment and was a total basketball case. I've known him for many, many years and I've never seen him in such a mental state as he was at the end of just one week of it. So you can imagine 20 months, which comes out to 80 some weeks. You can just imagine how anybody would feel after you're this, this witch hunt that's been going on. Well, I think that you have to understand that you do have sort of support. There is public support. But I'm afraid that we're in an era now where people don't want to get involved, especially people in position, and lawsuits and lawyers and the gality, you know, it really snowballed, let's face it. And that's part of the pressure that you put on. You're being part of the legal profession. He's very much aware of this. He knows how to utilize it. And that's why he ought to be put down very quickly. He agreed with you. The legal profession, if there's anybody that should be doing something about this, they should do it immediately. Yeah, I'm wondering where all my, all these great, legal minds are in this community in date, Broward and Palm Beach counties, all these mavens, who are making millions and millions of dollars practicing law. I wonder where they are with their help and where their intervention and where their protest to the Florida bar. If they would get together and do something about this, perhaps we could, you know, do something a lot. I can't think of his industry as very proud of him. Well, if they're not very, it's one thing not to be proud. It's another thing to do something about it. And it's got to be done soon. Listen, I want to really thank you all in very much for all of the support that you've done for all of their projects with all through the years. All right. I know you're very involved socially involved in the community. And I really support you. Okay. Well, I appreciate it very much. Thanks a lot, Neil. Okay. So, 11 pass noon at WIOD. Both the Palm Beach lines are dormant in both of 278 WIOD and Palm Beach 65594. That's just really touched on something. I mean, you had your Camille's house campaign. You raised about $40,000. You tried to destroy that. Well, I know that. Well, letters too. Well, text or latent suggesting that we were sending up sanity through the US mail. Right. And could you imagine though if someone used the amount of time that's gone into this campaign for some positive end? But I mentioned good. But yesterday, I don't want to generalize. I don't see most right wingers doing those things. Most of them are too busy pointing the finger in accusing and conducting witch hunts and not involved. You know, bush talks about this nebulous thousand points of light, which nobody knows what they're talking about, including him. But, you know, as far as really getting down and involved in concrete projects and helping people who need your help and doing the kinds of things that we did with the Camille's house, you don't find it from right wingers. Many of whom are supposedly born again Christians and holier than thou. Well, they're so Christian. How come they're not involved in helping. I don't think the way he conducted himself, at least certainly in my case. And I think, I guess you're even more so in yours, has anything that it all resembles the Christianity and the spirit of love and kindness. Problem at Sanctinuna, W.I.O.D. I want to tell you about it. Call 16 at W.I.O.D. But with Paul Harvey when you need him. I just want to tell you an episode. I don't want to keep referring to this other situation. But of course, the guy made a good point. It does it. It interferes with the show and interferes with our ability to do the show. But I'm trying to think of one business that really was overwhelmed by this individual and his comments about me and all the threats and so on. Remember we used to do those appearances at E.Mac and Bollyos, the Highest Room, Store of in Lodder Hill where we had 2,000 people on two different occasions. And where they had the two biggest days in business that they ever had up there. They're out of business. They didn't advertise with us. And one of the main considerations in there, not advertising with us, were these phone calls that they kept getting from this individual, our friend down in Coral Gables. They're out of business. Anyway, just mentioned that in passing at the 1217 at WIOD, we have an open line in Boka at 2789463, Mobile and West Palm. Hello. Anyhow? Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Ever heard? Uh, Hey, this big sea from Pau, John Mumble, way down 95, where I got to take some cherry pies and a cubic. Okay. Anyway, seriously, I'm pretty real. Yeah, I'm real, seriously. I agree with the previous story. I'm a little Steve Hohontime. I'm 11 Stewart off some bogey. I used to catch on a morning show on there, you know, on that FM station. Yeah, they used to be on the area. I used to drop three of the girls on three more of the high school of Stewart, Mark County High School, and man, they go wild over here. And the oldest crap down is just taking too much in it. I think the numbers or the show that, you know, I'll just guys out here. And your audience really does enjoy. I don't understand, and then you have to say the Mr. Hedge from, who all gave us, you don't start to mention his name at all. I don't want to deepen the fine by mentioning his name, okay? I mean, I think it starts to be a truth, really. If I don't want to listen to this, this content, or it's got a goddamn dial on it, you know, and I come pop it. Well, that's the thing, you know, community standards are supposed to be one of the gauges, and obviously, is track record here, the way the audience follows him from station to station, would seem to indicate that there are thousands upon thousands of more people who agree with what he does and enjoy what he does, then there is this one individual and is rapidly diminishing legion of followers who are offended by it. And the alternative, like you said, is turn the dial. If you don't like it, turn the dial. Tom, I totally agree with it, but the point is this, that I consider myself, I don't know this guy, I really don't care about him, okay? I consider myself to be as important in life as he is. And I happen to enjoy listening to Neil Rogers and a bird, especially really better when Neil Rogers six and a more dependent, because you get out of bed and the guy makes you feel alive. I, where the hell is he get the right to come out here and tell me, and all the other listeners that enjoy Neil, that we can. Well, I'll tell you why, this is a bigger issue than that, really. And again, I like to approach this from the point of the entire broadcast industry, and I know other things rather than just the individualize it down the Neil, because when these things succeed, they tend to expand. But this is the issue. Someone I know who was involved in the practice of law, became aware and saw some of the papers that have been filed in the state's response to a lot of the charges have been filed. And he said, I don't know whether to laugh or to cry. He said, the whole thing is so ludicrous, I should be laughing. He says, but having been involved with the law, I know the amount of hours and the amount of money that these public officials, these taxpayers supported people, have to spend responding to these complaints. And he says, if the public was ever aware of what it's costing, the state of Florida, to answer to these charges, which they've said, just have no foundation. He said, there would be an uproar. It's costing the taxpayers, God knows how many thousands of dollars to moralists appease this single individual. Yeah, I can understand that because I'm sure the state doesn't do anything. We're talking about a choke court system. We're talking about police or overwhelmed with the crime problem, and they've got to run around answering to these silly allegations. Since you are in the media, more so maybe than Neil, because you're more commentary and you're read by quite a few people every day, what would you suggest that Neil or any talk show, per se, I don't care that much, sir. As Steve Gain, I really never listened to a much and told him. Not in issue with individuals. What do we do? It's not an issue of individuals. It's an issue of one person setting himself up with a lawyer. It's an issue of one person setting himself up with a lawyer. I'm watching it. I'm watching it. Nothing. Because this person knows how to use the law and to stay, to at least to this point, it hasn't been determined that he's done anything outside the boundaries of the law. There might be down the road. Maybe there'll be a different determination made. But as of right now, he's well within his rights and it just shows how he's not well within his mind. So that's why within his rights and he never has but within his rights to harass people, it's not that he's done that. You know, it has been very clearly determined that he's done it. The fact that it hasn't gone to court yet is one thing. But to say that he's well within his rights to call people and threaten to hold press conferences and expose them for advertising on obscene and pornographic radio shows, that's not acceptable. To take people's words and twist them and manipulate them and lie about the intent of what somebody says on the year. That's not within his rights. That's not the first amendment. That's butchering the first amendment. And Neil, can I say one thing now? Yeah. I listen to you as much as I can. Unfortunately, I run a business and during the day is rough from ten to two, but I'm the road like I am now. You're constantly on a radio, okay? I think it's unfair and away. You're probably. And I consider myself to be on your public. I really don't know who to help you talking about that. And I don't like to eat. Can I call Tom Jick up at the paper tomorrow and find out who this guy is? I don't like to know. It's been reported in all the papers. I'd rather you didn't do that for the very reason that he might then twist it and claim that I've been cited you in some way. I thought it's right in a harass him. It's been well-mentioned in the papers. Tom, how do somebody in this and story where we get to movie Stuart News and then, you know, a Palm Beach post which is next to dead? How does he find out how to carry out the hardest guy? I'll tell you what. You call me at the paper and I'll read you the story out of the newspaper. That's all I'll do. And what I said before, all I was doing was giving him what he has and given other people. And that's the right of presumption until proven guilty. I happened to agree he's distorted and twisted and abused the law. You didn't realize he won't give him any. He will now quote you on that and say the Tom, I believe that. I didn't say legally he did. I happened to believe that he did. But I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt until a court determines that he has. No, you don't understand what I'm saying. He's going to quote you on having said that he's well within his legal rights. What are he doing? To this moment because he hasn't been found guilty of doing anything. That's as far as I go. I'm leaving Tom, that would be like saying that Ted Bundy was within his legal rights by going out and murdering people until he was caught. Well, he was innocent until he was proven guilty. I see only thing. That's the only assumption I could. The big difference in seeing somebody is convicted of doing something wrong. And somebody is within your right. I'm just, I'm disgusted by what's going on. And I have full faith that eventually the legal system will. Well, I'm glad that you do because I have no faith in the legal system. None. Zero. And I have listened to these corporate attorneys and he's washing the SEC attorneys. And I've listened to their ridiculous behavior. And I've seen the way they've made us take material off the air and coward and catered to one individual in a community. It's a individual in a community who has no more standing than anybody else. And I find it embarrassing. They're behaving very well. I agree with their cowardice and their behavior, I think, is appalling. And they have these attorneys collectively have balls, the size of peanuts. It's 24 minutes past noon at WIO. Day one and tell you about an amazing emergency medical device called life phone. And it's a little pendant that the individual wears around their neck. And if you fall down a stairway, have any kind of a medical or other kind of emergency. And it's more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610. WIO D 1228 at WIO D Tom Jick is our guest, the TV and radio writer for the Four Latterdale News. Son, send it with one of thank our friends at Flores. Yes, again, come out. The bed they came through delicious. It would have been sitting here eating and forgot all about thanking that man enough food for the Chinese. Amen. And out of somebody very quietly is already sucked up lunch completely. Meep boss, not to mention any names. Now, as I recall, when you had all the problems with the Miami news and all that, Hubbub was going on that famous week you talked about hell week. We refer to that as, as I recall the way you exonerated yourself. And got off the hook for what you did was getting a tape of Neil Rogers. I brought a tape of the program and I showed them that I hadn't done anything. One of the more ridiculous charges to show, you know, how this person operates is he wrote a letter to my superior saying, and to other people saying, did I had called him a lunatic on the air? Well, in fact, this is exactly what happened as the tape showed. Someone called up that morning on the program and said that they had watched the movie. I believe it was on child 39 and that they had heard the F word and how did the station get away with that? And I said, and this is just about a direct quote to the comma, I said, except for some lunatics who have nothing better to do with their time than to sit around and monitor television and radio stations and write complaints to the FCC, nobody cares. This individual took it to put the shoe on himself that I had called him a lunatic, which I wasn't. I was referring to a general class of people throughout the United States who said, do that type of activity. But he said, no, I had called him a lunatic and that was the extent of the letter that he sent to my superior. Thank God there was a tape of the program and I was able to show him and they realized that, yes, you know, that the whole thing. But this is how a pattern of just trying to hurt you. But that week until I got a copy of that tape, I didn't get a copy until Friday. The suspicion was there all week. And I had to live with it. And in addition to the suspicion came the stream of letters and the stream of letters followed by follow-up letters from some of the people who are contacted by this person. And again, what did I do? Well, I guess that my sin was coming on the Neil Rogers show and not following into line on his campaign. Okay, in 1230, in WIOD, we have an open line in Bokka, 2789463, it opening in Palm Beach, 655, WIOD. Miami, hello. Hey Neil, and Tom and the bird, how y'all doing? I hope you're doing okay. He has destroying your show, though, by one reasoning. He's making you discuss this and it's taken away from the fun. He usually have an essence. He's going to end up driving people away because they're going to get, I know standably so from your standpoint. I mean, you've got to talk about this, but you understand what I'm saying? Oh, absolutely. There are no questions about it. You're not only that, but they've already taken a lot of our material out of here that we were playing earlier with their full approval. And, you know, he's being allowed to have the same kind of killing. Why didn't you let me finish the sentence player? She's being allowed to have the same kind of chilling effect on the content of this program that he was allowed to at the other station. And the bottom line is that none of the material that we played over there was found to be obscene or improper at WIOD and Z. There's absolutely nothing in their SEC file and they investigated it completely. There was nothing wrong with it then. There shouldn't be anything wrong with it now. And that's why when you're dealing with cowardly attorney sitting up in Washington, you wind up sacrificing and giving and in caving into one fanatical individual, and that is sinful. It's absolutely unacceptable. Well, that's exactly what happens to me in the one instance where there was an apology printed in the paper. It was done because again, in a attorney who said, Tom, you didn't do anything wrong, but let's take the course of least reason. That's always the attitude. Let's take the course of least resistance. Let's cave in. Let's back away. Let's run away. And it doesn't do any good because when you will overnight, the material he abgenced to on Monday on Tuesdays got a whole no batch of material, because that's the way a witch on works. Okay? I just never stopped. I just can't understand how this person. I mean, if it was proven once not to be obscene or bad or anything, how can he continue to intimidate another, I mean, another station, you just bring him a file. It says, he looked, they just he investigation once. It was not proved to be something. Because as I explained it, I can explain it in my case. What the attorney told me says, Tom, you did nothing wrong. You'd be exonerated and 75 to 100,000 dollars later. You would find that out. Well, radio stations are in business to make money. Newspapers are in business to make money. And I don't have that kind of money to spend. This is unbelievable. I just cannot believe that this is going on. And when jet- I can't believe that the people in the legal profession in this community are sitting back on their collective asses because it reflects on each and every one of them when somebody who is a member of their little post-returnity is behaving like this and conducting a witch hunt. And when they're not focusing the spotlight and doing everything in their power to stop it, it reflects very poorly on each and every single one of them. And it also reflects very poorly on the judge and date county who sat half asleep during our hearing when we asked desperately for an injunction against this and was more interested in going to lunch than giving us a fair hearing and listening to really what the facts were in a game. Exactly. And if you want to dump my name, you can. My name is Kevin Coleman. And I wrote a letter. I don't know if the Mr. Disney showed it to you or not. I did read it letter several weeks ago. I do work nearby one of your sponsors, the pizza loft. And I've started frequently there and Mr. Cohen, the owner. I've become a regular customer of his and he knows who I am and he knows how I learned and how I have started supporting his business and the reason. And I have been asked him, has he had any harassment? He said yes, he's even had harassment. That's because he's a sponsor. My friend in every single sponsor, it advertisers on this show is harassed and threatened and intimidated. And thank goodness most of them have the courage to tell us individual to take a flying leap because they advertise for results and we get them all tremendous results. And that's why they advertise not because they're here to be fans or anything else. They advertise because we get them tremendous response. But believe me, I went there because I had heard it on your show. But I wouldn't have gone back if I didn't like the food. The food there is tremendous. And it is somebody that should be, but you shouldn't go somewhere just because, you know, at a spite of this person, but you should go there also because these places are good, good establishments to go. And I know that Neil has enough credibility that he would not put somebody on there. He did not believe in it. And I just can't believe that this is being allowed to go on. And I just can't, I can't. Well, I know you're speechless and so on. I appreciate your support, but I understand that you're apoplectic and believe me. If you think you're apoplectic, you can imagine how I feel, especially when I'm constantly being told. You know, it's like the same pattern unfolding again in the beginning. It's complete support worth 1,000 percent behind you. We're this and we're that. And then all of a sudden little bits and pieces of material start disappearing. And then there's the discretlement with the fact that the legal bills are mounting. And they point you all boy, this is costing us a fortune and legal. Well, you know, the bottom line is somebody has to have some backbone somewhere and stand up and say, we're not going to take it anymore. And we're going to turn the tables around and we're going to do everything in our power. You use all of the resources. This company's only worth two and a half billion dollars. The sisters you talked about. Why don't have to. Why don't have to. Four and a half billion dollars. Take those resources and turn them full blast against this because this is Spaces and it's got to stop, okay? And if they aren't willing to do it, I'll find somebody who is. It's 1236 at WIOD. The winning can take call 39 at WIOD. Our guest is Tom Jika. We're here primarily to talk about radio and TV. All always seem to be all over the place here today. We have an open line in date 751 9463. And one of course in Palm Beach we can't cut it with Lee up there 655 WIOD. A mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon. The old. Last time I talked to you, you were doing nights and you were fighting a bill that would have put health suit stores out of business. I gave you a call and gave you a list of all the names of the South Florida legislators who sat on the committee that was hearing the bill. And your listeners called in and the bill was killed. Last time I talked to Tom, we were trying to say, it's a wet camera. I think on ABC. I just wanted to offer a couple of things. First of all, I'm Chairman of the Board of our local young Republicans club. I was part of the machinations behind the Rogers Pain Act that... Well, we appreciate that, by the way. Well, we're going to file a resolution tonight. We've got a wire meeting and we're going to file a resolution tonight supporting you and Steve. I think one way of fighting this guy and I'll be more than happy to add my name to his enemies list. One way that we can fight this guy is where he lives and he lives in right wing circles. He lives in Republican circles. I think if we show a tangible that his base is even beginning to a road that he might start smelling the coffee and knocking this business off. I think you've probably created a modest syndrome. That's my opinion. Well, I know that these people also thrive on persecution, but I think if we show that right-thinking people, you'll figure the expression right-thinking people everywhere to test what this guy is doing that at least we'll build so much popular support across the board for the concept of what you guys stand for that he'll find that the percentages aren't in his favor at all. I might suggest another thing too, Neil. What about starting something called the first and the fund that everybody in South Florida could contribute to to help pay for the legal expenses when he read you guys are up against the wall? Well, I know, I just don't think that that would be ethical at all because I'm a private individual and this is a private corporation and for better or worse, we're going to have to take care of our own legal fees which are astronomical by the way. But I just don't think that that would be ethical and according to broadcast, you know, ethics I just can't see doing that. Yeah, I can understand that. I'd sure love to spend especially for a company that's got assets of $4.5 billion. I think it would be pretty, you know, with people sleeping on the streets and starving, I mean, I don't mind, you know, I love raising money for causes like that, but to expect a public to subsidize this defense against this witch on that just I don't think it would be appropriate. Again, I bring up the point of the thing that's amazing is that everybody is listening to this program and is appalled by what's going on and who enjoys this program. And all just stands for the basic principles of free speech is supporting the other side of this campaign through their tax dollars because it's tax dollars that are being used to investigate all these complaints, however lacking in substance they might be. Yeah, it's so unfortunate. You know, I can't help but think of the tables we're turned and let's just say that the people for the American way were trying to get the way John Broward off the air. You notice that never happens by the way. Right. You notice that people on the left for all the accusations of communism and socialism and all that. Those of us on the left have never been engaged in that kind of activity of trying to deprive anybody with a different point of view from speaking out. You know, our young Republican club has had a phone run in with with this individual and our newspaper that we published monthly. We went through to little little snippet that was taken as being unkind toward Mike Thompson. But a week after the publication and distribution of the newspaper we got a letter from this individual stating they were going to take us to court unless we printed a retraction. What we did was we allowed him to print his comments which were published in the following month's newsletter after those comments have been heavily edited by our own staff. So we've had our own run in with this guy and I just think it's so unfortunate. So unfortunate and right thinking people everywhere. We've just got to keep up that letter writing campaign and what the station knows that there's that we're behind you guys and we also have to patronize your advertisers to show them that there that we're behind them as well. Isn't it interesting that as this thing unfolds that what's emerging is a pattern that one person has set him up on an out of the way. And I'll give you a you know the again the audience may tear hearing some of this but to me it's important that they understand just how deep and how far and how pervasive this which how does gone give you an example because it included even stand major when we were overworking for getting it and stand had a theme one probably the most creative thing that Jay Michael's ever done in his life that thing was to the tune of my girl you stand major theme okay where they would sing stand major and so on we used to play it it was just a historically funny and well done piece of music it was a song parody which the comedy networks that are all around the country professional comedy networks that radio stations subscribe to do song priorities very often they don't waste time getting clearance because it's just it's not done for profit it's just on for human entertainment it's not something that sold in a record store or anything like that it is traditionally part of the business okay that people just spoke other people's work and don't have to worry about getting clearance while it seems that our friend took the time and he's done this I don't know how many occasions he did it with the Neil Diamond piece the Jay America didn't kneel in the morning took the time to write to Motown and let the know that we were stealing this work of the temptations and doing the song parody without paying the rights for etc to the point where we received threatening letters from the legal people with Motown and we had to stop it of course keep in mind that he does it on the legal letter had his an attorney again and you know and again the the comment from it while trying to make Neil Rogers obey the law it's got nothing to do with the law it's got to do with what is accepted and common practice in this business and that is that song parodies and spoofs and takeoffs like that are done routinely without any red tape and without any clearance that's just part of the standard of the industry okay you've got to as along to the comments I made that he that he twisted and destroyed and sent to people they were said they were said and just so when it was started so when it starts affecting even the material even harmless material that we can play on the air and limiting to a great degree the the sphere of material that we can use for humor and her time and what have you you bet your life that's interfering with our right to do business and our right to to make a living yeah and so you've got the new piece to the the killing of Georgie which I think is brilliant and uh... it's just to see how long it takes for that letter to go out yeah well that's the truth uh... i just you know i just want to reiterate that there are a lot of people out there behind you is this i was having a new dryer delivered yesterday and i had you on and uh... delivery guy came in and said boy and it incredible what they're doing in the old and i said you got that right pal yeah well we'll see you know again this company's been very good and very supportive at least to this point i'm a little bit nervous because i've been through the same experience with gannard before and i'm trying to compare the two companies because gannard is a mom and pop operation compared to cucks but i still notice is certain amount of wavering and nervousness and that especially with their attorneys in washing and and back away from this and back away from that i'm not going to back away from anybody okay i'm sick and tired of being a put on the defensive and backing away we haven't done a god damn thing wrong on the year over the last two years i haven't done anything wrong over the last twenty nine years that i've been in this business whatever i've done on the year has been entertainment has been educational has been whatever it's been well within the bounds of FCC guidelines which i think i understand better than some of the people in upper level management so you know people think that i'm going to continue backing away and backing away and back in a way they're in a dream work because it ain't going to happen just isn't going to happen that's right um what do you think of the idea of a private individual party not connected with the with the radio or TV industry putting a fund together i kind of agree with what neals that i think there are better causes that you could give your money to yeah i just think that you know can we couldn't possibly borrow tomorrow support is fine i just i i kind of applaud what you're doing because i agree with you that this man travels and right wing circles and i think that you know as i said the thing that's eventually going to turn the the tide i think is when the circle narrows the such an extent that he's talking to himself yeah good point okay we appreciate your help believe me thank you thanks a lot pro 48 a wio d i want to tell you about the pizza lofts fast facts ok i'll give you a wio d i was lunchtime terrific boy thanks to those people i'm hanging i got a second one yes yeah okay we have an open line in date county 751 wio d 7519463 tom jika is here for the duration my amy hello yeah i'm hanging in there man i'm hanging good man say i just have a brief statement to make it hope you can bear with me you know i think that you really ought to be ashamed to yourself that that you have opinion that you stand up for what you believe in and that you even try to lead the semi normal life yeah you know i mean that's disgusting you know i don't know these goddamn douchebags don't get their heads out of their right and smell the roses instead of smelling what they're smelling well i am referred to by this individual and letter after letter to people like George Steinbretter and people like Sam jank of it you have him as a dangerous social path now if i'm dangerous i'd sure like to see the track record of all the harmful and dangerous things that i've done in my lifetime i'd like to see what they are i'd like to see this documented well you know you are kind of scared me to because one would think that you might think this is America you know well it is pretty revolutionary when you live in this town you're right you're getting carried away i don't read like expecting business cards you know to same kind of unrealistic attitude well i've got to have the same and you're in there like i'd like to have a good one yeah three open lines one and day one and brown one of course in palm beach with time jacum just finishing up lunch so don't mind me plantation hello yes yeah i don't buddy okay very sorry if we saw this there and i know the pepper's ready to go in from now but before i talk about this is a true apply a way to get the your company support behind you and i really don't want to go to live on the air if you like to go back with your next uh... my number but back to what happened the other night uh... you were lucky in a way that that's all came forward okay oh you better life i was sure okay we're gonna be a little and on uh... you know on the mention work went out to probably all the other police was in this great town we live in with you to take down a long time okay they will now try to arrive to you and everything you do and i think it will be watching you will be doing everything in that power to pop you to get your name back in the news so like uh... what you have to do just a bit every little more and do everything you have i'm thinking very seriously going for the operation because i got to do pop i have the two puppies and i got to get them fixed anyway so i think i'm gonna see if i can't get like a three for one deal but now what's i had the operation of the real mellow and i want to be interested in any of those uh... you know sexual things and i just uh... mellow out you know you know whatever i think the be very candid very serious we're lucky in a way because what they would have done tonight sort of happening a lot of times the prostitute stoke dealers weren't even dealing with or even working tonight the prostitute they just sent a plant in that they set up uh... paid people was set in the plant plant those say anything he wants to say into a word against it yeah no question about the question about it so the other thing to get the support of your station and the is going to work then if someone would like to call me a living will live up in jackarata and as a way to do it a way to get the support that you need the letter writing you know people hate the right letters is just the idea sitting down a right people are too busy but there's way where everybody will give you to some of the way can we discuss it on the air well and uh... the thing it is you heard well everything you have to do in life that the door people okay you just can't get the letters you got to have you're a multi-cake coming down there to show support anything to bring people out master people will do we saw a one-on-one became we saw a little with him to be so we saw a lot of people people of you the way we do and they really want to support you and they don't want you up the air they got to get in the car come down there and they got to let these people in your management know they can't stand for it again you're in a hick-time with long-tenth now that's why they don't go out to how it's burned in the europeus how it's burned his company usually stands behind him okay and nobody is really going to have a little you think on a half of the issue that up to the right you came out with your own personal life you told the world what you are people are like that people want to live in closet you know that there won't people be in closet so everything is piety and me but if you can get support with a multi-cake down there this will work because if people are going to see support there are a lot of you are listening to all over the town everybody tells me every day we love the al-rogacy say to them why don't you do something for what are we going to do we ain't got time to write letters we don't have time to do this we don't have time to do that but if we came to an organized place they don't have time to write a letter how they're going to take time to get in their car and drive all the way down here for Hollywood and plantation and tamarack in candle I'll tell you why because people around the drive and write and people around the get up to report and sit down right because they feel that's an individual thing and maybe they can't do anything we want it to pass support I thought it had a good idea I appreciate your suggestion I'll give it some thought I have my doubts because I think that once you try to concrete large numbers of people like that it's some their insurance considerations and all kinds of possibilities is somebody disrupting it just a kind of thing that the distributors look for so your intentions are very good you know the bottom line is this ratings came out the new trends in Friday I don't think this time period on the end but it's not that we're still from Alec Burke you know not all of that number is ours and yet we still have probably the highest number the station is ever had in midday I'm just looking here at 25 to 54 is a 6.9 number 2 in a market which is the highest certainly they've ever had in midday and history of the station I'm talking about and number one in men with an 8.8 okay in all of all of the stations so that's there the building is record breaking on through the roof on this program and on the entire radio station so it's not as though I should have to and I would come in and try to do a job every day it's become much more agonizing and much more difficult as this stuff continues compounding and as the delay continues and trying to see some kind of beginning of a resolution to it and you know the bottom line is is there going to be some swift and some real strong and you know some real supportive response to it or are we going to continue sitting back at the place and you know the and you know the right on ahead keep advising all play at safe and back away and don't play this and don't say this and don't do that are are we going to be guided by that kind of nervous and I approach by a bunch of simple mind to do spags up there or are the people going to really you know grow some gross and balls and and really say hey we're going to do what the hell we know is right period and that's the end of conversation okay and I got news for I've seen it a two different corporations these attorneys that sit up there and watching and built these corporations millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars every year what they're doing is unconscionable absolutely unconscionable because they are taking away not only from the companies they're taking away from the public they're right to what they consider to be entertainment absolutely and I'll stand by anything that I have ever said on a year any material that we've ever played on a year anything that we play now out of this rack or anything that we've played on each of the other two radio stations I've been all over this country I've heard the Howard Stearns and I've heard the Steve dolls and I've heard those two Wackos and Houston and I've heard all the different guys Gary D and the grease man and all these people and I am telling you that anything the wildest stuff that we've ever done pales into in significance including some of the stuff that goes on right next door here in the morning between six and ten a.m. with Herman McBean okay and I'm Karen affair and I'm inside addition and no question about it so you know that's really the bottom line I don't want to waste the whole time I see it's what will be next as I told Steve if he got Neil off he can say after you next and you were right okay we have an open line in date county tell me whether still to us away of one more hour TV radio whatever it is a 751 9463 751 Wiod and if I can find we got so much paperwork here man it is ponderous on Steve showed today Patrick sessions the father of Tiffany sessions has been missing since the ninth of February and Wayne Black who's the lead investigator in that case will be Steve's guest this afternoon and then on sports talk tonight 605 Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hurtion I wonder what they're going to be talking about on sports okay how many guests have you ever had a new coach and then you have something like that okay anyway stick around we've got April worth them with a 1 o'clock Wiod news and we'll come back with Tom Jicken your calls in 105 presents Neil Rogers to get a touch in talk call 751 Wiod D&A 524 Wiod D&Brower or 655 and 278 Wiod D&B on beaches other days make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 Wiod but anyway it's 105 Wiod Tom Jicken's here is a gazent and public is they say in Chinese pulled of the girls and they're lunch from floriz and we're going to go back to your calls in for Loderdale hello hi I have a whole bunch of things that I've been writing down as I've been writing down on the last few weeks and if you just give me the time I'd really like to say them because I'm real nervous and this is the first time I've called first I'd like to ask you in time what you think of the show night caller i don't mean I call you it not caller I like I saw a few minutes of it I just couldn't get into it I like it a lot okay I think it's a really good show and I think we had more shows like it and seen there and L.A. Law on that type of thing I think maybe we wouldn't have the I think Gary calls to Rific he's on a movie this coming Sunday and I have two program called Oshywif behind okay I think if we had more shows that we're of that quality we probably wouldn't have the talk shows like the crime things and well no I don't I don't agree with you that you really don't know I think like I said before people always want to look at the people's keyholes I just just human nature the national inquire has been around for what thirty forty fifty years make make a fortune people are always interested not the people's dirty laundry that's true but they do get repetitions and boring after a while never enough that they don't succeed well that's true also what do you think of Larry King Larry King I don't think of Larry too much Larry's okay you know I don't listen to his program I've met him a few times at the racetrack I'd breakfast one day at his agent's house he's a decent enough guy I wouldn't get a check for him I just meant to talk show I didn't necessarily want his background okay also Neil as far as all of this fabric that's going on with you I really feel bad about it and I think it's the best thing which if we were not on the air I could probably use some stronger words but I do have something to say to your station that I feel that you have brought their ratings up and if people don't want to listen to you and I know this has been said a number of times if they don't want to listen and they don't like what you're saying then they can turn the dial this is a free country and you should be able to say what you want to say as long as you're not breaking the law and we all know that you're not you just have to have one little miserable person who just has nothing else to do with his time and his brain is probably bleached out by the sun and I think if your station is going to be behind you and supported you they're ratings would probably go through the ceiling because everybody that knows you really appreciate what you are doing and would probably appreciate if they stood behind you and the only one that's going to make anything out of this is the lawyer. Yeah well the lawyers are making a fortune out of it and they got those meters running 24 hours a day seven days a week and just you know again I think some of them giving you extraordinarily poor advice and you know and if we continue bending and yielding and backing away then we're not going to have anything left here anyway. I mean if we don't have our show then there's nothing so they can pay me one thing they don't understand about me with this company they can pay me ten million dollars a year okay and it doesn't it doesn't make any difference if you can't live your life and if you don't have any peace of mind and if you're you're under constant harassment and dearest it doesn't make any difference that you're being well paid okay you have to have some certain degree of sanity or it's useless okay. I agree with you there's also one other thing you know there are a lot of people out there that are on the road and do sales for living and it's your show and a lot of shows like you if they don't listen to you I'm sure there are other talk show host that they would rather listen to than some of your young music that's on and it's very entertaining when your stuff on i.e. ninety-five to be able to sit there and last at one of your little uh... musical tidbits that you play I mean some of them are just so fabulous that we just look at each other say oh my god that is such a riot and people who are stuck in traffic or even people in the office really appreciate these things and I think is very very unfair that one miserable person is trying to What's all the way from you? To me, that is the entire issue. That one person is trying to deprive a lot of people of something that they obviously find a lot of entertainment in, and some people might say, well, there are things, some people like child pornography. Well, it's different. Neal has been investigated now, but just about everybody that has the power to launch an investigation, it's been found that he's not doing anything that violates the law. So what it comes down to is one person saying, I'm going to decide the tens of thousands of people what they can hear. And that is the thing that bothers me. All personalities aside, as a follower of television and radio, someone who writes about it, the idea that one person could put himself in that position is just a part of me. Well, he's thrilled with that. I mean, he's going to be thrilled with the ultimate outcome. OK, I'll guarantee you that you go to the bank or you may take a long time, but one to fight the flow of the bar takes the appropriate action. And once the civil courts take their appropriate action and put a stop to it, he isn't going to be pleased with that outcome. OK, just prolonging the inevitable. Oh, I just hope that your station stands behind you because if they don't, they would be very, very foolish, not to, but because you definitely have your public behind you, whether you have your station or not. And it would only do a discredit to them if they didn't stay behind you on this. And I wish you all the luck in the world. And if there's anything that any of us can do out here, we would be more than happy to help you. And I'm sure I'm talking for a whole bunch of people. OK, I appreciate it. OK, stop. So 11 after one at WIOD, we have an open line and Broward 5249463 Tom Jick is with us till 2. And I want to tell you right now about now, more with Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 6th, WIOD. 114 at WIOD with Tom Jick, we have a chronic radio personality on 4. Hello. Hello, Neil, it's the first time to call her. Yeah, first time today. OK. Hey, bird, hi, Tom. How are you? Good. I do things. One, is it true that the management of IOD has written a link on backing you on this deal? No, I haven't said that. I don't want to give anybody to wrong impression. They haven't re-nigged on backing me. It just that, you know, I'm not asking. I'm not asking. I'm not asking. I'm not asking. I'm thinking you did something to tell you. Oh, there's a lot of stuff that we had to take out. Yeah. Well, you know, based on the advice again of their Washington attorneys, and I'm going to say it again, the Washington attorneys, I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole lot of them put together because they're all a bunch of scared rabbits. How long we know that? Yeah. Isn't it amazing that your higher attorneys to defend you and the first thing they usually tell you is do this to avoid us having to go to court? Well, they want the first thing they ask you is for the money. The second thing they ask you is, how do I get through this? We're not having to do any paperwork. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, secondly, you know, your bits are not any worse than the songs that are played on 90% of the radio stations in the city. If you listen to the words in the songs that I play, then everybody else play. Well, there's one now, while thing that's fairly wild. Well, there's a whole microphone look. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, if you heard the words in the songs that everybody plays in this city, I mean, and don't you find it amazing that the same individual is taking so much of his valuable time to document everything that we play on this show isn't documenting the lyrics to all those songs that have been played all in a radio station. I'm not interested in my show. There was seven in the right down the words of the song that played. I believe it will be shocked. Good. We invite him to do a power 96. Yes, just come right on. Whether we're your name is. OK. All right. Secondly, a warning of sorts. Don't get the Lenny Bruce syndrome. You know what happened? You know, he. Well, I know what happened to Lenny Bruce, but I don't know what you mean by Lenny Bruce syndrome. Well, the Lenny Bruce syndrome was that he got so involved in trying to defend himself that you forgot the other thing. Yeah. Well, I understand that. We started out here doing a show about radio and TV in cable here today. And that's what we're talking about. The first hour I'm in. I'm not saying you're doing that. My interest to match me. What I'm saying is that it. If it was me, I know I'd have to watch that because I'd want to come up with a soap box and do that disguise home number and jump this case. Mm-hmm. And probably would. Well, we'll see if he comes after you done. Well, I, every fine. OK. Good light. Hi. Hi. 116 at Wild. We have an open line in Broward. 5249463. 524Wild. Well, you're talking about kicking a hornet's nest, huh? Yeah. Mm-hmm. How about he makes an excellent point? And that is, and we've documented all that stuff. Bill wise, and we had to go through the trouble. I say, we, they had to go through the trouble. I'm going through a whole long list of a lot of these records that are being played on FM. All over this market today. With lyrics that are so far beyond anything that we would be dream of saying on this show, or have a headset on this show, in response to all of the FCC stuff. And they've got it all listed out. And, you know, you can imagine what a laborious job that is just like our friend going through lyrics of all of those things that we played, some of which are pages long and typing out word by word. Pettled and you know, it's just a go. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. No, that's a good point. Something to a pond or a... Yeah, my Emmy. Hello. I'm here. Yes, we're here. Bill. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. Just want to press this before I ask the question. You know, I never listened to any radio before my wife until you came on the year. And that only happened because somebody stole my radio out of my car and that's all I had left. Yeah, well, we have a lot of that going on. We're getting a lot of FM radio stolen on a curse, so people will be forced to tune in this show. Well, I'll say I plan it happen because I really enjoy your show. And not only do I feel for you right now and what's going on, but I feel for myself. Because I love listening to you show. It's a pleasure every day to listen to some fun. And right now, you know, what was with your and is a lot of controversy versus that saying that's weird. Well, no, I agree with you. I think that the show is slowly but surely be taken away from us and, you know, there would be probably people and management say, well, you know, just to stop talking about it, but you reached the point psychologically where this becomes so overwhelming over everything else that until there's at least some sign of some light at the end of the tunnel or some beginning of it that, you know, it keeps coming up just like it did today with Tom. It comes up during the course of the conversation and then the audience jumps in on it. And that's what we've been talking about for the last hour and a half. Yeah, just like myself, I mean, I've never called before, but I'm calling now because I really felt like I needed to say something. And, you know, it's like I tried to call before. I could never get through you, why, and through Jim. I called twice and got through today, which is just, make a sub point that people aren't calling as much right. What do you mean, your call on every line? How do you mean this is the second time I've had you on? No, no, no. I called once and accidentally would disconnect it. Oh, I'm produced. Well, the lines are awful right now. And look to me like they're not. Oh, well, you know, I just unusual for me to get through to you. I guess what I'm saying, and maybe I'm just taking that point a little too far. But, you know, normally when I listen to club shows, it's all these heavy duty issues. So I don't want to hear about. I want to listen to getting detained and I think you in the bird to a great job doing that. But the question I wanted to add to Tom was, and I think I may have to get him because he might be able to be able to move more objective. It's what can we do to help? Well, nothing. I mean, you know, people have done it. You know, we already went through that phase. You know, try to get people to write letters and send facts messages on a facts machine and so on. And like I said the other day, for a couple of days, there was an enormous response. And then no matter how many times I would bring it up again, just in passing and say, hey, you know, don't just stop now. It's just down to a trickle. Or basically, everybody who is the type of individual who will allow themselves to be motivated to take the time, the five minutes to sit down, a write letter and put it in envelope and stick a stamp and mail it. Those people basically are exhausted. And the overwhelming of the majority, the rest of the people, even a one to enjoy these shows a lot, they're just not of the nature that they're going to take the time to do it. That's just human nature and it's unfortunate. But they're not going to do it. And ultimately, this won't be decided by letters written. It will be decided probably in the courts. And the letters you would suggest direct to the station. Well, I would also suggest letters to the Florida Bar, okay? Okay. Because you know, I've heard a lot of people do it to just in the, I really just didn't hear it. Well, that's why I think most of the pressure needs to be exerted is directly at the Florida Bar because, you know, in their address again, is a sweet four, or let's see, it's four, 44, Brickle Avenue, sweet two eleven Miami and as if code is three, three, one, three, one. And you don't have to be an attorney to pass comments along to the Florida Bar. If you think a member of the illegal profession is stepping out of his bounds or acting on ethically or violating the illegal code, you have just as much right as a citizen to write to them as anybody else does and say that they ought to be investigating it and doing something about it. That's where the first, I mean, the court things, those suits can drag on man for years in court. And so, you know, if you want forever, especially when you're dealing with somebody who's an attorney and can handle his own case, he can drag that thing on forever. But the kind of immediate relief we need is something from the Florida Bar where they can look into this and see the kind of threats and harassment and they misuse of illegal ethics that's gone on here and do something about it immediately. You like him, we'll be back to normal because they love each other. Okay, thanks a lot. Now, that makes a whole bunch of us, okay. Twenty two past one, Wiod. We'll see, I'll be honest with you. And I've tried to convey this to the powers that be in our been countless meetings. See, when I meet with the general manager of this radio station, there is not a single time, not a single time that I meet with Mike Disney when this isn't the topic conversation. Not a single time ever, ever. When this isn't the topic conversation, we should be talking radio. We should be talking about, it's a station. We should be talking about what make the show better, what we need, what we can do, you know, what's happening on the radio station. Those are the kinds of things we ought to be talking about. We're preoccupied with talking about all this sewage and that's exactly what it is. And the same thing is happening to the show itself into the radio station. And it's horrendous. It's horrible. It's horrible. It's horrible. Well, we started out, you know, this is, you know, other than the first couple of minutes when I let you, you know, disclose what happened to you during that week, that last October. And we got away from that. We talked about what's happening in radio, which is in much and what with the TV and cable and so on. And now the last hour and a half, this is all the people want to talk about. But I would much prefer not to talk about it. I'd much prefer not to deal with it, not to hear the letters, not to hear any of the material, not to be overwhelmed with attorneys. Let those people who are paid to deal with those things deal with it and let us do a radio show. And don't keep telling us, you know, well, gee, they'd lawyers don't want you to play this. They don't want you to play that. And, you know, leave us alone. Let us do a show. We know what we're doing. We got the numbers here to back it up. I got a track record tomorrow. It's 13 years in this market. I would be exception of a couple of times when a pulp came to town in the Catholic Church tried to flex their muscle and get me off the ear, which were very short-lived and very unsuccessful. But with the exception of that, I don't have any other problems with the exception of this witch hunt. Okay? That's a long time to be on ear in this market 13 years and to be number one for 10 years on five different radio stations in three different time periods. And basically, have only one individual wants to conduct a witch hunt. Right, Kes McCartyism. So if those individuals who are getting an I keep hearing about all this gigantic money that the corporations pay at all these lawyers, let them pursue it vigorously and quickly and responsibly and take care of all of this other business. And I don't want to hear about it. And I don't want to have to discuss it. And that's the way I feel about it. You know, I keep hearing this individual saying, oh gee, wish he would leave me alone. He's persecuting me. I've been delighted to leave that individual alone for 20 months now. I have no desire to mention him. His name is family. Anything on the ear. If you go away and find something useful to do, which he seems unwilling to do. It's 124 at WIOD. If you're missing out on the sports channel of Florida, then you're really on Gledi could get a hold of 126 at WIOD. Tom Jick is our guest. Here's a mobile in Broward. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I followed you around the dial since I lived in Miami. I've been here 17 years. I followed you when you're at W and W asked you everywhere else you've been. This is the first time I've ever called you. And I think there are probably many people like me out here. I think that we should get behind you. I don't want you to call in, but do the letter writing and so forth. I don't think he's exhausted the facts and the letter writing yet. And I know from my point of view you haven't. So you're going to get a letter from me tonight. Another part of this, too, is we've talked about your sponsoring attack and being intimidated. Better who are the sponsors of this man? You know, I mean who is behind him? I haven't got any idea. I don't know if this is strictly a one man band or if there's somebody else pulling the strings or subsidizing it. I have no way of knowing. And that's the amazing part of this whole deal is that, you know, I've been investigated by everybody who's ever been born on the planet. And yet nobody, here's the guy who ran for state attorney. Number one law enforcement office in date county, the largest county in the state. And yet the news media did a patheticly pitiful job in exploring this individual's background. And I've written 51,000 votes if my memory is correct. My opinion of that is that he intimidated them rather than deal with his nonsense. What if you wrote any, but don't you think when somebody wants to say the attorney, I have a right to know who that individual is. What is background news? You should know how many times I spoke up in our newsroom and said that it was disgraceful that we were advocating our duty that someone was running for office that had a background that people at least would be interested in. They could make their own judgments on it. But they should know about it. And they didn't do it. And I firmly convinced. I can't agree. I can't agree. Like what I think that they were intimidated. They were afraid to print his background because they knew that he would harass them the way he's harassing. Isn't that a great show? I can't think of a single candidate that was running that did not have something about their background surface yet. I heard his ads from the radio. I never heard a single retort about him or anything contradicts about him at all. Everybody else was kind of a lies was laid open the varying. As it should be, and somebody's running for public office. I don't know about him except what he had to say about himself. Another idea, and I'd like you to check with your legal staff or maybe an alternative legal staff and why do what you're responding. Who, what can the listener out here do? It's basically different franchise in the whole process of exception of calling and writing a letter. What can we do in terms of something like a class action food? I mean, I feel like I have rights as they can print it on and damage by this individual. And I would like to know if there are many other people like me out here. I've had people write me letters suggesting the same thing. And I just, I don't know where to go with that. Maybe our attorney norm can't might have to my dears. He's certainly well versed in the law. But again, unfortunately, you know, the legal people in this community would exception a norm and they seem to be in a vacuum somewhere. Well, I'm sure that there are people out there who have expertise in those areas and know about class action suits and what kind of conditions are necessary to, you know, for people to get together and file one and how you go about doing it. But again, I'm not an attorney. So I'm going to do a part. I know what we need somebody to step forward who can give us that kind of leadership as a group because we're in a more of a math out here. We have no way of rallying around that particular type of job. Yeah, that to me might really be the ultimate answer. Okay? If someone builds an airport and it's noisy, the people will get together file class action suits and interfere with that. I see this almost the reverse. We're at someone who's trying to not create noise that creates silence. And I object about, I'd like to unite with people who are so similarly. One final point too. It seems like to me, you're kind of hung out the dry. You're fighting an enemy with somewhat invisible and some respect as a person and cruel guy. But on the other hand, you know, where's your management? They seem to be invisible too. I would like to hear Mike Disney or someone from Cox get on the air and say what the position is. I hear you telling them what you wish they would do. I hear nothing back from them directly except through you. Where are they? I say to Disney, I say to Cox by casting step forward. I've been a listener of Neil for years. I've patronized the sponsor on a car phone right now. I got because of him. I go to everywhere I can go. I try to check out, you know, who's there because of WIOD. And most of the people in there that I've contacted have been in such with talk about you, talk about Steve. I think it's important to note that there's a carryover effect. What you do in your show to other shows on WIOD. And if you're damaged by this, I think part of the audience for the other shows is the damage says I would like to see the manning that step forward and not sit back in the back offices letting you take the point of the code. Well, that's up to them. We'll see what they can do. But I appreciate your call and maybe one of our legal experts out there in radio land will come out of the closet and send us a letter. Give us a call. Let us know about the client's action suit. Okay. Thanks a lot. 131 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 Miami. Hello. Yes, yes, New Stephen Com. Hi, Tom, how do you ask your question? New Stephen Com has ever feel this ago. The sports channel of Florida. Okay. I am on the Miami TCI. TCI was the biggest camel company in the country. Here, I have been calling them. I have ridden them. In fact, even on my camel bill, I say I want sports channel. I know many people in the system have called because they have, they have, you know, there's people at the camel company have called me. But for some reason, Miami TCI, the biggest woman country does not want to give her to the subscribers. I mean, what? There's not some reason. Cable companies own a piece of the sunshine cable network. It's not some reason. It's a very good reason from a business point of view. All right. Well, I have heard that many times. But the point is, we are the ones that are paying them. I mean, you know, they are paying the bill. And then you're ready to cable rates. Last month. Well, let me share it again, sir, without beating a dead horse as I do during all of their commercial call them up. You have enough of your friends to call up your cable company. But they don't go to that. Well, keep your money for this. I'll tell you something else that I found out last week, talking to the sports channel people about a piece I was writing. They just bought the company in Los Angeles that does Dodger games. And they're going to have, they're going to be many nights this year where they're going to have double head is with a met game early in a Dodger game late to riff. So that's something else that your company is shooting you out of. And all I can say is just keep raising hell. Maybe contact your congressman and say when the issue comes up, this spring in congress about allowing the telephone company into cable that you want to act favorably. And then let your cable company know that you're doing that. They're scared to death as a telephone company coming in. I guarantee you, if even the specter is risen, you'll see your cable service improved measurably. 133 at WID would Tom Jick. It's Tuesday. And I mean, it's lobster-nited shells. Those incredible live one and a quarter pound made lobsters. This interesting, they got the exact number. It says 1375 live main lobsters just boarded the morning, Delta flight out of Bangor main this morning. And they'll be, they count them like one by one. It's a rebel. They'll got names and ID cards and the Bob Yobritz and they're checking them out of the airport alone. And they'll be at the Miami International Airport this afternoon. They'll be picked up and divided among the five software to shells. They'll be UI-OND. 138 at WID. Tom Jick is our guest and here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? What I want to call about without changing the subject too much first off, I'm in support of you and anything that was ever decided can happen on support it. Secondly, for all the people that always complain about their cable companies, the best investment they can ever get is just glad to get the stuff that's satellite dish. Well, we've said that a few times. I know. I mean, the other night I happened to trip over the press conference that they had that the Cowboys had that you'd never see that on the show. Oh, hey, listen to stuff that you come across that you will never see any place in the world. Including just watching the news feeds and watching the different anchors standing around picking their nose and doing the cooking. I'm sure I'm talking about it. I'm not just to see an end stuff where you watch them feeding from Washington down to Atlanta and you watch them, they put on their own makeup on CNN because it's low budget. And you see Bernard Shaw sitting there with a mirror putting makeup on his cheeks and combing his hair and swearing it some of the guys in the background and chewing everybody on. I mean, there's so much entertainment there. Even stuff is like throw away. That's not programming. It's just incredible. The reason I called though, it seems to me now on the rating say Zay that works pretty flat all the way across the board. Yeah, it's flat. That's a good word for it. Well, whatever. But doesn't seem that the reason why is they're taking personality out of radio on some stations down. I know. Well, hi, is the hardest thing in the market. They put personality back into radio. But isn't that what's self? Well, it seems to be it's sure working for a high. So then why are these other stations? It just seems, I was, well, look at, look at, look at, look at the, look at the INZ Zay the track record. They get rid of key guys. They now use the hottest program director in the market. They got rid of Neil. You know, and they finally got everything in a lot of. They got down from that abominable six down to that one point of things that they want. You know, to me, you don't have to be a genius. I mean, seriously, it takes perfect. I don't agree with you. I think I think there's, you know, a certain, there's room for personality in certain kinds of radio. I think in music radio today, people are button-pushers and they punch up the button and they want to hear something that they recognize as something they like. And Peter Bulger is one of the most stubborn people I've ever worked with in this business. He's a nice guy, but he just stubborn and he's been failing for two years with that same thing he did in Portland, Oregon, where he was successful. This isn't Portland, Oregon. It's a totally different market. You got a different make-up hero, a different mix of ethnic people. And, you know, you have to program to what their taste are. And you were just to do it. The music is horrendous. For every one recognizable good, strong cut. There are two or three obscure cuts. That used to be the big joke over there. It has to be obscured to be a classy, unzata because that's the kind of stuff that Bulger gravitates to in a music sucks. If they were playing good, strong music, and I'm not saying this now because I'm working in this building, but when we worked over there, I used to tell him, Pete, I can punch up GTR and nine out of every ten times. They'll be playing a better record than we're playing at any given time. And that's why GTR is doing about a four and they're doing it one-six. It's the music. Well, I still think the personality comes into it. Well, let me ask you this. Now, how come the kernel was doing so well mid days of GTR? And he's over there in a morning, the big shot hot shot personality doing a one-six? Well, because they're not doing a, hey, they're not doing a music show over there in a morning. They're just mostly fun in games. They're not playing anymore music than we were. And they're doing a one-six. And the big deal out of us leaving was supposed to be, hey, now we can be Classic Rock 24 hours a day. And we can load up the morning with a lot of that great classic rock. They're not even trying to play it. Well, honestly, the reason he's not, why has a one-six is because he's not funny. He was doing well on GTR, which again proves that he didn't have to be funny. It was the music that was carrying him. You don't have to be funny to have a personality. Yeah. He was doing a music show. You can write. But it seems to me that a program director will come on now or go to his Jackson say, OK, you can or cannot back sell a record. You can or cannot do this. We want it. You can or cannot talk over the music. It seems to me that a top-notch station will pretty much form at everything a job can say. And it seems to me that's a wrong. And I just wanted to get your opinion on that, that's wrong. I don't know. The perfect mix, probably of that, is magic. They have DJs, but it's primarily music. They talk up to the records and maybe a little humorous comment here and there. I don't want to put this in any time. I don't want to put anybody down to magic, because we got some friends over there. But I don't think it makes a damn, but a different thing could take everybody on that station that interchange him tomorrow and toss the line of upside down. And I don't think the numbers would change one tenth of a point. Now it still is. Everybody listens to that station's listening for the music. Even run, Saint John. Well, I'm getting curious. I mean, Joe Johnson has a nice pattern. Everything in his applause and guy. And if you're going to have somebody, he certainly is good, probably better than most. But I don't listen to it for Joe Johnson. I listen for the music, sure. OK. OK, appreciate the call. I'm reading people up here in Palm Beach, New York, support you. Well, thank God. Thanks a lot. Thanks for your WIOD. Let's go to Palmano. Hello. Hi, Tom and Neil. Yeah. I just got a couple of quick comments about cable. Then I want to ask you about an old show that, find out if it's going to ever come out on video or if there's a way of getting... Well, Alan Burke has gone to Philadelphia. Did you hear that story by the way about the general manager and the sales manager both getting canned because they were the ones that brought him up there and he's doing so poorly that they both got fired. Right. The Dean? The Dean, yeah. Dying. All right, Dean. You were talking about continental cable decisions before. I consider myself fortunate that I have them because they're a lot better in most of the cable companies around. The one thing that does aggravate me is they call you every day, they have the sales thing that goes on and they call you and ask if you want this and that and you get it for free for this month. Well, the minute you do work because we get our TV guide to them and I live in a con of many of them, fortunately too. And once you order something like that, I kind of many am pays for the basic cable and there's a code they have to put in because when you order so many premium cables you get TV guide as a special. Well, every time you say, okay, we'll give me this, somebody forgets to put that code in the Council of your TV guide. So then it takes about four weeks to get it back again, which is ridiculous. Plus the fact is that out in the camera is where they're trying their new fiber optic cable. Yeah, why camera? Well, because if it doesn't work, if you're good, the people are so old, they'll never see the difference. Okay, like if it's a bad picture. Yeah, I really think. Ask them why you can't get sports channel and where WGN is. Yeah, WGN, that really aggravates me why you can't get that. I get the sunshine. Yeah, because again, continental, you know, got that incestuous relationship with sunshine. It's like, like, all the other cable operators do. And, you know, all the things I mentioned earlier in the commercial for this sports channel, Florida, we're not going to see. We're not going to see the NHL hockey. We're not going to see those college baseball games. And I'm not going to see a lot of the other stuff because, you know, continental is more interested in that relationship than they are giving the viewers what they want to see. That's true. And another thing I'd like to find out who the people are that are with HBO and Showtime Cinematics, the movie channel. Because these guys don't read their own schedules. I at one time had all four of those channels. And I don't know how many times a month you can turn to every one of those channels. And they'll be running the same movie. If not at the same time, a couple of minutes apart. And it's ridiculous. So I've cut it down to two and even with those two, which are not owned by each other, they still run the same movie at the same time, half the time. Well, after the major titles, no station wants to be, you know, give the other one the opportunity to say we had it first. Yeah, that's true, too. The one show that I was interested in finding out about, I think at ran either in late 50s or early 60s and Jim Davis, I believe was one of the stars was Rescuate. Remember that? Oh, wow, just vaguely. Yeah, very foggy memory. I don't think you're even going to see that in syndication. It was very good from what I currently. Maybe you're seeing it on the nostalgia channel some night. I don't know. You know, I couldn't have been on very long. I don't believe it was. I think it was maybe on two seasons. Yeah, yeah. You know, you probably, maybe you might look in a video story. Real good video story. You might find some back at ourselves. I doubt it though, yeah. And when are they going to release some of the old, I refer to them as adult cartoons because they had a lot of comments and unless you were an adult, you'd never pick it up. Stuff like Bullwinkle or Rocky. I was still around. Those, those you got to find them. I was like, I'm a pop up from time to time here and there. Yeah. Yeah, Rocky and Bullwinkle. Yeah, it's like a cult classic that, and then they all around. Wasn't Hoppy Cooper also. I don't remember that. You remember Hoppy Cooper was a great night now. And I'd be embarrassed to call up anybody and ask him when you know, I think Cooper was going to be a great day. Oh, here we have. We have the rescue aid information. Nick is brought, brought us the book. And we had to go to the book to get it, you know. So, uh, where is it? I'm going to arrest you. I'm going to get you a few eight. Uh, thirty minutes. It's now syndicated. 58 to 59. It did 73 episodes. Oh, 73 episodes. Yeah, probably would be around somewhere. Oh, I see. They turned it into a show called Emergency. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, those rescue shows, you know. Right. Yeah, they, they changed into emergency. And the funny thing about watching rescue aid is a lot of, uh, like, a huckleberry, hound cartoons when they're in a, in a fierce chase. They use this one style of chase music that they used all the time on rescue aid when they pulled out of the barn to co-act or a rescue. It was really funny. Mm-hmm. Okay. One other thing, too. Yeah. Uh, there's one area you haven't covered, Neil. I think you should get on the bandwagon and write a book so that you shouldn't be the only one on a hit list. You know, radio is not enough for you. You know, you're only getting threatened with putting Paul off the air. You should write a book like Salmon Rushdie. Yeah. I'm almost at Terran. See if that doesn't get one. 48 of W.I.O.D. want to tell you about Arpgo and the great job they do. A painting your automobile. Paint jobs from his little is 125 bucks. And I'm talking about outstanding paint jobs at affordable prices. And don't forget that great Arpgo special offer for Neil Rogers listeners. The Neil Rogers Supreme paint job. It's limited solely to their day county locations. By the way, it includes the repair of all Nixon scratches on your car. They will spray a prime sealer coating the covering the entire car. Three coats spray of your car with Paul a Euro thing. Catalyzed an animal with clear coat and Arpgo guarantees the job for three years against peeling, cracking or fading. The regular price on his Supreme paint job is 300 gas. He dodged to go to deer field. Hello. Yeah. This is property who for calling from deer field. We've been wondering where you were. I have a question a couple of questions for Tom. First of all, did any of you guys see an incredible show on TV last night called What's Allen? Wasn't that good? Honey. Well, what's that? That was like Allen watching. Yeah. It was a highlight from Eddie Murphy made it and it was funny as, oh, good. Now they're going to come back with another, uh... No, that's a one time only deal, but it was a pilot. And so, either why I would say the best chances that it aligned up on the full schedule. It got incredible reviews around the country. Uh, okay. The other question I have was about one to years. I wanted to know what you thought about that show and do you think Pat the Pat Sagex Show has any redeeming qualities? Well, it's an alternative to Cossence, the same show with a younger guy. But, uh, and as far as the one he is, the one he is suffering from the moonlighting syndrome, they can't get enough original episodes on the year. It was a marvelous show last year. It was one of my favorite programs, but it has almost as many reruns as moonlighting. And I can't understand why. I didn't catch up with it until this year. Yeah. And I haven't seen any reruns in. It's just a wonderful show. I'm saying that show is doomed, I believe. And just, uh, he's, you know, he can carry that off on a quichele for half an hour and be cute and low key and some very high humor. But to carry it off for an hour and a half, he just, it's just not there. Well, there are two reasons why he's on there. One, they want to have a present. They feel that if they can hang on for two years, three years, how other long it takes, that when Cossence leaves the air, then they'll have the number one guy on. It's the same person. If you remember Huntley and Brinkley was the number one news team on television, and Walter Cronkite was number two. And then when Huntley and Brinkley went off the air, Cronkite just inherited that deans label. And they're hoping for the same thing with Cajac. The other thing, the only other differences that Cronkite was good. Yeah. The other thing is though, that when, before they put Cajac on, they had no clearances. Like here, everybody, all the CBS affiliates were running their own programs in the 1130, whether it'd be Magnum Rhe runs of, reruns of mash or whatever. At least with Cajac, they've got about 95, 96% clearance around the country. So the network gets, they have a presence where they had none before. So for those two reasons, it's working. And you know, how well it did he all succeed? I don't know. Like I say, Cajac is exactly the same as Cosson. He's Midwest. He's totally white bread. He did. The show is structured exactly the same. He comes out. He does the mine a lot. He goes around with the band. He talks about the network. He goes over his schmoozes with a, with a guy with no personality whatsoever. And then he introduced the guest. It's just a corner of the Cosson show. And what they're hoping is that when Cosson finally packs it in, they'll be the one sitting there. Any predictions on John Rivers return? I don't think she'll do very well. John Rivers doesn't play well in large doses. Okay. Thank you. Enjoy show. Okay. Thanks. Oakland Park. Hello. In the Ohio, you're doing. Okay. Hey, Tom, I want to get your opinion on, I know you're talking about radio stations. What do you think is WKGR on beach? I don't get to hear much of Palm Beach radio because I'm still living in Dave County. I'm in the process of moving. Yeah. And I'm not in the process of moving. I'm in process of looking for a place to move too. So I don't get to hear that much of it. Good. Good standing stage. Yeah. I know the bird has high confidence. They've always liked them. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like they play good music. And all that and they're not full of bunch of BS and all that. Yeah. And the amazing part of it is you can recognize all the music that they're playing. There are no, no, none of those marginal cuts that some people are so famous for. I'm like Mr. Breeze by Leonard Skinner at some word station. Uh, to a fringe brew. Tom, I'm gonna ask you know, I've heard talk what they're coming out with a movie this summer. Batman the movie. Yeah. And I was wondering, do you think you're going to be bring back the old Batman series because of I kind of died. I think the well, I was going to say a Thai camp. Of course, TV series was too, but this is a big budget picture. There's a big name, Stosin. There's Warren B.D. and that or some big name is in that. Jack Nichol. Jack Nichol. Yeah. And the big supporting cast too. Uh, that kind of thing can go either way. I don't think that's going to be a mediocre hit. That's either going to go through the roof or it's going to be out of the theaters in two weeks like Ishtot. Yeah. Aw, great. Yeah. Well, yeah. A talk radio. Talk radio was never a commercial film. I mean, the subject matter was just too limited where Batman is at least in theory. I'm going to try to appeal to a little white scale. Yeah. Still a greatest villain on Batman was Joker. These are a real miracle. Talk radio. Why don't you be on a cable? Any day now. I can't wait. OK. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Let me know which service it's on. I'll cancel it before it comes on. For Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. I have a three quick questions for Tom. I know it's a head near the hour. Tom. I was wondering if you know if any agencies, I know that The media agencies like in LA and New York that handle scripts or like William Morris, the creative artists agency. Are there any branches in Florida now that Florida had so much production over here? Any contact people? Was it technical people? No for submitting scripts at need agents. You'd have to get an agent first. Well, no studio except an unsolicited script. No, I didn't. But there's so much bureaucracy of trying to get one out in LA under York when you're in author based in Florida. I just don't know. Yeah. OK. Also I was wondering about tattingers. It just went off about a trace. Yeah. They're claiming they're going to bring it back as a half an hour with more of a comedic edge to it. Right. It was a show that was just hitting the stride. It's like, I know. I just agree. I didn't think it ever hit it's stride. I think it was a bad idea for a show. It didn't sound like a good idea when they announced it. The pilot was awful. Wow. It didn't see any good elements in the other side. The family atmosphere, the divorcees and all that. And we started to get to pick up some family emphasis. Well, maybe that's how the bring it back to the White House that you'll ever see. OK. And one last question on the viewer discretion label that's so many of the ads run. I used to think that meant uncut. You could turn in an eight o'clock. Oh, no. Not at all. I did a compliment that two weeks ago. Oh, did you? Yeah. And this is a matter of fact. WSVNs a good example. They leave in a lot of TNA and movies in language. But they still trim the movies by as much as they have an hour. And I always thought uncut meant something else. Anyway, that's going to do it for Dave Tom. Thanks very much. I hope you enjoyed the video. Pleasure Tom Jicka, the radio TV editor for the four-laterdial News on Sentinel. And we thank Carmine for a great lunch from Flores, which can't give Tom a second breath for the last half of the day. It was magnificent. It was awesome. OK. Stick around. Steve's coming along next to his guest today. Patrick Sessions, the father of Tiffany Sessions. The girl who's been missing since the 9th of February. And Wayne Black, the lead investigator in that case. So we'll also be at the guest on the show. And then Sports Talk with Joseph Gacky and Sunny tonight at 605. Have your sons a great day. We'll see you again tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 WIOD.