The Ohio D presents Neal Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in May. 524 WIOD in Broward, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the fall beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neal Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. Thank you, Sam. I'm telling you that's a high compliment. It's 1005 at WIOD. Good morning. We're really excited to be here. Fat Riches in the building, which means there's food here. And we're going to have a heck of a day today. Trust me when I tell you. Oh, no. I think we can go back to doing a radio show today. Although I do have some additional comments that I want to make about what we've been discussing last couple of days. But then we'll get back to doing a radio show, which is about time. Anyway, we're really hot at Gulfstream. The birdiest in the big review in the sixth race, hot pillow, which is still running. Oh, right. Fifth cold as a seven horse race. And I gave you a plate queen in the ninth race came in fifth and an eight horse race. So not too hot. No, we're cold. Okay. Here's my special pick at Gulfstream today. Go out and plunge your brains out on green performer. You thought I was going to pick you. Shocked you. Green performer with dose Ramos in the eighth race. Six to one in a morning line. That's got a shoe. The two horse. It's got a shot. Yeah. In fact, look at this. Dave Joseph picks it on top. Yeah. I'll be damned. I don't hear any, no, I'm giving up. Yeah. Today anyway, I'm humiliated and embarrassed and. And auto based. Yeah. And should exactly. Okay. Anyway, one of the things we want to do and we did this yesterday in Steven and Magnificent Job are doing it all afternoon is have you folks in light. Light of the virulent hate campaign against Steven myself in this station. I have those of you who enjoy the programming here. If you want to see it continue. Right letters and notes to Mike Disney are general manager just to send him along to a Mike Disney W. IOD Miami 33141. And because we have that great facts machine in there. Oh, yeah. You know, if you're a business person or somebody else, it's got a facts machine and wants to send a similar kind of a note rather than waste the postage and take that much time. Here's a WIOD number at WIOD 757 7516. And you can just send your message of support on the facts machine 757 757 7516. Well, there's there's enough 7 to net number that we could have Larry can't come in special to give the number on here. Right. Seven to five. Seven. She oven five one six. Our first call out a town again. Collect from Washington DC. Good morning, Mr. President. How you doing? Good morning, Neil. Good morning. Now, Glenn. How you doing this morning? Is this the grease man? No, I have no grease. Uh-huh. Well, I do have this. I'm information that was printed in Washington Times. Really? Well, if it's in a Washington Times, you know it must be true. How's Reverend Mundo and by the way? Listen, this is good for talk radio though. Okay. The header is this is put the new analysis. The header is period public rally down Christ and talk radio. Really? Uh, floating quickly from the article. The revelations. Well, this must be about the congressional pay raise. Yes, it is. Okay. The revelations are here over this rebellion. We're ready to talk show host in this jotkeys around the country. Uh, it does mention unfortunately. Lee Fowler. Pardon? Lee Fowler. Tell Santa Cate. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Hi, Rosa. W. snooze. And the painting said she had been a Miami talk show host plenty of years. And if any issue we've discussed, I've never seen someone's outrage. Yeah. And it goes in. No, Sandy. I think it's a piece of people. Yeah, it's sort of cookies, but the article basically turns back. Now I want to tell you something, pal. First, the congressional pay raise. Next, the outrageous prices on the early bird. Okay. That's coming next. And if there's anybody who could do it, it's Sandy. Well, Sandy is his top boy. It does mention the whole history here, but what it does say is that Robin newspaper stirred up little or no controversy about it. Quang life in the article, Radio host talked to real people. Washington Journalists talked to each other. Right. Well, we're like the folks of a WPBR in Palm Beach. We're here to make a difference. Okay. Well, I know that's not the way that you do the show down there, but it's just basically something good about talk rating. That is correct. Well, on occasion, we've been known to make a difference. You know, that is true. Not like Sandy, but I'm sorry that it's not mentioned you. No, that's not. No, no, no. I got enough paper coverage here as it is. Yeah, I've been to you. We've been made to Helen Dale Digest today. Cheers. Good. That's great. I'm coming back to my home. Today's all being interested in seeing about my girlfriend with post reports some of your show for me while I was up here. I've got to go. I just wanted to leave you with just one thing. I want to say good morning to Frankie and Sean, your duest act. And the only here is a greatest. Okay. Thanks a lot. See how to present and bush league for us. I can't imagine you to have finally. Okay. Tell my hope he's feeling better. He has been under the weather, but then again, with 30,000. Yeah, well, tell him we like John. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Great call from Washington, DC. I got news for you, man. Very few local talk shows anywhere in the country start out with calls from our nation's capital, right? And probably most of them pretty happy about it. Anyway, we made the Helen Dale Digest today, which is more about the freedom of speech becomes an issue for Rogers and Kane, Helen Dale in the middle of legal banal. And all this stuff we've been talking about the last couple of days. I think the most interesting end of the person who wrote a Karen Conway is going to call me because she didn't have a chance to talk to me before writing this. So all of the quotes of course come from our dear attorney friend from a sunny Rosenberg and from Mr. Intendola, the city manager in Helen Dale. Now his comments, I think are the most interesting. And I think it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that this whole Helen Dale segment of the witch on campaign is a sunny Rosenberg orchestrated chapter. OK. Mr. Intendola said increased controversy only increases shock radio's ratings. When the city of Helen Dale went head to head with Rogers about two years ago, Rogers had the third rated show in Tendola said, which is not true. We were number one, but he says we gave him his number one ratings. The city's crusade against Roger Show eventually died a natural death because of a lack of support in Tendola said. And some of those people who say it's nasty think it's funny and advertisers told us to go for a walk. Yeah. Yeah. How do you like that? They'll walk the dog. And also our attorney friend said that he's contacted station advertisers, which include Gulfstream Park at Helen Dale and described the content of Roger Show and they have continued to advertise. Well, no kidding. No kidding. No kidding. A tempest of the support of the Broward County school system, but a breadth and other local religious ethnic and youth groups have also failed. Nobody has the guts to do anything about this type of programming he said. A lot of bottom line is most people have a sense of humor and they understand it. And even if they don't like it, they just turn it off and don't listen in that case, which most rational people do. And the idea that we're harming anybody with this kind of programming, of course, is just a desperate attempt to create havoc and chaos and problems for me and any station that I work on. First it was WINZ and then it was Zeta. And I just buy coincidence at WINZ. Oh, just a coincidence. Well, I thought you once said there are no coincidences. How's that? All right, let me do a little break here. Then we'll come back up at a few more comments. I want to make about that and then we'll get into it. And we may have a big celebrity guest coming by today. Hopefully, this is exciting. Let me give you a little sneak preview. Okay, that's as much of a lot of you. That's all. That's all. Paul, I'm going to have to attend Toyota. All right, and don't fight over the paper here. Let's just try to relax. We've got a lot of copies of the paper. What is that? Who is that? El McPherson in Sports Illustrated, which I've been looking for. I copy this around here, but the sports department gets that magazine for some weird reason. Well, I get it. I subscribe to S.I. Do you? I got one of those great little phones. You know, the ones that don't work. Now we also have that tape. Oh, read us. Oh, read us. I'm a loop volume two, which is really not like great. Yeah. Anyway, getting back to us, some of the information that we're passing along since this is now a public news story. Since the public news story is mentioned that these harassment campaign have been going on for the last 19 months. Obviously, the chronology of same is a legitimate news story that we can discuss. When we were at Zeta, there was a period of time when with great regularity, we'd be getting either phone calls or messages or something would pop up in the newspaper. Remember the one Greg Budeau was going to sue me. You remember that? Oh, and we kept wondering what the hell is this all about? There was even a thing with Bill Tanner, who called us yesterday on here as a good friend of ours. His attorney calling the radio station and threatening this and a bottom line comes to find out that the same attorney individual had been making phone calls or writing letters to these individuals. In fact, Greg and I discussed this when I had that phone call with him about a month ago or two months. Taking things out of context and twisting and manipulating it, so I'm so I'm urging people again soliciting business and urging people to sue me. For those who are regular listeners and go back with a soap opera that's been on going for 19 months now and you wondered what all of that stuff was about including Denise White, our next or neighbor here at Channel 7, you'll recall when they did that piece, she and the Steve, whatever his name is, Dawson, T. Howl, you know. When they did that piece on morning shows and they defamed me and did that awful stuff and I made some jokes about that. Same thing again, you know, received phone calls from the same individual. So those of you who think that this is some kind of an isolated campaign or that there's some real merit here, all it's been has been a scatter buckshot attempt to contact everybody and anybody possible to make as much problem for Neil Rodgers and basically get them off the air. You know, get me fired, get me out of the market, destroy my career, my life, harassed my friends, like Fat Rich who's sitting here who's got a whole series of things that have been sent to him, plastered on his car, a phone calls at 7 o'clock in the morning, etc. And it's been one of the ugliest and nastiest harassment campaigns. Steve had a guy calling yesterday who's name a number we've got, by the way, who was a sponsor on this station who related to kind of harassment that he's had from this individual. And even when he was advertising not on this show, but on the rest of the station, that wasn't okay according to this individual. If he didn't stop advertising, he was going to let everybody know what he was doing, and Bappa and listen that. And again, this goes so far beyond the bounds of any individual's free speech to interfere with other people's business that it really is just shocking, I think, is the word that somebody we know might say, shocking. That's really, yeah, that's pretty good. And I heard Steve had a lot of great calls yesterday. He also had some of the blue hairs calling again, and taking issue with what I say, well, that's fine. If you don't like what I say, you don't have to listen to the show. Nobody out there is going to be injured or harmed because of this program. You can go to the bank on that, all right. And if you're thin skin, and the fact is that every one of these people who called in, listen to the show, even though they denied it in many cases, they were quoting chapter and verse, Rogers got a note on here. He said, he talked to one of Mike's sponsors this morning that was harassed during this as well. One of her inere sponsors, how do you like that? No, Mike is about his non controversial. And one of the nicest guys you'd ever want to know, and certainly not involved in any of this other business that allegedly is going on. And even his sponsors could have been her own. What does that tell you? No, I think you folks out there. It's about time that you knew just how widespread and how disgusting this thing was. And again, we really hope that you'll take the time because we know that we're reaching Steve's at tens of thousands. It's hundreds of thousands of people every week on these programs. And you know, all of us here at WIOND have got invested in Tristan, including the station management and seeing that we are protected. And that we have a lot of support from you folks out there who enjoy what we do. If you don't enjoy it, good luck to you. As we said yesterday, lots of other places you can go go listen to Sandy. She's even made it in Washington now and they're Washington times. So she's probably doing one hell of a job over there at WLD. So you have plenty of alternatives, okay? But those of you who do enjoy it drop us a letter. Mike Disney, WIOND, Miami, 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. Or if you have a fax machine, you can send it along and note letter whatever you want on the fax machine, 7, 5, 7, 7, 5, 1, 7. Also want to mention, if you're looking for those great new unbelievable Neo Rogers bumper stickers and get them this Sunday at Tradwins Park in Coconut Creek, a classic and antique car show to benefit the Broward Humane Society. Look for the WIOND roving radio and Sharon, who will be heading out the stickers and other goodies and Meg Green will even be there. That's a little bonus. She'll be there from 10 to 1. This Sunday, 9 to 5 sample road on the Florida turnpike for the Tradwins Park thing, the classic and antique car show. Okay. Yeah. First thing. Alright, I guess that gets us caught up. We'll do another little piece of business, then we'll take some calls from our good friends out there in Radio Land. We have so many of them, obviously. Don't we? Yeah. A little low from Joe at Tamp Street, who's doing just great little thing here from Gulfstream Park. Yeah, it's interesting. You see, one thing I'd like to explain is people don't advertise on these radio programs or any other ones just because they like us. They advertise because they get tremendous results. That's what advertising is all about. And even if you disagree, see, what I used to do topical talk and had a lot of very strong opinions about organized religion and lots of other topics. The one thing that was consistent is that even people who disagree with my philosophy found that they got tremendous results because you're not selling your philosophy, you're selling the fact that you're reaching a tremendous number of people. You've got great credibility and the people will patronize your sponsors and they do. So for our attorney friend who just can't understand how they continue to advertise and spite of his harassment campaign and bombardment of hate against these shows, the fact to the matter is that these people know they're getting bang for the buck. Okay, they're getting response. Oh, they care about. And that's what it's all about. Okay, 751, WIOD and date 524, WIOD and Broward, 2789463 in Boka. And I got a kick out of the one caller called him yesterday that said, I had defamed Boka, even as as of yesterday, which I did. And I'll say it again. You watch how long it takes that vocalizing like a fan or like these sleep, the walking dead and Boka. And in Palm Beach, which is a stage beyond that 655, WIOD. Valentine's Day is coming down. WIOD. 1025 at Happiness Radio. This is these real vibranic tapotmins. And a rolling open line is in Palm Beach 655, WIOD. We love so much for somebody to call on the Palm Beach line, especially preferably somebody who doesn't live in Palm Beach. Oh, of course. You call us collect. If you're calling from any place else and can't get through on a board, if you're that desperate on the Palm Beach line 655, WIOD. We'll start in Miami this morning. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. Just great. Listen, I've been trying to call you for a couple of days regarding just silly guy. Remember when you had an apparent when you was with Vader and you were at the South Day shopping? Oh, I sure do. And he showed up in for harassment purposes. Right. My husband, I brought you a tape. Uh, the Dave County Commission, me. Oh, yeah, and I still haven't. I appreciate it. Oh, I still have that. Now that tape is only part of the meeting. We saw a repeat of that same meeting later and we taped the first part of it. And they met more or less told the guy, he's not. Mm-hmm. Well, you know, this is the amazing part of it. He continues just going around contacting anybody in everybody. And of course, the reasoning made the contact with Sunny Rosenberg and Halandale was because he realized, here's a guy who already hates my guts and has a personal axe to grind. So he's going to find a sympathetic ear. But the thing that frustrates him is that whether it's advertisers, whether it's a people at the University of Miami, whether it's the Metro Commission. I mean, the guy has shown his true colors. He shown what this is all about. And his credibility on a scale of zero is minus infinity. Right. And you know, I've been thinking there's something that keeps sticking in the back of my mind. You know, Jim and Tammy Baker and the swagger. They were damning everyone else. Yeah, they were doing the same thing. Yeah. Well, I'm not going to make any accusations. I don't know anything about the man's personal life nor do I care because that's his business. But I will say on a general level, I've said this before, people who protest this such a hysterical degree very often have got something that there's something there. Something there. You know, it makes you wonder. Yeah. But if you would like that case, the complete. I love it. Yeah. Okay. I'll get my husband there. Make you a copy. Excellent. Appreciate it. Very much. Okay. Bye bye. 1028 at WIOD and open line in date 751-9463. If we ever get the video taped as anybody know of the Hallendale Commission meeting. I'm going to bring it back. They were going to bring it by yesterday. I guess Nick would probably know. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Nick. Good morning. This is Lee. Lee. This is Lee in Palm Beach. No, no, no, no. In Palm Beach. I'm so impressed right now. But you said you wanted to come back on the Palm Beach line. I didn't live in Palm Beach. Right. I don't. By the way, can I say something in the wake of that? Congratulations. I'm a listen to your show last couple of days. This thing with Hollandell. It is unbelievable. I never learned their lesson. Do they? It's incredible. I just can't believe that people react like this. I enjoy your show and the days that I don't. I listen to it anyway. I just enjoy what you do. It's just a quick land detainment and that's all there is to it. And these people, they just want to find excuses they can plan about anything and everything. Well, let me let me put it this way in a general level. Anybody who would take the satirical or comedy things that we say on this show. They're obviously meant as comedy and try to twist them and manipulate them and make them intended to be serious. Has got to anyone who would do that would have to have sinister motives for doing it. I don't know what I'm saying. Yeah, really. It's incredible. But you guys just keep doing what you're doing and birds. You keep cycling back there and hanging there. Eat your food. I get hungry every time I listen to you guys and just keep going. Okay, thanks a lot. Bye. See that Palm Beach line is very useful. Not the Palm Beach. But for other people who can't get out of the day in Broward lines, man, it is a banana. Even Lauren Green would be impressed with all the other town calls. Come from a little bit more. Yeah, most of them. 10 30 a WIOD and let's go to beautiful Miami. Hello. Yeah. Great. Look, I want to tell you that we all are support you and Steve. It is stupid to think that only if you have listening to you. We are architecting Miami. I guess people do not realize the kind of following you out. We are ready to support you and do anything that is going to be done. Excellent. When you write us one of those letters. Okay. We already discussed that. If we need to stand by you with a 2 by 4, we'll do that. Okay. We'll keep my eye out for you. That's right. Okay. Okay. We're hanging. Thanks a lot. Okay. 10 30 a WIOD. I guess we already said we're hanging so we don't have to ask anybody asked that question the rest of the show. There's an opening and look at that man. They're really, they're moist today out there. Yeah. They're really ready. Plantation. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. When is this? Well, I have to away. Now anyway. I have a question. Didn't this individual start this mess way back about maybe two years ago when he was doing harassing phone calls to you at, um, not just I and Z. Yeah. Started I and Z in a summer of 87 harassing calls were not only to me, but they were to the switchboard, the newsroom. I mean, just a just a succession of wild threatening screaming hysterical phone calls. And it's just never stopped. I mean, that was just the beginning of it. And it's never stopped. And again, that all started taking something out of context. I was talking about my trip to Hawaii. And I was trolling according to him on the air. What I was doing is looking for a traveling companion. My best friend had just died the short time before. And I was looking to find somebody to go on a trip with me. And I said, probably, you know, be good idea. First of all, a person that have to be over 18. Secondly, be nice to have somebody who was gay because we'd have common interest in got only knows what my develop. And immediately, he twisted that into something about trolling for sex from a boys on the air. Which, of course, anybody over the age of 18 is an adult. But don't confuse this person with that. Okay. Well, yeah. I remember him calling this, I can calling you on the air. Yeah. I remember the call like it was yesterday. Yeah. I've moved in a few since I came down here about five years now. And I said, I sent my letter this morning to Mr. Disney. Great. Everybody I've talked to supports you and speed and IOD up down sideways. And any other way you want to support. We feel that this is an abriss event of our rights. We have, we decide what we want to listen to. Not anybody else. Exactly. Well, Steve put it very well when he said, it's not just a campaign against us individually or against one radio station or now three stations, but it's a campaign against the public's right to make their own free choices. It's to what they find entertaining and what they want to listen to. Yeah. Well, if I find that you're not into paying, I do my own sense of getting turned off. Wow. Pretty revolutionary. Yeah. Isn't that incredible? Never heard of that thing. Same thing with Steve. I mean, I won't go to the AWLD because they put me to sleep. Yeah. That's why I turned on elevator music or something. Sure. But that's what we do. And that's my right to do it. And that works. Yeah. You know, it's really fine. You know, I just went to the airport. For a second, when you talked about the harassing phone calls here and a half ago, do you remember the time he put his personal call on that? Oh, yeah. What we're reporting to our business to our military violation of the law. Yeah. I'm in two days in a row. Also came to my house and stuck a letter and unstamp letter in my mailbox, which is a violation of federal postal law. And you know, it constantly accusing me of criminal activity and solicitation on the air and being breaking the law. But in the meantime, he goes ahead and does these illegal things consistently. All throughout this campaign. What? And we're supposed to look the other way. And also remember that he said he started getting all sorts of phone calls that his business office concerning, you know, from people who were outraged at him for doing things to you. Well, I'll say this. We've never we have never encouraged anyone to do that. I know that. We, in fact, quite the contrary, we discourage all our listeners to refrain from contacting this individual anyway because first it's inappropriate and secondly it would be of no effect anyway. And thirdly, if they do want to do something positive, then they, you know, to write the letters to our management and, you know, patronize our sponsors and do the things that help. Well, I tell you this, I've written them written letters and any restaurants you ever recommend I've gone to. So I have no problem with you guys. And like I said, I'll exercise my own form of censorship when I don't, when I'm not entertained. Excellent. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Bye. 1034 WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463. 524 WIOD. Henry. Henry. Henry. Henry. Pretty outrageous, 1041 a WI-O-D 19 to 11 and let's we got a mobile and we're going to be a good one. I'm proud, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. You know, I just wanted to let you know that I can understand your frustration and the abuse that you must feel. However, I don't know when you've given some thought to the fact that you should, or hopefully you will get some comfort out of the service you're getting to your community. Love you, my wife. She doesn't think much of your program. I might matter a fact that she'd like to see you last year under any, any of the condition. Maybe way that she can't see does she as you belong there. Really? Really? Nevertheless, as a result of this going on, this going is on. She now realizes that she really, she may have her feeling about you, but she's really imposing herself upon the community of individuals. And now she feels very strongly that they can't do this to you. Have a right to be there. And I thought it would be interesting, you know, there's been a complete, no out of her part. And let's raise. Maybe a colleague to other people. No, well, that is excellent. I made that point two days ago that even the people who hate this show are hate me personally. Yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, I got you now, my studio. Okay. Well, I was saying a couple of days ago, I made the point that even those people who hate this show, I think will come to the realization that when you start allowing individuals or groups of individuals in a community to censor and to try to get on the year only what they approve of, but that's the first road to fashionism. You can't allow that. I think that this now is this awareness now is good for our community. I really do. I think it's good. It's, it would be this the way that we need this. We need the children back once in a while. Yeah, I appreciate a good point. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Now, in fact, we probably owe a little thanks to sunny Rosenberg again over there in Hellendale, because unwittingly what he's done by making this a news story. And now there have been like five newspaper articles about the entire story, or at least most of it. A couple of days, and now it's fair game for comment here prior to this because of certain legal machinations that went on, there were some dubious circumstances, and we were restrained from talking about it on the year. But now because it is a legitimate news story, we can really go into it and let the public know it's been going on. That's the thing that frustrated me the most over the past 19 months is that the group of people who are the greatest supporters, which are your listeners, you couldn't talk to. You couldn't discuss it on a year. And that was part of the game plan of this individual was to keep musling us and then to be able to go out without the spotlight shining on him and do all of these things in the dark, so to speak, and making all of these phone calls and harassing and threatening sponsors and threatening friends of mine and making, you know, nuisance phone calls. And now it's, you know, it's going to stop. It may not stop today or tomorrow, but it's going to stop because a lot of this activity is blatantly illegal. It's going to stop. The party is over. 1044 at WIOD, Tamara Killow. Hi, good morning, you know. Hi. Good morning, bro. Hi. Good. Good. First of all, I want to say how funny it is yesterday when I was called, did you hear on Steve's so? Yeah, I heard the whole show. I'm very funny how these people who find the songs and the bits are disgusting, how they, you know, they can't even tell him, but they won't call you. Yeah, right. Now, we didn't have a single negative call and we certainly didn't screen them out. We just took them as they came in yesterday. We did not have a single negative call about this show or this radio station on a program yesterday. Right. And did you hear the particular call when the woman called in and says that, you know, her daughter heard the song, walk within a written and she finds that that's very harmful. Oh, yeah. And it, her daughter was 13 years old. And when Steve Haster, if she heard anything that, well, now she didn't say harmful because Steve said, was there any harm to her daughter because she heard it? Well, not really. And he said, did she hear anything that she wouldn't hear in school? And she said, well, no, not really. And that was the end of the phone call. Right. That was funny, Steve Bach, like they never heard these things and they're whole life. Well, it's really sad. I feel sorry for people who are so miserable or have such minimal sense of humor that are so uptight about words or about comedy or, you know, pretend not to understand it. And I do say pretend because that's what they're doing. They're pretending they don't understand that it's sat there in comedy. They know better. Right. Well, I wish you both, you and Steve, the best of luck. And I hope everything goes okay. Okay. Thanks. Alright. Thank you. 1046 at WIOD and Open Line in Brower to 5249463. We have ladies and gentlemen, another in our series of collect very expensive calls from the Hom Springs, California. Hello. I'm Neil Good morning. Yes, sir. Okay. Good. I called you from Pobbo Beach about a week and a half ago. When I sent you some faxes. Did you ever get them? Uh, what were they? They were San Francisco 49th Press releases from them. Oh, yeah. This is it. Okay. Because I thought the sports department was stealing them. Joe's a gacky and the 17th for second to learn. Well, I'm Joe, man. He's a bundle of lives. I've discovered that since coming here. He's a panic. Right. I was supposed to come back there. When he talks to the coach. Right. That's right. I was supposed to come back today. But I dread coming back to that area. So I backed it up one day. Well, I'll tell you if you backed it up one day. You're going to come back just in time for the cold way that's coming into tomorrow. It's beautiful today. But tomorrow it's going to be like, I think so per set in the upper 60s. And I just, uh, that's not kosher with me. Right. Well, you guys had snow out there in California. I'm going to pop springs. I'm wearing gloves. Yeah. Well, that'll teach you. Yeah. That's right. Okay. Why appreciate you taking my call. Okay. Well, listen, hurry back. Okay. We need you. Okay. Thanks a lot. 1047 at Wild. I don't get two food intensive knockers. I think he looks like he just swallowed a rabbit. But Joe at Tafstree wrote Tissaries a great friend of ours and he'll be a great friend of yours, too, when you start shopping there. And register to win an 89 Pontiac Grand Prix and other brushes from WIOD. Yor Derrell, right, or open station. Now, more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. I'm Mike Ampera. It's a 1051 at WIOD. Now, did that was that shocking? Good. Heavens. Good. I see you pinching yourself. You couldn't believe your ear. Good. Good. Law. Shocking. I saw that with a pinstripe suit walking on a hall earlier. I wasn't sure exactly who it was. That was. Okay. We got a while you're recovering. Here's a mobile and brown. Hello. Neil. Yeah. I don't have much to say. Just got one point. But in reference to the lady that was complaining about her daughter hearing the song about her singing about the singing at a sing-up song. That's what the song was called. I think there's a lot more said, and before it's in Arrayed Movies, then he just show even barely even touches on. And I think that's ridiculous. Isn't that better? Did he let her a daughter go to Arrayed Movies? Well, not only that, but I'm sure her daughter probably is. Before school in a morning or whatever, listens to FM shows where the all kinds of sexual material and play all kinds of racing thing which is fine. and it's for its humor, it's entertainment, okay? And the people are so uptight about that, you really have to wonder. Well, I'm plus two, I think the violence that is in the movies is much more damaging than any words or any humor that you have on your show. Absolutely. Very, very, very. Amen. So, hanging there, working to got a lot of people that like it, so. We're hanging. Thanks a lot. Okay, see ya. 1053 a WOD speaking of that, the Steve has a really interesting topic today, and it's about time. Did pornography really turn Bundy into a mass murderer, and of course, that's the thing that the born-again is the right wingers in our attempting to do is use that ridiculous interview that can try interview with Bundy and say, well, here we go, this is an excuse for us to start censoring and you got to take playboy out of the convenience store again, and all this to kind of stuff they've been doing for years. And Steve's guest will be, Sue the censor, that's her name, Sue. Right shots who needs no introduction and attorney Norman Kent, so that's, they're gonna be one barn burner of a show, okay? And it ties in with a lot of stuff we've been talking about the last two or three days because it has to do with freedom of speech and expression in the first amendment, et cetera, and so on. North Miami Beach, yellow. Hi, Neil and Glen. Hi. I've been a long, long time listener, but this is the first time I ever called. Good. But I thought maybe you should know that I think it might be the same guy that's been harassing you that I heard call a couple of weeks back when Rebecca Paul was on one of the other stations. And volunteer, some more tapes to send her, just and, uh, oh no question about it, no question about it. Anybody see no matter what I talk about no matter who I mentioned, even the Alpo Dog Food thing I did on the FM, which I was exonerated, I mean, absolutely backed up and by all the veterinarians in the area. But no matter what it is, I say, a letter immediately goes out and these comments were made by Neil Rogers and they're inflammatory and you ought to sue him and sue him and just to try to create a barrage of lawsuits, none of which by the way have ever developed because there's nothing there. And just to try to create problem between Neil and Management, make so much of a chaotic situation that I would lose my job. That's the game plan behind all of this. I agree with you, but he, uh, it was on Sandy's show by the way. And Sandy asked Rebecca, you know, what's this all about? And she says that he was getting all this information, and, you know, and sending it to her lawyer to say about a libel suit. Oh, yeah. So I just thought, you know, we haven't heard a word about it. No, isn't that funny? We haven't heard it. We haven't heard it. We've gone through weeks back. Yeah. Well, you see, this is what happens in the beginning. The letters and the phone calls are so in a flamintory, just like the thing that happened with Greg Budelle. And, you know, if you can take anything out of context and twist it and a person doesn't know what really happened anybody who says you, well, I'm going to sue somebody. That's outrageous. And then when they find out what really was said, like, you know, the humorous stuff that we've done with Rebecca Paul and that's all it's been, then, you know, it all fritter's away because there's nothing there. Well, I just thought you should know Neil, because I don't think this is right. I think this man has gone over the edge and it's more than just harassment. You know, it could get very nasty. Well, it's going to stop. Believe me. Well, I just wanted you to know, hey. Thanks a lot. All right. You were by. Bye. OK. Here's a caller who's going to tape a halondale meeting. Hello. Yeah. Neil, this is Ron. I talked to yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to make that video tape up for you. Excellent. Yeah. I'm working during the day. So it's going to be hard, but I'm going to bring it down to you tomorrow. Great. OK? We appreciate it. Did you do me a favor? Yeah. Did you call it here at Gary at Deuce Bag? Well, for you, we'll do a Gary or a Deuce Bag, and that's only because this caller is such a great American. All right. I'll bring it to you tomorrow, promise. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Bye. 1056 at WIOD and open line in date and in Broward, 7519463 in date County 751, WIOD Hollywood. Hello. Good morning and now. Hi. This is also Neil Lovin Hollywood. I was over-hauling. Neil, yesterday and I was getting all my hairs cut. And next to me, all your hairs gone. All my hairs got incredible. And next, made it a little difficult. How long did it go? Far. And he starts to open up his mouth. Is everybody around here heard about this guy? Neil Rogers and what he's saying and doing? And he starts going on and on. He's not the but an old bag. It. And it went all these dirty things in a radio and complaining about our nice Canadian neighbors. Yeah. I think middle-aged bags. I'm not old yet, okay. Especially by Hallendale Standards. And I had just had enough of them. And I turned around and I said, sir, you understand that this is nothing but a radio show. I mean, it's just comedy. That is all it is. He says, you know, I think you're just like him. Oh, yeah. I just, oh, really. Yeah. And this guy just kept on and on. Well, you know, it's interesting. Tom Jickard, the mommy, news is a good friend and who's been married for many, many years and as a family. And as straight as an arrow, when Tom was involved in getting abuse from this individual, also had one of a series of harassing calls. And when Tom didn't agree with what the caller was saying, the comment to Tom was, well, you must be a homosexual too because you agree with him. So you see, if you agree, then somehow you're painted by the same brush and, you know, subject to the same kind of attack. Right. So I said to him, I said, well, if you feel this way, why don't you call him? And, you know, why don't you call Neil? No, guts. Oh, I wouldn't do that. Yeah. But every day, though, if you keep up the same thing and the sanding, I says, oh, you listen to him. Oh, you can't turn it off, can you? That's right. You just can't. Every day, we keep up this, isn't that fascinating? It's like, through those caller's Steve had yesterday. And there weren't really that many of them. But the few who did call is you listen to the call and Steve draw, drew them out. You discover they can go chapter in verse of anything and everything we say on the show because like you say, they can't shut it off. I can't shut it off. Well, my letters in the mail and let's just check out and take them. We're doing it. Thanks a lot. OK. Are you people listening to this show again? Yeah. Those of you who hate the show and sit around and butter and bitch and complain about are you got 39 at least other alternatives on a radio, not to mention the TV set. You know, and you got Sally and Haraldo and Bob Barker and God, don't even know his what else. And they're still subjecting themselves to this awful terrible stuff that is so outrageous and so nasty and so whatever. I got news for your man. I've been into business almost 30 years. I've traveled all over this country. I've heard FM morning shows I've heard Stern in New York in a grease man and Steve in Chicago. And this show is so tame compared to dozens and dozens of other radio programs and major markets that this is like playways, pee-haw, or pee-whease play-haw. With little little flip at the tongue. It's like pee-whease play-haw's by comparison, OK? So grow up and get real. Will you? Now the word of the day. Just like pee-whease, we have to have our word. OK. Here's the word of the day. I'm my company. OK. And we're very outstanding. By the way, that brings back a lot of great memories for Henry now. In fact, another sip later this afternoon just to make up for that. When we got the 11 o'clock WIOD news, we'll come back in 1105 Steve with his pornography and Bundy a story this afternoon with su the censor Fred Shots and Norman Elliott Kent. News talk radio's 610 WIOD presents Neal Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day. WIOD in Broward or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neal Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. Alright, Henry, get off the floor, will you please? It's a little 5 at WIOD. Now, to show you that even in the darkest of moments there are always little comedy. One of the letters that this individual we're discussing this attorney, one of letters he sent, I don't remember whether it was to our corporate attorney or you know, there's so many and there's so many different people. One of the letters went through these bitter complaints about the fact that this outrageous behavior is going on with Henry Barrow drinking on the air. And sexual harassment on the job of April worth them referring to money. You know, I mean, you talk about somebody with no sense of humor or portraying that. Any other sense of humor, unbelievable little stretch. Yeah, just a little. Anyway, six minutes past 11 at WIOD, we got a West Palm Beach call. Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. How are you? Hi. How are you doing? This is my second time calling. From Palm Beach. On I Euro veteran, okay, now it ought to be a great call. It is because I want to, I just want to. Right, you know, here in West Palm Beach, there are a lot of listeners, whether you know it or not, and we all love you. We know it. Do you know it? I never call, but they're like the silent minority up there or something. Well, I don't know where it is, but we do love you down here. And this controversy going on with town and down this bunch of bulls and I just want to say that. I think you're going to just say, Hallendale is a bunch of bull would have been more appropriate. Okay, let me rephrase this town down as a bunch of bulls. Yeah, I couldn't have said it better myself. Anyway, I want you to know that our company here from a plant and name. We all listen to it. Okay. Which is paradise farm? Okay, you probably expect a phone call any minute now. So govern yourselves accordingly up there. Whoever has anything that say about you, I can guarantee our straighten them out real quick. Good, good. Anyway, I just want to call my boss, John and dig bag. Okay. We love you, Cheryl. It's great. And remember, paradise farms is with you, all the way. Okay, thanks a lot. You're welcome. Yeah, bye. Hi. 1107 at WIOD and I knew we were in paradise. I feel like kind of a stranger in paradise. I actually want to break into song. 655 WIOD and Palm Beach. By the way, we got good response on a fax machine during the first hour. Yeah. And people over the next door, a GTR upset because they can't do their silly stuff on a fax machine. This could be a little more impotent. Okay, then whatever super silly stuff they're doing next door. And by the way, you know, they better clean up their act too. 655 9463 and the number on a fax machine. If you want to send us a letter of support and address them, please do Mike Disney. He's our general mangleer here and he's walking around on the hall like he knows what's going on. The fax number is 757 7516. These are really expensive. Are they fax machines? 256. Oh, the machine itself. Yeah. Oh, I don't know what they're about. 5006. Are they now? I'm thinking of getting one of those. They're kind of fun, aren't they? Yeah, they are fun. I think they're about five fax things on ours. Yeah. Because it makes you feel important. I find that people would fax machines. It's like, it's kind of like people that get those phony antennas and put them on a back of their car. You know, so you think they got a car phone? That's a great thing. There really is, yeah, it's excellent. Okay, moving along. There we go. I said that again. Where do I come up with this stuff? Moving along. How about moving right along? Moving right along. How do I joy as opposed to stop by today? Maybe he could be listening right as we speak so better try to do a good show. But, uh, joy Reynolds called and wants to come by and plug his appearance on a more Downey Jr Show, which is one of the crashes commercial things I've ever heard in my life. But we like joy a lot. Yeah. In fact, we wish that joy were doing mid days on she right now. But, uh, so if he's listening, we certainly invite him. I'll share and let the message on his answering machine. We hope he comes by sometime today. What day is that on? Is that on tonight? I don't know. Let me see. Check what I'm saying because if it's on tonight, then he definitely needs to come by. I don't think it's nor by Amy. Hello. Yes. How are you? Hi, Glenn. Hi. Tonight, media people who would cancel tabloid TV program. Really? I don't know if that's show or not. Sounds like censorship to me. Well, head problem, sorry. Oh, I wonder if I could talk to Glenn for a minute. Go ahead. Glenn, you're a young. Are you? You're in the Army? Yes, sir. And I was in the Marines. Remember when we used to have to swear to protect the Constitution? Are you going to use it within and with our? Ten minutes after 11 of WIOD, we have an open line in date. 751-9463. I didn't let that go. I know. It was a valid question, but we couldn't put it in the air. No, not for the air. Let's see. Somebody expired in Boca. I think just when that guy said that the guy passed out in Boca. Two seven eight nine four six three two seven eight. WIOD. You're letting the play build back? Yeah. Great. I'm not a fool. You know, I wasn't a poor. Yes, sir. As matter of fact, let's see, it's ten after 11. I mean, it's char hot. All seven soft floor locations are open right now. Linda and Susan will be here later from neutral system. I don't want to get them upset because I didn't gain any of my weight back. However, is that for me? Is that the name? Oh, that's something else. What is it? Oh, it is for me. Cheryl is so confused because she ate yesterday. And it's been the first time in weeks that she's at anything to eat. She's a little groggy from the after effect. But anyway, speaking of eating, you know, Linda and Susan, I guess, will be pleased that it didn't get any weight back. And I must confess a couple of times during the past two weeks. I've we've leaked over to Charhot and had a great Italian sauce. Oh, dear. We're here at Fort La Adio's Place. It is an award winning man to the restaurant. But in one of these secrets of the place they're going to speak in phyrosis. With no one improved by looking back. Let's listen to him. Well, very imagine. They're eight nobles. Fawvers are around. But looking back saw, available now with pigly wickery. Why licked the best when you can lick the nest? That's looking back though. It's 1114 and a WIOD. And when I mentioned joys name, a couple of lines dropped off. We have an open line in Boko, 278, 9463, 278, WIOD. As we continue just shocking the listening audience, right? Especially those who are listening who hate every moment of it. Oh, good. There was one woman there today. It was one of the classic calls. She said she, she sets her radio. Have you ever heard that expression before? She sets her radio. She listens to Mike and a morning. She sets it on 610. Hates me. And once in a while, by accident, picks up speed because she has her radio set. I think that was the same one with a daughter. The 13 year old daughter. So they must have all the radios in the house and in the car set on 610. And they can't move them. So I'm sure we have people in the audience who would be more happy to volunteer. If she wants to call back off the air, and Nick will take her name and address. And we can send somebody over there to unset her dial and engineer. Yeah, we'll send one of our send us a Mitchell over there because he's an expert. And he will move the, in fact, we probably arrange every day at certain times. We can send somebody over there a courier to change the dial. So she doesn't have to be subjected to a lot of stuff that she just can't stand. North Miami Beach, hello. I just want to let that woman know by the way, I've got one of these revolutionary stereotypes. Got a VFO, wanted to actually change the station. No, no, come on. Are you here? They got something like that now. Technology is burning them up. Incredible. I just want to be shocked, wouldn't it? I'm telling you good to talk to you by the way, Greg Show is always wanting to make a couple of points. If I make first of all, I'd like to know what makes Mayor Sonny and the city manager. I told a thing that they can't accomplish what the FCC tried to accomplish on you when you're on the INCA. I am a couple of years ago. Well, first of all, the FCC didn't try to accomplish anything. They were sent a just tons of the same kind of stuff that they've been getting now. And they even monitored the show if I can use that word and they sent somebody down here to the local FCC office for several days and they monitored. And their comment was they didn't find a damn thing wrong with it. There is absolutely nothing in those files. I know things zero. I thought it was kind of the same thing because if I remember correctly, I may be wrong. But if I remember correctly, a lot of this is pretty much the same thing they were getting complaints and they came down. If the Fed can't do it, what makes you think a couple of ponds are my local city can accomplish. Exactly. But just not to understand what Sonny gets an ego thing. And here's a chance in his own foolish, ego maniacal way to strut his stuff again and show all the AKs over there. What a hot shot he is. He's going to get that Neil Rogers and all he does. You know, this is the second time they've done it in two years and they just make fools out of themselves. Well, I got news for Sonny. It may come as a shot to him. But I can still go into my video story and rent or purchase things that I wouldn't want to show to my two year old son. I can still go and turn on even during a daytime prime time television. I don't want to show to my two year old son. I don't notice any personal vendetta is going out against that sort of thing. As a matter of fact, if you walk the street to Halandale at the right time, you might find some things that you don't want to find there. Really? That doesn't seem to be a problem and I'd really love to know why. Just a quick point I'd like to make also. I'm a manager of a small service business in the city of Halandale. And just for your reference and just for not going to play the name for this not a plug. But anybody walks in today that is under the age of 65 and doesn't live in Halandale 10% discount. Okay, good idea. Good to see you guys. Thanks a lot. But I can be the start of a revolution now. The under 65 discount. Good lord. Wouldn't that be great? And then we can have like late bird specials for people who eat after 6pm who are under the age of 200 and don't have blue hair and aren't wearing a cap. Okay, that would be great. Both of Palm Beach lines went out. I think mentioning joy probably put us in great jeopardy here. The plumbing would be embarrassed by this. A 2789463 in Boka 655 Wild in beautiful prestigious Palm Beach. We can call collect from anywhere else because it's always open for waterdale. Hello. Hi. Hi Neil. You find a weirdo fan driver when you're in trouble, right? I yes. Incidentally, last week I'm an informe. Last week I put a I always have Larry T. N. And I'm one of those people to please W. IOT on constantly. So somebody called in and reported your bio language and toward Larry new from nothing. And this fellow said, why you connected with a station that connects with thing like that. And he says, sir, I have no idea what you're talking about. He went on to the next one. At any rate. I wonder who that could have been. It's three deserts. At any rate, we love you. Well, you know, it sounds like the fact that you listened to IOT constantly and not to change the radio. It sounds like a conscious decision on your part. That would you doubt. Yeah, in other words, you doubt is in stuck door. No, it's not stuck. Yeah. Well, yeah. And, so, gently, I'm 68. And I just mail my letter to Mr. Disney. I recently moved down after my husband's demise. And, believing me, you perk up the day. Seems like quite dull after New York. You can say that again. They're even dull after you're a candidate when you're a little bit. I don't know, but it's too late. This is behind the day. Well, a lot of people say that. I think that's quite a commentary on what it's done. This is, but it is true. In fact, there are a lot of people who are bedridden. You'd be amazed some of the letters that I've gotten over the years. People who are bedridden and people who just can't get out of a house. And this gives them a few laughs and chuckle on it. The woman's front. I've paid it back in my note. It's all in front. Who'd take these things, series? Well, only people who want to for very sinister purposes. And I think it's such a waste of time. You bet. And I liked what Steve said about Bob Graham. When he was painting, I had painted it here recently. And they listened to your program. And he said to me, this is a very dull job. And then that's like, I hear something like that. He said, I can't belong with this. Yeah. And he was doing this for some 30 years. Well, I like Steve said, sometimes living here is like watching paint dry enough. Okay, you have a good one. Thanks a lot. 20 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in beautiful Broward County at 524-9463-524-WIOD. Um, yes. I wanted to know if I could repeat the quote that I gave the Miami review, which is a legal newspaper at printed my quote about this individual about a year, year and a half ago. Can I say it on here? What the hell? I don't know what it was. I don't remember. Well, I don't think you'll dump it. But they did print it exactly what I said as the, Other papers did not. I said they asked me about this individual. You may want to hold your hand by the button. Oh, they printed it in the Miami review. You dumped it. Yes. Okay. But certainly true. 21 past 11 at WIOD. Well, it's subjective. Well, the people on the phone got to hear it. In fact, there was a proctorologist who said the same thing. We have an open line in Broward 655, WIOD 655-9463. Oh, God. And then there was another one of these old prunes on their yesterday, with Steve talking about the language and he used that word that you just mentioned. Which I didn't dump it because of the word, but just seeing it out just for a whole time, so I'm sure. But it's been a long time. And a guy, he made a very, after all the conversation back and forth, then a guy wasn't screaming or anything. He was, I think, too comatosed to do that. But he made a very profound point. He said, Steve, you know, I'd much rather be called an idiot than an asshole. And I, you know, I thought about that. I thought, gee, that's really profound thinking, you know. I thought about it for hours after the guys started. I thought that. Those are words to live about. Yeah. And I was thinking, you know, I feel the same way. So maybe I am getting old, you know. Anyway, look at this Mike Spindell, a great broadcasting star of the past. Well, yeah, the path from the hopefully the way paths. I've given up the business deal. Well, actually with the activation, you guys have gone through. Well, you can relate to it. You still have a lot of fun on Sunday. Well, no, it's not only that, but, you know, it's for anybody who has been in the broadcast media. The killing effect. The reason I called as first of all to voice my support and to say that, you know, anything that I can do. I've already written my letter and it's gone out along with a cassette. Now, what are you getting? No, I just, I just, you know, by the way, you did get your cassette, didn't you? Oh, thank God. Thank you, wasn't it? Okay. After you had totally embarrassed and humiliated me on the air. But that was the price of getting the cassette. The reason that I called is first of all to voice the support, but also a very unusual thing. You had it on the news yesterday and it was in the herald this morning about Florida has one of us. Nations highest instances are censorship in public school. Yeah, I saw that. And, you know, that was running on your news at the bottom of the hour, the top of the hour. And you're just listening to that in schools and you know that the atmosphere that permeates our Florida and permeates the state is something that you and in your own way and in the humorous way and Stephen his way is trying to basically combat. Well, you know, it is unfortunate that we live in a Neanderthal state, but keep in mind a lot of that stuff goes on up in the central and northern part of the state where they have these Neanderthal backwater kind of redneck Yahoo's who are running the school systems. And of course there are those people here who try to do the same thing. But, you know, the amazing part of it is that over the last several months, thanks to our good friend. You know, this program and yours truly, we've been investigated by just about every agency except the CIA and they find nothing wrong with a program. Nothing inappropriate about anything that we're doing and the only problem they have is with a person who's instigated investigations. Yeah, it's bizarre, you know, I look at it two different ways. So the way that I look at it is your frustration shows through and it was a time for you more or less to air what went on. Now that it becomes a legitimate news story, but isn't it in a way something that this character has been kind of looking for also the, you know, the mention or the not mention of his name, but he probably just getting off on the mention of what. You know, I don't know, I don't think so. A lot of people believe that, but you know, he's he's been reveling in the fact that he's been able to do all of this without us being able to talk about it and do it in the dark without, you know, people exposing what's been going on. And now that people are getting wind of it, including the sponsors and they realize that they're not isolated or alone. You know, they're prepared to respond, believe me. It's the greatest thing that could happen. We thank Sunny Rosenberg profusely. Absolutely. I think the city of<|ko|>andel should hang it's head because it was used in this situation. Yeah, but the the only other thing I want to say is, or anybody out there that wants the support of continues to support your station yourself and Steve is just a patron. Patron are just sponsors. You bet. You bet. Thanks a lot, Mike. Hey, care. 25 past 11. That's Mike Spindell and let me tell you about new trips system right now. Lyndon Susan will be here a little bit later. Don't deal with sure nice to see spike for a second or two. It's 29 past 11 at W. I. O. D. Let's take the mobile and then we'll get into this other incredible story. Yes, it is incredible. Mobile and Broward. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm happy not a town for about a week now. And I just tuned in today. What's going on? What's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, trying to do now? Well, the same thing has been trying to do for 19 months and that is get me off the year. And he's been, you know, harassing our sponsors and harassing anybody's, you know, I know. And now he got the city of Hallendale the other day to pass a resolution condemning the program and all of this other baloney. So now that it's a legitimate news story and it's been written up in the newspapers. We can talk about it and it's out of the closet so to speak. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've been listening to you ever since, uh, Glenn got an ear in W. I and Z. And, uh, I've been enjoying your show. I've got nothing else to say. Great. And, uh, alright. Well, I just wanted to see what that was about. Well, I wouldn't lose any sleep. I mean, every we're going to be here, but just one of those things in life. You know, there's always got to be one. Yeah. In every crowd. Okay. Listen, you have a good one. I just want to tell them to cover himself accordingly. Okay. Thanks a lot. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, that's going to be almost as big as ponderous that expression. Govern yourself accordingly. Every one of his threatening letters at the end, it always says, Govern yourself accordingly, which is just amusing itself. Anyway, when I wait a minute, he can't go out of here. You can't leave now. Where the hell are you going? No, no, no, no, no. Forget about the phone call. You, you started the problem now. Let's get into this. We're changing gears momentarily for just a bit, but fat rich, who tends to be a radio-yenta anyway. Yes. Told someone in the room, it's not me. He's only one other person in the room. A moment ago that Captain Dave, and this is like third hand. Somebody else told Fat Rich who was telling the bird that Captain Dave over at Zeta made a scurrelous attack against the bird on the air over their weaker sogo. Which shocking that anybody would have heard it because nobody's listening to it. That's what's amazing. That is shocking. But I find it very hard to believe because Capri decalls me frequently, and I don't even certainly never indicated to me any animosity there. And Dave and I worked together years ago at Love 94, and I thought we were friends and we worked together at Zeta, and I never ever had any run-in with Dave ever. And if he went on the air and said things about, I'd like to hear from him about... Well, I'd say he said he's the worst cackler, the worst... Yeah, something. Anyway, I have his home phone number. Right, and he's the worst. In my hand. Maybe we'll call him on the air and get this straight now because I don't... We shouldn't have any problems with Captain Dave. I mean there are plenty of other people in that building that were not too fond of. Sure, I mean, someone else, I could. Anybody in management over there, but there are plenty of people who are just subhuman douchebags over there, but he's not one of me's at the moment. I thought. Pretty good guy. Turns out that the story is true of course, he will also be a... That's right, subhuman douchebag. But he never, you know, the year we worked on Zeta with Dave, nothing ever. Ever, how we never had the... And you know, for three people... I think we'll work together in a totally spontaneous thing. Not even close. And there was never even a slightest problem. Well, at least not among us. I mean, a rather problem that I went on. Many of which were connected to what we're discussing these last couple of days. And of course, there were those occasional problems with the... Moody Program Director who would come in in the morning and then march into the control room. While we were on the air and give us dirty, frowning, hostile looks that happened on two or three occasions, which I found totally, bush-league and unacceptable. And in fact, he was in there constantly, and I could never figure that out. But you? He loved it. I don't know. I don't know. And he would like talk out loud in the background while the show is going on. I just... I don't understand him at all at Rose. But of course, when, you know, guy named Rose, that leads him to... Oh, you got to have some questions about that to begin with. I don't know too many guy named Rose. I don't know Pete Rose. But not too many guy named Rose. Not a vice. Here's a call from Stuart. Hello. Hello, Neil, for some color. Buenos dias. Listen, I just got a crazy how-and-out story for you. Let me start by saying this. I got transferred down to this great town for a lot of Dale from Jacksonville, which in your words is a very turmoil society up there. But I listened to a grease man while I was going to college up there. So you are a virgin angel in my book. Well, let's just say angel. Let's leave the virgin part out of it. I got a great how-and- Dale story for you. Okay. I was going to tell computers and I had a appointment with the city of Howlandale. I had been down here about two weeks. Just bought a brand new 1988 Corvette. Was he happy with it? Yeah. What color is it? It's dove gray. Ooh. But anyway, it's only drove it off Fridays because how and Dale was part of my territory. Because of the crazy people down in a way they drive and they carry on. So anyways, make a long story short. I was stopped in front of the diplomat Mall, the red light that I wore the crosswalk is. And I'm looking down on my paperwork for a pair for this big meeting with the big city, Howlandale. And all of a sudden I had this tremendous banging on my car and rattling. And I look up. And here's these two old guys with keys in their hand banging on the hood of my car. So, so obviously I give very upset. I put in the diplomat Mall. I get out of my car and I go up to these two guys and I say, What in the world are you doing? Have you lost your mind? I said, I just sent 35,000 dollars. I would have done that. Oh yeah. And so the guy looks at him and he says, Well, I don't need a car. I walk everywhere. I go and he turned around and walked off. And that was it. That was the explanation. That was his explanation. Oh my God. Anyways, nothing but 1,000 percent from support for me and all the guys at Goals gym and for a lot of day where we train. We think you're a great person. We listen to you all the time and we're under the age of 150. And I tell you, well, just get out there and kick some ass. You're doing great. We need more people and it's what I like you. Amen. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye. I'm going to say that 88 vet minus a red one. But I got news for if anybody even touched pretended to be doing something like that. They wouldn't be walking. They might be crawling. But I mean, that's just incredible. A lot of story. Unbelievable. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 524WioD. And those who can't get through and they can broadcast collect please. We like to pay for it. In Palm Beach 655WioD 655 9463. Okay. I was just going to do something before the break. I was going to give the facts number out again. 757 7516 for those of you pseudo intellectuals who have facts machines. 757 7516 if you want to send us a note or letter. What have you? We've already got several, which is a real promising start. And if you don't have a facts machine, guess what? They got like postage stamps and envelopes. And if you send a log and I slet it to Mike Disney, we cheer appreciate it. There are two Miami cops with a hot-to-beats. They're on the streets fighting crime. They pop. They're the hand-to-can face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Helendale's Bice. We got a problem. The Queen gang is a two-trace. Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds special after seven? Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. There's David Nugge, the clean up the streets. They're lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line. There they're determined. The clean up the smuggling business. All right, to stir your under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife, what's the charge? There's an importer. I'm going to first, uh, let's see that white stuff. Yeah, I just thought she got over 100 bags in here. Oh, for it. Sweet and low. And that restaurant just came out of. What's that guy man? Yeah, they're kind of like in my become. So, uh, hot newbie. In Helendale's Bice. Who's being disqualified on MBC? 1140, a WIOD by the way, Mark Mosley, who did that Helendale Vice thing for us, which was a monster. We're number one with six bullets during the first Helendale battle. A brought by a new one, a second version, which we're having Carted up right now. We thank him in advance. He's just been tremendous to us. And Joey is coming by. Can you believe it? So, Joey will be by shortly and we're looking forward to that. Okay. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Great. Glenn, how are you? They're all gone. They're all like, uh, flitting around the building. Now, so where it's just that. Is there food there, uh, Neil or what? Well, I think it may be coming. Yeah. Well, this is, uh, I wanted to identify myself on the X, homosexual. He's going to be an X lesbian from the Holdover from, a speech show. Oh, yeah. Well, being, and you get yourself straightened out, sir. Yeah. Well, kind of. So to speak. But what I want to do is I want to be an X citizen. I want to move to Hellendale. Hmm. Now, do I have to get a brown shirt to go there, Neil or, and boats, and boats? And they must be above the knee. Go, I need a whip in a chain. Like hip boots, yeah. Really? Really? Well, Neil. I just want to say you've got my support as an X homosexual and former lesbian. Uh, well, I get to be, you know, and X citizen and go to Hellendale. I'm still going to support you. I'm going to work on the underground for you there. Okay. Well, you get your certificate, the proving beyond a shadow of a dot that all of that is in your page. They were sunny. Will allow you to move in. Really? Anyway, that'd be my lucky day, Neil. That is as long as you give up this show also by the way. Uh, I'm sorry. I'll have to go straight to the devil on that. You have to have a radio that's with a dial that's frozen on WOLD. Oh, then I can have that lady who can't change her dial, the grandier. Yeah. You can move in right next door to her, exactly. Oh, that just be duckie. Yep. It's been a pleasure. Good luck, although you don't need it. And I hope you're buried, a guy. Good day. Thank you, sir. Bye. 1142 at WOLD. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463, 655, WOLD, Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hi. Neil, how you doing? Good. A couple things real quick. Um, leader, not. I went to high school at you with a mic Anthony Sun. You're kidding. I'm serious. I'm serious. There was, you have to be a holiday resident again to that meeting. Well, I'm my camper. Oh, my, cut it off. Now, it's open to the public. Anybody, I mean, obviously, the issue transcends Helen Dale. So it is open to the public. Anybody in everybody wants to attend can do so. Yeah. A couple guys, my friends and my, we, a powder, saw some being the young listener. So, uh, anyways, take a minute. We could provide ourselves in with a couple of practice. Wait a minute. There you go. That'll do it. And a couple of Danish men. It'll, that'll get you in faster than anything. And if you're real quick and for a little, there's an open line, right? Okay. Thanks. And he's right at the 5249463. But there it goes. Man, they're just sizzling today. Let me tell you, they're just foaming at the mouth. Uh, where we go in two, four, waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Like the four of the new speaking. Yeah. Oh, um, excuse me. Shocking. Hey, I listened to that show. The one that, uh, somebody called him said something about the data show. Yeah. Uh, but it wasn't, uh, camp day. Who was it? He was there. Brad? No. He was contributed. But it was, uh, the Colonel. The private. The Colonel. Ah, well, here's a little explanation on the story. Now, here's a gentleman who was a W.I.O.D. spy, who were heard. The aforementioned, uh, business over there. So was the Colonel ripping the bird? Yeah, because I guess the bird sits on about, uh, he mentioned something about talent. Or lack of, or something like that. Yeah. What I did was I, uh, heard him. Oh, I didn't know you were there. Yeah, I just came back. I'm sorry. Uh, what I did was I, uh, guess what he's eating for lunch. He's got a BLT. I, uh, I said that the show was the closest thing to unlawful. I had ever heard of my life, which is correct, which is correct. And he really took offense to that. Right. Well, that's a good explanation. Yeah, because I was looking around at dials and, you know, data never saw him. But they were talking and he, remember that sound effect the one. I don't hear too much of it when you guys moved over. Oh, you know, that one. Yeah. Yeah, it was kind of like this one. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's the bird, you know, the cat, the cat, the cat, all the one you guys use all the time. And, uh, but did he name me by name? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The world, lucky a human. Really? Oh, yeah. It was pretty, uh, pretty intensive. Well, when the, when the next trend comes out on the 24th of February, he may be, uh, the, the, the Colonel may be one of the world's unlawful. Uh, uh, uh, uh, to be working on that particular radio station because they're going to have to get a magnifying glass to read the numbers. Really? So what he was saying was, I have the talent and stuff like that. Oh, yeah. And you were a little lucky a human and I would. Yeah. That was basically it, but they kept going on and on. Yeah. Well, that's what it was. That's what I said. And Captain Dave, he was sort of like, you know, I want to tell you a little story. Okay. And I have never really gone through this before because I don't feel like we need to prove anything. There's, you know, the, the track records speaks for itself. But back during the summer of 87 when we were on INZ doing midday. We, we eventually got to see, we had a nine share in a spring book and then we got to see the breakdown of some of the numbers day by day. And on the day before I went on vacation on a Friday, we had average quarter hour list of 11,000 this summer, which I don't think any station in this market is ever had an average quarter hour like that. Thank you, Sharon. And the Monday following that when I wasn't there, Glenn was doing a show alone with nobody else. He had 93 or 94,000 people listening on that day. And remember that. Without me, okay. So anybody wants to put him down and go into a song of dance is only doing it because of jealousy and because of their own lack of ability to generate audience. Yeah. And it is a fact, sir. It is in black and white that the record ratings we got back then the nine and the seven five was when I was on the show. Right. You know, the big ratings were when I was there. I thought I'd do a little penguin on you. I appreciate it. Okay. Thanks a lot. You know, of course, on the nine oldest, I've been busking you guys. You know, A.M. The other A.M. And it broke you did a good job in a movie together day. I was impressed. I thought I was in a text 30. Oh, now let's not go crazy. And now you're really getting ready to go. Remember, pal, what come through round? See you later. Right. 1147 a WI today. We have an open line in Broward, 5249463. So you see? I feel bad. Yeah. You feel better because it wasn't Captain Dave. It was the Colonel with some help from Brad the buck kissing Colonel. Yeah, I did make any sense. But you know, Rich, rich is very emotional guy and gets all carried away. Anyway, after we do this break, we have thanks to our good friend Mark Mosley from Power 96. We have Hallendale Vice 2, which will be debuting. In moments, and we thank Mark profusely from the bottom of our parts. This is his contribution to this campaign. Here we are in another campaign. And it comes totally out of the blue because we're just here doing our thing. Doing our thing. And all of a sudden, we get the frantic call on, was it Monday? Tuesday. The frantic call out front. And was the Harold and the Hannibal meeting and all of this. Which we knew nothing about. Right. And here we are again. Anyway, if you're a sports nut like I am and you're a cable company. Isn't providing the sports channel. Man, you are missing it. Okay? I mean, you get some of these other sports intensive type of channels on there. I don't want to mention any names. And they give you that Olympic number. It's just a joke, but the sports channel is going to be. I don't think I'll turn on the old Rogers. All right, there. Pow, don't touch that dial. Oh my god, it's sunny. It's hallantale ice too. Sunny is revenge. Yeah, it looks like we got him. Thank you. I'm going to be a sportsman. I'm going to be a sportsman. I'm going to be a sportsman. I'm going to be a sportsman. I'm going to be a sportsman. I'm going to be a sportsman. Yeah, it looks like we got him. Thanks for the tip, Mrs. Aquacoy. You're welcome, Sunny. I mean, I know he was a sick girl when I threatened him the fight. I need to look at this. He even had this filthy, was looking at me. My god, it's the Ted Bundy pictures. Looks like we stopped other future mess right around here. Come back, moron. That's great. Somehow in daylight, say, again, thanks to you, Sunny. Just doing my job, Mrs. Aquacoy. By the way, I'm going to need your name and phone number. We contact you later. Let me get you my card. It's the full side drop of my point. Say, what's that said? So a lot of your purse. Ah! 1153 on WI-B-2B continued. Hmm. They couldn't be little pink packages. Good thing. Anyway, thank you, Mark. You're great, American. Even if you do work over there at the power 96. We have an open line in date, 751-9463. I guess we've got it all covered. Not because Tanner called yesterday. Cock calls chronic, okay. And now we got Mark Mosley. Oh, we need a gym really to call that. You're one of your biggest fan. Yeah, big fan of mine. Delray, hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Hi, Glenn. Hi. Like you, Chef. Got a couple of thanks for your help. I guess you're pal, Murray, Puppek. It's Murray, too. Connie, John. Yeah. Yeah. I thought Neil would lie me and I climbed with like that. Yeah. Also there's a restaurant up in the Kane Valley in West Virginia, where I go skiing every year. In the one in the Kane Valley, Puppek in the mountains. In the inane valley. I guess what the name of it is. The L duck. Wow, duck. He yelled up. Incredible. Wow. That's almost as good as that liquor stir-wrought in Colorado. No, beaver liquor. Oh, God. Beaver drink. That's true story. That was great. Yeah. Hey, listen. My wife is in the healthcare field and so constantly she feels a lot of elderly people all day. And she says that all of the knocks just once, their biggest problem you know with the main topic of the day is, Bowl, fixation. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They got to talk to my dogs. And maybe that's their problem down in Hounddale. Good boy. Good point. Yeah. Well, a lot of those people haven't had a good VM like in 20 30 years. Yeah. It's a little frustrating. Can you imagine? Yeah. I think they just talked to Sunnyman and I saw the problem. Thanks. Listen, I'm out of material. Okay. Have a good one. Good day. My. You're 15. 55 at WIOD. We have an open line in it's wide open and focus so to speak at 278 9463 278 WIOD. It was a lot to that last. There's certainly one. I want you to ponder that call for WIOD. Just sit there and kind of think about it. A pop of no. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Okay. I know. Did you read that article in the Miami Harrow yesterday? Did I read it? Yeah. Yeah. Unbelievable. I can't believe some of the stuff this guy said. What do you think we've been talking about here for like three days now? Oh, I know. But I had never read any of the articles. I barely get to listen to you during the day because I have to drive all day and I'm always making stops. So I can only hear bits and pieces. Yeah. Well, that's why the tip of the iceberg really makes. Oh, I just can't believe this guy's actually got the hooks, but it's due to the end of time and the time. And the time to do it. Oh, I know. It works. What a life. Talk about a richful life man. I think I must have nothing better to do than go around and try to persecutate people. Well, it's a hobby. You know, like baseball card collecting or a stamp collecting, I guess, must be a hobby. Yeah, I guess. I mean, if he's got nothing better to do. I mean, what is he thinking to go accomplish? It's just a lot of grief. And he certainly is accomplished doing that. But the worm is turned my friend, believe me. Oh, I believe it. Well, we're all behind here and pop it out. And I just got a staying on state home from work to make it a second supposed to be anyway. You have supposed to be. I just want to those days. It's not going to work. So I know my boss is out running around doing my route for me and stand a few less thing. I know you say you hate Neil, but I know you really do a listen. That's correct. Yeah, hi, Stan. How you doing? Stan, how you doing? Have a good day. You know, I do spend a lot more. Okay. Thanks a lot, Neil. Good work, pal. All right. Thanks. Well, do we have an open line in Broward if you move like light up too late? Boy, too late. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes. I've been waiting to talk to Neil. This is Neil. Neil, I'm off from that. You know, I just... Tell me, it's called on my intercom. Now, I have a private number. Not in a book, not listed and nothing. And go to my own talking to about you. Do you want to hear the tape? What do you mean, calls on your intercom? They call that my husband machine. And I don't know the person. And they're using my phone number, which I don't know. And they're talking about you. You want to hear this? I'm going to call up the gentleman, company, and Broward my stack. There's no bad language on him, is there? No. Go ahead. All right, hold on. Mm-hmm. My... Renery? Mm-hmm. It's 11.58 at WIOD. I thought they were talking about us, not about sponsors. What is that? Or the playboy, great playmate, Sharon Hunt knows what I like. She takes care of me. You have no idea. Another... One of these wonderful, man. Wow, look at that. Isn't that interesting? Okay, hold on to that. Okay, I'm interesting what you wrote that on. Anyway, we're almost at the end of the hour. And that's in... Because by the time we let the label back up again and all of that stuff. Oh, we do have a mobile in Broward. That would be great. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. First time, Carter, I want to string a video of stores and I've been paying attention to what's been happening last few days. That's something very important to say about it. When these type of things happen, censorship, it does... How about if these people is reactionaries? Yep. You know, when we run videos, like what they see, they can turn it off. When you listen to your car, really, you have all things in the radio and your house. If you don't like the material, turn it off. Right, 20 seconds. Okay. When this happens, government is almost communism. You bet fascism. The fascism is exactly that. That's... Well, anyone in city a hell and day will want to censor what's on a radio in the greater community. That's fascism. That's the next step. You get that line, I tell you. No. That does it. Okay. On the steam cane show, the other day, women crawled in. You're going to listen to Neil and I know that I was developing tricks like that. And then I stopped and it won't be at all right. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Out of right. Have a good one. Open light and date and in Broward. 751 WioD. I have two four WioD. Have a wonderful life here's April with the news on 610 WioD. Well, see what people disrupt your damn show. That's what happens. Okay. Yes. It's sitting here doing a radio show. Bada, bada, bada, bada, bada, bada, bada, bada. No, no, no, no. Cheesecake. Now that was perfect. Wasn't it that was incredible. It's making that mean the shit. All on the old folks of the mall. I checked you and I see you. No, they never say please. Just wait for their ever special to come. Wait till we get in good up at 100. Sit you for the boss he fell up in a glass. And how near the plane that there's a top host to play. But they know. It's their own damn farm. They never fall. They're shoving in the line. They get the girl ever on the track. They're pushing just as loud as they can. And once they're seated, they get over the heat. That's the girls we know in that bag. Wait till we get in good up at 100. Lookin' for that long lost fowl girl you. And how near it's there that gets up all the proofs of day. But for some. And kind of mind the blue. You're folks don't know the reason. Why nothing is pleasing. The muscles aching that you just don't think. But what doesn't matter? When they call up near and chat on the road. I hate you to never listen to your shun. I'm wasting away again and just got all heartened. Just the boss and met up in the slant of rain. And how near they claim that it's a dark host to blame. But near knows they can't wait for her shun. And how near they claim that it's a dark host to blame. But near knows they just can't wait for her shun. Okay we're back to it a radio show. Ten minutes after noon at Wild. Just scouring. Looking for food. There is no. There is a cookie there. One left that rich isn't. What is that? We really need to have an idea when you're going to take your vacation. We're starting about ten minutes. And what is that? I'll be damned. We got more fruit in this place than Uncle Charlie's. That's great fantastic. Incredible. Don't forget that facts number. Let's give the facts machine number. He's not paying any attention to what I'm saying. All he cares about is the fool. I know. Look at this. I can't. I can't. I can't. Anyway, the facts number. Roughlyless. All parking machines are doing this all exhilarating. Petting. Some table braking charcoal. geographical support. 75 775racic. Thanks a lot. Thank you a lot. Amazing. Excellent. one second okay but we got kind of distracted there because they had a phone call which was um you know not all that exciting but you know the way these things are right. It really wasn't all exciting but it was okay. Papadohanus is coming into a big weekend and it's all part of the Silver Anniversary celebration at Papadoh Park this Friday night. Papadoh is presenting an exciting exhibition that will please everybody in a family of all ages especially those kids. The world famous cool Muffadee. 1214 we want to thank Larry for their fruit. And everybody's just going nuts over the fruit here in WIW. Did that out of provoking other letter huh? Oh yeah okay let's go to a Pompano hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah first of all like to have my support second of all like to pay a lot. I already packed you something on the machine. It's really easy to get through if anybody's wondering how hard it's gonna be. Great 757 7516. My nose doesn't anything do with the how and how people buy. I don't know what happened to over junior. He calls us once in a while. Once in a while. E.J. Yeah. He's not in his support group or. Oh yeah. I'd like to hear from our feet out there. Okay I'm sure he is man I bet you you ask for him it's like asking for Paul Harvey Jr. to call it. Just a matter of moments. I'm sorry now take it easy. Okay thank you. 1215 and WIWD we have a request for callers. How do you like that? We cut out requesting for songs now we're getting requests for callers. If Veggie and Bokus calling in. Come pump me careful now. You gotta be careful with that there. I can't stay mad at the veg. Can you? He just he just wanted a bumper sticker that's all he just wanted us to arrange our lives for his convenience. He's just a big fan. You don't want to hurt his feelings do you? He's a nearly. Yeah. Yeah. So to speak. Anyway, Joey is on his way I don't know what Joey is walking. What do you have to sell his car? Come on Joey get serious will ya? But oh you did send him a bumper sticker already so if the veg calls that can't be the excuse anymore. I got a great idea. I think we just don't do this spontaneously okay because it sounds like it makes sense to me. If people will send letters of support to me. Oh, we will send them one of those new unbelievable new lodges. WIOD bumper stickers. How's that sound? That's a good way to get a lot of people off their butt. Because most people want something you know. We won't send them any tapes. A bumper sticker. Sure. And we'll have rich mail them. And in very tiny Hebrew letters on the back I'm gonna write some really racy stuff. Okay. So that's a good idea. Just send your letters and request for the bumper stickers to Neo Rogers WIOD Miami 33141. They read they don't look too bad. It look good as a matter of fact. Great. Isn't that a good idea and share and of course can fill all the requests. And there's more stuff. What is this? Oh this is a, oh you know I understand that don't panic. Do not panic. But do remember that God loves you okay? Let's go to a mobile and Palm Beach, Chillow. Neo. Yes sir. Yeah it's what it calls to hide you and Glenn. Hi. Hi. Listen I wanted to let you know something. I think that people over 175 years old should not be given ATM cards. Good. Good. Thank you. Well I get a little confused you know they forget those numbers. I went to public that just got back from there and there's this old fart and he's standing there trying to put his gas card at the ATM machine. Uh huh. All right. Tell him that it's not gonna work. He calls me a jerk. We shouldn't be away from the ATM machine and it takes him 27 minutes to figure out what his numbers are. Check his account balance. Get his money out. I wanted to kill him Neil but I just kept thinking what would Neil Rogers do so I calm down and let him win. Yeah I would just go on here and talk about it just like you're a doughnut. So that's your idea. Uh. Thanks Neil. Okay good luck to you pal. Thanks. Bye. 1218 at WIOD we have an open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 655 W. I O.D. Carol City. Hello. Hello Neil. How are you? Great. Well we're doing it. Yeah. I just missed a giant cock. I like to speak to Judy Lickman. To who? Judy Lickman. I'm Carol Ford. Oh yeah Judy Lickman. Who does busy advancing class right now she's doing a little cos acting and spinning her drape. So she'll be out of the later pal. All right. Damn Judy Lickman. Yeah. Carol. Okay. Well good luck to pal and obviously the radio signals and Carol City are affecting your brain. Woo. Good. Oh yeah. He was good. I like him a lot. 1219 at WIOD. Well when you live under those towers over there man it just gets ponders you know gets really ponders in Carol City. I wonder which towers those could be he asked. Let's go to plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. What's up? I want to speak to Glenn from the next. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. What's happening? Uh, not a heck of a little why. Okay. Anyway. Um, I actually like some about flinching or the dragon running all and trying to put him down. And I just want to compliment Glenn on something I heard a few weeks ago we had the riots down in Miami. Um, a car shot up from California. He was here for Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Remember that? Should vividly. Yeah. And Glenn you're here normally laid back kind of guy. Right. I rarely ever will say something. I saved that for when I really mean it. Yeah. But that was just going to be just kind of exploded. That was incredible. Yeah. Because I mean you were writing your assessment of him. He was an asshole. I was really impressed. Good. Don't think so on. Yeah. I knew. I was friend of the friend of Carter was my Anthony son. Oh yeah. We also want to school with him. And he took the guy called you. He took him down in station one time and saw you and took him up in the copter with the jet copter. He was a real good guy. He made the Virginia thing. Who's that? Um, hit Mike Anthony to the son. Oh, he's son. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Well, we're going to the meeting. Well, I can't wait to voice our support. Yeah. We'll have a little have a cater. We'll have a little party. Great. All right. Take it easy. Bye. Bye. Twenty minutes past noon at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 524 9463. 524 WIOD. Here's a call from Hallendale. Good afternoon. Nail and Glenn. Yes. I am a long time. Let's not on the first time call. Well, I hope this call isn't being traced by sunny. No. Anyway, congratulations on your great suit three publicity in the Harendale Digest Day. I normally pick it up at the weekend, but I couldn't wait to get it today to see what they had written about you. Um, anyway, I just want to share a story with you. I picked up my 10 year old daughter yesterday from school and Koshio is Mrs. Yuba. She likes listening to her on Saturday morning. And she has Steve Kaint talking about you. And she said, mommy, what's happened to your Rogers. So I told her very briefly. And her answer was, what all they have to do is turn the dial. That this is from a 10 year old kid. So it makes you wonder, you know, what the old people are all about. I mean, I've lived in Harendale for seven years or I should say I have survived in Harendale for seven years. And it's pretty sad in a way. You know, I'm hoping to learn a very, very dear lesson for the future. Anyway, another thing I wanted to mention to you, I would be interested to know where the Mr. Thompson's law firm is behind him in all this or whether he practices on his own. So on his own, yeah. Oh, he knows. Oh, yeah. With that kind of sense. And also, it's amazing because the third bar has been receiving over the last few months a lot of adverse publicity in their dealings with clients, et cetera, and I'm surprised that he wants to bring even more attention to colleagues and whoever, you know, in the storage by it doesn't say an awful lot for them. Yeah, well, he's bringing a lot of attention to himself and he really got a government himself accordingly, you know what I'm saying? Well, I mean, it's very, very interesting because the law here is very different from England where I come from. And it will be very interesting to see what happens. But I'm totally on your side and says, my 10 year old daughter. And I have just about 10 minutes ago, meld, a pro-neal letter. Excellent. We appreciate it. And I wish you lots of lots of lots. Thanks a lot. I'm saying hi to sunny forest. I will do. Okay. Bye bye. 23 minutes past noon at WIOD. We have an open line in Halandale at 5249463, 524 ancient in Halandale. And much to it, very nice. They're a lot of nice people in Halandale. And they're a lot of nice people in Halandale. And they're simply for having to live there. Yeah. Anyway, Joey is on the way. Isn't he? That's what we hear. That's the popular hearing we're in. We're in two and one of these minutes, man. He just may show up. Okay. Right now, maybe Joey stopped off at Cherhat for a great lead. He caught 26 in WIOD and let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you familiar with the Halandale outhouse caper? I sure am. Well, in retrospect, perhaps you shouldn't be so hard on these people from Halandale for getting caught up by this guy, Thompson. I mean, that kind of mentality. Caper in around 60, 70 year old guy, stepping in an outhouse and mill the night. Yeah, that should tell you. How's your something? Okay. Well, said, sir. Thank you very much. Okay, you're welcome. 26 past noon at WIOD. Boy, those grapes are delicious. Yeah. I'm going to show up. We have an open line in day, 751. There it goes. Boca, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I got a solution to that school and Halandale's problem. Your problem and my own problem. Yeah. A few maybe it's going to come to your back. I think you made an offer that somebody gave you like a million bucks. You get out of the market. Yeah. Okay, well, you're worth much more than a million dollars right now. I'm going to let more now, such as up to 2 million, yeah. Okay, well, here's a big problem to this. Actually, there's two problems. Why don't you make them that offer again? Maybe say buy out your contract and come up with a couple of million bucks. Yeah. The problem is, it's how it's going to raise two million bucks in Halandale. Well, maybe we could sell this compacts of sweet and low that might do it. Well, I'm thinking, you know, whatever it takes to get the job done and you know, when you move out of the market, you have to tell me where you're going so I can move there myself. Yeah, well, I'd probably keep it a big secret because you never know who else might move along with me, you know. No, no, no, no, no, you got to tell everybody where you're moving to because we can just follow you there. Okay, well, make a long story. Sure, I'm not going anywhere, okay. Oh, well, for two million bucks? No, maybe. Well, dot, dot, dot. Because they don't have to see the cash first. Okay, when you see it in the front of you, then it, you know, it adds a different dimension. Yeah. The only thing, talk is cheap. Right. The chances of real slam that they could raise two million bucks in the time like that. Yeah. The second problem is I want to share it too. Okay. And now, well, good luck. You see, it's been a great call, but it's going to really pondress. 12 28 at WIOND. We have an open line at Boca, 278, 9463, 278, WIOND. And let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hello, Neil. Hello, Glenn. Hi. Hey, I hear from time to time. You keep telling people if they don't like you program, that you just simply turn it off. That is correct. I've got other old trainatives, but the real truth of the matter is this, Neil, that they are no other WIOND programs. You are Mr. Radio. Well, if that's the case, then, you know, that's the bottom line here. I'm not your radio, then they got up in the complain about that's right. And it's a definitely. You did mention yesterday you wanted to send a box of hollow balls with some excellent stuff to sunny. I do mention, I'd remember you say in that. Well, let me put it to you this way. It couldn't hurt. No, but the idea is this, if you really want to make a ZI stand up for the end of his head, save the hollow ball, send him the X-Laxes, cover with chocolate, and mix with a little crazy glue. I think Donald's really doing a trick. I was thinking to do an out with my dog, but being a great humanitarian, and I had a second feelings about it, you know. It's definitely a Friday night when I play little polka with my friends. I always keep telling the deal, if it gives me a Neil and a Glenn. And they don't understand what I mean. Yeah, they're singing a coin, yeah. But we're not, no, you're wrong. I'm not going to get my Neil and I get my Glenn, then I say, read him a week boy, so I got a pair of bases back to back. Right, okay. I thought King and Queen would have been cuter. Okay, let's have a great day. We appreciate it. 1230 a WIOD. We have an opening in date and Broward. Now we have a little miniature crisis on the phone for the first time all day. In date County 751, WIOD and in Broward, 524, 9463. Now Rich was getting just a little bit apoproctic because I did say about the bumper stickers. I neglected to mention, please be sure along with your letter. Now if you send a hate letter, you're not going to get a bumper sticker, okay? It's like those people that send hate letters, nothing. They say have a nice day. But anyway, along with your letters and the request for the bumper sticker, send a stamp self-adrest envelope, okay? Wouldn't it be nice? And not one of those teeny, we need little small envelopes because, yeah, I mean, we could fold the bumper sticker up 17 different ways, but it ain't going to look too good that way, right? Okay, here's a mobile implantation, hello. I know. Yeah. I enjoy your show. Okay, great call. Yeah. College order. Well, car phone, you want to keep it short and sweet at the point. 1231 and WIOD. We have another room for another short collar and Broward. 5249463. Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yeah. You're right. How you doing? I have no right now to live in Hallendale. Well, good for you, sir. Are you just the fact that you're a busy needs people in Hallendale? Yeah. I'll take you to the 11 for a second collar. I mean, yeah. Well, that's obvious, man. I mean, I can't follow you for a lover money, man. Well, I enjoy your program for a budget. Yes, I was 62-year-old senior citizen. I enjoy your program. Like, fortunately, I don't listen. Sir, please don't say you're a senior citizen. Okay, you're 62, but that's life, you know. I'm 62-year-old young. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. And some of these people, there is always they feel like children. It's younger than I. Great. I'm a family. And I enjoy life. And I don't live down the Syria. I live in Fort St. Louis. And I live up in the steck. And, like I said, I enjoy your program for a money. And, uh, keep up the good work. And, uh, I play a lot of some of these guys. Okay. Have a great day. Okay, Neil. Thanks. 1232 at WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach now, which is especially valuable. Because all the other lines are tied up. So if you're living anywhere outside of Palm Beach, you can use tie-up that line by calling collect 655 WIOD. Especially the mobiles. We get a lot of mobile calls on Palm Palm. I'm old. Because they know they can get right through. And then we'll put them right on because they have a soft heart. And the mobile people always, you know, make everybody else wait a lifetime. Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got a blue hair observation for you. Yes, sir. Yeah. We're going to grocery store. And you get me to use it. How many people are actually shopping for the first time in your life? Just 10 or 5 minutes. I just wonder what this stuff is. Well, it's a very complex thing to do, you know. I don't want to end grocery shopping. Yeah. I mean, it's like the first thing everybody will let because every time that we're at that. Where's the milk at? Where's the milk at? If you don't have the same thing over and over and over again. Yeah. And then, of course, they go into the meat department and squeeze the meat, which always just wind, drives me nuts. Right. And then when they get up there, they have a hole in the package from their nails through it. Yeah. But the thumb print in the meat is little, you know. It's okay if they take it, but then when they leave it, you know. Yeah. That's what that theory means. If you squeeze one, the next one you get going to be a good one and you just throw that that would be better. Is that what it is? That's an interesting philosophy of life. If you squeeze one, the next one you get going to be a good one. That is definitely words to live by. And I got one other thing. Sometimes I go to FIU and, you know, I listen to woof you, at least what I'm down there because it's a place I can hear it. But then I don't have that because that's what I'm going to go for that. Really? Yeah. She don't have a show on that station, does she? Yeah, she does. I keep her in mind about knocking you. Well, what's her name? It's Jackie G. Oh, Jackie G. Well, that's a different story. Yeah, that's a secret lady. She related to duty T. Yeah, that's her secret. I know the one you did that thing about you, but they don't do it anymore. They don't. Well, we hope they clean up their act. Hey, well, thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, nearby. How you doing? Have your year. Are you? Oh, it's chicken. The work and the ritual is like we're getting surely about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I know you're again. They're struggling. They're struggling. I bet you're tired of listening to talk on morning video. I also bet you're tired of listening to that homosexuals eat on the air. This is me, Malina and the morning. Every Tuesday from 7 to 10 a.m. On WUFI, 5.30 a.m. University Park, North Miami. I'll wake you up to the best progressive past to offer. Yeah. Anyway, the 1234 at WIOD. Let me tell you about Toyota Hollywood. If you're in a market for a great new IOD. I'll be darn 1238 at WIOD. Let's go to, is this a mobile and Palm Beach? Chillow. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Hi, man. Just wanted to come on tell you. I drive back and forth between Palm Beach and Miami every day. Every day. My office is up there and most of my business is down in Miami. And if it wouldn't be for you guys and Steve, I never make it. Especially during the traffic jam, when I'm 95. By the way, I don't know if anybody told you about a pair of signs that we've got in Palm Beach on the turn bike. You're heading north, going towards Palm Beach. Palm Beach. They got one sign that says, West Palm Beach 7 miles or a land of 162. 5 feet behind it. There's another sign says, West Palm Beach 11 miles or a land of 170. Yeah. They know what they're doing, man. Oh, you're right on top of it. I figured maybe the town moves, so they just, you know, they have two signs. Yeah. Just in case it ever does. Right. Okay. You guys have a great day and take care of the shoes. I get back to the office. I'll be factoring a letter out there. Thanks for making me. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. But I'm sorry. Okay. We're getting tons of good stuff on the effects machine. I have a great idea that I had, if I do say so myself, miles of stuff. Now, when you talked about Helen, I'll go say in the files. I'm not saying Brad, okay. It's a very tasteless. 7 5 7 7 5 1 6 is that number for the facts machine for all you suits out there that have facts machines. Now, I guess a lot of people, especially businesses have got all sure. 7 5 7 7 5 1 6 are like this. Here on is just racing in here with the facts machines stuff. I totally keep her busy somehow, you know. Look at that. In, credible. I guess we, we really can't get Larry King into record that number. That would be excellent. Larry, can't. Here's a question for the bird. How do you feel about Donna Dixon? Not my time. Hmm. Who is it? Movies. That Dave Dixon sister. Movie star. And it says by the way, do you guys walk around like they didn't talk radio during the show? Yes, we do. They put us on a lease so we can only get as far as the door. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. The. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that we supported you and we had a letter out Tuesday. Thank you. To support you. And one thing I want to remind you of that, you know, I listened to you most every day. Some days when I have to go out, I put you on a tape. And one day about three weeks ago, you had a real hilarious story about, about the. The Hell and Day of Commission with a guy named free me with a stock and all that. Yeah, the dock that was six inches too long. Right. Oh, yeah. Right. Yeah. And I had a leave right in the middle of that. And I I stayed the last minute and I take that. And I just happened to hear listen to that tape again this morning. And I said, yeah, the reminder about that. But you had mentioned it. And it was a real funny story about something about his stock being a couple inches too big. Right. And he was in front of the commission. And they pushed approved it. And then they, they resented the premise and all that. And he was in all kinds of trouble. They called each other names. Yeah. Do you remember that story? Is your, how can you forget it? Yeah. And I was just wondering that, you know, if you contacted that guy or whoever he is, I forgot what the names were. But you contacted that guy for, to go down with you. He had the same harassment problem as everybody else that was down from that company. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Well, I guess they got no real problems over there in hell. And they were, that's probably a great to PR thing for him for the chamber of commerce over there. Because when you live in a city, that only is time for stuff like this. They must have everything under control. Yeah. You said it. Well, okay. I just want to remind you about that. Because I noticed it was so close to, you know, not exactly like your story. You know, just another problem with that commission that everybody sees to be having. It's unbelievable. Okay. Good luck to you. Have a good time. Thanks a lot. It's 1242 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County at 751. WIOD. Don't forget Steve this afternoon has a program on pornography and Ted Bundy. And of course, almost everybody in the world now is to see that tape that ridiculous and tried tape about Ted Bundy and all these, you know, he always had to have somebody else to blame for everything that he did. Anyway, the three guests on a panel will be, suit the sensor. No, that's true. SUV. Suit the sensor. The sensor. Yeah. O suit come of the sensor. Fred shots, sex expert, probably a C. More pornography than almost anybody in the world. Even Steve. And Norman Kent, who of course, he know well. Okay. And Tony, who defends first amendment situations, just like the one we're talking about. A hallowed Dale. Hello. Hello sir. Yes sir. I want to call and tell you that I really support you. I'm from Los Angeles and I'm here on a work release for five months. And I think you and Glenn are fantastic. The best way you've ever heard. Well, if you're from LA, that's probably true. They got some pretty boring stuff out there. Yeah. K&X. It's just all talk and no good talk. Yeah. And I was boring people on KABC. I went to the City of Hellendale offices this morning to do some business. And I saw a brand new blue vet in there. So the blue hair should dry and blue that's no. Yeah. And then I picked up that Hellendale to handler. That the new day of the day. The Hellendale died just not to be confused with the Hollywood Sun Tattler. So you get these big papers man in the big cities. They all like blend together. But they're really ripping you apart. I mean, that is taking the first amendment. The way you should be taking the first amendment. Yeah. If they can do it and be little out of people, I can't see why you can't do it. And be a wonderful joke. They're about it all. Well, we are. That's the amazing part. And we're going to continue to do it. And those people who think that they're going to single-handedly dictate what we can say. They've got a real surprise coming. They can write all the cute little letters and all the cute articles that they want. But they got a real surprise. You know, Hitler died 44 years ago. I, you know, being from a wide open place like Los Angeles and San Francisco, coming here to this close-minded. Yeah, it's a culture shock. You may want to reconsider my friend. Well, at least when you live here, you can see the sun. And when you're in LA, you know it's up there, but you never see it. At least here you see it. You see it? And boy, it takes a long time to get to the sun, no, because these people drive so slow. Yeah. And everybody is either from back east and 150 years old or from a foreign country that I can't understand. Right. What's the idea? That's why it makes for good communication. Well, listen, it's great here from you. Have a good one. And after a couple more years, you're really hated, okay? Okay, thanks. 1245 in WIOD. We have an open line in Broward, 524, 9463524. WIOD. Boy, look at this. Sharon is just a busy, busy child today with these facts machine notes. Joey, what is, what is Joey coming like a week from a circus? Joey probably went to Zeta. Huh? Yeah, I'm sorry. Somebody pick up Joey out there on the I-95. Joey, probably had a cello's car or something. But these letters are great. And other things, they're great. Little cute, cute, cute. You see, it's a 10, yeah. Brilliant, Joey. Don't go reading this on here, but it's a little cartoon. It's a two-part cartoon at your really get a great chuck a lot of. That facts machine. Wow. Okay, let's see. What are we doing? We haven't opened it in Broward 524 WIOD. We'll go to Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. How are you doing? Great. I want to explain this. This is my philosophy about people in Hell and Down. The difference between the old people in my and my and my and my and beach. Yes. The people in my and beach are educated. They don't have a turn of dial. You may be right. People in Hell and Down. They didn't. The little flaming faggle it down there. Yeah. So I'm a sensual letter dressed to him. Well, maybe Sunny still has one of those old. What did they call those radios with the crystal set? Yeah. You know, they're only tons in one station. Well, I've done this. I'm a sensual letter to send to him. And I hope there's no restriction on what we can say. Not as long as we got anything to do about it. Okay. Thanks a lot. 1246 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. 751 WIOD. 751 9463. By the way, our attorney friend thinks that I called him a flaming faggle or so he alleges and something I just saw. Haven't done that at any point. My reference to that is always to Sunny Rosenberg, the mayor of Hell and Down. He only means I say that is to remind the audience that he used that line about me two years ago, which is a totally bigoted and disgusting homophobic remark. And for the mayor of a for a public official in any city to be making that comment is just a little bit more of a sense of the way that he's doing. So, if there are God forbid any gay people who live in Hell and Down, you might want to check around and move out. Because obviously the mayor of your city has got some serious problems with homophobic serious serious serious serious. Look at that. These staff at Miami International Airport. Okay. The phones will be ringing over there. Miami International, Lanymene, and that's the governor yourselves accordingly. Let's take our break here now. That'll give us a little time for some of these calls when we come back. It's 1247 at WIOD. Turn on the old Rogers. All right, there, pal. Don't touch that dial. Oh, my God. It's Sunny. It's Ellen Dail. Nice. Two. Sunny. Rip it. Yeah, looks like we got him. Thanks for the tip, Mrs. Aquacoy. You're welcome, Sunny. I mean, I know he was a sick girl when I pennied him the fight. I need to look at this. He even had this milk he was looking at. My God. The Ted Bundy pictures. Looks like we stopped other future masks right here in Hell. Come back. More on. The straight somehow in daylight, say, again. Thanks to you, Sunny. I still have my job, Mrs. Aquacoy. By the way, I'm going to need your name and phone number. We contact you later. Let me get you my card. Oops, I dropped my point. Say, what's that said? Fill out of your purse. Ah! 1252, I'm a WIOD. Let's go to Water Hill. Hey, Neil, hurry up. Great. Run, run, time, listen first time, power. Well, listen, I just touched the car. I wanted to come and touch my support. Great. And all my friends, my kids listen to you. And they're young, they're in the pies. And I love you, and I just wanted to make a point. These people are now in down here again. So there's so many other causes to get involved with First Law, the homeless. You know, I mean, you remember to do it. And kick those with condominium. Why don't they spend their time doing something or a while? Well, because the small group of individuals you're talking about are a bunch of hateful, malicious, nasty, bitter people. You know, who are the stereotypes of the things we talk about here all the time. And because they relate to what they understand, that's why it hits a raw nerve with them because they can't, they can't stand the exposure. I guess that's what it is. But anyway, I want to let you know that you have a lot of support, do not doubt that. I want to call my friends, come in, or you'll wait or do that. Okay. I'll check it out, boys. And you can send me in some support by now as well. Thanks so many. We appreciate it. Bye. Bye. 1254, a WIOD. This was handed to me. You should read this and you'll understand it at first until you get down into the while I want you to read it out loud. Baby bush. Yeah. Meet the latest edition of the bush plan. Actually Walker Bush is the president's newest grandchild. Born on Tuesday to share an annealed bush in January to Neil. That's cute. Yeah. Well, there are no coincidences. Neil Bush is the president's son. Yeah. Look at the look on his face. Like, isn't this astonishing? It's shocking. We're expecting a baby fawn. Oh. Well, what I bush family there, they're pretty entertaining. You know, I'm telling you, mark my words. He's going to be more amusing than jury for it. He really is. My name is, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, buddy? Terrific, pal. All right. I just want to let you know that we're all standing behind you in support. Yeah. Every time I turn around, I see all these people like several yards behind. Not well, not that close. Okay. Did you read the article in the Houndale Digit today? We sure did. We told him we wrote parts of it on the air. Yeah. I like to one of the city's crusade against Rogers. Eventually died a natural death. Because of a lack of support, according to the Iatola Intendol. What's this problem, that guy? Well, I think lack of common sense. Lack of any, you know, since they can't do anything positive about the real problems over there, they have to make a lot of stimulus about this kind of stuff. Yeah. Tell me, this also Thompson said that it's not a vendetta against you, not a personal vendetta. Oh, yeah. How long has it been going on with him? Only 19 months. No. Oh, yeah. Not in serious. Nothing important. You know, something in a spare time. Funny. I managed a condo just just south of the day, Broward line in the adventurer area. And we've got some very nice elderly people. And we get along just wonderfully. Well, there are a lot of them out there. I'd say, I'd say, even maybe 30, 40% of our senior citizens are reasonable, rational people who, you know, feel a lot younger than their real age. And that's great. Yeah. Then we have that other gigantic, and I have to take a session with one thing Steve, he said, he said, it's just a small handful of these people. It's not true at all. There are gigantic numbers of people out there who's behavior and restaurants and supermarkets on a highway, everywhere they go is just absolutely socially unacceptable. We have a few that are just sourpusses, but I think those people have been sourpusses all their life. Yeah, yeah, they were prunes when they were 15 and 20. You're right. New you hanging there, buddy. We're hanging. We love you. Thanks. 1256 at WIOD, and we have a little crisis on the phone. Not a major one. We got a couple of open lines. That's a little crisis. Well, Palm Beach, of course. One in Broward. Not there goes, uh, bait is ringing. One in Broward. Five, two, four. WIOD. Well, that fruit is really coming back strong, but it was good. Thanks Larry. The fruit was great. What is it? What is it? Is that grapefruit, sir, oranges or what? Wow. Oh yeah, and Lyndon Susan are going to be here to a clock. I was forgot about that with Nutri system. Okay, and Palm Beach line is also wide open, man. I know that comes as a great shock to you. That's the only way to get through as I speak right now. The 655, 9463, 655, WIOD. Are we talking loud enough for you in Palm Beach? Miami, hello. Yeah. Well, the things I think to probably the problem might be with these old forts. The reason they don't turn their dial is they're flatting and miss something historically funny. Yeah. You know, they can't turn it off with this drill because, yeah, do you say something that's going to offend them, but it's just directly funny anyway. By the way, just got this, you're going to love this. Nick just gave me a note on the screen. It says he's getting some calls from older people who hate me. Then they crank Nick in a hang up. They don't have to guts to stay on a line and make fools of themselves on the year. So they're harassing him on the phone. Now, if they hate me, seriously, if they hate me and hear that obnoxious, then how come they're still listening right now? Because they're obnoxious. Exactly. Great term for. We're giving them fodder for their lives. In other words, this is what their whole lives are about our bitterness and a hate and being nasty and rotten and trying to spread it around. And so we're obviously because they hate it so much. We're doing a pubic service forum. Yeah, I was just saying, well, I was just saying to Steve yesterday, I was saying to some people call up trying to get some kind of point why they didn't like you. Yeah. And they couldn't back anything that they were saying. Yeah. Every time a captain asked you a question, they would go on to something out total non-sequitor. They couldn't answer the question. Right. It's more of a more less fee. Why don't you like Neil? Yeah. And the answer was because. Because the sun is in the sky. Okay. Listen, you have a good one now. You too. Thanks a lot. Okay. We got a celebrity call around line six in a mobile. I knew it's Cox. No kidding. I was just thinking about something. Well, that's the first. Yeah. Right. I think you're out of put this guy. Hi, bird. Hey, guys. I think Neil out of put this guy Tomson on retainer. Man, this is the biggest book promotion I've ever heard about. Yeah. Well, I want to tell you one thing. If you want to go through 19 months of harassment and grief to get the numbers, you'd like to, in fact, maybe you'd like him, huh? No. Maybe we can arrange that for you. You'd like to do some pretty raw cheese stuff there in a morning. I have my own detractors. Thank you. I agree. How would I heard? But I did call the city commission on how. I called it number. You gave that to the day. Yeah. And it's all of a well. It was. It's all of a sudden I thought they could do it to you. I just framed it to me. So back off. You're next, babe. I told you to do anything. Neil, I'm a quiet calm guy. Yeah. Yeah. We've heard those spots here. Is here real quiet. From coming, Georgia. Okay. So to speak. Goodnight, Cox. Goodnight. Goodnight. My great life. Okay. There he goes. Okay. We have an open line. And five, two, four. WiodD and Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. April award them. So you want to get WiodD? It may be February to some, but it's always April here. And she's got that one o'clock WiodD news. We'll come back in 105. We'll be back in 105. We'll be back in 105. Howard, or 655 and 278 WiodD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the station. And now, here's Neil Rogers. On Newstalk Radio 610 Wiod. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. 105 WiodD. Now, that Palm Beach line is open. So if you're anywhere except in Palm Beach to get right on a horn now. 655 WiodD. 655. Say that. One after six. Except Palm Beach. Except Palm Beach. Now, what happened to Joey? I don't understand. As we've been building this thing up all days in early in the show. And he just shined us so far, any? Yeah. I'm amazed. I don't understand something. That machine is dying now. That middle deck almost dead. Yeah. The middle deck is dying. You might want to make a note of that. We'll just avoid using it. It's dead. Okay. Kind of like Joey's show. Okay. 106 now. I'll go back to the cause while we await with baited breath. The arrival of Joey. Yeah. It's amazing. This is a hard guide of Pindani. He leaves his number and every time we'd called. I get his answering machine. Sharing gets the answering machine. It's like you just can't find him. The invisible man. That means he's out. He's invisible on your radio dial. He's invisible in the community too. And like in plantation. I know he's got a house in plantation. And I live there. I keep running up and down the streets. Joey. And I can't find a son of a gun. I don't know where the hell he is. Miami. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm right now. I just have surgery on Monday. And I was a calm because I don't have a radio. And I just run the hang on to the phone and lift you guys. You guys just got to cheer him up. Oh. I was the one guy you probably remember when I told you to. Rachel's he really sealed about soup. Well, I'm a go. And I do your mother. What? Remember when you first started. And I am. Joe. Joe's a cackie. What did you really thought about about. Oh, Joe's a gackie. I thought you were talking about another. Joe's. I'm sorry. Now remember. And I've worked with your mom around time ago. Yeah. Yeah. I'm over here at Bath. I just have surgery. I'm just kind of lit up. What do you want you to do? Why go back on hold? Yeah, just want to lift. Okay. Hold on. Good luck. Okay. In credible 107 we have an open line in Broward now. 524 9463. We got a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. This is Alan Burke. Who are you? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Finally a good take. Wait a minute. That maybe that wasn't a take. Maybe that was him. Oh, gee. I shouldn't have done that. You know, maybe that was really him. You think so? I thought it like a take to me. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah. Was it him? Was it a take? That would be. I would be crushed if it turns out that was really him. Wonderful. No. My lesson. He left a real mark in indelible mark on his stage. Oh. Okay. Let's go to a del Ray. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yeah. Do you think I'll be on Saturday? Nothing. It's not a good deal. Oh. I don't have any idea. We're not taping this. No. Listen. Don't waste any good material. Show is only one time deal. Can you put me back on hold? Okay. Good. And let's just leave everybody on hold. Okay. So they can hear the show. These must be people with frozen radio dials. Well, look at that since that Alan Burke call like three lines just dropped off at the same time simultaneous I'm serious look at that it felt it's like clearing out now Plus when I heard that joy might chew up this hour that was probably good for two of those lines in Okay, let's go to four-lutterdale. Hello Okay, there's four Isn't it amazing that we go through three hours everything was just like well, this is the big one to two oh that's true This is the big one to two. Yeah Everything was just great in all of a sense like we ran into a brick wall it is so typical of this town I'll tell you there's an open line in Broward five two four W mild day a lot's of other ones are flashing don't get too carried away My ambrie hello Good to be through talent. Yes, sir. Listen, I have my costume to talk on the topic because it's kind of like arguing for child abuse I mean for what this guy's doing is wrong and I think everyone's seen it. I don't think you've gotten too many positive comments on his side We haven't gotten any on this show Steve got a couple, but that's about it. But I think I was listening a lot a couple days. I've heard a lot of it been Related on freedom of speech and it seems more like persecution here than then trying to change the content of your show It doesn't seem like anyone really trying to say meals should take this out or this Or put this and or something like that or just say get rid of Neil and they had not been the case for the last two years No, no, he he objects to peace by no matter what we do you know no matter whether it's music or Anything and then of course if we take it out then he finds ten new things that he objects to show you know the bottom line is He wants to give me all of any continues denying that But I mean anybody who's got an IQ over two who looks at the pattern of the things that have been done and how malicious they are Could come to know other conclusion believe me Well, I gotta tell you I gotta tell you I feel like you're lucky to have a support. He've got a distinction because recently I went to something along the same line not not that he extent you are and Alligations were made now is removed from a position completely unfounded allegations and you know In flame-matoring a slander is oh my god, and what I'm trying to find out is is We're the allegations of you know our Virginia said you're trying to pick up boys everything. Oh, yeah, but it was any of that ever Problem day, bro. Joey just kissed me now watch it Joey. I fall out Watch that with any of those allegations ever published in the in a print magazine or are they sure absolutely Because they they one of the local papers called of my story and publish it and they were unsounded They didn't even try to contact you the parties involved. Yeah, and I was wondering if there's any recourse or if you You'd yourself a good lawyer pal. That's what you got to do Yeah, because the basically I'm not gonna be able to work in the county. Well, you get a good lawyer and sue their ass. Okay. Okay. No, thanks Okay, good luck. Problem at chapter one. I just received a kiss on the chief. I got what's on the lip from Joey Reynolds and That is shocking. Okay, who would have ever dreamed? Don't you think it's time? Okay, now we got to do a break. So look at that. He's got all kinds of filthy stuff. He just brought in here Just ain't the more downy junior job. Okay. This is just a very low key family show You put Yeah, that's all you came for is lunch, right? He's ready. Oh people are all the same and all they come in and for his free grub All right, I wanted a food you had yesterday. I was speaking of a grub man. Look at this guy Okay, what does that a Tommy Shannon outfit you're wearing or what? Tell everybody what you're talking about. Okay. All right. Let me do can I do the break please? I want you to try to contend ask my permission. I know you haven't been on a big time show in a long time But including that last when you were on the way if you're thinking about what to do for valence No, come on Joe What does this bring back memories? Yeah, when you were a kid. Yeah, when I was like about two or three years old. Yeah, right? Listening to WKBW and Buffalo enjoy that time was about 50 or 60 And it was incredible There's an article about me in the Philadelphia paper today. This says I'm 48 I was I was 46 three years ago. My name is Mochi Povek doing jury Williams is 39 tomorrow by the way happy birthday jury How old are you Neil? 46 are you really just a child? I can't be older than you Really better shape. Narya I think so Pretend to listen almost anybody's in better shape even the hell and they'll learn better shape. Oh, yeah, what you started all this stuff anyway You know you're you talking about it, but you started the problem. I mean you shouldn't pick down the old people Let it you know I apologize for everything that I've said even though it's all true. Okay. Now. What is this old farts old fart and douchebags? Oh, that's a long brain nice talking a jemales You're money let me tell you what I'm saying you want me to play the album on the year All in his voice to some of the foulest my vulgar grotesque and it's great too, but I don't Neil I love you and I you know, I mean I have gone on your right-right type. You're right. I've gone Well, I could be I've got a record say you think that's that stuff I've gone a record. Yeah, my wife said a roe bitch. You know what that is. That's another piece You get near them. I've joined the a the roe bitch's anonymous Stop it. You're in the good old days yeah, and you're in Batavia when you had material I know I was in Batavia and you weren't buffalo right and of course my big and he has big ratings Says it was the only station you could hear it in a whole and whole state I we covered a m was this is it was a m's heyday. Yeah Oh, correct. We shouldn't talk that way right now is a m's Surgeons heyday right in this market. Yeah. All right now You still listen to me on the air did I ever talk this one here like one do you spag and now? That was like a hundred years ago didn't I teach you any they didn't even have do spags when you were on your Fuh yeah, they never have been invented me. Yeah, I hope never my enemy No, you know, I mean I never thought I'm a man and then never nothing didn't a tear come to your eye When that station went what do they do go automated or something? The interesting thing is WKVW is known as well well known Bible witnesses with the colors were Well known Bible witness W. I never heard that that's right And I went well a scene. I was at W. I be Jean Philly which is I believe in God What is that have to do with what I'm caught? They've gone religious They're always probably now you want to know I joys not on here anymore these non-secretaries man You should be a professional caller you would lead foul or in fact you and I had a couple of really good calls there Yeah, wait a minute Lee from the one that I hope you be in your writing your better than I am Now did they get upset about that when I was playing that every morning For some reason they did get upset about it although I thought it was great. It was funny because I see I like promotion I think you know, I'll give you all the promotion in the world. I know you tried and it really I mean he's got a sense of humor that can't be me. Doesn't he's my friend? Don't pick his E. Yeah My friend throw this stuff I came down here because of him did you yeah, and I left here because of him I'm not gonna be able to work in this market. I go wash out Why because you beat my ass in the ratings and I never been able to recover since it's like you know I was more listen to this subster. Well, I'm not doing mornings anymore. It's a wide open fee I talked to that japonico over and talk to a rose folder man I got a little trouble that Colonel oh my god Good thing they're not defending the country that army I'm just saying we're gonna we can speak in Japanese any minute. They're gonna have a cringey square water We still anyway It wasn't at a sad moment And Jim Morrison's coming back here a sad moment when I had a Wait man, we shot up a minute I went I shot up I came in and talk when that station in Buffalo which was it was so dominant man It was such a monster and of course that's what joy was working. It was a monster And they went automated or something it's like they just I don't understand that well When you go back up there like in Rochester, WHAM would used to be this big boring, but a big AM station They're playing oldies and stuff now. All right. Let me get a word in that twice here for a second Yes, we'll go ahead. I just listen. This is a big time. I'll eat my fruit if you pardon that If you could only listen for a minute just listen for a minute just just one second I tried to teach you Okay, all right When I was a kid when I first started in radio I was a kid my reasons for getting into radio because I was a poor kid and we were in a I was the last white family in all black neighborhood My family was we wanted to get out of there. We had no money Why did you want to get out there? We were a party. That's a hated party. You were racist Is that what you thought? No, I wanted to get out of the neighborhood We were in we had nothing we had a $30 a month cold water flat So the best way that I could express myself was to go to the boys club play basketball The boys yeah, and they had up what is this like an announcement? We have come in today I saw you hanging around the playground there. I was on the PS system. I know who you've been talking to listen to me All right when I first got into radio the reasons for radio We're just served the public in the half-fun with the public. We're trying to entertain folks The next level came up. We're trying to entertain the owners so that we get the good jobs Now the next level of came up we're entertaining the sponsors So we would get some national business now we're entertaining banks and radio is really come from what I said when it was a mom and pop store You want to be talking about that boy? Yeah, the pollution radio it's gotten it's gotten to be a scientific game. It used to be an art now. It's a science So so I'm saying they got everything figured out a lot of radio Yeah, everything figured out a lot of radio If you heard a radio in this market, I got news where they got nothing figured out all right now There's so much bad radio in this town. That's because no one's dealing with the dynamic the dynamic is that we have a My name is Pinto my roommate. It's no kidding. It's in his panic name So I came to work here. I was Larry King's news. We're Italian. Well, I am Italian But see now I'm trying to find out what WQBA Okay, you talk about trolling for a job. He's so that it's a hispanic. It makes these going to start doing little Spanish jokes You were you were Larry Kent's news. Larry King Larry King's Yeah, and I was at whammy in Miami. WMM When you were just a kid you were at cat WKT and I run you So I was what he's even out the toilets on music Hey Hey, so they love a young I got a view It's the What are you gonna be cooking up any buffalo chicken wings for us today join? I did that over race He's thank you well you don't well, you know, and okay now where were we were giving us his science story the evolution of radio with Joey Reynolds Go ahead. I won't really know why didn't you come in earlier What do you mean the evolution of radio could could have killed the whole Right I figured the last hour let's at least kill the lead in okay now on our come on Be happy How to get you but you you made them hot against you know the guy was dying here and so you got here that's the truth What did he have Paul Harvey and what else in the other three and Paul Lyle? Yeah, this Paul Lyle and I have a board-ops did some shows here was good and Alan Burke who Really, I'm really good. I'm actually going nobody talk Well, I think he got his juices got flying in when he saw Martin Donny make his success because that was kind of his act You know like a Joe Pine thing although more does it kind of exactly yeah more at least he more to live that makes a big What's my friend you know, yeah? We live together doc he straight up No kidding. Well, I'd like to know kidding. I mean doesn't have a homosexual now. Do you call him doc? Yeah, I call him doc You know why why because his initials are MD Bought but that was his name here wasn't it on the dark dot That's why we're Tom Doc yeah, so he wasn't here. It was in Orlando. What is this man? You're gone he's gone from WKB WB To the evolutionary a to science science fiction. I think is what we're talking about God you are like follow like an asshole weekend you really are You drop some heavy duty acid or something we listen to this guy. Okay, go ahead I'm sorry right or nothing. No if you don't write it out of the street. I love what you say We're at Alan three awesome Palm Beach no now Alan free Alan freed was a disjockey who years ago took pay all I can fast to it and Peter Trim at WMGM he never confessed to it, but he did take pay all of you You know that love is strange by Mickey and Sylvia 1956 the record was number one and it wasn't in a record story Yeah, I mean at least if you're gonna take some money You know you have it a few days That's a story and I was Peter trip the curly headed kitten the third row at WMGM is a kid growing up And I mean just a very very young child I was listening to a WMGM when a big signal in the evening out in New York in Rochester and He had some problems. No, you do know what about Stan Robert years a best I am really You are my ratings were better than yours, but that's beside a point. There are twice as so as the test pattern But anyway well if you were on an impossible, so don't make some good alibis He was you know on a station that just isn't making it talk about dead well a guy No, no, that's your palace you've come in back. Yeah She has making a turn right. Lisa's coming back to what they originally stood for. Listen, let's put it this way Radios in the record business, all right, except for these talk instances this happens to be one now Can we do another break now because we got a lot of business on a station? This isn't some like put on this and like being on Zeta. This is not free food and Gulfstream that is correct Although if you like some food we got a lot of food and we'll come back and talk about more upstate New York radio Yeah, we can talk about other things. I'm worldly. Are you sure? Yeah? Okay That's true. He's been everywhere man. This guy's like a walking road map Yeah, it's 125 a WMOD joey is with us today. We'll come right back There comes a time in every person's life where they have to decide where to order pizza I know you're thinking come on. What's the big deal? A pizza's a pizza. Wrong all pieces are not created equal and my name pizza every pizza is handmade Custom order just like you like it with the freshest ingredients and the personal attention And we'll find it. These so-called cashew i-o-d I'm getting a hate this What a show now You're gonna be astonished when I tell you this did you ever hear me play wild weekend by the rock and rebels? No Yes, I have on swan records. Yeah, well, you know my manager was Tony Memoriala who was swan records Okay, I ran into one of these kids in Buffalo and he was Plain in a bar in some obscure place And he told me the whole thing about you and Tommy Shannon and wild weekend It was incredible and that's that record was re-released out of how many times and sold over a million copies That didn't and that was Tommy Shannon's never sold him a yeah, he said it sold ten copies Okay, oh two boxes Oh, one of them are not basement. Do you? Yes, that never sold but anyway So to make a long story short guys sends us a copy of this from was it from XYZ and I remember you see you don't realize this I was in Michigan I think I may have been living in Detroit. I'm not sure when you were WXYZ is that one the brand-air was happened to you? No, I heard those shows, okay What do you like about key arrays at that sexy news genitals? How would you kids like? My voice is an octave higher before you worked for Wayne Newton and Le Allen was on here over there And Joel Sebastian may he rest in peace. Yeah, he was a good guy and those were the great days in Detroit These are the great days now you're a star you're a star Be a hell if you want the you're a down above I just can't match you back It's the one to talk about the great golden thing Pretty cool and Buffalo look at what you've done here. Never had any help Steve came make a comeback Who the hell could get Stan major to work again? I mean you're the only good What they're working to well now? I'll tell you then you probably be responsible for my career obsersions Which that why you're here today? Yeah, I got a hell of a little bit of breath I got to have a little profile here. How can I can't work in the smirk here? What do I know? Did I commit a heinous crime by not having numbers? Yes. I feel like Dustin Hoffman You know, I had my to see and now I'm living with my ass trying and waiting for my Rainman You know if I get that I'll be right out there is a metaphorical comparison like I have never heard any I'm a wonderful actor Yes, that's man. So anyway tell us about because the real purpose of you're being here and spread all this out of preliminary Yes, I know is that the purpose I thought you were going to more down each you I was I want to come over When are you gonna get out more it was a former roommate of yours? I'm on tonight. I have a personal entain When you just relax Don't you talk to the bird that way? He's my little bird okay? He could be gone in two seconds In fact now maybe how would you feel sitting over there? Yeah, not the pen You're right I could be like how are stones robin yeah You look a little like robin anyway Now when are you gonna get at me? I would more downy Neil when when Mort was here at the morning let me let me answer one question I'm not a personal tape that more did for me Who knows you very well and like you worked because he was here at Williams Island loves me He hurt you he heard you on the year and I've hurt you heard you He he heard you when he was here at the Miami Convention Center and you're supposedly going to be there and be introduced from the stage Nobody ever told me that he mentioned you from the stage You were not there nobody told me I was there. How could I have been there? Well, someone must have told you you were mentioned from the state You know It's like a town hall meeting you know these public appearances he does they were not taping his show It was nobody invited me to be there Well, you were on the stage. I mean you were mentioned from the stage. You're so great. I am a star here And you answer my question when you get me on a show tonight It's on to know when you're gonna get me on a show now. What are you gonna be on a show? You don't want to be positioned as trash radio like I was Don't you introduce me as tonight he will open that microphone and he will say now here is the You ready for this? The grandfather of Schlock You want to be known is that? Hey, listen if it gets me if he he made 22 million last year, okay? 40 million yeah, well you reported 22 Restless cash okay, more well. It's been nice. No, I mean, you're gonna like those nice private rooms they give you anyway So you're gonna be on tonight and they talked about trash radio and he introduces me as the slach myster You know like he's the salt and the sleaze and you're I get this stuff But this is all can try to mean his whole show is can drive you guys set this up ahead of time And you love it because no, he did not tell me that he told you through me a left car But do me the exposure He's a thing and I am the world's most shameless self promoter I really am but certainly not the king of sleaze. No, I mean I am the if anything I mean it'll have shy why didn't he have Howard on that show Howard who Cozern Howard Stern well Howard Stern doesn't do those gang banks He refuses to be on a gang bank That's the first lesson in those shows because you only get your moment and if it's not a brilliant moment you die So therefore I don't recommend you do that By the way Howard is not good on TV anyways horrendous on TV He's tried more like he was gonna let Fox show that never material out 100 times He promoted it and it never materialized then he did that videotape that he's made a fortune offer Yeah, horrendous. You seen it. Yeah, I did off too long It's got a few you know it's got its moments, but overall it's pathetic Howard does not a TV person as a half hour special It would have been fine. I love fresh. Don't you like trash? Absolutely. You know there's a whole rest is steric one certain days You know if you're a trash and a bad trash That is correct. I've heard you say that and of course we put all of our trash in the plantation bags of god God doesn't get removed Oh, we have to talk about plantation I love this sweet lower Retina you do I brought that to New York and claimed it as my own material What was everything you do about the early burps special Well wait wait to log it on more donny man. I'm gonna expose you Anyway speaking of hell and they'll be sure to join me for a day at the races this Sunday February 12th at 11.30 a Gulf Stream Park Which is in hell and they you're right you're right in the billos in the mail joint No, I was the first the first day that I got a record one of our listeners sent me that record fact That's where most most of the stuff comes from is listeners you like rats in my room Yeah, I mean you got it that's pretty obscure to be able to go back and find that thing You know still some most is robbing Williams though. He'll go to watch young comics in the club and he'll take the material home with him like it's his own He's brilliant, but he does it. He's got a Now where is Tommy Shannon Tommy? He looks a little like the bird. He's got no hair and he's in Buffalo You know what he's back in Buffalo third time. He hasn't been in Detroit. He was on C.K.L.W. He makes a regular run He's back in fourth. He gets into treachery. I've done a buffalo job. Now it's a four four times in each market He's a real good guy. Tommy Shannon was a school teacher who was a disjoccan weakens and got to be a star That's what this in case people are listening wonder what we're talking about I know what I know now what determines your shell you got a brother sitting there in a control room With one of those boogie hats on and a guy he doesn't deliver he never laughs at nothing this guy. No, that's true Is that the meaning if he ever even snickers man, you know, it's gonna be an award Oh, and here he is guy the brother here. He's got a four foot cross. He's wearing a rosinette The screw spicks he says if you say something funny he'll amphetin I know so I walked in his cross drops Look at that. I mean this guy's a real is he a zelts I mean this is like a religious experience. Yeah I can throw yourself this is a slock radio. No, I don't need. I'm just fan or he shows amazing You have a spiritual advisor on the staff I don't know what's real. I would be gone. I don't know what he moved out of that neighborhood right now Get down to the nitty gritty of that stirring So anyway, yeah, you're gonna be on tonight on Morton, Donnie Jr. Show you on Let's see it's trying to figure out is that gonna be on all the different 30 lines tonight in Philly Miami and Hartford it's on tonight But what about a long tomorrow what about a long? Tomorrow night tomorrow night. Yeah, so if you miss it tonight, you can see it again tomorrow on American table Which is your favorite than it'll cable to use excuse me You all crush your Jewish so you have a set of dishes that are different than the rest of it. That is correct You got one for dairy milk you can play shit. That's all right I like that meal. See I like your material, but don't dark correct your material You're gonna be getting your own Okay, see go I laughed a brother laughed Go in don't make it Go in don't make it in this market Well, we're trying to swing up go. I'm don't make it here. Okay. No, I know if you want to go back to Philadelphia There are a lot of Italians there stuff like that. Go in don't make it here. I'm Spanish, please. Oh, yeah, let's you know Okay, now listen understand the radio mumbee has got a big opening coming up and you know They're just in time to be under two o'clock news. Why do I feel like I'm being as hot here? You're not gonna do it You make it you're not we got like 20 to you want calls. Yeah, well, you think these suckers that are on here now I want to talk to you. Let me let's clear the board see what he does to keep all the phones on a whole So they look all it you just making yourself looking porting again. No, no, but you are ready Oh, sorry. There's a line there the lines now everybody wants to talk to Joey Reynolds No, all I want to know is whether this is gonna be on unsaturday. No Getting you messing the balls of a caller to say is this gonna be on Saturday? That's yeah look at the lines man Here, he one of them is lip. I know everyone. I'm so I just punch him up. Are you on a screen him? Well, now we better screen him with him here. You know well first we'll probably be a couple of bill collectors People like that better screen. Oh, Zan apologize all the people that we're hung up on yeah We do apologize. I've played a few people because we had some important stuff We were doing that Joey muscled his way in here on the show I figured you guys out of work, man. He needs some help. You got Steve Ken you could help anybody. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi there You were talking before about the DJs from the 50s and the 60s like Peter trip WMGM. Yes. I'm 42 So I was a kid when I was listening to him. What has got Muni on the old WMC at that time? Yeah, he was they went to W ABC Yeah, so the my question you're my presence. Yeah, he's sorry. So here on W ABC That's over dollar sir, right play the most music the most time at 77 W Rick's flower would be upset because we don't have a bottle of tea Yeah, sir, my throat Neil what happened to Murray the K. Oh, let me tell you about him, all right. Yeah, did Murray the K have not feeling too well these days He finally got out of radio Murray the K was a guy who had the summary race watchers what what that was all about was talking to the kids We're parked in cars and the police would come by to make sure that your heads were up In other words if they saw your head say no that was no foul play going on allegedly except for those A few times like for instance Neil was involved with some of these lesbian dwarfs who wanted to go up on them But you know parked in this car Where these kids listen to Murray the K Murray the K said He told us great story when I'm sorry still with me. Yeah, I don't know you being interested I went on a year anymore tell us Let me tell us great story. He was telling the kids about this girl and this guy who were parked together On the East side drive it's gonna be something filthy and gross So the guy turns to the girl is a 50-like joke, you know and guy turns the girl and he says hey baby You spirit won't she says what do you mean he says well you believe like in the hair after and she says well what's what's the hair after? I believe in the hair after and she said what is it though and he says well If you're not here after what I'm here after then you're gonna be here after I'm gone That was the Murray the K joke. All right. Wow. Sir. No, we don't like he died So one more radio person. I remember that worked with Murray the K when they were on WINF And then he went to WAPC Bruce Marrow what happened to him cousin Briss you that impression play Because it's because in Briss here it's 77 WC you will scots roll. It's a Scotland you're coming up here And we're gonna play these over dollars. I'm here. Oh, hey Here comes now a cast for convertible featuring a new one that is folded in the country there is with the public's backboy What happened to Murray? I mean he's still working first Marrow's on WCVS as an old East Asian in New York Let's not talk New York. Let's talk Florida Well Floor I'm kind of new to the Florida team. I just remember for a couple of years here You're learning to hate it like a passion I do didn't take a couple of years to just took a couple of minutes. Yes. Well, thank God for this show, right? I mean it's not really a big city. There's a mirror at one answer. Okay. Thanks a lot Thank you, but as soon as we got a full board of joey calls right lighthouse point hello Yeah, I was gonna Joey why is that on the air anymore, but they fired my ass I figured it out already Okay, sir good call Well, you're in for now and now I know I didn't come into late. Okay Camera hello. Hey Joey. Yeah. How you doing? I'm doing good. Who's this? John? You probably don't remember me what we work together one day When you yeah one day when you're at she I will we work to a lot of places one I only worked with a one day on your you did a couple of 30 seconds spots That's right. That's what Neo is talking about oh no. What was he saying now? What are you talking about some commercials? I did yeah, she okay at dingy peer I see all right. I was one of the guys there Well, thanks to Colin. Oh, okay Maybe that's what you're not on she's more because of the commercial. I was never a Daniel pure I was never there well somebody in person any of you was there Okay, I probably Danny never there's somebody like that. No, I also worked on Stan Roberts Why I also worked on your spot really at Later while you keep off of my spot. Okay, but okay, have a great day. Yeah, you too. Fine talking about more times I really get surround. I was roommates with him and he had not paid some guy Some debt so guy broken to our hotel room. We said at the genocidal and circus then we got an apartment in Syracuse I boy now we're talking to big-time shop furniture tin So we got along real good. You know we're good buddies and Some guy broke the door down one day Presently, you know we had I had answered the door and the chain was across it and he he got that far And push the chain through and knocked a couple of his teeth out So I was reading the inquire last week so Mark we read this story and it says he got his teeth knocked out So I call him I said what do you friends of the tooth fairy and how many 26 years ago? We were worried did we read that from which I'm from the inquire Sturm and he ain't quite knocked out again. What did he grow new ones? Anyway, yes now when you already tried it. That's why I don't want to stir reminiscing because you obviously are trying to fight back the clock You know, I can understand when you get that old But by the way, you know Steve is older than Joey? Yeah, oh my he'll never live that man. We discovered that they I don't think anybody was older newer But anyway when you already tried the big station How about big Wilson on the wonderful island dream? The big station was Kiner 13 and for my money that's the greatest AM rock station has ever been on here. That was incredible station with Dick Pertn and Bob Green and very Michael Wilson and Gary Stevenson Well, what a station that very was here at fun. What a monster of a station. I want you know and Dick Pertn of course It's still in the front of this is one of the best guys in a business. Yeah, he's a fan of yours. Who is it? No, are you serious Dick Pertn? Yeah, he's my idol in a business. He called me one day and he He's got about eight kids. Yeah, they're all girls. We got a shit. He's not afraid of you They had a great billboard campaign Why you gonna listen to me? I'm gonna continue with these homophobic lines They had a great billboard campaign in Detroit years ago and an audience pressways They had big billboards and it showed a caricature of pertinent with a big sore red thumb and it said pick up Dick Pertn on the Southfield Expressway The John Lodge Expressway depending where you were driving. It was a great billboard campaign Well, he's a realized has got nothing to do with anything But he's a fan of you call me one day says I'm in Florida and I like this new rod to see you know And I said yeah, but he's opposite me and I said he's beaten the hell out of me so let me talk about it Which was the case at the time? Now you're not I got to get a hold of him some day on the air. He's a tremendously funny guy Let call him. He knows very well. The guy that works within the dissolve voice. I'm Ryan use homer eye Used to be there's some rye Oh, really? Yeah, Tom Ryan was a funny guy. Yeah, do we have to go no? Oh for yours See he is so insecure man, which shows you what business? No, no, I was thinking of the next worker Where's the worker and you're in his business man? You're constantly insecure don't you have to play? I don't know. Here's a mobile somebody spending money to talk to you. Hello. Hi. Hey, deal. Yeah. Hey, you know what? What? I think I answered my own question because I was gonna ask if he had ever heard that the Neil headroom thing where you tell the lady Yeah, you think he's all not to be Joey Reynolds mother Don't worry material so I'm probably so bad, but not now. I stole his materials. That what you think? Oh, no, Joe, I would never say he would have done that he'd still be on a star when Neil is in diapers get off my back I was like one of the four people that used to listen to you on she I had to take Here's something hell out of me I couldn't stand Neil and we have a cause I never listened to him and my friend told me all listen to him I thought you believed all that crap. You'll use to say about me. That's a problem Neil did a great job Neil's great. I Neil beat me and I don't mind admitting it and he did a great job And I and I don't listen when you're a championship fighter and you get in the ring with another champ and the other champ Knox y'all and he's a better fighter you got to come up and say hey listen the guy did a great job Yeah, I thought picture you Joey at hooter You don't wait for the book of five. No, I'm a good looking guy now You're not gonna win myself a steam I'm just gonna tell you why I lost the ratings war but myself seems another story You're in trouble when Michael Jackson out. Wait you that's a great lover I'm not fat and stop it. I wasn't one time Joey's face is all I want piece though. I like Michael so it's not the bad Yeah, I lost a lot of weight. I got to be honest. He looks good. You're on that newsroom systems Are you really? Yes, I have 30 pounds. I do talk with but I don't hear you doing the spots now. Yeah I do every day, but you got all this food. Thanks a lot pal I want to love your phone bill. Good day. Okay. No, that's considerate. That's very new to you Why do you why do you have all this food coming in when you're doing the new to sister's grapes? Well, that's great Really, I mean, you know like the growth of the of wrath today But yesterday all this attaio stuff. Well, I just knew okay, now I'm doing well at 31 pounds bird isn't good shape You know the way it's actually would think that he is way through China I mean you guys he just wanted those lucky people Yeah, drive a pig it drives new crazy because I can pick out every day and I'm one of these lucky people and life my jeans I guess I don't gain weight. Yeah, drive him crazy and well You know, I'm not a lot of guys like that their secret is in their jeans But that's an other story and I don't want you touching that line Dave County hello Hello, hello, yes, yes, hi, just call up to say hello Neil This Brian McGarry is to work with Joey Reynolds. Yeah, are you serious? Did Joey's news. Yeah, well I just wanted to say it. It's nice to hear Joey still alive and well you're on love 94 Orange yeah, yeah You play in that weed music. Yeah, Joey another record, you know, it's the record business I know radio isn't the record business disgusting what they've done and they've segmented it now too, so you can have your favorite music whatever you punch up on the radio today including that what's that most awful station The US yourself the question why 100 World program directed in 10 year old morning guy got in that morning team they look like I sound But an awful team at it and they think they're funny. Do they think they're funny? Evidently, yeah, you know what they do on that station listen to this I'm gonna ruin it forever for you to listen to why 100 great all they ever talk about is themselves They never talk about the records and ever talk about anything in this community you could drop that in on a satellite dish Man, I don't know anything about the community the guys been here for like two weeks. Yeah, not them the whole goddamn Those stations whole goddamn stay I mean nobody said there's nobody there who knows what town they're in Joey They don't know that morning morning guy Bobby Mitchell he doesn't know what cities in but when they talk about They all they ever talk about us how they're gonna have a bird how come you're listening to it my wife has an ass She does this a well, but you're right to get a bit when you're to turn on a hot 105 so Brian working in gloves 94 Don't take any wood nickel I shot and you guys keep up the good work. Okay give Greg a big kiss for us And W I do we get a little business to do again here. We'll come back with the Incredible Joey Reynolds who's making all of these outrageous comments so when they people are transcribing to show Is they do every that Joey who's saying all the stuff my mother's listening to us right now Oh, and you're saying at filthy stuff I know your mom I'm on it from Buffalo poor little god almighty My mother lives in Hollywood I would never say god damn in her presence Mother who took my very own little kids sister put crazy going or news anyway It's really cool. Well, I worked too by the way I had a lot of Hollywood is a place if you're in a market maybe Joey wants to buy new car Which would be nice if he ever gets a job because this is the place I would show you my super spare W I There's one You're not very often we get a major celebrity in every time we get a radio person on here It's somebody who's not a work Stan was on here a few weeks ago somebody who's out of work I'm not a god. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? How are you sustaining yourself? I have money. I'm a rich guy good. What are you talking about? I performed all of us sexes on the midflies in LA He and I love you Hello, I Gina hi, how are you? I'm fine Could I possibly make a request sure? Okay? I wanted to hear Mark found a license I could too. Oh You don't want to talk to Joey What's your name? I'm sorry. What's your name? Tina. How old are you? It's Mark Mosley's wife Don't you think I'm putting the nuts are putting the moves on Mark's why I'm moving I was gonna try to figure get a little Pro from a player right now. Joey. I'll be up seven. It's only a minute. Okay? Okay Tell Mark thanks a million. Okay, thanks. Bye. You give us a minute. I want your little. I'll think I'll turn on your Rogers Right there pal don't touch that dial. Oh my god. It's It's Ellendale by Sunny Yeah, look like we got him thanks for the tip Mrs. Aquacoye You're welcome Sunny. I mean I know he was a sick girl when I've met him the fight I need to look at this even had this milk he was looking at My god It's a 10 funding picture Looks like he stopped other future mass right or kneel scumbag moron. That's great somehow in daylight Say again. Thanks to you Sunny. Just do him a job Mrs. Aquacoye By the way, I'm gonna need your name and phone number. We contact you later. Let me get you a my card It's upside dropped my fight say What's that that a lot of your purse? Oh, that's it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're saying I'm from a different era. You're kidding If all the other I thought of that Steve allegedly is older than you are now. You're like this is older 50 he's a couple of years old. I know my age. I'm having a good show me his driver's license But it didn't say which century the car is 60 this year. He looks great, honey. No He looks like hell. Yeah. He looks like he's finally paying for that Great mirror that you know He's hanging around with Mark Lindsey too long. I did it. Here's a mobile with Joey. Hello Yo, can you do that thing? Will you say that you're the greatest thing you've been in the rating? I said that already. What do you want to lay? I just got it. Hey, you yeah, can I steal your card tomorrow? No Sharon's gonna stay that's what I'm afraid of good luck pal Oh, by the way, Sharon's gonna steal my car and they're gonna put a load jacket in it the Corvette And then they're gonna go trace it down. You do get a lot of fun calls here. They're all lit up for you That's why I told you why did you come in so damn late. We got like two minutes left. I don't know what's the format EOR into the road. Do you my any hello hi Joey hi. How are you? I'm good. Oh, what's your name? My name is Katie. Hi, can you? Yeah. Oh my gosh I'm gonna call back when TV was on that I was wondering are you and what does they want to make a Radio I mean I'll radio together but how I'd together? We are doing a TV show together, actually. Yeah Well, I mean he's putting together a pilot for a show called Reynolds after dark red really Yeah, and we're gonna do it this spring. I rather this fall But he got involved with buying a hotel in Atlanta city. What's your opinion? We're kind of a show It's like our any co-vacs and Steve Allen that kind of a thing. You know if it's I did a I want to use them to We used to go only would be a good guest for an intro. Thanks a lot. Not feeling I want to talk to dead people. I'm gonna say how I'm talking about it. I'm not here. Yeah My mother-in-law, Jaws, but that's not good. Anyway, I was I was doing some bits in Houston And I did a couple of interviews, you know off the wall stuff. I did one with Oprah Winfrey and Another one of Vanne White. I accused Pat Sage. I could be a male bimbo and Vanne is really the way she is I mean, you know, this is not a put on and I said to her I'm not viral wall. You know I mean, I wasn't trying to interrogate her. I was trying to get some fun out of this and answer to the ladies question So obviously show that's very bizarre. That's the question. Well, I'm trying to explain what happened I told Vanne I said Vanne is it true some guy broke into your dress and you're trying to spend the letters on your alphabet underwear She says I know where underwear. Oh, no, it goes into that kind of place that fan a little twist Anyway, you still there man. Do we lose you? Yeah, I was just gonna ask Neil if he still had Morton's record Yeah, Morton's record. Oh, what ever happened to that were you gonna remember that? Yeah, we don't have a name of a do you remember? Something about two of the folks. Yeah, that's more of it. Yeah, I bet let's you're out somewhere I'll bet you know we went to the data cuz it fits in over there now Lost your show tonight. I look his words. Yeah, I figured if you played them both at the same time Yeah, probably do something. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Thank you. Bye you elect his words He doesn't have anymore. I call him more down. He got him taken off. Yeah, you were looking for 40 million when you make 40 million Well after we sent him all those what's that stuff that takes the warts off that we had to go up Oh, seriously we have a people said him compound W and I think he got the hint you know that or it worked 22 move anyway. That's it Joey have a wonderful time a great life will be watching tonight. What time is it on? Can I come back? You can come back anytime. I got more to say As long as it's in cost is ending come back all the time. What time is it on? I call 39. I'm gonna watch it tonight. Friends TV right. I'll have to have not slanting on another set Oh, that's gonna be delayed right? We didn't want Joey on with more than we can watch not slanting a little later. I love you. I'm just sorry that you beat me in the race Me, I don't have a good job. I was making good money. I'm not well listen you asked for it. You got it. Good luck Joey. Thanks for coming by That is it for now stay tuned for Steve and pornography and Ted Bundy and Sue the sensor and all those people Have a great day. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 on 610 W i o d