Yeah. Rain's a lot. Horse shows. It's snow is very little bit. Yeah. I was just back this week and to move back in Miami. And as you know, it was rain and all along weekend. Oh sure. Well, I don't know why, but many years ago, a friend of mine turned me on to it. And the first place I ever had Thai food was at the original Tri-House in Hialia. I just, I flipped over it. I just, it was just perfect for me. I just liked everything about it. And I've eaten it ever since. Have you gone any place other than kayak orchid in Miami? Oh sure. Oh yeah. I've eaten a lot of Thai restaurants in Miami. And yeah, I like a lot of them. I live in South Miami. It's a San Luis de Roomb. Bangkok in Bangkok City. Of course, Thai House too, up in North Miami. There's a lot. Sure. You would go crazy here because the first two weeks I was here, I hit seven Thai restaurants. Well, they're big out there too. Yeah, really big out here. Really? It goes there real popular down here. Oh yeah. And my brother and I, I'm sure when is listening right now. We go to Thai orchid. Not as much as you do. I was wondering if it's right by my house. Oh, I know. I was wondering if it's toy brought to anything back from Thailand when she came back. She absolutely did. And I should think of publicly. She brought me back the pajamas. Oh, oriental pajamas. They're like silk. I'm jealous. You only know me as sure. Yeah, you should be jealous. Was that nice? That was nice. That was really nice. Dr. Zoriental pajamas, which you just can't get here. Yeah. I love them. Toy is such a nice lady. Absolutely. All the oriental people are so nice. I agree. I agree. And even the people out here, not only the Thai people, but everybody, you know, they want by and they say hello to you. You're walking for another car and they stop and let you pass. Right. Like Boon up at the Siam Doll, it's just like the nicest person. And he's brought me a lot of presents also. Yeah, they're just the most gracious people I've ever met. It's unbelievable. And even when they fight and they fight in their native language, it doesn't sound that bad. It doesn't sound like they're fighting. And they don't fight that often. Great. Well, just wanted to call on Say Hello. Well, I'm glad you did. And I probably will be back in a couple of weeks. Okay. Maybe I'll give you a call next week. Okay. Thanks, Glenn. Okay. There it is. A call from Seattle. See the Neal's gone. We still keep, you know, that stuff continues. Here's a call for Lauderdale. Hey. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Just wanted to put in a good word for the great city of Lake. But then you know, you take a lot of stuff. Yeah. So, my year go right over there. Well, some people don't understand, you know, they've, like, just been through it. They really don't get it. You know what I'm saying? All right. I understand. I'm 100%. I get it all the time from my friends. I went to school up there. It's part of Southern. Did you? I'm calling sort of. Yeah. I call things or it's one in a few. I've ever dug in the doors of any of the, the drinking establishments and down there, such as maybe a ZIMS on South Florida or South California's? Uh, Calcalk court. Uh, Calcalk court here. I have been to, uh, that's a main street. Oh, yeah. Uh, make play. Yeah. Great place. So, someone I went to high school with parents on the Calcalk court here. So, I used to go there. And, of course, the, uh, XYZ lounge for famous. We've caught the XYZ. Uh, that's famous. Um, great place. Also, there's a great place. Or holiday in, uh, in South, on South Florida Avenue. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have that new place down at Lake Christina too, which was good. Uh, huh. Well, I'm not a big drinker, but I have, you know, certainly been to the places. Well, I'm not here, but those are the places we used to go to. Yeah. College. One other thing I wanted to put in one comment about yesterday's show. You know, no apology and needed. Uh, that's probably a guy. A caller called in and suggested our dinner to get to the ass. And if he was the US citizen. And the guy was pretty much dictating the way we should handle parents in this country. Oh, yeah. And I think the man really had no right to express his opinion. Yeah. What wasn't it, uh, terrorism isn't so bad. Isn't that, that's what we were told. I think they were going to be. Absolutely. And at every military maneuver by the United States was a, uh, terrorist act. It just, it made me so mad. I'm a direct one. Terrorism isn't so bad. Yeah. It was terrible. Unbelievable. You remember where you get this guy? I mean, well, that's that Steve O. Boy, I don't know where, you know, Neil says the same thing. Where does he get these people? That's a little buffoon right now. And we've seen any worse radio on my life on the stage. I listen every day. Mm-hmm. Well, we did tell them Neil and I both. Yeah. Well, I hope they have a big cleaner act up. Me too. Well, as I understand it, does Steve O. Insisted on Felipe. So there you go. So supporting. Yeah. Well, when he comes back, you know, he knows what he's doing. I hope he hears about it. Because, uh, I'll bring it through, I'll certainly have to help. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. All right. Okay. So 1134. We have a call from Boko. We'll take that before the break. They're so rare. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Not a heel plan. Yeah. Very. Yeah. How dare you? What did Neil's mom think of Steve Rippen, everybody in terror chills since she lives there? You know, he didn't talk about it much. I didn't talk to mother Rogers about the situation. But, uh, I really don't know. You know, Neil just said she just said, Well, little dog's bark a lot. So I guess that's not all he kept saying that she said. So. You know, you could move his lately. Um, good movies lately. I don't go out to him as much as I used to, of course. Barry, I've kind of gotten out of that whole scene of you. See, yeah, good movies. Well, it, it's, it's politics society is real good. That's why everybody says it's actually the best round. There's an old sweeper that's out in some of the theaters called Miracle Mile. It's about nuclear war and it's an excellent snow. Really? Other than that, all the big ones are, uh, yeah. The big blockbusters are more of a bomb than anything else. Well, when I was a movie critic, I was of course a movie critic for seven years. And summer was my least favorite time of the year. Right. Yeah. All the kids went out there. You got to do that. Always, you know, there's always like one or two decent in the rest. It's just, you know, they use your plump. Right. And there's glad to hear you on the air by yourself for a while. You deserve your own show. A lot of want my own. I bet. But thanks for the kind words. It's nice to hear your voice on the air. Well, it's rare to, you know, but we'll be gone away next week. So I wish you luck in catch when I get back. Okay, Barry. There he goes. Very, very, very steam boy. The voices you hear today. This is a stounding incident. All right. Let's do the break. And then we'll continue with these unbelievable phone calls. I know what we'll do with the golf game. We'll play the golf game when Jeff brings his lunch. Jeff bringing his lunch from the pizza loft. You know, so that's, that's more play the golf game. And that'll be in the, because it's like, over 3 and a half minutes long. It's like, um, 346. There's no. We'll have to go to the golf game. We'll play the golf game. We'll have to go to the golf game. And then we'll be in the, uh, because it's like, uh, over 3 and a half minutes long. It's like, um, 346. Or something like that. Okay. It's 1139 right now. And the Neil Rogers show Neil is on vacation. This is his first day of vacation. And these phone calls have been noticed. Different voices. I mean, extremely different voices. Well, you know, uh, day. Hello, Miami. Hi. Tom and the way. Yeah. A different voice. Yeah. I've been listening to you a Neil over years. Have you? Yeah. Have I never called? Like I said, different voices. Uh, let me give you a little background on me and whatnot. Uh-huh. If I made. Okay. Steve. Steve came. Sure. You turn the location. Now, um, different voices. Yeah. But that's just a little too different. Ha ha ha ha ha. I mean, it's all early. Don't you think for, uh, for that. Let's go to Miami. Hello. bud. Yeah. What happened at Gabby yesterday? Well, you know, I saw that in the paper this morning. And it's amazing. I made it to work. You know, Gabby got defeated. She's got it back here. I don't know what happened. I don't want to go into and board the audience about the tennis because I don't go on and on about it But she was doing so great. You know, she would always get to like the last the finals match I don't know what it is. I don't know what happened About Just being his show and everything I think he's part of this show I think you called the good and he'll show this week No We love to hear young Neil down here in Miami. Okay, okay Okay, let me hear see if we got young Neil because we could do that one too I didn't even think about young Neil. You know, that's a that's another tradition that we play Let's see here young Neil well boy. This you know, we got more All here's Jeff Jeff is here with lunch. How you doing Jeff? Boy, what a way to start our a couple of weeks vacation You know Jeff came from pizza lock. You didn't go crazy today. It looks like you know sometimes you go a little Yeah, I'm here alone and Oh my Cheesecake what Pizza law you're a flagler Red off and what 69 right off the Palmezzo and Jeff of course feeds us all the time I'm a red out of my god. Look at this cheese cake But look Jeff. I'm you know, I'm old school. I like to eat dessert after you know my mother taught me I'm a wait. I'm a way to after I eat because I don't want to spoil you know My mother taught me Jeff, but you know you eat dessert after You know Neil would never follow that, but but I do Chicken eggplant meatballs shells And let's throw a cheese. We're gonna have to get the golf game on early. I think Where's your Neil when I need it, you know, and we can eat while we play a young Neil I don't see it Jeff this heart rack I mean I have a job ahead of me you're planning you know I do this every time the hook goes on vacation We offer the ties to the cart rack, you know, but look what I did find ups, odd is wait a minute But you know while I was organizing the cart rack I did find this the cup stock And but I can't find young people Oh, yeah seven out great. Thank you. So we do have our lunch a little pizza That would you have there? I can't find young Neil. Oh, but we do have this and we have time to play this right now While I start eating our little early lunch today Robert Come in Neil Roger. So we want to think Jeff profusely from the pizza off We're bringing this by lunch. He bought his pizza and all kinds of stuff in this incredible cheese cake Which I'll try after we eat so let's take a break here All the lines are lit up except Palm Beach of course, but you know, we don't expect you know Don't get excited, but every other line is lit so we have some interesting calls coming right up Doing you doing it again. I don't cross the wall And are you probably remember new few months back? I was the infamous round Jeremy's up ratio call up How could I forget? Listen, yeah, I haven't called you in a while, but I was in Holland there a couple of weeks ago Oh, man. I saw something that really crossed my ass really And how old are you? Yeah, really. I was up by shoppers paradise and they have these anti-neal buttons What anti-neal buttons? What are they saying? They have like, you know, they go stuff this thing flat. Oh really? This is neorages rush. Nobody has ever told us that. I have seen them Incredible Well, you know, isn't that funny that they would feel that strongly? Well, you know, I don't blame him because he rags on him pretty heavy don't he? But they don't have it. Are you? Yeah You're right. They deserve every every and more don't you think? Well, I want to congratulate you for getting out of Hollandale. I'm glad I got out of the safely You know, especially with some jumping out front of your car Okay, I have more ripping to do, but we have a mobile. You know, I kind of have a log You know, as soon as Neil leaves up you know, he has to bitch on the air every day to get a lock I had no log, you know, it's too much to ask for a mobile. Are you doing glad? Good. I'm the one No, what what yeah I'm sorry, so that's just that's incredible. That's unintelligible, but bird juniors here to save the day Everything's fine And here's Casey Kasem Here's that Neil's on vacation and I'd like to know if I could film All right, I'm gonna do a little audition for you. Oh go ahead. Hi. This is Casey Kasem this week and W IOD my friend Steve came the man with an asshole larger than his own mouth His guest today will be Sam Kinnish, the leader of Christians against Christ Oh Well now compare it to this We're up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand Whether we have kids or pets or either It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he likes Here Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it We certainly there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of us comes out again From coming out of the record, play the record, okay? Please See when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they'll do it for but damn it if we can't come out of Was so record I don't understand it is down on the phone Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a thing up tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week Just a god last damn time. I want somebody uses can brain to not come out of a damn record That is that's up tempo. I gotta talk about a control dying Ponders man Ponders and ponders Now do you remember that one John that's a little obscure here. Let's let's listen to this one Boy this machine you don't need to try it does have a mind of its own wait a minute This is challenging Nothing There's nothing on that cut. How can that be wait a minute wait wait oh I see I see okay all right how about this? Well, we don't have time right now because we have you know I don't it this is already has been star studded here It's only 1031 and look who's on the phone It's Ed I'm clocking your phone clocking every I have my clock right here next to your telephone You're clogging clocking clocking you know Now Neil doesn't really understand Ed but I know he doesn't speak English that's why But I sure understand it Yes, they treat you like it's the thought of no way Sure wait a minute I gotta turn this now I have one yeah, well listen Ed before you run off here. Oh, I'm not really working Can you answer a question for me? What can well you know we had a report I don't know we could go or so Ed that nice a couple days ago that Elvis was spotted up in Thunder Bay Sure, I'm here for a bit You're going up to Thunder Bay? I'm going to take a trip to Canada. Yeah, I am now do you really think You know, no I know what it was it was a prediction That's interesting. I was correct for me And they said he was going to be spotted in Thunder Bay and he would be spotted by a TV Chamberlain for yeah, it was going to take him so now you totally believe in this right? I don't know I know it was no one I know it's running in the tears out there, you know Okay, well I you know I wanted to I want to go the source. I wanted to ask yeah, well the fact that I feel like it doesn't necessarily mean I look like Call me Monday at okay Oh boy, I tell you know Neil and get it he just Doesn't get it you know If you if you I guess if you don't understand May vary R at TV and the grip it's show you don't get it But I I don't know Miami Beach show. Oh, are we coming up on a break? Yeah a couple minutes why okay? I just wanted to see you have a couple minutes. Yeah, I'm really enjoying the CD Oh, yeah, and that wonderful it was great yesterday was fantastic. Yeah, yeah, that was That really it Can you see him in your head like I was talking about on 32 so the majority of them I can see a couple of days The dinosaurs to the US days without a doubt before my time was it? Yeah Sunday night at nine o'clock we saw watch Ed Sullivan a day CBS on CBS and then we turn over to watch Dina I'd dynam a bit on NBC. I can't remember anyway we turn over at nine. It was the Chevrolet hour Shubby bought the hour and she always ended with that song at the end and then she drove big kiss You know, and it was like what everybody it was just you ever in the country knew about it, you know What was the chronology of this CD? I mean does it does it have set dates because some of these seem New or the Oreo commercial spare Lee recent within the past ten years there's no dates on it I really haven't even because Neil played this I haven't really even figured out you know the the numbers It's really tough finding their own music the Orient though. Yeah. There are no speaking commercials I don't think so not really you know you'll hear a little of that but basically no Well see they were all jingles back in that time they really were as you can tell That was what TV commercials were you know the the audio port portion was a song Good now results originally Little speedy yeah with their average angle yeah I got that here somewhere. I just after figured out how to find it but The one set they let's see what so let me try this one now here Like this one for example See if you can hear now this See I'm having trouble wait a minute I'm having trouble working this let's see if this is You remember this yeah not a country yeah Now that's really a whole genre of commercial done that that's now gone the cigarette Oh sure Yeah, I'll probably some more of those like the Winston and all because we just grew up with those when we were kids If I call next week, can we discuss film for a couple minutes? Absolutely. Oh, that's I made your whole show next week Come film really maybe one You're not gonna have any guests. No, no. Oh, that's right. Yeah, okay. It'll be great one more thing. Yeah What do you really think about TV case and Kevin Klein? I mean instead of marriage made in hell Well, I think he's too old for her. I don't understand it Well, she seems to really love him though. They've been together for a long time You know, they would they live together for several years before they got married and there wasn't even a baby Did it her see no so obviously she really does truly love him so God bless him. You know what I mean? I know what you mean But I recovered out you do Have a good day Excellent questions this morning on the deal Rod you show with the bird at 10 36 we're gonna take a break and then we will continue with these unbelievable phone calls This Well, that was on on the ball games I've had Roger brought me the TV at the what's the dictionary to prime time TV and I was correct Sunday night Ed Sullivan was on a to clock on CBS and Diana the dinosaur Chevy show is officially what it was called was on at nine o'clock now When I was good this is 1957 I'm looking at I was nine years old and what Ed Sullivan I call it to display the Ed Sullivan syndrome whenever at the Ed Sullivan Show came on will that mint school tomorrow morning that's what that meant it tomorrow morning was School so I always referred to that as the Ed Sullivan syndrome now I remember even younger I can let's see if it was on like in the mid 50s when I was even younger yeah 55 Lancy at seven o'clock. I had to be home on Sunday night when I was you know seven eight years old I had to be home to see Lassie and then Lassie was a half hour than Jack Benny came on then Ed Sullivan and then later let's see in seven then Diana sure came on incredible to look at this because I remember watching these shows I love Lucy was on Wednesday night at seven thirty Phil Silver shovel the one I was like leave it to beaver Friday nights on CBS at seven thirty now this is something else kids today don't remember today television prime time television starts at eight o'clock. It used to be seven thirty remember back in the 50s it was seven thirty that's when prime time television started okay so anyway what what you remember is back in that time you know a wednesday this lady is a trip I have to admit it anyway back in that time yeah see I don't know how Neil does it I'm serious I don't know how he did you did the deep tube oh did you did you remember oh did the deep tube deep deep deep deep deep deep no no this is all in the daytime with the sofa for sure all the deep tube be your body did the deep tube oh no deep deep deep deep tube you are you deep deep deep okay then you remember I see a minute we style this one up because this is this is more what I was talking about see what you want to you want to it hey you get to it no I just played that one I'm going to get better at this machine you watch as the week goes on I'm going to get a slick as yeah I see what Neil is talking about you'll completely forget about the calls with this CD man you get you get so into it you know and and I will continue to to play with this because I love this man boy the memories this spring in fact and I got to play that Hawaiian punch one I'll do that in a few minutes we're not even going to have time today to do what I normally do so we'll do it next week uh... advertising the cards and we'll go through the bitch you know and play one from every letter that's a traditionally started back at Zeta a.b takes a whole show you know to get through the whole alphabet uh... but I have time today not with this CD here but uh... let's do gets a few of these calls in anyway well at least see what's going on Miami Beach hello I kept on waiting too long didn't i hello hello hi are you on my me beach hello hi wait are you talking to me i think so don't like you now i'm a coconut grow oh sorry we're calling from richie swimwear are you yes in coconut grow we have officers camera in here you said and i'm she'll uh... i she'll uh and we love you so we're just calling to let you know well we we love richie swimwear good what are you gonna come visit us i should then yes are you want to get you in some little skippy bikini sounds good from these things yeah are you one of the models i do a little bit of modeling for it hey well he has wonderful taste good so you like it so come down and see if when you get off work today well i can do it today but i think it sounds like a good idea okay you're in the grow right okay well good to hear from you good to hear from you too and you want to know why we waited so long to call you why we had for neol the girl make a show because we knew that he'd be sarcastic to us oh neol well see me all but i understand you know what i'm saying you just uh you can't you can't you can't hold it against him he just you know you should not into it i understand but we love you well good and listen if you run into anybody that looks like the bk's give me a call okay i do what hi too i'm joking now i i'll let you know we have a lot of people coming in here a lot of pretty girls and i've seen you want to look like cv off call you up you'll be the first person now you you my heart you gotta get my heart going again after what you said to me i hold right here we'll walk the door okay okay we'll see you later bye she was remember that that's another one neol just doesn't get i love that that's um that's poppin fresh booh wait on all is on the hotline no is how oh wait on all here comes a message how about lunch wait not to the oh wait all for the july absolutely yes absolutely that'd be wonderful we're getting out of here early on the fourth of july wait and we're going to be out of here at one o'clock for the ball game so that would be perfect because there's nothing open on the fourth of that we can't only work on cancel going to open every day it never closed twenty flowers a three hundred sixty five days a year and so we can't get any food on the fourth of july so that well way that would be great so now we have we have more to look forward to on the fourth of july that would be great we have a three hours show and Steve was going to do is uh flag burning show but that game let's see if the game starts at one two three be like four thirty before they get to that i guess okay um let's uh now we go to Miami Beach this time hello hello plan wow yes unbelievable in the first hour late as a gentleman in here's Mike right i wonder to say how much it was it was a real pleasure to meet you on Saturday well it was a big surprise bike and it was great to you know to see you right by the way uh i know a friend of yours very well more than Bailey do you yeah he's still around yeah yeah what's he say about no he he's a friend yeah nice guy oh sure he's a good friend of mine um where did you grow up in Lakeland uh huh well born and raised well radio station did you grow up with back that big wall in Tampa you know the thing about Lakeland Lakeland is right in between Tampa and Orlando so i got to hear um you know but radio from Tampa which was a big market and and from Orlando WLF in Orlando right listen to but big wall that was my station WALT you remember a guy by the name of Charlie Brown of course you did after noon friend of mine uh played in the attic up him on WDNA a few weeks ago uh and uh by the way i love talking up record right do it to this day in fact well i do it all the time but can you talk up these old commercials from television yeah sure um yeah um what was like 11-10 it was a daytime right i remember them and they were a great station i mean that that's what i grew up on they were a wonderful station why did they have a switch format uh you know i don't know a.m. died eventually from music you know and uh they just went the way but uh you know bob Collins who's now of course in Chicago uh was it well nice start there but he did mornings there for a while right i heard bob Collins now when i was a kid let's say like 1960 when i was like 12 years old bob Collins was on WGTO in cypress gardens remember that's okay i want to make a word to wrote station back then yeah that's correct like five forty right and then um then he was at Walt he did mornings then he was all over of course he was uh down here for a while yeah i could be a more cute right he was an in my Q and now he's in Chicago right uh do you remember jai idle uh WCY WCY WLCY uh rabbit rabbit rabbit is it jockey rabbit no uh we did listen WLCY there was a station i used to pick up down here from later in WLAK yeah WLAK uh is now in Chicago those colors that station is now a talk station right on a.m. and it was right in my neighborhood like that's a station i used to hang out in when i was a kid oh my god i knew from from when i was seven eight years old i was gonna be a radio believe it or not and they that station WLAK like fourteen thirty right and it was in my neighborhood yeah yeah and i used to go hang out there and the guys used to let me uh watch them you know where we should first stop where did you start WLINT in winter haven which isn't there anymore that's my first job my second job was Y&D and Sarah said in this great reminiscing about radio when it happened to WLINT what are they doing now i did i did something else now i don't even know what the cause of WLAK back then yeah the 1660 this man's incredible this man's like a locking arm arm they were doing hunting for a while and i think they're back to oldies but oldies station yeah well listen my kids and i love reminiscing with you on radio and i have something special just for you i'm gonna play it right after the break okay okay i'm gonna get my recorder ready in fact play the witch your air check thing maybe okay maybe it will be a surprise you it was great to see a Saturday night okay all right there he goes man unbelievable soon this is what i like when the ogres out of town we hear all these wonderful voices so i got something for mike and we'll do it right after this word waterdale hi hi i'm just uh hearing all the uh calls you've been getting i've been sitting here shuddering because i got some kind of uh i don't have reminiscing stuff to talk about i was gonna tell you i've been waiting to tell you about this wait and move on to competitive in Broward County i came across in Broward in Broward is that possible it's possible i was shooting a light waiting to make a left hand turn and uh a car or truck actually five day truck team rolling out of the uh the left hand across uh road made a turn and something road lost the back to guy kept on going i looked over in there sitting in the left hand south with an engine block oh we haven't got to the best part oh the right change and because i'm making a left hand turn i'm still sitting there the guy in the left hand south family pulls up about two feet from the engine block and blows his horn now that's appropriate yeah i was just like a mate you thought i thought just like you say about radio sometimes you think you 37 years old you think it all you know somebody comes up and says no you haven't yeah that's right happens all the time doesn't it yeah well enjoy your uh turn on the radio there bird i'll be looking forward to hearing you as Neil's side kick again okay me too thank you to you good to hear from you yeah boy everybody's got a story don't they everybody down here good day is story I think we have time to talk to Holly what hi oh there birdie this is Rick Rogers and his Gerard's neighbor Fred it's been a long time it's a beautiful day in bird's name uh beautiful day in bird's name bird's name bird won't you be bird will you be bird won't you be bird paper you're gonna enjoy this day anyway i talked to film during the break and he's got to go take his shower because it's eleven o'clock and they'll call us after the news we have a great track story to tell you we uh really have a told you yet okay now here we bow in rea's here and he's coherent he's gonna deliver the news for you and don't forget it's the uh doctor red Robert showed this afternoon at two o'clock these uh these brain searches here at iod they got everybody gone on the same day i think this this uh we should send this to the broadcast museum up in New York because i don't believe this has ever happened in radio history which dates back to the twenties hang gober gun sports talk tonight will walky in the yankies at seven thirty this evening on sixteenth weekly yod you know ready I'm gonna get all the stuff from the group. I'm gonna get all the stuff from the group. I'm gonna get all the stuff from the group. I'm gonna get all the stuff from the group. Okay, that's a new intro, isn't it? They put my name on there, that's unbelievable. I think they put that together at the last minute. Okay, it's 11.06. The first hour of pretty good, we had some really good calls. Isn't that incredible? Yes, the thing with Neil is gone, all these people that he will talk to, call in and that's what I like. So let's go, let's go another call where we wake the fills call. Seems on this line. Is this my OEB? Yes it is. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. I was going to compliment you on the lower decibels this morning. It's kind of a relief. I've listened to your program this past week, because I'm doing a very boring job at the office. I worked at a 50 watt position in Lakewood, about 15 years ago. Fifth? What? Yeah, you know, the Microsoft Office on down. Oh. One of those? Yeah, you stand for the phone and do the logs. So it's been a kind of a treat. However, no one else has said it. But I have to tell you, yesterday afternoon's program set radio back 50 years. Why? If there was so much yelling and screaming, and then we could understand a word, anyone was saying. What do you mean yelling and screaming? Not your program. Oh, well, there was. There always is some. Not like this. This was so bad. I had to turn it off. Now do you remember what what what made you turn it off? Any things specific? The whole tone of it. No. Most of the screaming, no one would give anyone a chance to speak or to express themselves. And the host, I'm not sure who he was, can it kept interrupting me, guess? Which of course. Oh, yes, if you, oh, yeah, yeah, I didn't hear that. I heard about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's that's the leap over there. That's what you're talking about. Yeah, I understand. I kept interrupting me, yeah. And you couldn't understand a word any other thing. I did listen to one second of that. And I like to say that publicly. We were embarrassed. That was that I will say it. That was Steve Cains and Systems. That they do that. And we warned them. We warned Sharon. A really well. We tried to tell him. Trust me. We tried. Sure you can. Yeah. It was it was it was so distorted. I mean just everything. I mean the first program with the young woman who was supposed to be a family. Well, if it had been an English it might have been. Well, it was. It was. It was. Oh, it was. I'm not even going to go into what. What she had to say about feminists, especially when most of us were waiting for their decision from the Supreme Court come down and they put it back and I have to wonder. Isn't there Steve going to be back on Monday? Tuesday. Tuesday. I heard. But it's so weird. You, I, O, D presents Neal Rogers and Glenn Hill. Neal is taking the day off today. Glenn Hill is in to get a touch and talk. Call 751 W, I, O, D, and D. 5, 2, 4. W, I, O, D, and Roller. Or 655 and 278 W, I, O, D, and the Palm Beach. The opinions expressed by the hosts, guests, or colors are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Glenn Hill on Newstalk Radio 610 W, I, O, D. What? A newscast. That was great. That was. A, O, A, O, everything you went to wasn't there. What happened? You want to come in and give a rebuttal to that? That was, oh, that's like a newsperson's nightmare. Did you notice every card, every actuality, everything you went to failed? That's awfully, that's like, yeah, that's like a newsperson's nightmare. Now, talk to those nightmare. We had the other day where the phone, you know, it's just there. The caller's there, you keep pushing off off off off, and it's still the guys still there. And, you know, it's, uh, add or somebody. This is a talk show nightmare. What? Johnny Dark is here ladies and gentlemen. The infamous. And just in time to eat, you know, to eat. And then he's going to tell you the story about the golf game, which we'll play in a few minutes. I'm going to tell you a story about that. Are you? I don't know the story behind that. Don't you remember Johnny, if you go back way back in the craniums of your brain, when we were doing the show in Zeta, when needles on the case, we did like kind of a six-year age shows. And we played the rack. We played nothing but bits. One show we played like, all the bits. And you kept track of what the people were asking for. And as I recall, you told, that was the most requested bit. the most requested bed. Oh, it was. Yeah, I didn't know if that's what you were referring to. But so it is a true story, right? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to say, boy, this is this is really something wrong. Now, see if Johnny C, if you can remember this, see if this brings back any memories. Well. I did. I did. But this is ponderous. I mean, we hated these commercials when they were out years ago and we hate them now. Ponderous. Ponderous. French glad I came today. Call Springs, huh? Hey, bird. Time. How you doing? Help me. I called yesterday and I talked to Neil, but you were in the can. Oh, yeah. You're about to called last night. Well, that was a nice talk to him and now let's go to Boka. Hello. Boka. Is this the textbook Boka call? Perfect. Listen carefully. Boka, not even any buzz or homerunner. Boka is dead. Miami. Hi, Juan. Hi. I'm going to kiss Pockio when Neil's home. Brian. I'm just giving you a call today. Mm-hmm. Because I really do enjoy him in the matter of what anybody says. Thank you. I'm always called a lightning round. And you know, really enjoy the real, what is a purpose of it? Do you have to raise out the gas? What do you what? What's a purpose of it? Yeah. Well, that's just your three seconds to be clever. That happened accidentally. Neil just sort of stumbled on that. He was, remember he had the old clicking and it would click and then the buzzer. Yeah. And people just got into it and it just happened. Everybody loves it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a perfect place, perfect place for him, Bajie from Boka. See that's, you know, Larry from the squeego. That's where they should be. Two seconds. The dark lady, the same is dark lady. She's, she's great. The dark lady's different genre. Well, it could be. Oh no. Well, I cannot be, I don't remember. They, but I can honestly and the one that says they have people arrested. Well, at two or words, have ever been spoken? Nobody ever, I just made that originally myself because I know that way so you're a bastard. Oh, yeah. I just decided to do a majority, you know, to do a job myself and you say so. People be open to the same team of the prominent. Mm-hmm. Right, right. You and my own American army, so people are upstairs. There you go. That reminds me of a salespeople story I'll tell a little bit. Okay? Okay. I want to say a lot of you. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. Good to hear from you. All right. We have a car in Broward. Are you still there? I'm still here. All right. Hi. You know, good. I'm first time caller. I want to call because I have that TV. You have what? The commercial TV. Yeah, you do. Where'd you get it? I got a tower record or tower records in New York. But the teachers told me they would be getting it in. They are getting it in. They, and this is a couple weeks. It's already been on the billboards first. Yeah. Yeah. I would thank you. Good find it. It's called TV tunes for commercials. Yeah. It just came out like, uh, just new, huh? Brandon. Okay. We're good. So maybe if stores don't have it yet, they'll have it soon. Yeah. I would just keep going up, but I mean, I know they're getting it. Is it the work? Okay. All right. Well, thanks a lot. Okay. And I veermably disagree that this is pond. And then nothing takes the boss like no kind of another kid to teach. This is a pond, right? Take it off. Take it all off. Yeah. Never take it off. You're not seem acting. Take it off, Dad. Accumant, another kid to teach. Cool. You. I. You. You. You. You. You're such a video junkie. It's unbelievable. Isn't it? And that's that's why you're so excited about this because you're a video junkie. But for those of us who ate television, vehemently. Yeah. Are you glad he came in? We'll be right back. Wanna uh, tell everybody what. What happened during the news. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's very good looking. Of course. She's good looking. Yeah. I have incredible. Well, tastes. I don't make these things up. Oh, we haven't had a car here. No, it's dead. There's nobody. Oh, we already did that one. Okay. Should we do the golf game? Get that out of the way? Uh, you should really say that. For it's like the climax of the day, you know? I told everybody to play at the center. Okay. You did. I heard that. I can say that later in the hour. No, you have other stuff. Exciting young Neil coming up. And my wife left town with the banana. I mean, we got more stuff. I can't even, we couldn't even do. I was going to do the alphabet. Not too next week. I don't know if it'll ever even get to the. No. We're so busy here. I was going to do a bit, you know, from each of one letter each. A, B, it takes the whole show. We'll do that one day next week. My, I mean. Yes. Hi. Hi, me, uh, Glenn. Yeah. The area. I'm fine. I'm calling once in a while, but it's time to get me in during the week. Um, I, I heard nobody call about you came for remorse. Oh, I love these reports. Are these reports unbelievable? I cannot understand why a station has a rating and a station in. Which allows a communicative to be on it. Well, learn a tech. Very well chosen. I thought the man was just going to become a rating maybe. Uh-huh. Uh, I listened to it for a few minutes. I couldn't stand it anymore. I turned it off. And I think your station was a lot of listeners. Yes. I'm a person. When the surprise and they lost me. I mean, it was. I heard an answer question. A power called an answer question. The question is again. They tried to answer and this man became such a rating maybe. The, the gets can even answer. I'm trying to hear what they're saying. And you can hear anything. Well, and the next caller agreed with his position. And he's trying to everybody shut up and listen to the call. Uh, she. It was just outrageous. And this is the same man. And he was yesterday's Harold and an article about him. But he's not even a citizen. Right. And he also has been involved in his respect to me. Well, you know, his position terrorism is not so bad for him. Oh, I know. And uh, and there's not enough argument on that other side of the issue for, for my money about pro terrorism. Right. I mean, she's. You know, it. I can understand it. If they keep hiring people like this. Three. All right. You're going to have the same rating. Is that your old. Correct. I couldn't agree more. I mean, it was just. This can get out rate. And everybody knows if you, you know, a circuit time. And a clown. No. But this man went beyond the limit of being outrated. And I don't like it. I'm so glad I missed it. You know, you should be very glad. I mean, he is really a disgrace for the public community. Mm-hmm. When they have 200 people in this market, like Stan Major, they're called in great words and different people. But I don't want you to like that here. And they hired this, the net is to get on there. It's just, it's just, you're my money. I had to turn it on. I'm sure he's free. I'm sure that's not the day for it. All right. I'm sure they did. Yeah. That was too high of a price for your space here. I couldn't agree more, man. Well, thank you very much. I really enjoyed your program today. And you're doing excellent job. Well, I'm really glad you called up to say that. I appreciate it. And have a nice day. You too. Okay. All right. Boy. And like I said, it has nothing to do with us. We told them. We warned them. We told them exactly what was going to happen. And still, I apologize. You want to show us through the air. Okay? That's how strongly I feel about that. Oh, look at this. A rare, oh, man. These are rare's hints to eat. It's a coffee Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, good afternoon. Hi. Oh, no. I'll tell you something. It's nice to have a decent quiet without Neil running his mouth all the time. But I'm a serious note. Something's really bothering me. Paul is Batman paraphernalia. Yeah. Hi. Everywhere you go, you see Batman. I know. I could talk very abstinently called earlier, who's a film critic. And when I was a film critic, summer was my least favorite time. Because that's what you get. You get all this hype. All these kids movies, you know. I, my desire to go see Batman, you know. No, I saw the movie. It was good. No, no. I spent $12 on a hat. Right. I mean, that's what makes I think Raiders at a loss arc. And Robert, excuse me. The other steam film, I'd move is unique. That they don't plot and time. The crime is down. You throw a good merchandise. Yeah. That's what it is. But to all those people out there who do buy Batman paraphernalia, you know, the junk. You're wasting your money. Ghostbusters too. All right. Thanks a lot. Yeah. The Ghostbusters. They have ghostbusters. Clanses when you go into that ridiculous McDonald's. On the hot dogs. On the hot dogs. What kinds of kids eat on the hot dogs? The red kids eat the food. The red kids eat the food. Even kids, what's in the box? What? I don't understand why you playing commercials. Old ridiculous. I, we hated them then. We hate them now. Because don't you understand. Before there was cable. The commercials, you know, they were, we saw them in the 50s on TV as we grew up. Yeah. We used to watch them. And we were sick of them. Yeah. And we're not that I'm trying to sell you anything. So you miss in the point. I'm not trying to sell you a damn thing. You know, some of these, some of these, I don't even have business. I know it's nostalgia and everything. That's what it is. It's like playing the themes to the TV show. The old TV show is the same thing. And it's great. Oh, geez. Man, I tell you, the Broward line. Are you in dear field? I plan, yes. Oh, my. Hey. Like I said, different voices. Oh, look, I just found young Neil Carolyn. Oh, right. So we're going to have that coming up. All right. I'm waiting to hear the golf game I've never heard it. You never heard it. I got it right here. I'll tell you what. I'll play it. Well, early in the 12 o'clock hour. All right. Now, this is going to be exciting. You're going to get to hear that finally. All right. I've been waiting for it. I've been looking forward to it. Well, long time. Well, Neil threw it out Carolyn. And I got it back. I want to thank Joe Johnson. One of our best listeners who furnished that to me. Take off the air here. And I appreciate it, Joe. That's great. You've got a lot of great people that send you along. Yeah, not the Joe Johnson at Madgie. It's another Joe Johnson. And not the Joe Johnson that does step in out, right? Right. There's so many of them. Yeah. And just for you, later on in the show, I'm going to play my wife left home with the banana. Oh, thanks. I just got, you know, the reason I was calling, I just, I can't believe that Mr. Disney has not been inundated with, with calls and letters. About yesterday's show. Oh, my God. Well, I don't know if he has or not. You know, they're so oblivious around here. Nothing's been said to be, of course, has nothing to do with us. Well, I know that. But I mean, especially from the feminist movement because the sub-dissis were, but this girl that was on there to be in the show, I only listened to the beginning. No doubt. But they were, he subject to rape came up. And this guy said, well, you know, I can't understand these guys anyway. Rape and these joggers because they're all dirty and sweaty and stinky. I mean, he's the they should at least be showered and perfumed and everything. Oh, my God. And you know, terrorism isn't so bad, you know. Yeah, I just want to say that. I understand a Carolyn. Steve O. insisted this guy do the show. Believe me, yes, Nick says yes he did. Well, he had him on like a couple weeks ago. I mean, he was, he was on the show a guest. They don't want Stan or Joey or anybody like that. They want this guy. No, he did a great job with Tom Jick. Yes, he did. I enjoyed that very much driving home a couple days ago about TV. That was really good. No, you know, maybe they should try, well, first off, I would suggest putting this show in English. But you know, it goes by that story that Neil told about the guy over KT, who, you know, he won he hired somebody who wanted to more mediocre than him. So he looked, I don't know, but, well, I just wanted to give, you know, I just thought I could just show a chance and listen to the guy. Not me. We warned him. We told him exactly what was going to happen. And they're just oblivious, you know, they don't care, you know, fine. So leap, hey, Rivera, terrorism is not so bad. And, you know, I mean, well, I don't even want to talk about it. I exactly, I don't play it here. But I just wanted to say one more thing, Glenn. Uh-huh. Today's the 30th. And you're not going to be there on the first. So when it's going to be your chronic day. Well, we, we, we, we'll see the way that works. That's, you know, the first show day after the first. Okay. So, you know, I haven't called since the first. Well, I think the chronic day is a good idea, no, you know, you know, I always enjoy it. We did that, but we did it. The Neil was sick or something a few months ago. Yeah, and well, that's been also a June for a set to last time I called it. Yeah, because a lot of I was getting a lot of hate calls. You know, I mean, you know, I was like, hey, we'll do a Monday. Thanks for my answer. Good idea. I enjoyed those shows because she hear all these people. Well, you know, Mike did call today, but, and you call, but we'll do all chronic. That's a great idea. Is Neil going to call from Europe? He said no. Oh, he said no. He went to play in the no and he had to wait, you know. Exactly. That's what he said. You don't want to think about it. I don't play him. Really. Well, Glenn, how great we can. I got four days off and I'm really looking forward to it. Well, lucky you. Okay, Caroline. I support the July. See you. Alright, there she goes and we got to Miami next alone. How are you, Glenn? Hi. How are you doing today? Great. First of all, where, where, you know, where, you know, you know, I think with pirate radio, rock it in, we can get, we can get that from. That came off a air check, a pirate radio that they had over next door to TTR. I mean, Johnny Donner, somebody, just rub that off for us. Don, D, but DTR do. We like it here. How far is it? 1, 2, 3, F, F, F. Time, radio. Now, that actually came off an air check, a pirate radio in LA. That's one of their liners. First, what do, could they, could they call the station and get it from there if they wanted? What do you mean? That, that particular car you wanted to send us on like that they wanted it? Um, what you would have to do is have somebody take pirate radio out in LA. You know, that's the only way. That's how we got it. Oh, uh. I understand. Yes, and I know, I think, you know, uh, sometimes I can play this jiggle or jiggle from W.I.A.D. and the six handwacker twist. Yeah. How about if you guys could play, let's say, some air check from the old W.I.O.D. or from W.C.K.R. There are any in the building, are there? Uh, not that I know of. There's a rare, what you heard, there's a very rare. Oh. And uh, and I, I had called specs to see if they have that, that contact is with what? What, what, what does this, what? What is it? What is it? I called, I called specs, yes. I just, I just find out if they had that, that, that, that CD with the commercials. And they said they didn't. Really? Well, you know, I don't, I don't tell you. I don't know how to, I have no idea where it came from or or anything. I friend James Holmes down at the sound of I stand in candle, just put this in my hand. The other day, a couple of days ago. And I don't know, you know, where I've never seen it in my life. It's called TV tunes, the commercials. I'm going to call James Monday and see if he works fine. Yeah. You know, you ever seen those CDs with those albums with the TV themes? Yeah. You ever seen those? It's the same thing. Any store, and I would assume it would be in any big record store like Peaches or Specs or any Soundware house or any of those. If they have those, I assume they have these. It's the same thing. Right. And, and a couple more things. You know, you know, who else is in Europe, Jim Kelly? Yeah. And also, could you please play Neil Hadrem? I haven't heard that in a long time. See Robin Williams. Yeah. You'll see him in a totally different life. Mm-hmm. And he's, he's just incredible. And nothing movie. Not so many movies ever choke me up. That movie just really gets a hold of it. Well, I don't like to go to the movies in the summer. I think if I go see one, that'll be the one. Yeah. I definitely recommend it. And, uh, enclosing. I just want to say to Felipe, Yeah. That there's one phrase that is sort of universal on it. It'll go in any language. And I'd like to send this out to Felipe. Yeah, I'd go. Okay. And here's your cafeteria, Santa Maria. Tired of the same old restaurants. Try that cafeteria, Santa Maria, Oh, I'll leave. How much is that door key on the menu? The one with the barbecue tail? How much is that door key on the menu? I'm sure that the chef out of jail. That's right. No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, Santa Maria of Hyalia. We'll make your stomach stop brawling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing. Talk about delicious. Mmm, mmm. Your meal is always fresh. We kill it right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, Santa Maria. Try it once. You'll leave there religiously. I must hear the act of the key on the menu. We love one that is fried in the fat. You're good. Please bring me that door key on the menu. And bring aside water of cats. Walk one more tattered grayhound for the cafeteria, Santa Maria of Hyalia. Where we give new meaning to the word. That food. Boy, it's been a long time.