We try it again. This is the Neil Rogers. Well, I think this is the brand. Any questions? Okay, maybe there's nothing wrong with MSG. Maybe it's just allergic to Ricky Tickie as that posse. Very posse. Because he don't work in that machine. I'll be damned, really? I'll be damned. Yeah. And you know that the guy who says a little bit nervous but never to last. Yeah. He don't work in that machine. So it's very selective. Well, I'll give you the test cart to really test it out on. I'll tell you the one that will give you the whole story. Ed. Oh. Yeah. Try Ed in that machine. By the way, I heard Ed Saturday afternoon on the keeper of the Keys show when I was going to dinner. Really? Yeah. Ed called in. It was a discussion about Elvis, you know? And at the end of the call, you know, Ed said, well, thank you very much. I feel really good. I like to try it sometimes. Ed works in that machine. So it's good enough for us. It's 1106 to WI would be able to mobile in Blinton Beach, hello. Hi, is he over? Speaking. Yeah. He'll tell you how are you? I have to listen to you coming back from the courthouse. I'm going to turn it. Yeah. And I've got to tell you. I'm a past president of my bar association. And a lot of what you say about the legal system. I think people find particularly frustrating. He is a slow system. It sucks. I want to tell you, we had a hearing. We had a hearing in front of a judge in date County a couple of months ago. And this judge was no more interested in hearing any of the testimony from either side. It wasn't just me, or from either side. He was interested in what time it was so we can go over to birdines to lunch to meet his pals over there because he's got a schedule every day. And he gave us such short trip that there's no way in the world a good of possibly gotten enough testimony to make a meaningful decision. Well, Ridiculous embarrassing was just a waste of time. The problem in here in the system, which I know is no excuse, but really an explanation. But I want to address a couple of comments about your friend from Carl Gable. When we were up to you growing up, I think many times we always had a kid on the block who is a big plate. And he could intimidate the rest of us because he was larger physically and stronger physically. And then the rest of us, when you're dealing in the judicial system, there is the ability when an attorney is representing himself as your friend basically is, we all know, to be able to be the big bully on the block, to be able to be someone who be cost of his knowledge of the system, how the system works and how to intimidate someone who is lawfully exercising his constitutional edifice, beats such as yourself, there is the ability in favor of that person to be the big bully. I think that's what's happening to you, but yeah, then attorney, if I can just suggest to you, if easy for me to say, but hey, and there, I know it's particularly frustrating, but you are entirely correct. You have every legal right to represent what you represent as far as your feelings are concerned to act as you feel appropriate to comment as you deem appropriate. I listened to your Charlotte, I'm going back and forth to the court. I'll tell you how far it went, even some of the letters that he sent out the Jimmy Johnson is leaving anyway, some of the letters that he sent were letters to Sam Jankovich at the U of M, and what he was hysterical about was because I don't have a court. I'll get the, we'll see the meeting, I'll let you know tomorrow. What is that? Did you hear that? Yeah, mobile phones, another call cut in. And then he went away? You never hit the off button. No, I just disappeared. Well, I've only got the lines crossed on the mobile, haven't we? Anyway, what I was going to say, some of the letters did Sam Jankovich because of what I said about the U M football program. And because I don't support the football program. And because I made a joke about the U M had a better drug supply than the dolphins and so on, you remember that? About 10 months ago. Now, what the hell does that have to do with smut on the air? Which allegedly, again, is the front for this whole campaign of hysterical homophobia? What does that have to do with it? If I don't like any of the U M sports programs, that's my privilege, okay? So you see it goes down at the Westminster Dog Show. It doesn't make any difference. What it is that I give an opinion about on the air, this individual is going to try to create a problem with it, okay? No matter what it is. Now, if anybody is stupid enough that they can't see through that, then they got a real problem. I can't remember what you said about the dolphins. I said the dog shows are stupid and I said those people go out there, they're prancing around. Oh, that's it. So what? That's your opinion. Yeah. So what? And I can't say that. So I guess I have to clear all of my comments and all of my opinions through the sensor for the community. And I'm going to say it again publicly, okay? I don't know how long it's going to take the wheels of justice to start grinding in this town, but you people at the Florida bar, you're really doing a great disservice, okay, by dragging your feet. We keep peering wellers and investigation on going and you can't talk about it. Oh, this is a miracle. Okay, I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about. Period. And how the hell long? How many brain surgeons does it take? To see something that's as flagrant and as open and as horrendous as this witch hunt that's been going on now for nearly two years. How long does it take to see it for what it is? Just a letter to Janet Reno alone. Just that letter alone, which has nothing to do with me. Yeah. Should be a real good eye opener for all those people over there at the Florida bar. Anybody else who practices law here in the state of Florida? Can we go back to what Penny Daniel said on Inside Story when you were on last week at the end of the report? She said you had been investigated by many, many. You name it. Anybody you can think of? The governor's office. The state attorney's office and every one of them you came out clean as a whistle. Is that what she said? That's what she said. It's 1112 at WIOD. Okay, all you radio people are out there listening. Look at this broadcasting magazine this week. Help out programming and production. Talk show host. Established, talks station, Beckon's quality talent for explosive South Florida market. Topical entertaining superb conversational conversationalist. Oh controversial, conversational. This is a bad copy. EOE resumated box B45 broadcasting magazine. We don't know what city. I always like when it's one of those little ads like they always know it's a real big station. I like WOLF. Anyway, it's 15 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boca, 2789463, 278 WIOD. I apologize if that guy is still listening in his car that lawyer. But that's not the first time that's happened on a mobile phone. Or somebody else cuts in from out of nowhere. Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Hey, bird. How are you doing? Okay. That's great. I'm really behind. First, I'd like to say a letter to Mike Gau, who converted me to listening to your show. I'll listen to that. Great. Let's say a big thank you to Mike whoever he is. He's a great guy. Well, you're a great guy. That's the rumor we hear. You know what? You know, I have a herald report. Instead of talking about the things that you're talking about. That was spectacular about, you know, what the press does. A herald aware that's talking about it's all this still alive. I mean, he's done in the assault office you're doing that. It's talking his is all this done. This guy was said that. Well, that's funny because that's what we're doing on Wednesday. He's this guy said he was paid $125. Yeah. Like Elvis. And, uh, What did you say your name was again? Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen, Jeff. Call us again like about a year from June. Okay. It's 11 16 and WID. Jeff was good, wasn't he? How do you like these calls so far today? Mm-hmm. Is it me or do I feel like am I sitting cock-eyed now at this mic? I don't know. No. Because I'm not. I don't think so. I feel like I'm swung rare round here because my my kishki's are squashing against the table. There's something, oh, I know what it is. Look at the mic stand. Okay. You see these mic stands are very strange, aren't they? Have you ever seen mics like this? The kind of like, teeter? Look at it. Have you ever seen anything like that before? I never had. No. No. You need different, very strange. Anyway, it's 11 17 now. Boy, things are really moving a lot now. We're finally getting in gear and getting going here on a great Monday. Waterhill. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bless it. I hope your buttons don't hit the floor. I'm not last call. He was very energetic. Yeah. He was good, wasn't he? He wasn't. He was very energetic. He was very energetic. Bless it. Everybody's got to get a ho-ho-ho in a jelly. Yeah. Everybody's a comedian, sir. Really? Not to belittle your new problem with Holland. I mean, excuse me, Hollywood. P.D. I mean, you already put down Holland, though. That was good enough. But you did bring up something in your last hour about Sunny Fox, which was my wife, was an avid listener. And I never knew whatever happened to him. All he got cancer. Okay. That's where I got the shampoo. The great disc dropped in the sky. Right before Christmas time, and they made him disappear. Like they always doing his business. They just made him disappear. Yeah. No, I'm seriously speaking. That was the reward. That was the great reward they gave him from Wyman 100 for the super job he's been doing there in the morning for years. I'll tell you. Sounds like he got another call, pal. That's okay. Listen, go share. You have an A-Tek. Okay. Up. Good guy. That's another call. Okay. We can win 100. There are big rumors in the business. You must have that little PD they have. What's the same Steve? Yeah. Steve from Chicago. That he's going to be departing shortly. Really? He just got there. Yeah. Well, he's not doing anything. The station's, well, how did they do overall? Yeah. I don't usually pay that much attention to him. And I still wouldn't work not for the fact that Sunny is a great guy to give us so much help with the Camille sounds. Well, he's getting us clocked, but clean by Keith Eisley. Say the least. Well, look at that. They were 11th on the weekend until you had that much. Wow. That's the room. Here's 12 plus Monday through Sunday, 6 a.m. to midnight. Hot had a 73. Power had a 41. Mm-hmm. Why would 100 didn't make the first pay? Ooh. See what I'm saying? Why 100 came in tied with joy 13th with a 35. From. I was down from a 36. Yeah. For that a 38. See, they're not, they're not doing anything. Drop from 9th to 10th. And we're 11th to 13th. Dropping like a rock. Yeah. Brace my heart. And a David Ross over there. He's another brain surgeon. Okay. Well, I 100. Another great genius in the business. Anyway, it's 20 past 11 at WIOD. We got a mobile in bulk. Is this the same McCollard? No, I don't think so. A different mobile in bulk. Well, I hope you have better luck than the first one. Well, I didn't hear the first one. Why? Why? I got some other mobile call at the screwed them all on. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, sir. Unless it was you. No, it wasn't me. I had an opportunity to see that. Inside story or addition. Whatever you were on there. Yeah. And that's all study. Rose and birth for the first time. Here's my theory. You know how every once in a while somebody will elect a dead person. Either accidentally or as a joke. Yeah. The first time that one actually took office. It was just a maybe. The guy looked terrible. Yeah. He really does. He looked like he's gone through his third child. Didn't he? What does that force a lot in the get rid of age spots? Yeah. He needs a severely large dose. Well, no, you don't understand when you're already the walking dead. It doesn't make any difference. He's an age spot. All right. Well, anyway, I've had that real jam and keep up the good work. Okay. Thank you. 21 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Volca again. 278, 9463. Do I sound like I got a call? Because I've been fighting it off. I've been taking sign-ex or sign-u-tab or whatever that stuff is. No, you don't know. But the cold source grow test. There's that word again, Adam. Grow test. In some coincidence that Adam has the same handwriting as Markle from BBC. And what was your name, Julia the French chef? Yeah. A lot of coincidence. Those atoms. Yeah. Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Do you remember the Vatican Rage? Yeah. Yeah. How's that? That was good. Is that right enough your day? Yeah. That's what the funny Rosenberg and all are doing to you. Yeah. Oh, well. That's about all I had to add to your program. That's all your material, huh? That's all I got. I keep practicing. Okay. Practice makes perfect. That's it. Bye. I like that. Wow. I like that a lot. That was really good. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. I like that a lot. That was really good. 22 past 11 and WIOD. We have an open line in date. 75, there it goes. And one in Broward. At 524, WIOD. Palm Beach, Gornish, Telfin. Okay, and Palm Beach. 655. WIOD. I feel like scratchy, you know? I'm going to be sick for about four or five days. And then I was going to be on vacation next week. And I changed my mind. But I haven't told them yet. Oh, they don't know this yet. No. So I might just, I may reconsider. I may just take next week off in the depart. Yeah. Like to Brazil someplace like that. North, North, what in B? No, my in me beach, Neil. Okay. Okay. Neil, I'm going to beach. Uh? North Beach. No, South Beach. The land of the living dead. Okay, sir. Just go ahead. Okay. I don't know one little thing for you. I want a little thing. Neil, I'm glad you're speaking out finally. It's like you were swimming with one arm for a while. And you're starting to go. Well, we're working in this market is like swimming with no arms with your arms tied behind your back and your legs Manicule together. Yeah, well. Because they're constantly telling it, wow, down to the bass and down to that and bapapapapapapada. You know, they all operate out of fear and terror. And I'm not going to be in a fear and terror of any puts anymore. Okay, pal, I'm just not going to happen. But I'm not going to do it. I'm on the right wing commentator. There's no problem. Yeah, that's right. They can go on here. Yeah. I agree to nobody ever has one peep to say about that. I hear a lot of filth coming out of my comps. And I, you know, hit something. Let me cut it something. I want to tell you the worst crap that was ever peddled on the air back in the 1977 and the year of Anita Bride and the witch hunts in his town. Right. Some of the filthiest, some of the worst bigotry that has ever been on the air in the United States came from Mr. Courtney, Mr. Mike Thompson, Anita herself, Ellis Rubin. And I'm trying to think of some of the others who participated in those on the air witch hunts. Some of the ugliest crap that anybody could ever imagine. And it was all such a big joke. You see, you see, this is what happens when you allow the majority to try to act against the minority. Oppressed minorities. That's a classic example when you want to attack an unpopular minority. Just like they did to the Jews and the homosexuals and the Gypsies and Nazi Germany. There's no difference. No difference. The part is that they're really the minority that that just keep regrouping in the smaller and smaller way. And need is out of it now. But those other douchebags are still working and doing the same trip. And I think you... Well, I don't think they are the minority. I think that when Steve did the show the other day about David Duke and why he won at election in Louisiana, I think for the same reason that the Republican party has been appealing to the white males in the south and appealing to their inner racism and resentment. So, you know, it's not the minority, sir. I guess hate the tyrannical majority. Well, I wanted to say when you said they were all jealous, I think you really hit it on the head about this market. Instead, you know, you said a whole new standard down here of what's amusing and truthful. And I don't think they can handle it. And it's really blown direct out of the war. Yeah. And instead of trying to... And that's because there are a bunch of perokial juveniles because if they ever heard what was on here in New York and in Chicago and in Houston and a lot of other cities around this country, it makes this seem like a Sunday picnic. But we're dealing with a bunch of perokial Florida Yahoo's. Okay. This is the real world out there, but I just wanted to say real quick about the Rick Sidermanship. I was working last week and I couldn't talk to him until today's my day off. Rick Siderman reminds me very much of Roy Cohen. Do you remember him? Yes, I do. Okay. The biggest anti-Homosexual kind of looking for communist under every rug, Joe McCarthy's buddy, turns out to be the biggest queen in New York City. Yes, he was. I think Siderman has enormous problems in that regard. Well, I don't know. I would hope not because we got enough problems already. We don't need him. Exactly. But you know, like Jake or Hoover, there's a lot of real on it. When he's dating. Oh, when he's got the balls to come on his radio station, the muscle is way on his station again and it accused me of being a bigot. That's got to be one of the biggest jokes in a history of mankind. Okay? Because when it comes to terminal homophobia and spewing the ugliest rot, including a lot of it that was done right here on this radio station, he takes second to nobody. We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD and a Charlie Monday, it's 1126, we'll be right back. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They're all around. They'll be around. They're all around. They're like Luke's love, and they're like all around. So, they're like Luke's love, and they're like Luke's love. Look around Where you are Very close Where you are To be 2 332 suspense connectivity There is a vertical is There is a vertical is On theına it we call it Prank down the haf Now unbelievable Anyway, the word is oblivious here today. W-I-O-D, where it's 11.32 and we have a call from Williams Town, Massachusetts. Hello. Yeah, and you, how you doing? Okay. Spend some of the company's money. Good. I'm up here in the Berkshire's about 20 degrees. It's snow on the ground. Great. That sounds good to me. It's only got to be about 75. The sunny shining. It's a perfect day here. You see now, I get back and I really appreciate that stuff on the Sun Sun Sun, which is all about we have to offer. That is correct. And even that's getting pretty grimly. Okay, over the weekend, it was pretty dismal here, sir. That's what I heard. That's what I heard. Those are the time today's. You really shake your head and wonder what you're doing here. When the weather isn't great, there's not much else redeeming going on in this place. Well, those are the days. You're really kind of wonder. That's, well, we have you to fall back on to the day. Oh, yeah. That's what they all say. All right. Well, I just want you to let you put your pin in the map. And I just like to call an hour short to a spag. And I'll be back later in the weekend. I just hope you have a good week. Well, thank you a lot, proud years. It's the best call of the day. That should give you a real good idea of what it's going on so far. Well, that's quite a listing. I've got a one-point line. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. Bye-bye. God, almighty. Give him a little compliment. A right away they want to do about a half an hour. It's 1133 at WIOD. We have an open line in a row. 524 9463. And of course, both of the Palm Beach lines are out of material. Okay, but that's okay with us. Anyway, if you'd like to lose some weight, we'll talk radio 610, WIOD. 1137 at WIOD. We've got a call in for a lot of day. Hello. Hi, Nia. Hi. I'm a first time caller. I'm going to listen to you when you were first couple days on the SM. I think I can give you an idea of why the caller sound like they do. When you talked the way you did today, the way you sound today, it's obvious what's going on in hurting you. And rather than confront that and you know, be constructed and do something about it, people are going to avoid it because it's feelings and it's something that they don't. Because they're a bunch of old-hearted bastards in this town. Basically, you know, you got about maybe 10% of this community who are people who are caring and when you try to raise money for causes, they're always the same ones who you know, wind up giving and make it a donation. And the rest of the people are totally indifferent. All they want to do is take this is not a community of givers. It's a community of takers. And it's always been that way. And since I've been here and I'm sure along me for. Well, the what your listeners are primarily male. And you know, it makes them uncomfortable. Most straight man are very uncomfortable. They just rather, I mean, I think they think it's amusing that you're gay and proud of being gay. But they kind of like overweight it. I like him, but. Oh, no, I don't think it's, I think it's the whole audience that, you know, wants to avoid it like the play. It's like as long as you don't say it like with the late Paul in, I mean, everybody in the world who he was gay and everybody thought he was really hysterically funny, but as long as he never said it, which he didn't, then it was okay. But if he ever would have said in the center of square and said, hey, guess what, I'm coming out of the closet today, there would have been millions of people having coronaries all over the country. Is it wrong with that? That's the void. The only way they can cope with it if it's part of a freak show like on Haraldo or Sally or one of those shows. And they've got, you know, cross dressers and they've got, SNM people dressed up with whips and chains and leather boots and all that. If it's part of a freak show, then they say, oh, isn't that interesting? Isn't that amusing? Isn't that, you know, feeling the blank, you know? But if it's an everyday thing and it's live with it, this is how I am. No, it's so good. Well, gay people have taken enough abuse in this incredibly juvenile, homophobic society for long enough. And it's about time that somebody stood up and said, hey, this is what I am. This is how I was born. There's nothing evil about it. There's nothing sinister about it. And I'm not going to sit and cower and be ashamed of it. And that's what I've done for 12 years. And I'm not going to change now. I'm not going to go cower back into the closet to suit some homophobic, coral gables or some Mike Thompson on WNWS or Ellis Rubin or Rick Siderman or any of the Steve's other pals. I'm not going to do it. Just ain't going to happen. I'm going to go out. I mean, that's one of the things that I want to say. I first noticed. I was like, God, he's not hiding it. You're damn right. I'm not. I never even knew you existed until you came on the FM. I'm 20 years old, the AM band. I did not exist on my radio. So I mean, and I tell people about you people from out of, you know, out of our area. And they're like, God, and it's just a fact. And I'm like, yes, it's just a fact. And it's great because I mean, somebody needs to start. If you're the one who started it, you're going to take the most black. Yeah, I don't see anybody else jumping on the bandwagon. But that's, you know, that's up to them. That's their privilege. There's a lot of cowards in the, you know, all over this country. And an awful lot of them happen to be gay. But that's up to them. And of course it would be easy for them to say, well, look at all the persecution you're getting now. We don't want that. Well, that's fine. If that's the kind of cowardly existence they want to live, that's up to them. Yeah. If you mentioned women, as often as you mentioned men, straight men would think you were great. And we think that you were good. Well, I don't know what you mean, straight men. We've got, we're number one in men. Yeah, I know. We've got an age here in men in midday. There isn't anybody even close to us in men. And I assure you that the overwhelming majority of the men who listen to this program are straight as an arrow. Yeah, what I'm saying is that if you mentioned women, the way you mentioned men, you know, people wouldn't think it was just like, or you're flirting. So what? So this is what you're saying. Well, flirting, it comes off. It goes on all the time. I hear it on shows all the time. And I hear disjockeys on the FM stations, trolling for dates all the time. And I know damn well what goes on in those stations. And all these young things calling off the air. And I've seen it happen right in radio stations. I've seen guys with women in the studio. I've seen guys with other guys in the building. Uh, but nobody seems concerned about that. Now, this is a very specific witch hunt against a very specific individual. And it's, you know, nobody's fooling anybody. Yeah, it really, it really does drop his knee. I mean, I think nobody is fooling anybody. That includes some of the people who are in on it right from the beginning. You're helping to prop it up and perpetuate it and add fuel to the fire. I remember one line, which I will never forget is long as I live. And I'm not trying to create a problem with Steve. Because he and I've got a long relatively well in the four months we've been here. But I'll never forget as long as I live a line. The day that he had this individual, a attorney from the Gables on the year and gave him virtually an entire show to spew his homophobic propaganda against me. And they were discussing this alleged trolling for boys on the year. Okay? And Steve's comment was, oh, yes, I know, Neil. When other people say these things they're kidding, but when Neil says it, he means it. Okay? And I'll never ever forget that line as long as I live. Because I would challenge Mr. Kane to come into this studio. And tell the audience, and I'd be more than willing to open it up to anything he wants to say. I'd like to challenge him to give any specific example of any individual I've ever trolled for on the year or off the year. Because quite frankly, he knows nothing about my personal life. I've had maybe two encounters with him in restaurants, chance meetings over the last four or five years, since I worked at WI and Zian Zeta. And other than gossip and a lot of, you know, rumor-mongering, he hasn't got any idea what goes on in my life. Okay? And spite of what he thinks he may know. Yet that's the story. But does it just that I'm actually on your trolling for boys? I mean, you know, and to suggest that it's true and when Neil says that he means it, I just can't imagine that anybody with a conscience would make such a statement. So again, it comes back to knowing the difference between professionally attacking somebody and taking shots that can be fun and whatever it is. And getting personal and really try to do damage to a person's life or their reputation. That's the difference. But some people in this business who have never learned the difference. That's why people love for you to make your comments about, you know, Alice and that's the factional and they love for you to rip. And that's fine and they'll call in and comment on it. But when it's pion, it's such a personal level and makes them very uncomfortable. Yeah, well that's their problem. One thing I've never done is let other people's problems become mine. And that's the only thing that keeps me going. Okay. Okay. Thanks for your call. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. And that's my story of WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Now this call from London is that the, oh, do you remember the guy that called before London? Yeah. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Hi, Neil. This is Mercy from Kendall and London. Isn't that great? How are you? Terrific. How's good? Terrific. Oh, good. I'm glad. I'm just going to say hello until let you know that the Queen's and her regards. She's got a lot of royalty in this town too. I know. I know, especially in Holland, they're all right. Yeah, you bet. I just want to say hello. We have a few aging queens in Holland. They're leaving as we speak. I know, but you said number one. My favorite one. Listen, I wanted to say hello to my dish that's back. So number one. He's been a Sergio. Sergio. We love his suits, Marcia. I see. And my husband's cousin, his name is Alfonso. Okay. Do you feel me if I don't say this on the air? Anybody else, Marcie? I'm not an entire kid for anybody. Okay. Me either. Okay, listen. Have a good time over there. How long you got to be there? I'll be back Wednesday. Oh, okay. I'm sorry, so I'll give you a call a minute. I'll get back. Okay. Have a great time. I like those little beeps and boots on the other right of this phone. Can you hear him? Can you hear him? Can you hear him? Can you hear him? Yeah, I think I can. Yeah, sounds like they've been. Why? I've gotten this. How the kill was there? The temperatures about 75 today, Marcie. Oh, great. Cause he was very cold. Yeah, it'll be almost 80 by the time he gets back. I got a lot of time. Take a time, Marcie. Take a time, Marcie. I had all the better for me, especially my son Sergio. Okay, Sergio and Alfonso. Okay. Take a time, Marcie. The Bible. Okay. Wow. Finally got to hear that call out 45 in WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463. I like those little beeps and there that was good. Beep boop, wasn't that in the song we just played? Well, yes. Isn't he say beep boop kind of in the movie? My amy, hello. Meal. Yeah. How are you? Long time listener. First time caller. Well, I'll be darn. How are you? Fine. I happen to work for the County of Broward on my UHF repeater technician. I don't know if you know what that is. No. I don't know. Repeter stations. That's what we use to when you have hand like people that steal my material. Is that a repeater station? No, Neil. When you have hand health. Repeters are handheld. What? On me? Bones? I handheld phone. No, no, handheld radio. Two way radios. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. On my lead. They retransmit this decignal from a higher, you know, from a tower that we can have good coverage. Okay. Well, I'm coming at. I've served as a lot of BSO's repeater stations and their two way radio. And I hang out a lot of the police stations. You were talking about that today. And let me tell you, I kind of know a few of them. And believe it or not, they use their badge. And they use the authority behind the law to take out their feelings and prejudice. Oh, I know that. I didn't question about it. And we got some homophobes who work in advice for the Hollywood police department. And it can deny it all they want. But I have news for him. Right as we speak at this moment, there is some real interesting investigating going on. And if I can nail him for what I think was really offered, there's going to be a real mess that they better be prepared for in Hollywood. Okay. Because when people start messing with my personal life and trying to smear me, they got a real serious problem coming. Okay. Yeah, I don't blame you. Like I was saying, a lot of people say, no, no, no, everybody said the police department, they wouldn't do that. Let me tell you. Yeah, that's what they think. I mean, there's I can name you many officers that hang around up there. And what is it federal where the copa is? Yeah. And they as targets specifically gaze. Yep. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. There's people that just target up and down. Sunrise is target blacks because they, they know for sure that if they're going to search in their car, they're going to find some some controlful substance. Even though they have no probable cause, but it's it's in your hearing. Don't come back. I like from the Ed Davis school in Los Angeles. When Ed Davis was the police chief in Los Angeles, they spent more time in trapping gay males than they did chasing criminals, which perhaps is one of the reasons now in the wake of Ed Davis from years ago. And not that Los Angeles is one of the most crime written cities in the entire world. And one of the most dangerous places to live. The things that they used to do there were just legendary, unconscionable. No, it's probably a boy. And you see I'm talking at, you know, in this station, they say, well, how many fags that you nailed a day? Yeah, many. And you know, well, I arrested three of them just for throwing something out of the car window. And you know, it's just an incredible. I happen to be gay myself, but I cannot, I feel like it's a pressure upon my shoulder. I like to come out of the closet and just be myself. You understand? Yeah, but I can't. Well, don't you understand our society wants you to stay in a closet and wants to keep you well, interfere and wants to force you into clean destiny activities. And then they want to trap you into some kind of a thing that they can do to you when you use you as another statistic and say, here are those dirty, perverted homosexuals doing all these clandestine sexual things. It's like a self-fulfilling death wish that society has an America for gay people. And it's going to stop. And they're going to stop soon, but sooner or later, it's going to stop. You know, they got, you know, we got the like rules and stuff they talk about moral perpetu and different things like that. And, you know, you talk to your superiors and they say, yeah, we caught any bag here. You know, he wouldn't last here, you know, like a snowball and hell and this and that. So, you know, you feel like you're, you got to stay in a cocoon in a cage. Well, just consider the source. Okay. Just consider the kind of slime balls you're dealing with. And then, you know, consider the source. Okay, and you'll make a lot. And by the way, my friend Jackie, she's on new to sister, she's doing great. Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye. Bye. It's a 10 before noon at W. I. O. D. One of the things that Davis used to do in Los Angeles. He would send these undercover playing clothes, cops in like to adult movie theaters that were largely, uh, most of the audience would be gay males. And these go to be extremely good looking young guys. They may be 21, 22 years old, provocatively dressed with a real tight pants on and so on. And he would send them in there to the theaters and send them into the restaurants. And they would make overt sexual gestures to other guys in the restrooms and then lead them. Lure them into some kind of a sexual entrapment and then bust them. Great. And turn on all the lights in the theater and drag them out in handcuffs into the whole routine. And this is the kind of thing that goes on. They don't have better things to do. Yeah. Anyway, let me tell you about Toyota of Hollywood speaking of on New York Radio 610 W. I. O. D. 1154 W. I. O. D. Tamarack. Hello. Me, oh, ponderous show today. Really. I'm sorry that you're in such a, you know, kind of worked up mood because this was going to be a, this is going to be a light call. Um, I, uh, first one wanted to say my ex. Oh, would you like me to come in and, you know, do put on an act for his ever. No, no, no, no, no, no, I, you're, you're a real person. You're, you're three dimensional male. Take your probably more than three dimensional actually, but, um, but somebody told me that they heard the bird mentioned my name last week on the show. So I just thought I'd call him. Say hello to Pinoffman's husband's spoken to you. Oh, hello bird. What's your name? You know bird. I do. Yeah. I mentioned your name. I mentioned my name last week. I don't know who it is. I don't recognize. I do. I do. I can the same breath as you mentioned blind Mike. Overdate. I'm Cliff Mitchell. It took, it's, oh, gee, get him off of there already. Well, yeah, it's, we have two open lines in Broward five, two four. Wiley. Here's a guy used to work on traffic. But surely was a crank caller. Okay. It was a crank caller. Yeah. Yeah. And go find a life. Will you please, Cliff, don't, especially on a day like you. And he's got, he got the balls to call here and tell me it's a pondery show. I got news for you. If we had no calls, it would be preferable to talk in a him. Five, two, four. Wiley, they're going to Broward lines. The book is open two seven eight Wio. I can't believe that. That he would have the gold a call to show. I don't remember saying this. Right. Caller. I know. I don't remember. For traffic patrol. Okay. He also was a board-op at W News. Wasn't a, if my memory is correct. It was it here. I don't know. No, no, remember. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. What are the interesting things speaking of crank callers that, one of the things that I find fascinating over the years that we've been in a market is that you discover over a period of time that is an astonishing amount of the cranking that goes on in the talk shows comes from board-ops and other radio stations. Isn't that astonishing? Yeah. I don't have to go into mentioning all the names. You know, like Alan Michaels and Alan Eisenson. All of these stuff. You know, Cliff Mitchell and Nick is laughing because he knows it's true. But, you know, and thanks to our good friend, our little spy and Kendall who's now in Israel allegedly. I assume he's still there. You know, we, sort of related we found out about all of this. And it's just astonishing, you know, that these little little devils may not have got nothing better to do, which is why a lot of times they're show, the show that they're supposed to be working on the year, doesn't sound like it's together because they're too busy making crank call at the other shows. Okay. Or check in the lines, you know. Oh, you got no punlining, bro. You got no punlining, bro. You're going to kill him, Sandy. You're going to kill him. Miami, hello. Okay. I've got a question for you guys. And I last week out of the ground, they were doing, I'm done by R. D. Show's. And they had a big board behind the people that were doing a show that different pictures of people that worked in the station. Yeah. But for some reason, your picture was not up there and Steve came, picture was not up there. That's because they haven't taken our pictures yet. I mean, I don't only don't we have any business cards, they still, we don't have any pictures to give out. I'm not pictures of Dorothy McPyre and Jordan. Jordan, Robin, on other. Bill, Mullen. He's a salesperson here. That picture was up on the board there. Oh, get out of here. Are you serious? Well, Mullen's picture was on a board. But he's one of the tracks. Yeah. Yeah. Boston, he can come in and do known to two today if you liked the way I feel. He can come in right now. You got to be kidding me. Bill, Mullen's picture was up at your round. Oh, my God. And not Neil Rodgers. The Bill McQuig's picture wasn't up out there. They just, we're just not important enough so they haven't taken our pictures yet. So when we go out on these appearances, at least now we got the bumper stickers to give away, which will be something. But we don't have much. I mean, it's a big fancy board. The radio station that we are nice, maybe. Dorothy McPyre was out. I mean, Dorothy is a wonderful person there. But what the hell is she got to do with the deraille? That's what I was wondering. I don't understand. What's the deal? The picture on the... Who else was on her? Anybody we know? Oh, thank God he was out there all week. He didn't need to have his picture up. He was out there all week. And of course, I would start people up there. Yeah. That's great. You mean, even Joseph Gacky was up? Three times. Wow. Three times. Well, that makes me feel real good. Okay, pal. You made my day. Thanks for the spy report. Okay. Perfect day for that call. Oh, my God. Perfect. Still, mollants. Hmm. Oh, and attacking Boka, hello. No, no, guys. They just don't have the balls to do it. They're in Boka. Quintas and Holly. And they give all kinds of vermin in the phone to name him. And then we go put him right on the air first to head to everybody else in a hang up, like a bunch of spinalis whims. Virtually every time. Probably one of those right wing West Palm Beach, your Palm Beach County crowd. You know, one of those homophobic Palm Beach Countyons. Man, here is you talk about right wingers man. That County is nothing but rednecks and douche bags basically in Palm Beach County, which is why they got the perfect radio stations. Perfect for them. Okay, somebody dropped off and date is we're trying to set it up for that big noon to one hour. And the Palm Beach line is open. We know we got a lot of good friends up there in Palm Beach who are really very deeply concerned about me in the show. 655 WILD. 655 9463. And let's see. It's noon. That means April, or the my believe is standing by with that 12-conct WILD refreshing news. A breath of fresh air April. I will come back with our number three at 12-0-5. 2D. Anyway, it's 12-0-5 at WILD to be continued as they say. And we're back for our number three on a Monday. It is some kind of day here at the Olive Dreams Ladies and gentlemen. It is some kind of day we have an open line in Palm Beach. Did I just do that twice? I must be catching it from my area. I just said it is some kind of day and I said it again. They got some package plans. I don't get me wrong. We love Uncle Mike, but he just has this thing. He's got one of the most devious ways of killing time. See, he only does. He's on for four and a half hours, which is a long ship. But when you figure it out, he's only on really for two hours and 15 minutes because he says everything twice. He says everything twice. It's 12-0-6 at WILD. It's past 12 at WILD. Now I'm serious, you're going to find out that if you say everything twice, we could have a two-hour show. It just dawned on me. Just dawned on me. It just dawned on me. If you said it three times, what's... Now that's a pretty clever way. I've got to be honest, that Reneer is a devious guy. Yes, he is. He has figured out, I used to feel sorry for him because he starts at 5-30. Well, we were on a Z-in the morning. We used to start at about, you know, quarter to six, but five-30. Brutal. Till 10 is a long ship. Yes, it is. A Muslim morning, sister. When you say everything twice, you're only doing two hours and 15 minutes. When you say everything twice. Cutler-ray, yellow. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your good number. Well, thank you, sir. I'm worried about your recent trouble. Well, it just did not recent, sir. They're just ongoing. Yep. Thanks to the brilliance and the speed of our judicial system in our attorneys, it just continues on and on forever and ever. Well, I got an idea. I hope maybe this helps. I'm putting so much pressure on you, Yahoo, from the Coral Gables. I want to, can we apply some reverse pressure if you give a huge listening audience? I thought, you know, it's writing the SEC and the Florida Bar, might open a few eyes. Well, it's a free country. You can't anywhere. You've got the information on that in the air, could you? Well, I can get the addresses. Yeah, I mean, no problem. It's a problem. People are successful. They're really screwing around with our listeners, right? That's the point that we were making on a station. That's the point we were making on a station a couple of weeks ago. And they're already making inroads because in case you haven't noticed, and I'm sure you have that there's a serious amount of armaterials, which is already disappeared from the year. And this isn't because of any barrage of complaints by anybody in the audience. It's because of bending and cowering to one individual who thinks that he's going to decide what can be aired and what cannot. I think we need a little more backbone there from the management team. Well, we need a lot more backbone and a lot less paranoia from these attorneys up in Washington who think that the best way to do it is play it safe and don't do anything to offend anybody. And you cannot compete in a marketplace while everybody around you is doing, you know, like Channel 7 is showing what said movie they're showing tonight with all the bear brim it on real. Blame it on real and hermanemic being are doing the most outrageous stuff that you'd ever want to hear in your life. And yet we're under some kind of separate guidelines. I don't play that kind of ball game. I'm not going to do it anymore. In other words, if we're all in the same arena together and we're in the same business, then I'm going to operate by the same guidelines as everybody else does. You should listen to my last point is on the steepest pain in the end of it. When this all first came out and you were allowed to talk about a couple weeks ago, I was amazed at his weak response and how he explained. Oh, God, how he explained how he just thought it was a joke in what 90's. No, you know, there were two people who called and I haven't said anything up till now, but as you can tell, I've reached my limit. There were two people on that one afternoon who called and they had the best question of all and the question when you're referring to it. Yeah. Question was, how come when Neil was on the other station? You brought the individual on the air and you were, you know, a party to it and have it a good time with it and it was all a big joke. And now that this individual has turned against you, how come all of a sudden you're singing a different tune. And the response was, well, I all thought it was all in good fun. It was never, it was never in good fun. It was just as malicious then as it is now, if not more so. And that don't hold any water with me. You have a technology might be nice. Well, I think perhaps an explanation, okay. We're all for you. And I don't, I think they all, you ought to start playing and you bit you want. They're all funny and they're all intended and good. And I got news for you. There isn't anything that we weren't playing over on the other station and the FCC had no problem with any of the stuff that was on WI and Z. And they're not going to have any problem with it now. Okay. Because we've never ever played anything on the air that doesn't belong on a radio period. And I'll stand by that. Don't forget the address is for the portable and the FCC. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Ten past noon at WIOD. At times do you have to go through the same thing before it's determined. Well, it's always been okay up till now. There's no reason why there should be a problem with it now. But man, if you could sit in there with these with these Washington attorneys who play at real close to the vest and OG, whatever you do, don't do that. And don't do that. You know what kind of crap is that? How much are you willing to sacrifice before you say enough is enough already? Go do your own show. Boy, you look like you're in just deep. Deep thought. Uh, no, not deep thought. It's just, um, looks like your brains are starting to explode through your forehead. It's, uh, very serious stuff. It is very serious stuff. And you know, hey, we're sitting here with a pile of numbers and that's great. But, um, what does it mean? What in the world does it mean? We had all those numbers at Zeta. Yeah. And by the last three or four months there, we were ready to blow our brains out. We couldn't do anything. And I'm not going to relive that same episode all over again. That's one of the reasons I left. That was the main reason I left. Yeah. It's because it became unbearable. Now the numbers were great and they had all kinds of business on the year. But you still have to be able to have a good time. You still have to be able to come in and do a radio show. And there isn't a, there isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell. That I'm going to go through that experience and relive it again. It's 11 past, yeah. 12 14 at WIOD. Oh my god. Now, see, this is what really gets me. Who do you think the first thing that we've got on the, um, Facts machine, what do you think it's from? Oh, no. No. Well, three, three, three, lady. Ah. Dossie. Is that incredible? What's a? Dossie, don't you understand. We don't want to hear from you. We don't want anything to do with you. Okay. Go away. Please. Good Lord. Then we get this. Then Richie and dear field rights. I know that this may sound strange, but I don't care if you are a homosexual. And it is a PSD. You care that I'm straight. That I'm straight. No, Richie. I really don't. Oh my god. I want to show you something. I'm not going to read it on the ear. I'm tempted to read it on the ear. You read it first. And you see if I should read it on the ear. Oh, good Lord. Yeah. Oh, God. No. By the way, Peter, I got your letter here that I'm reading. And good luck to you. Good Lord. Oh. And thanks for the support. I know what back. I think I should do it. I'm going to read it on the ear. You read it first. And you see if I should read it on the ear. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. I don't know what to do. I think I should do without it. I have a fact machine from Sue does that say? Yeah. What do you think? I think give it to him. That's what I would do. But what's that going to accomplish? Yeah. I always like to hear his responses. Oh, do you? The thing. Okay. Here's a plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is Neil still around? What do you want, sir? What? What do you want? I can't help that. What can we do for you? I wanted to talk to Neil and compliment him. What do you mean you want to talk to him? Is he still around? What does that mean? Well, you just come in and I've been waiting this long. And all of a sudden, I think he's the greatest person inside the Mississippi. Yeah. I have my doubts. Who do you think you're talking to, man? Oh, Neil? Yeah. He'd let me tell you something. You know, I got it. You're a talk to your producer. You're a talk to your producer. But I haven't commend you. Neil, you did the greatest thing with great words. Did anyone, I mean, complicated. Well, that's interesting that you would say that because the only other call I had about having Craig on here was some old bag in Boko accused me of being. What was the word she used? Ingraciating and that was all a phony act and I always rip Craig on it. I mean, you, uh, to believe me, do you know what that meant to that man? You did the greatest thing. And I mean, I don't know what that meant to that man. I don't think it was a great thing. I mean, I had him on here and I enjoyed it and I like him and I've always liked him and I've always liked him and I've always been well. I hope he can get out of the business and, uh, you know, get all his grief off his hands because that's what this business does to you. Oh, it's, I'm talking about what I told your producer and believe me. It's true. Believe me. Neil, I had 52 calls to that Saturday night and then I got to 57. I don't have any idea what you're talking about. I told him couldn't understand why it's fairly guessy. Rathie L was on the line. They were very upset. What do you mean you had 52 calls about what? They want nowhere Craig wants. I mean, on your show? No, on my telephone, I take care of. Okay, now you can call on the douchebag. I know I just don't know what you're talking about. I'm not attacking. You want this right out of the same water. You're talking about Craig. And they loved him and they couldn't understand how I do your work. I was doing your career at two of them. Because they, well, what do you want me to tell you, dear? I had him on the year for four hours. We had a great time. We don't know where the most gracious. And you know, I wish you were my friend because I'd like to have you for a friend. Why don't want to be your friend, okay? No, but I'm just saying, I think you're a good friend. In fact, I don't want any friends. I want to go into a cocoon somewhere. Maybe I need you once and a while to find out the puppies. But not too often. Okay, just once and a while. But have a wonderful day as Craig would say. Have a great day. Oh, God. 1218 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Miami. Hello. Yes. Yeah, one talk to me. You're speaking to him, sir. Why does everybody think they're talking to somebody else? I don't understand. I'm sorry. That's okay. Don't feel bad. I'm a little nervous. I'm never to less. I like to tell you. I like that guy. A lot of people don't give you credit for the work that you've done. But the mills house is just outstanding. You know, I'm a black man, but they're using the solid thing from the big it has anything. And this opposite is the people that the mills house is. Right. Right. Well, I don't care what color they are. There are people who need help and that's all that counts their human being. Right. And the people that are attacking you for what you stand for. They are just insecure about what they are. Evidently. Right. You know, okay. Keep on keeping on. Thank you. All right. 1219 at WIOD. Oh, open phones. The show on gun education has been canceled today. And the interesting. Here are the addresses. By the way, for the Florida bar. Why would you give me that one on the bottom? Boy, that's getting a little sinister now, isn't it? That Nick Mandy gets carried away. Florida bar. The addresses 444. Brickle Avenue. We two 11. Miami and a zip code is 33131. That's Florida bar. 444. Brickle Avenue. We two 11. Miami. 331. I'm not telling anybody what to write. But certainly a people who are thoughtful. And want to write rational letters about this abuse of the legal profession. Certainly. You should be entitled to do so and have their voices heard. And especially I'm sure that we have a turning type people in this audience. Yeah. You bet. We've been very, Thank you. Was by their absence by the way for the most part in this ongoing. Abortion. That's been going on for nearly two years. And it's ongoing abuse of your profession. That's the thing about the medical profession and the legal profession. And most of the people just want to look the other way. Oh, no. We don't know about any abuse. We don't know about that because they have their heads buried in the sand like ostriches. And the address for the FCC. They wouldn't do any good to write to the local FCC, Washington, D.C. and the zip code is 205.5.4. That's the Federal Communications Commission, Washington, D.C. 205.5.4. Okay. It's 21 past noon at W.I.O.D. Miami. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay. That's good. Hi, Glenn. Hi. Glenn. I just wanted to know. I love your laugh. Thank you. Listen. I just have a message for all those people out there who seem to be so concerned with everybody else's personal lives. Why don't they just start getting involved with something good? Why don't they waste their time maybe trying to say Amazon rain for or something, you know? Because they're negative people. They're not involved in doing anything positive because that's not their nature. They are negative people and they want negative fallout to lie in their wake anywhere they go. Uh-huh. So you want to have discovered about, you know, you can have a political argument and pros and cons. But one thing I've discovered about the right wingers. They always talk a good game. Just like Bush talks about his nebulous thousand points of light. But when it comes down to charity and when it comes down to helping people, 99% of the time it's those who are the liberals, those who are progressive thinkers, those who are the humanitarians are really care about people who put their money where their mouth are. And generally the ones on the right who got more money than God, they still got the first down they ever made. They aren't about to part with it. All right. Well, it's just, it's, it's, it's ponderous how these people, you know, they just, they just can't spend their time doing anything good, you know? I've done my part. I'm a member of the National Wildlife Federation, Autobahn, etc. And, you know, I don't concern myself with what anybody else does. You know, why can't people just follow suit and just become good positive people? Well, because we just unfortunately, it's not our nature in this country. Did you see the peace on 60 minutes last night on the apples? No, I did not. I just bring up insecticides. And on this UDMA, which is a cancer causing a chemical. One of the pesticides when you ingest the apples at the apples use, it turns into UDMA, which is cancer causing. And the incidence of cancer, I think they said, is like 40 times greater or 400 times greater than those people who don't ingest it. And a lot of kids are especially susceptible to it because they drink a lot of apple juice and a lot of apple sauce and baby food with apples and so on. And the EPA is just now getting around to thinking about trying to have the substance band, which is going to take up to five years. Great. So if anybody out there really thinks the government gives it to them about what we eat or quality of life or anything like that, that is not a concern in this country. Just not a concern because we're more concerned with foolishness. Well, this stuff should become a concern amongst people because we don't realize how much we're trashing our world and our lives. Yeah, you got it. Okay. Well, I just want you guys to know, I love you guys. I think you're great. I'm even named my two little rats after you guys. You got a lot of people can relate to that. Thank you. Boy boy. Have a good day. That's positive. 23 pass no to WIOD. Everybody who's for a borrison was at one time themselves. That's easy. 26 pass no. At WIOD those right to life was man. They're really right on top of it. Aren't they? They are right on top of what he just said. That's a client. Here's a Jimmy Musack in today. What does that mean? Yeah, we were all one time pieces. I just have a little question for you. If you know my, regarding this newest controversy and I'm speaking from the position of the media buyer. I'm working with the start term in the University of Miami. We're going to buy reniery show. But I'm getting the impression of your management is not really coming out strongly behind you on these people that are harassing you. I wouldn't say that I come out strongly behind me. It's just that we have a difference of opinion on how you deal with it. From the time that I first, before I came here, I warned them that this was all going to go down because I knew I've already had 15 months of it in the other two stations. And when it started happening here, I said you got to deal with it immediately and swiftly and strongly. And there are attorneys. It's always, eh, well, you know, just lay back. This guy's going to go away. Nothing's going to happen. And of course, here we are now. Many thousands of dollars later and just as I predicted, it's not going away. And, you know, it's going to cost them an arming five legs. But that's their problem. There, you know, again, all these people know better than you do. That's a lot of thing that first rates me about this business is that no matter how successful you've been, they still look upon you with some kind of an underling, some kind of a moron. Is if they got all the answers in there, you know, they got all these big, high-paid attorneys. I got news for you. You know, you're going to have these attorneys couldn't stick their finger in their ear, okay? Let it get there. When you play, that is correct. Well, here's my thought on the matter is that if you buy a package and you consider yourself a commodity, if you buy that package, you take the good with the bad knowing of what you're getting into it, both eyes open. And you certainly, uh, they're certainly making the money by the increase in the revenues. Oh, there's no question about that. So that's a lot of no question about that. Then, you know, my question is why, what's the problem? Why can't they just resolve this for you? And let you go on doing what you do, which is bring a little sunshine into the two hours of your time. I'll give you the honest answer, okay? Because today is my day to be perfectly honest, all right? More so than usual, all right? And that is because the FCC attorneys up there in Washington have got them tickling all over themselves and changing they're under where every five minutes, which is typical for all those FCC attorneys, by overreacting the certain things that really needn't be overreacted to. And as a result, rather than continuing to do what we know is right, we have to just cut back and do this and do that and do a little tap dance. And it's ridiculous. It's absolutely utterly ridiculous and it's unacceptable. You know, like I said, there comes a point in your life when you just say, I've been abused enough and I'm not put, I'm not going to be singled out for any kind of special treatment. Period. Well, let's, we've got a home for you down here in the case. Yeah, I've got a good. We've got a per capita moral for us probably than anybody else in the entire world, but Right. You know, I just say I haven't feeling that they can entertain as much as the young folks like me do. But this is the Jimmy music. It can't be worth it. What's today with the station you work for, Jimmy? WCPH. Oh, yeah, that's one of my favorites. Yeah, we're on the book too, as a matter of fact. I got in the book. We saw a little tiny piece down at the way. Little bleep, huh? Well, you have to be right in there with Zeta. Well, you know, we do what we can. Now, did they call it catch because you went all the fishing reports? That's probably got something to do with it. Yeah. And we are speaking still from as far as I know it's going to come fishing for Shark with us. We had a, there's an issue there. I suppose we have to take up because I think as they said about your management, if your, your co-workers and the people that profess to be, you know, let's just say an agreement in the court on most issues with you when you're popular and you're writing the press. If they're not going to stand right there at the top of the way with you when there's a little difficult to you, well, you know, kind of doesn't sit too well in the stomach of you know what I mean? I'd say to speak. Mm-hmm. So that's something else we'll have to address. But I just, I have difficulty understanding why they can't get these people off your back immediately. There's got to be legal recourse. If there's harassment is the first word to come to my mind. Well, if you had any idea how much harassment is going on, gets me against my sponsors, against my friends, against people who just, who just happen to listen to and enjoy the show who don't fall in any of those other categories. It would just, it would boggle your mind. You just couldn't even begin to believe it. And yet I'm supposed to sit here and believe that all illegal resources in the universe can't combat that. And if that's the case, then we don't live in a free country at all. We live in some kind of a fascist dictatorship, okay? And based on this latest episode in Hollywood, I'm beginning to believe more and more all the time that we really do. And I'm living a fascist state. If I were the buck, you know, is what I've always considered to be all mighty, even though it's, it's, it's not exactly doesn't suit well with me, but it always has been in the past. And you generate that, you generate capital and he comes, and you keep people jobs going, and it would seem to me that it's as a valued asset that they would protect your piece of mind so you can keep producing what you are producing. Well, we'll see what happens. Okay, well, you support that. You know what they say to me, what goes around. Come around. Have a good day. 1232 at WIO day 20. Welcome to the world. What do you want to do? Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, some of those cards are a little muddy there, Nick 1238 221 at WIO, D. Boker, hello. Boy, these, well, that cool command. Edeline is the, that's my favorite of all hottest line. We got that one on hold, so we don't get any more calls. Both, my amy, hello. My favorite could have an afterweight that you drew it. Well, isn't that good? A little bonus there for you, sir. Neil and Glenn, hello. All right. Got, Neil, I haven't talked to you since you changed your format from issues of this type of thing, but I listened to the hell out of you. Let me, uh, give you more on an address you gave a minute ago. Okay. The FCC, the total address, and you, I think people need to have that is the, you write the FCC, mass media bureau. 19. 19. Right, well, item, let me write this down. Well, where are you getting this? I, I looked it up because I wrote, I, I'd be to do it. I wrote a few days ago, but keep, right, let me give you this address. FCC. Mass media bureau. Right. 19. 19. M has mother. M street. M has in mother. I couldn't resist that M street, not west. And the zip code you gave before is correct. Washington, DC. 205.5.4. Well, that's incredible. Okay. So, you see mass media bureau. 19. 19. M has in mother street, northwest. Washington, DC. 205. 4. That's a mouthful. And let me say this. Uh, people that are against the show if you want to say it that way. They're going to write. Why don't you hear? No, but what I'm saying is this. Those people that feel like me. I don't call this is the first call. You want to try to blew me off the air, but doesn't matter. The thing is that, uh, if they find this type of show entertaining, you know, I'd like to read a book right now, but obviously I'm not. And if they find this thing entertaining, remember that there are those people that will take away our entertainment. And there's nothing wrong with this type of entertainment. So, as far as I'm concerned, you know, if you gave them a format for a letter, it's a mistake. People out there, you've got to write. And let me tell you something else. I'm glad the thing sort of came to a head because I was pissed. I mean, I call, I will have no to jik. I called him up handsy for being afraid to discuss with you guys what was going on. No, no wait a minute. He wasn't afraid. Let's be fair. I wasn't afraid to discuss what was going on. He was just putting a position where we didn't, we couldn't at that time let him discuss what's going on. He's been very cooperative. In fact, he signed an affid David in regard to all of this stuff that's been going on because he was hassled for a solid week himself. And when he's on here tomorrow, you can go to the bank that he'll be more than willing to discuss it. So don't take it out on jikka. The guy was wrong. No, no, I wrote him a note and I found out I was wrong. He's not only that. He told me, I guess I can say that. Or is it to my any news even put constraints on that is correct. So interesting to my news was when it was in existence owned by Cox. I just want to remind you that. Yeah, one last thing in our goat. Yeah. You have any idea what time will be on. I'm home today. I'd love to take jikka tomorrow. You'll be on a whole show. Four hours. Yeah, he always is. By some more radios with timers. Neil, take care. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, 1241 at Wild. We have an open line in date and in Broward 751-9463M. We have a five, two, four. Wild. And Broward. And boeton Beach on the Palm Beach line. Hello. Hello. Got a suggestion for you on how to protect your first amendment rights. It's barred from a cartoon that appeared in our wonderful local fish wrapper. Your tiniest rename your show. Neil Rogers show and its effect on Islam. Yeah. That'll do it. And you'll have all the first amendment rights you want. Yeah. Yeah, and you. I told her probably come over and listen person. got it down a hill had an entire show this morning of people protesting the fact that nobody's protesting the death threats to Solomon Rishie. No wait a minute wait a minute. I'm going to say again the same thing I don't want to get into that because we don't get into heavy topic from the show. But the fact is that in this country the right wingers have been burning books and have been burning phonograph records and CDs and even courage kids to get out there and have these these mass book and record burnings for the last eight years this has been going on. Nobody gives a damn about it okay but all of a sudden you know why should it surprise anybody coming from the eye at all of the guys mad as they had her anyway why should that surprise anybody you know if if if somebody steal something over there and this is none just the eye told even with a show was there they cut off their hand that's Islamic justice that's the kind of barbarians they are. So why should it surprise anybody but the fact is that it goes on in this country and people are being suppressed and repressed all the time and nobody gives a good goddamn about that. Well you might be surprised that the size of the audience that you have how much of it's conservative if my mother and I listen all the time and we're very good. Well let me say this to you the two conservative allegedly should be more against repression of speech than anybody else that's not a that's not no problem. No I'm not talking about you I'm just talking about conservatives in general. Yes. Well it just surprises me because the conservative wants government out of the individuals life they want less government. Right. So I'm good to me. Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 1243 a WIOD we have an open line in Broward 54524 it would help I guess if we gave the right number. What's price and different numbers okay that might be more effective. 524 WIOD and Palm Beach no matter what number we give at the Garnish to help another matters up there. 655 WIOD 655 9463 or that Palm Beach County is something I think. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Yeah. This is a lawyer that got cut off two hours ago. I'm sorry about that but somebody a cut in cut your water off there. That's quite a no big deal. I wanted to emphasize what I thought was the most important point. And what I really wanted to tell you was that the system is designed to protect the innocent and unfortunately protects a lot of guilty or a lot of individual officials are trying to grow up to not to get the kind of protection he wants to deny you. And I want to just emphasize I want you to hang in there. The system does work. It will protect you. You have a lot of good people out here. There are a lot of conservative people like myself and like the lady who just got off the phone with you. Well very conservative so aesthetically. But who believe is that Ter said that we may not agree with what you say. But we'll defend to the death you're right to say it. Well it sounds good and practice my friend and I know your intentions are good but I don't see a line forming anywhere to do any of that. Especially amongst you are among the legal profession. Most of the lawyers in South Florida are too busy raping the public out there and looking to make a fast buck is opposed to helping to defend the first amendment. I have had a not including norm can because norm is a terrific attorney and thank goodness you know I'm involved with him now. With the prior denorm can I have been involved with it no less than a half a dozen different attorneys and I would suggest to you that there is a single one of them that has got any clue of what the first amendment is really all about. Okay or how to defend it. Well allow me to just suggest to you that the law business is indeed a business like many other businesses and justice talk radio is a business to a degree you have a product. You have got some very good people like yourself who are in the market and you have some people who are not so good that are in the market. Let me just suggest to you not not to generalize it. If you have some unfortunate experiences and are presently going through and unfortunate experience I can say there is a lot of really good damn hard working people out there. I'd like to know where they are. I'd love to know where they are. Welcome on up to Pondies. Because let me tell you when I work for Guy Gannard then I'm not going to mention the attorneys name but they had one of their attorneys who supposedly one of the premier first amendment attorneys in South Florida and this gentleman helped to engineer an agreement to the likes of which you've never seen in your life which we were coerced into being party to and you know if this is this is his idea of what the first amendment is all about giving private individuals the right to censor whatever material is set on the year then God help us. I mean I never heard of such a thing in my life and this was part of the machinations of one of our supposedly great first amendment attorneys in his town. Well let me tell you something just because they say that's the way to that does not mean that is the way to go. You have when you're talking about the first amendment incredibly wide broad rights and I think most of us who do this kind of work and I do a monochrome myself. Most of us who do this kind of work really think the position that you're right or unless you're the kind of guy that's going to stand up in a theater and you all fire obviously some kind of speech like that is not protected. But you're pretty much protected and almost anything you say. You know a few years ago but we're not able to get on your radio show like I am now called your friend and co-alguable the douchebag and I do think he is. But you're better govern yourself accordingly sir because God only knows this call maybe a trace and you'll be getting a call. Any minute now. That's okay that is fine I really do not care because as far as I'm concerned what I just said is protected because that is my opinion just like anything you say on the radio is protected because that's your opinion. You know you don't have to agree with what someone says in order to see all that they've got to write to say that and you don't have to when you want to listen to someone on the radio or when someone is on the radio you don't have to evaluate their lifestyle or how they live or what they do or what they think in order to decide whether or not they deserve to be on the radio. I think that's kind of a Hitler did. I think although I don't think he had to talk radio and Nazi Germany. Well he had Joseph Gerbel sir in fact. There was a piece on the Arts and Entertainment Network last night refodowing mine comp about Joseph Gerbel's and I think that it couldn't possibly be more timely okay sir if you understand my drift. I do understand you. Okay I got to run have a great day and I appreciate the call. Thank you bye. 1248 at WildD we have an open line in day. I'm a call you don't could be all. All right oh my oh my say fox. Yeah that's right. It's right. It's right. It's right. We don't have any 18 to 49 so I'm sorry. That's anywhere. I look for you I tried. I call because the reason I say maybe the last call is this call I got to be no stroke. I'm I call to tell you something is a bigger matter of yours. Well I was listening to you and Bert and Zeta and I heard this kind of rhetoric starting I first had thought because I'm in the business that was coming some kind of stick. Yeah and no stick son. Yeah I know that now because of the past history. I call to tell you something local meal. Straight from the gut to the way you produce radio for us listeners. There's only one way it's starting to appear to me. So you've got to be on the radio here in this market for at least another year or less. And that is the number one own your own station. I know you don't like that idea I don't either sounds like a big pain. The ass number one own your own station number two have a great sales department who can make enough money off your numbers to provide enough lawyers like wax the ass for seven years out of license to keep you on the air. That's the bottom line. I call to tell you that you know I'm being honest. You know I got some money. I didn't have to you know what can I say. Well we'll be looking forward at the door Sonny just to brown paper baggle do. Okay. Okay thank you. Take a serious look. Okay boy. Boy. Okay well listen we're at the end of another traumatic hour we have an open line in Broward 520-17Wild is we take you up at Ho Chi Minh Trail this time. Oh I can be started on him okay. Oh I'll bring a line that I'm in today. Don't get me started on Mr. Mr. Witz. No. Hey dear this is Tabby Tech. Oh man let's go out and shoot a few of those jungle buddies. Oh yeah that's what America's all about. Here's a pay phone and Broward hello. Hey Neville what's up. What's happening? I kind of know it's a fun time in a long long time. I'm interested about 10 or 12 years ago you see a cadet with Hollywood. Please watch. Yeah. Do one of those things that I'm pretty happy with. Have a critical error with them. They would go about you know, you know, rest in people movies and so forth and doing the right things. And yet you know if it's inside the whole inside the place for a certain place I'll choose would have certain, kind of make a women or some elsewhere and so forth and other magazines. You know I was like you know. I'll see that's because they're a bunch of virulent wonderful all-American red blood guys in Hollywood police force and they just don't like those homo sexual don't understand. Yeah. Yeah. But they're they're obviously trolling for young boys in those establishments. Even though there's nobody under the age of 18 allowed in those establishments, but they're trolling for young boys. I'm curious how that goes on you know. Maybe they find them like lying under the seats or out in the backyard or in the alley somewhere. Yeah. I don't understand that. Yeah. By the problem in this country is that we've got a bunch of people. We've got a bunch of fascist pigs who can't leave other people alone. It would just seize upon opportunities to destroy other people's lives and if they really think that I'm going to let them do it to me, they're living in a dream world if I have to become a monkey. If I have to go get the operation okay and become newter, you know, at least that I can go on all the different talk shows I can probably make a good living now. I can make this circuit. I can be on current affair even. Yeah. Hey, listen. I want to I want to find the doll and I'm going to let that stay on the foot and the right one. They sure are really excellent. Those people are so nice there too. Okay. See on what's the same burn. Yeah. Boons are super guy. Yeah. How can I give them our time? You know, really to this meal. Another thing on my wife works at the Army, Army Airport. And I'm too surprised. How many Army 7080 year old ex-dorman coming up from South America and Columbia and Perigoy and so forth. I guess it's good not these. You'll have to sit after the war or something. Did you miss the time this guy did you get it? She surprised at how many what 7080 year old what? Well, 7080 old German men living in South America come up here for vacation. Oh, I see. I see what you're saying. Yeah. So you know, I don't know. From the eight off iceman school, but he'll find travel bureau. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think the good not these like, I'm one of the body, um, you know, all the other one. Yeah. Well, we have our class Barbie doll right here in the studio will be selling them special sale tomorrow. Have a great day. 130 a WIO D. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 524 WIO D Miami. Hello. Oh, new high. Great terrific. Yeah. I was glad to hear about that lady's dream about you beating Cuba. Wasn't that exciting? I can believe it. Bring me back some of the van as next time you go. I was standing on a street courty yelling to hell with Bidale. So hell with Bidale. I wanted to ask you something about data for yes. When you mentioned that they look at the numbers and they're satisfied. Are you making a joke or they actually feel like that? Hey, I got news for it. If anybody, you know, they say one thing, but if anybody in the world can be satisfied with 100,000 watt class E FM station with that signal in a market like this doing one shares all throughout the day, including now in morning drive, I will guarantee you that we are billing. And I'm, you know, it's nobody's business. What the numbers are. But we are billing for this radio station at WIOD just from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. in this time slot. We're billing more money than they do all year on Zeta. Okay. And a whole radio station. I would go to the bank on that. If I was on the book for management or something, and I knew that they thought like that, I would be furious. I would clean house. Well, what does that tell you about the kind of company it is over there? Why do you think we got to hell out of there? I don't know why it took me four and a half years to do it. But, you know, we finally cut the embiblical court with Guy Gandon. I mean, they're just impossible. Well, you just keep up the good work and, you know, keep fighting. Okay. See you later. You know, and, and, and those people are there. Think that I enjoy this, that we enjoy having to be in a constant battle. You people are nuts. I mean, I remember those days in the early days of Zeta. And especially in the first few months in I&Z there in the daytime, we were having a great time. Oh, yeah. You'd look forward to coming to work in a morning, man. It was just, it was the greatest things in sliced bread. We were having a great time. The audience was into it. We didn't have to, you know, give the numbers out 8 million times in pump for phone calls, phones and ring off the hook. We just, we just had a real great time going. I don't think the I&Z thing will ever be recaptured again. The thing we had in the daytime, they're the first few months. Simply because nobody's got the balls to let people go on a year and do some funny stuff. Some are very, very seven. Oh, yeah. It was incredible until this witch on started in the late summer of 87. That's right about September. And up until at 10, we were having a great time. And nobody was being harassed and nobody was being molested. And nobody was being recruited. And nobody was being solicited. We were just having a good time entertaining the audience. And now for the last 19 months, I mean, it's on and off. Fuck about. Look at that. FB and I'll just had an nervous play. I met every line lid on the board. Now FB and I'll just tick up and everything. Well, look at that computer. Look at, can you see the computer? Take a look at that. Oh, like that. You know, I really can't just all go back to those comments about the West Minister dog. Yeah, I really think that's what they're doing right back. We just laid off, you know, it was nothing about, you know, Sam Jankovic and you a van and Jimmy Johnson. And it was one thing about Alphode dog food. And I was one thing about Greg Budel and Donald and all that. But I got news for a man when we laid into that West Minister dog show. That's going a little too goddamn far. Okay, you finally did. Yeah. I had to go in over the edge. I knew sooner or later you'd go too far. And that was a no question. Shame on us. Anyway, good afternoon to you. 233 at WIOD and I want to tell you about the pizza law. Hey, listen, now you can even facts them your order for lunch at this number 266-0251. Is that it? And if you haven't tried the pizza law yet, in fact, aren't they bringing in food on Wednesday? That's what we understand. And it is the home of the world's best pizza. And now they have an incredible service. Just facts in the order. It'll be ready for you when you come in. So enjoy it either in the comfortable dining room or take it home and enjoy it there or sit out in the middle of Flaglist street and whatever you like. Okay, or they'll deliver you. Just a joke, Joey. It's just a little joke. Man, look at this. This is a mess. Mal is copy is just poured out of the book now. I mean, I realize that was major urgency to get that because I type so many messages on this brain. Well, boy, this is just a mess. God is punishing you. Yeah, evidently, God's punishing me for my gay, where a wayward ways. It's a Westminster. Okay, let's get some calls on here while I put the copy book back together. You don't want to take it all about four o'clock. Miami, hello. Hey, hey, do a nail. Hey, terrific, pal. All right, hey, put it on. How are you? I'm down here and put this goddamn place back together for a second. I'm doing it. I don't think I can do it. What I'm mess. God. Well, listen, congratulations on your run your readings and stuff. April still trying to stop a Bob Super weather cart from last Wednesday. That's how bad things are in this joint. Mostly, you saw the bomb shut up. All right, you okay? Well, what you know, what it's time to start talking. Oh, that bomb. We got the only car machine in America that just runs by itself. You know, when it remember, we used to have that one at Zeta once in a while. Oh, it's a big off. But it's tough. Yeah. Just by itself, we'll just take off and go nuts. Yeah. You're an engineer with one from Zeta and came over to I do with you. Now that you mentioned it. Now I'll explain a lot of things. Not to mention any names. Yeah. Listen, I think, you know, when all the started with the weird 20 friend down here, you know, I was just sort of aggravated person and I pissed off an allegious. Just what's going on, you know, is this how one's going to end Neil? It's going to end when the powers that be at this company or the company somewhere decides that they can go into a court before a judge who's willing to stay awake long enough to hear the facts. And somebody grants an injunction and says to this individual, you're going to have to find a new hobby that what you are doing is not legal. It is harassment and it is just unacceptable. And it's also going to stop when a Florida bar says you're not going to be allowed to continue doing this under the guys of practicing law. You know, men, you're just going, you can't control something. No, I don't feel sorry for him at all, sir, because I have never in my life encountered anyone. Anyone, I mean, I've encountered some pretty bizarre people, but I've never encountered anyone who was so written with hatred and homophobia that he was willing to devote virtually every waking minute of every day for nearly two years to the destruction of another human being. And that's what this is all about. And I don't care what the individual tries to couch you to is or to claim this is all about. Nothing could be further from the truth. Plain and simple, that's exactly what this campaign is about. It is a homophobic witch hunt. I'll give you a classic example. You'll laugh when you hear this. The weekly news, which is the local gain newspaper. And again, this makes it obviously a legitimate news stories. They wrote two news stories about this a few days ago. A couple of weeks ago, which I mentioned on the year, well, needless to say our attorney friend, March died out of the weekly news headquarters and picked up five copies. I don't know why I needed five. But five copies of the newspaper, so we could read for himself in this horrendous game agazin. And, you know, of course, the article talks about it being a homophobic campaign, which is what I described it to them as. The other day, and we get a copy of it so naturally, since a copy is available to me, I'm free to talk about it. In which our attorney friend says, oh, I'm not homophobic at all. But did you see that wonderful publication that this is a letter to Tadfoot at the University of Miami? Did you see that publication the weekly news? You know, and the first sentence he goes on that he's not homophobic, and then he goes into a attack that weekly news because it's a homosexual paper and all of these ads. And disgusting this and disgusting that, et cetera, et cetera. And I mean, you know, anybody's trying to mask this is something else. He must think that we're simpletons. I'm a little bit. Yeah. And then we got Mr. Siderman coming on the air here. Another great homophobic using me of being a bigot. Boy, that's the podcast we kettle pink if I ever heard it. You got to do. Okay. I'm having the course more of it here. One other thing, how did the motivation station do in the ratings? Hey, you know, it's funny you should mention that because I don't recall mentioning them. That's a good question. Take a look here. Let's see if we can find those famous pages now. Six A.M. The midnight. You may not have gone that part down on the list. How much were they going to go? They'd be a well, could go, you know. Wait a minute. I'm looking now. Wait a minute. But I mean, I'm going to lower that. Six A.M. The midnight just a second here. Geez, where's those 12 plus numbers? They keep disappearing. Boy, this is such a mess that it just, I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated and mortified. Mortified. Hmm. I can't find it. How about men? Would that do eight? Well, no, this is, this is person's 18 plus. Well, I'm sure they don't have any teenagers. So this would do. Yeah. Person's 18 plus W O C N W R M F A 0.6 W R H C A 0.8. They, they didn't make the cut. I'm not, I'm not joking. They're not, they're not on here. They're going to get those coming over. Yeah, we're looking forward to not joking. They're not, they didn't make the cut. W M B N at a 0.9 R H C A 0.8 R M F A 0.6, which isn't even in a market in W O C N A M 0.5. They didn't make the list. I'm going to, yeah. I'll find some category where they showed up. Hey, listen, Neil, you've got the new cans on the Z to morning, so? No. You know how to keep even the no trade thing. They had another person. If we don't have four power, Brad and then cotton, Dave and then the Colonel. Now, have Rose Paul, if he's mean to idiot. Yeah, there you go. Thank you, Bob. How about Neil, please? A lot. That's why you didn't mention them because they're not on the list. Let me look. We can. Is there somewhere where they showed up here? It's W M B M of the point A W K T. No. What is it? W W H N O? No. It's W W N W N W N N. W N N W N N. W W N W W. If you know, it's W N N. That's right. It's not on here. When I'm telling you, it's not on here anywhere. How about seven a midnight? All I doubt that. I don't even know how they on it night. I don't know. It could be just a daytime or I don't have any idea. Never heard it. My W R M F has a point forward. No, they didn't. They under a point four. Good. Heavens. Here's Monday. Here's 12 plus. This is the total week. Okay. Six A M to midnight. Here's, let's start with Zeta. That's pretty low. 16 C M Q A M 105. 50 L 12. Radio Suave, 11. W M B M of point nine. That's it. There's another page. You're missing somewhere. Stay toned, pal. It could be on that missing page. What until we find the rest of the story. Okay. We're looking for it. Here's a mobile disappeared. Pompano. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Are you doing? Okay. Can you back me a pizza? Yeah. We sure will. Right away. I like the way it is. It's low calorie on that. I've got a fixed machine. I want to see a pizza come out of it. I love that commercial. That would be delicious. What? That's great. God is giving it about the apple. Wouldn't that be something by the way? I got home and no wait a minute. Before you go on. Sir. Well, wait this customer. I've got two different types of baby food. You're not bad. Badling about apple. Oh, yeah. No, it is true. If anybody wants to see me. First person. Talk to a new anything about it. Well, that's because they're too stupid to watch 60 minutes. Okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. There's a lot of junk. I love what you guys are doing. It's great. The right beer arms I found out on Cartoon Saturday with my child. That means you can wear square-sleeve shirts. I guess freedom of speech is that you can talk as long as you're ready down first. Hello, come in. Yeah. I'm just reading something here that I find astonishing. Okay. Incredible. What's that? I can't. I can't. It's involved with the Hollywood police again. Okay. I'm reading some material here, which I'm not going to discuss yet on the year until I've discussed it with my attorney, but it's just incredible. Okay. Well, I had to do what. As far as your attorney's go, you're going to be starting your new radius of soon by yourself. You're going to start your own show. I know that in your own radius station. I'd love to be your... Why only radio station? What are you talking about? Have you got sunny fox disease? No. As all these people are after you and it's like the right to bear arms. You know, they're getting on you because you're not allowed to talk. And I think you've got the money and the talent to start your own. You should. I think there's about 600,000 people out there right now. Listening to the degree with me and once you just start your own show. On what? Are you buying the radio station? What do you mean? I'd like on my microwave oven or my pop-up toast room. I'm going to start my own show from the house? No. We can just do a little tiny, crystal radio. Okay. Okay. I can go on welfare. I will talk a little bit more about the commilharos cause I'm going to be their next customer. You're a great day, pound. You're in a dream world. 147 at WIOD. And if sunny is still listening and I'm sure he is sunny, don't go by on one of those 10-Watt radio stations. Please just don't do it. Hmm. You're not going to believe this. But spike wise, just brought us in the top 37. This is 12-plus in the latest trend in the arbitron ratings. W-E-A-T-A-M at a point two. W-J-N-O, that's the lead follower factor, head of 0.3. That's about what lead. We always did a three point. Three points. I'm going to go this time to point in front of the three. W-Y-F-X, the big fox, head of 0.4. Yeah. W-E-F-M. I didn't even know they had an F-F. As a point four, K-A-T-0.4. Q-A-M, a point five. This is the whole week. Monday through Sunday, 6am to midnight. Q-A-M is a point five. That's about as close to being off the year as you can. At O-C-N at a point five. Okay. W-W-N, or W-N-N, or W-D-M-O-V-X station, didn't motivate anybody. They didn't make the cut. They're not on here. It is, and this even includes a bunch of stations like in Palm Beach County. Yeah. That beat them out. Okay. And the motivation station. And you remember the Neo Roger's factory that was going to get them all that big audience in the midday? When they went on the air, do you remember that? Sure. General Wetters, you're saying, well, all those people that don't want to hear Neo Roger's and that filthy stuff and being called douchebags, they're going to come over to us. Well, boy, I guess they're there. And by the way, if he's listening, they're the General Manager that's safe. We have a few others that we'd like to ship over to, but they just insist on sticking around here. Here's the Duke in a mobile. Hello there. I know I found a little apple flesh to glass. I might smoke you and Maui Hawaii last week. Yeah, just a little bit. Well, you know how it is in Maui. You get a little high from being there. And then having just climbed down 10,000 feet of a mountain. It's incredible. Watching the sunrise. Yeah. Well, how you guys doing? Ha ha ha. Are you sure making up for last week, boy? You have no material at all today. Well, I'm just called to say hello, no material here. You guys got all the material. That brick ball commercial sure sounds like a fix. I mean, that doesn't sound real. It's real. I know it is. Trust me. I have some of our fine sponsors and leave Malone. I've been bowling the apple quite a long time. I haven't seen the birds flying around though. Good. Do you want to say hello to a tall taker? No. No, never mind. I don't like the tall takers. Okay. They make me nauseous. I know. I've had you mentioned. And I'm going home on Friday. And the tall takers at the sunrise exit of the Florida Turnpike, on a hang their heads in shame. They had two boats only open. There was an up traffic to kill a horse. They only had two boats open right next to each other. So all the traffic was converging and mixing in. And there were like three boats where there were just people hanging out and standing around. And there's one this one woman. And I don't even know whether to call her to woman because I don't think she's got enough intelligence to classify as a human being. Every transaction was like when you remember when Jefferson was in business. Oh yeah. And every transaction used to take a half an hour and that's one of the reasons they went out of business. Well, that's how it was at the toll booth. Okay. I think the toll booths people down here. The assault that runs has learned at a run from the Canadian. Yeah. Well, no, they have to take a test first. They have to have an IQ of minus three. Well, it's like they have to take a discount rate on what money you're giving them to make sure that they're giving you the correct amount of change. Yeah. Well, anyway, I just want to say a lot of you guys. I mean, you know, it doesn't have to have material every call. Okay. You don't have to. Well, you sure approved that with this. Have a great day. Have a good one. Bye. The Duke. WXRKGR manages your Tom Chusano. So the station is not filed any charges yet. And connection with the yesterday's on the air fracus between morning, bad boy Howard Stern and Elaine Boosler's publicist manager, but we're keeping our options open. He said, Hmm. Stern as is his wants shook things up in Hollywood Tuesday afternoon, while taping his morning, K-rock show at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in conjunction with the Grammy Awards. The fracus began when Stern tried to get the attention of committee and Boosler over here. Over here, Comerance sit down with a stern cried out with a committee and through a bullhorn and never for to lure her to the K-rock booth and microphones. Boosler's publicist manager Steve Gerbson didn't seem to enjoy Stern's bellowing and told Stern he wasn't funny. He, Gerbson, then slugs Stern with a bullhorn said Chusano, Gary Dell, a botte, Stern's producer, boy Gary, try to separate them and was doused with a glass of soda. Hmm. Fortunately, nobody was seriously hurt to show continued taping for airing yesterday morning in New York. Stern often takes a show on the road. He was in London. He was forced to relocate a show after being ousted by a club when the owner's complaint he was making too much of a ruckus. That Howard. Yeah. On. Believeable. And then he laid inside of the story as unlysmits column here. This must be the Daily News, or the Daily of the New York Post.