Mine is the kind thing to do if you have a guilty conscience bring them cigarettes when you come to visit them one weekend And then again, I could be wrong. They call me Mel 10 39 21 to 11 at Wild we got a call in Miami. Hello Okay, how you doing? How you doing? What's up babe? I knew the answer. What's up? Dude. Hey, I just got a couple of things number one I met in the office. Can you hear me? Someone walks in, you know, it's just gonna sound a little funny, but I'll tell them you're important call. Okay. If that dog will take 20,000 okay? Right, I haven't here by a week from a circus. That dog years gets any bigger. You're gonna have to use something besides a match stick to Yeah, yeah, like maybe your foot Hey, look um, I've got I tried to get a whole week last week before the grand prix I couldn't get in on Friday There people go nuts. Why do I have the feeling that this is gonna be a call? I'm gonna regret concluding is there any special reason for that? No, I'm halfway whispering because of uh, I'm sitting here in a cubicle Little bit burger king, corporate high quarters and uh And they they monitor the phone bills, too. It gets you know the number you call him Helping that you're on it. This is about 50 Look, I've got a Sort of flammable, believe me go answer. I got a memo here that I need to back to you It wouldn't do it any good. It's on portical. How to treat some guy needs something. It's on what portical? Where to call had a treat a guy named portical. Yeah, protocol Protocol protocol protocol You know a burger king now. You say cubicle you mean like uh, where they put bunny like in solitary Something very similar to that. So what you're talking about? Yeah, they're patting I didn't realize they'd have phones for those places. Yeah patted everything Look uh, you don't we're bought now. We're owned by the bridge over there in England burger king So they said wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute We've got a crisis now. What do you mean they want to bring food? Didn't any didn't anybody in the sales department listen to this show? No no to business What are they listening to? Why 100 or something like that? Can you roll this jockey? Uh oh He's gonna have to come in here and we're gonna have to make a deal on it So you can't you can't do it through Roger okay Roger is not gonna take the blame Go ahead sir. We're not paying any attention to what you're saying we have a little I don't see the door opening I don't see the door opening Yes What does that mean what about Glenn? Today yeah A meal well I want some of those fritters then Little bit little take care of and some of those hot crab brafi always it will take care of it Now today is the last day okay. I'm serious The first thing that happened I come in this morning here's this box of 400 homeintosh and city after I went to that whole thing yesterday Yes, go ahead pal you're curcilled or good three or four minutes here you haven't said a goddamn thing that go ahead What do you want? Okay, good luck to it. 1042 at W. I at least he was on long enough. He did performance service He was on long enough that we can go through that big song in advance about armandil okay Faye okay, I'll eat whatever they bring okay About 400 pounds of food. I don't want to hear from Dennenburg. I don't want to hear bad bad bad bad Lyndon Susan your wonderful folks, but I'll let fat rich carry my bag your Okay, I can't deal with this okay. It's like being pulled in a hundred different directions I don't have any willpower by hand willpower. I wouldn't know wait 700 pounds in a first place. Okay These homeintoshin are good no they're not or not for a goyish or cup like you they are But yeah, exact those are not what homeintoshin are really like those are like pastries these are homeintoshin are more like Puffed up Danish okay, that's what they look like they look like puff that I mean the real ones puffed up Danish and they're filled with fresh Poppy scene these are like little I don't know what you would come you're not bad, but they're not the real thing and don't anybody get the idea I'm not we're not cruising or trolling for a homeintosh All right, these are goyum homeintoshin Yeah, they're for goyum only with some of you and Raneri and Roger and Henry are eating Well this morning and the Sharon that's good and we don't have any Jews working here anyway, so what the hell are we gonna do? Tomorrow we're gonna have for all the goyum in the building. We're gonna be taste testing Hall of awe what we're gonna do is take some cardboard and slice it up real good and glue it together with lapages glue and you'll never know the difference It tastes just like Hall of awe ever had Hall of awe It tastes like paper cut up real fine real thin yeah With like some flavoring in between It's 1043 a wio d let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing fine. Thanks I'm sure glad we got Monday out of the way. I'll tell you that why because it was dreadful yesterday I heard a little bit of it. I was pretty pondered. It was the worst. Yeah, I know I'm embarrassed for you people out there about it Not for me, but for the audience. It's okay. We can stand it. All right. Okay. I was looking at the a USA today Monday and They have just as I said that two lines dropped off. Okay, really? It's called counting your chickens before they drop it I was listening I was not listening. I was reading the a USA today. They have a list of about the top 20 The top rated radio stations in 20 major markets. Yeah, and under the Miami forward order wait a moment. Is this in today's paper? Yeah, no Monday. Oh, yes today. Yeah, that's some the USA today. You have to say yes. What I think you just said yeah, and the USA today Yes, I'm gonna write They have a month the top rated stations in Miami Winc and new stock red your 1940 what is this from two or two three years ago? Hi, this is the yesterday's day. No, they're a little bit behind that They keep going they could go in with 96.5 wait a minute. This listing is for people over the age of 80 Then probably they're correct. Well, let's sit no, they don't have a footnote And they don't say anything but that was predicts Okay, yeah, they say there's the top station in the market or They say here's a list of the top rated radio stations in 20 major markets. Yeah, so they go on and list all the different markets and then they go down to Miami Florida to Hollywood and the very first one is 940 new stock WIN WIN Live classical 93.1 WTMI FM Urban contemporary now you know today found out you know USA today is published by Genet out a Rochester right and they found out they saw in print somewhere They saw GA and an ET and they thought it was genetics Genet, the Portland main but immediately they panic and they said well, we better put WIN Z in the list okay Because it looks like our station, which it's not this is amazing. Oh, this is a nice and ghost TMI and kiss both have like very small ratings I know well, they're in a list too. Yeah, they are a country of the country FM WIC How about Zeta Zed in there? No, no, that's it That goes to show you it's bogus is Zed in there. Oh, and you know, it's not for real Yeah, well, they're turning the corner there. Yeah, they sure have yeah, though. I think so on okay They got the FHP is out there trying to find out Okay, I guess I was getting a little over enthusiastic we do have some lines open now one in day one in Broward and one in bulk It's kind of like balanced out now just to make it even I was getting a little carried away you know after yesterday's debacle But it's not too bad you want talk to that man for a second about what about a couple things no to what man Mitch about what about CD players and no we're not gonna do that on the air We don't know it's bad enough we got a little bit of RF back in here again. He talked about anyway Okay, let's take one problem at a time all right? Oh, or one of the worst trouble makers ever seen in my life. We got an open line in bulk a two seven eight 9463 two seven eight W I do I think what would be a lot more important than any of those things if we get one of those CBS Optipad or Opta Max or whatever they call those that's so that we could talk to him about too so that when a mic plays music In the morning, we occasionally play music that it doesn't sound like Wait in a background like that it's got it when you have one of those things in there They like brings out the highs and it actually doesn't sound that bad on a yeah, right? I think like we used to have an i and z like to talk In fact, why don't we have Mitch just go over there and he can steal it out of the rack because they're not playing music anyway over there Well, remember that thing we used to have a CBS Optipad or whatever they call that so the music sounded real good on a There's no what it's called Optipad Any pad something like the Optipad anyway maxi pad that's what it was called That's because max was one of the engineers so they called it a maxi pad right, but anyway Where it once and a year it kind of cute but they're not playing any music over there any plus they're almost off the year Why don't we just go over there and borrow it Because a music on this station just don't cut it or really doesn't sound good. You know what I mean? We're not trying to find problems, but we just we would like to we're striving for excellence, okay? Now sooner or later when we reach mediocrity then we'll know that we're at least one step further towards excellence, right? But what about when Arlene was occasionally sings over there that is true That is true and when they say is it real or is it mammarex? Okay, what are the lines are just going nuts again here today? You people just uh, man You know how to keep people manic in this market one day. It's like deathfalley days in the next day I'm not saying they got a lot to say but they're sure and a much friendly or mood today Then they were yesterday we could offer to a hundred bucks or call yesterday and I guarantee you nothing Yeah absolutely nothing The same as they would have turned the damn transmitter on that would have helped I guess But we'd like to give everybody a handy cat. It's 1048 12 minutes till 11 a wio Day, let's uh, oh we got a mobile see every time I plan to do something man they screw it all up Mobile and bokeh hello. Neo. Yeah. You're gonna crack up like a three thing for you. Okay I work for a mill work company in Boca, or tone. We've got 11 sales people We all listen to you religiously. We love you. Congratulations send in donations sir I Can you drop like if I mentioned somebody's name that you don't want me to mention to on the air Can you drop just that name without the whole call? Well, I don't have to drop the whole call but it'll drop um You know that man's sunny Yeah, okay Friend of ours from Miami is having an extreme Corassment problem with the gentleman and He wants to do something about it. Can you steer him in the right direction or should I put him in touch with you or you in touch with him? No, haven't called Norman Kent up in for Lauderdale. Kevin call my lawyer normal would love to do some more business with Halendale I'm sure okay He is like all upset he's really given the man a problem well and haven't called him I'm telling you I'm is there in Broward County and these very familiar with what he's dealing with so haven't given a call Okay, I'll take care of that that's the first thing the second thing This is the funny part. I had a dream the other night. You're gonna laugh that this sunny man won and he moved you Kind of strange the need to say so I like thought he did anywhere is to be on the safe side. Okay. Go ahead pal. What's the third and The third and the last thing You have a card that that came from one of the I think University's in Miami with some girl says the tide of hearing people eat on the air FIU it's from Wolfie it's from that station that's in the socket You got a plug your brain into an electric socket on campus. It's the only way you can hear it The only way yeah, you got to plug something into that socket if there's any way possible could you just throw that on some time? I guess if it'll make you happy pal, well, this has been a really productive holiday I appreciate okay good luck to you. I'm sure glad we interrupted the whole flow of the show for that one Okay, we have an open line in bulk of 2789463 that's 278 wio d it's 10 to 11 and we'll be right back Sports talk give you more than just sports scores It's in depth talk with the players coaches and your comments now more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 6th Wio d Hi everybody this is safety office with Mike Tyson heavyweight champion the world your baddest dude around the baddest driver around too With your driving tip of the day a few months ago I was in a came-on with my ex wife while I've been given so I can't believe it Maybe read about it in the papers anyway She buys me one of these cute little golf yield of cats with suction cup feet which would taste stuck on the window in my car when we left the store On the way home. I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe read about it in the papers I couldn't see the tree because a damn cat was in my way Robin said that I was stupid to stick golf on the windshield I mean that that's really bitchy to me. I mean call the heavyweight champion the world stupid That's stupid so I think I faked Robin I'll arrest it. I took her out with a clean right hand knocked it right down completely first A standing a count I can't believe it. Maybe read about that in the papers anyway My attitude to a golfier the cat has really been affected greatly. I mean in fact if I see you driving around with golfer the cat in your car I mean booth please control. I don't know what'll happen. Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too Could be 1054 Wio d let's go to Palm Beach, Chelo. Yeah Your ex some people but for the last year I've been here is like people harping on your butt about your weight You know I just tell them speak upstairs speak up and you know by a face Yeah, why the hell are they harping on you about about the weight? Who's harping on me? Everybody everybody calls it seems like they are don't that get old man You know it seems to me like this is the first call we've had this That's great call from Palm Beach is the first one we had about my weight. Yeah, you have to get to four or five hundred pound I don't make any difference anymore. Okay. Oh man. I know that's not your forte. Yeah Well listen what is your forte? Right yeah, okay. We'll start working on it right now. Okay, pal 1055 Wio d we have an open line and put that was on a Palm Beach line Well, I just want to imagine that I'm here. Okay, to know 655 9463 if we have any more airheads up there with an IQ of under three my amy hello Well, Neil yeah I wanted to ask when about that peace they did on Inside story the other day. Yeah, I know Neil liked the peace but that Do anything about you did you notice that I mean they heard a barely showed you at a glance That by accident wasn't about him sir wasn't about him. Okay, just try to well control yourself He is part of the show and he's not He's just here to eat and get a paycheck and have a good time just get a few laughs Okay, that's pretty good. Any others? No, not yet Well, I should know though if enough food comes in we may have to recruit some other people to come in just kind of sit around chuckle in either a little bit You know they'll pay it. That was good. Okay. I want to ask you Neil You think the on a waiting list about that story the other day at how he would Here comes the good shot. Yeah, well, you find a chance for a ring coat at that theater a trench coat trench coat yeah anything underneath no nothing underneath In fact, there was a hole in the pocket. I ran out of quarters. Do you remember me? No I'm afraid I don't want to wait for what a maniac 1056 a Wio to you just here by the tone in the voice right at the beginning of the call We have an open line in date 751 9463 751 Wio D Hollywood. Hello Hi Neil. How am I? I don't know. That's a good question. How did you go to your shrink and find out? Listen. I really hate Mondays too yesterday was my birthday All right these and the other room with more porn movies again now boy. This guy just never stops Okay, listen to you and drive on my truck and that monstrous rain yesterday Those terrible I do have some I would like to try and bring your day up for you a little bit. Well good and with the sound of that tone in your voice It sounds like by the time we get through I'm really gonna be home with those Well listen, I'd like to thank Uncle Mikey and Wio D for the tickets to Mark Lake actually I called in yesterday morning and wait Got some tickets Oh, so maybe this will Oh, but they're not gonna give you tickets on a day when they're playing again. That would be even better Well, maybe listen to this might help you a little bit Yeah, and Harry's wonderful can barely hear it Don't you love it? Yeah, really upset with Laura cable it I don't want to hear about it. I'll get yourself a satellite this. Okay, forget about story cable You're never gonna get what oh that was the only one I was for W. G. N and they took it away from me and I'm like really pissed about it So what do you want me to tell you? I told you get a satellite to stop whining stop being a whip-aude your life Go out and get yourself a dish call tell star right now and stop whining You're gonna wait for a story if you're gonna wait for a story to give you what you want pal You got a lot of a long wait, okay? Yeah, I'm finding that out It's really bad. Okay good luck About the yeah, you're getting yeah, try sending it to Camillus okay, okay any other advice Keep doing what you're doing okay Wow 1058 a W I like I said this is a big improvement over yesterday You must yesterday show that should give you a real good idea Real good barometer by which to measure just how low we sank yesterday man the audience was in a coma yesterday One open line in date and in Broward in date County. Let's give those numbers real slowly because it'll kill a rest of the hour 751 9463 751 W I O D and in Broward 524 9463 524 W I O D after the news I'll read the story to you out of the inquire the headline is Peter Fock Hey waiter there's an eye in my soup and it's mine. Oh, I'll read to the story after the news Was something to stay tuned for a little incentive they ought to be able to relate to that and hell And there's a lot of those people have something in their soup, you know like their teeth yeah Anyway, Henry Barrow is standing by Henry put in quite a day yesterday And even Jesse Owens and all those other great Olympic stars that had a hard press to match Henry's Olympian feats yesterday Oh, I tell you what he's saying was doing wine testing from noon till midnight. Yeah And he's gonna really be talking all about that along with a few other little tidbits in the news Start coming up at 11 o'clock. They'll be back for our number two at 11.05 Steve gun education in the schools at two and sports talk with Sonny and Joe at 605 New stock radio 610 WIO D presents Neal Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIO D in day 524 WIO D in Broward or 655 and 278 WIO D in the palm patient other areas may call collect The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now Here's Neal Rogers on news stock radio 610 WIO D Okay, Wayne now. We're gonna try it once more just remember now introduce yourself and read what's on the paper in front of you You got it yeah Okay fine Wayne stopped substance abuse awareness campaign. This is take nine Wayne Wayne that's your cue Oh, right Anytime you're ready. We're ready. Wait Wayne go Oh This is D Wayne's stomp of black tooth kids We drink and drive no No, no, no, got cut. It's not when you drink and drive. Oh I'm right Let me do it again. Yeah, good idea. This is Wayne's Stomp PSA take 10 Hey, this is Dwayne's stomp when I drink and drive. Oh God wait, God wait Do we this spot is supposed to be against driving while intoxicated? What? Never mind. We'll do it one more time and remember say don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday We can Don't drive you got it. No, don't you again Fine Dwayne's stop PSA take care. What is it 11? Ha, I'm Dwayne's stomp telling you If you do drugs as we can don't drive wrong again, Dwayne. It's don't do drugs don't do drugs That's what I said. Oh, it's not I've been close to what you said you come in this booth. I show you how close it was here. Look We're gonna do it again Wayne Say don't do drugs If you must drink this holiday weekend do not drive Take 12 this is Dwayne's stomp weekends are for drugs New drugs Okay, Wayne. Thank you very much for coming in. I think with a little editing we've got something we can use Don't do drugs and if you might drink this holiday weekend don't 11 was seven of W i o d And look at those deadlines many all vamo's during the break. I told you that was gonna be Just a little that's not gonna carry it away, right? A little bit better than yesterday, but not any blockbuster today, all right? Okay, date county 751 W i o d 751 9463 and is this somebody expired in Broward 2 524 W i o d. Well, a good part of it is it's like recycling Because when everybody drops off during the news like that then you start all over again You know you get all the riddle all those hangovers from before the news. We got a mobile and broward. Hello Yeah, sure we do Okay, good start this hour boy. I see that first hour they give you that fall sense of security and Like fall and right off the end of a cliff. Okay. What comes on at 11 Sally Jesse? Yeah, she on all and forget it we can't compete with that. Where is the food already? Okay? Let's just get the food in here and hell with it. I think I'm just gonna change my mind on that. Let's just eat every day Because we make a lot of gutter will sounds and it takes up a lot of time then you just punch out anybody You don't care as long as they take up a little you know Palundale hello hello Neil. Yeah. I'm just reading a article. I'm looking at in the post time USA No, we don't we don't discuss that rag on the air sir. Okay. He's been writing that crap for over a year now Because I did a number on him on a year year about two years ago. I think it was was we don't we don't Dignify him by discussing him on a year. Well, I you know I just bet it and just annoyed me to know well I know why you're reading that anyway. I don't know there's nothing but ads in it and pictures of you know Who would you or around his neck right? Why don't know why your father read nobody else picks it up? I've been trying to get you for a few days About two weeks ago you had somebody that called and it said that someone went to I think was how it Goberg and I have Howard Goldberg. Yeah, that's go what? Hank Goldberg and I thought he was Neil Rogers and I asked with Neil Rogers That was me and you know I call was almost as good as this one. Yeah. Yeah. Well. I just want to introduce I quite no I just wanted to do myself here because I'm a big time fan here. Well, that's great and I'm sorry that he Didn't think you know anything of it, but Who He was like very Nasty. Well, he was probably busy handicapping or somebody he want to be bothered Well, he was upstairs at the pressbox where I was Well, they even all the more reason he doesn't want to be bothered. Okay, leave the guy alone. Yeah, I just I wasn't a right way But I wish I rock the rock and keep on doing a good work You know, okay, thank you so much and come here again next racing season okay like about in two years We have an open line in drower at five two four wild bokeh. Hello Okay Now let me read this please. It'll be a big improvement over nothing else going on. This is from the new and choir March 14 clock And so what it says starts off with plop Explanation mark Peter Fox glass eyes suddenly fell out and splashed into his soup While the clumbo star was Chowing down at a fancy Hollywood restaurant a shocked woman fainted at him here by table But unflammable thought just plucked his eye out of the bowl Washed it off with his water on the table and popped it back in wasn't a gal revived Peter Center of Friedrich and an apology and his shirt is waiter. It was an accident not a psyched Yeah Wait a second. Oh my him. He's always had an eye for the ladies. Okay That cullumbo It's 11 past 11 a wild Do you imagine if he was eating dinner with Jamie Davis? I mean I've heard of people say waiter. There's a fly in my suit But I never heard anybody scream out there's an eye in my head So I guess there's something little new wrinkle every day. Okay. Two seven a wild DM Bokeh. Let's do a little bit of a break while these people try to get their brains on cramble. Yeah. Boy, I was what a what a Foolish child I was at the beginning of this show man. I had such hopes. You know I saw those splashing lights and I thought boy here We go there really back into it again, but Man they are just pathetic again. That was quite a anyway this Sunday noon to three Steven I are going to be out there at Toyota of Hollywood the number one data with the number one deals And we've been telling you about on those exciting incredible beautiful new 89 Toyota's and no matter which one of those Toyota's you have your eye on Yes, you're gonna find a tremendous election and great prices tremendous folks to do business with that Toyota of Hollywood and don't forget that the brick oven pizza and playoffs are going to be catering with free food for everybody who shows up At least everybody who shows up while are still food so I would I would show up early. Okay. I get there like about a quarter to 12 because those Vultures come descending when they know there's going to be food they just go nuts So if you get there, you know the getting is good you're gonna get some real good stuff from brick oven and playoffs You're gonna get great deals on Toyota's and you get to a me to course the two super stars of Stage screen and sometimes radio yours truly and Steve from noon to three this Sunday. It's all happening at Toyota of Hollywood on a 441 Between tapped in Sheridan streets in Hollywood No one knows sports in South Florida like Rick Weaver Joseph Gackie sunny her Hank over in Jim Mandish Join our sports team for sports talk every night at six now more with Neil Rogers on new talk radio 610 W-I-O-D 1114 at W-I-O-D Let's so he lived dangerously take a call from West Palm Beach. Well hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I'm how you doing okay? Why can't I think how he's doing Hey Sheridan this guy wants to know how you're doing Good yeah, I heard you talking about the Bundy book this morning. Yeah. What was that the title of that? Oh, God here. We go the stranger be side me by Anne rule Are you Ellie? It sounded good. It is good. I know there's about six different books out there Well, I'm sure there are at least that many now now that they got the got him fried Okay, well, I appreciate I want to know the name of that. Okay. Well, that's a good call pal. Thanks so much 1115 at W-I-O-D we have both the Palm Beach lines open See they don't they don't call to converse from Palm Beach County they only call it I'm always that that they had on six years ago another one with a little eye 278 W-I-O-D and Boca and 655 W-I-O-D and Palm Beach. Why are we gonna I just wish there was some way we could reach those people you know what I mean In Palm Beach County something we could do or say to bring them alive No idea what it would be. Maybe we need Dr Frankenstein to do it. Yeah, yeah my amy hello Hey, you know how you doing okay good. Hey, brother. How you doing today? Hey, okay Anybody else is how you doing? I'm going home. Oh, yeah Well, I hear the last guy asked each one of us Separately how we doing and we both said great now I realized it wasn't a great call, but since his call in your call nothing has happened to change things Well nice to hear that you guys are doing well. Yeah I got a great one. Can I ask you a question? How you doing? I'm doing fantastic. Well, it's nice to hear that I got a blue hair story. We went my wife and I went to this restaurant and and Hollywood I don't know if I could use a name camis and We're sitting there what do you mean you don't know if you can use the name camis and then you throw it in there on I don't understand I don't know I figure what the hey, you know What are you gonna rip him? Well, no, no, actually they have some great shrimp pasta Well, I don't want it add about either direct competitor with one of my sponsors. I'm not gonna promote that guy I won't do that them. I won't mention that again Good Right anyway, so we're sitting there and they're like six blue hairs sitting next to us in table having a big feast And so my wife are sitting there my wife and I are sitting there having dinner And as we start I said you get for going into a play club that you get a bunch of blue hairs sitting around you okay This couple on the end right next to us they take the reach over and they take Naptons from an app and holder to start So my wife and I think well no big deal. They just took a couple napkin next the guy reaches over he takes our ass tray Now I'm a smoker and I wasn't gonna have you know a single like is it's small cramp quarters So he takes our ass tray meanwhile they're not asking for anything Reaching over and grab it. Yeah, I can relate to that. He takes I catch up mind you They reach over and they take our catch up Better cocktail sauce finally I said look excuse me We're sitting here you're over there. You've got plenty on your table. Would you mind keeping your hands yourself? They look at me like I'm crazy And so they they proceeded to get really angry with me because I I told them that they couldn't take crap from our table And Anyway, the blue hairs stories that I've heard on your show are Nothing compared with a look on this guy's face Well, we make it all up though according to sunny rosemberg We just make it all up they worked so hard to change the image of this town They actually brought in three couples under 110 Last month okay to try to change the image I know hey um they were hundred and eight way to go on that weight loss with neutral system. He sounds like you're doing good I've been going to a gym. I'm doing it the hard way You know every line that you say is that has got the potential for me to do about a half an hour You do realize that don't you? On the air no just a half hour on the line. Oh, okay All right, anyway Not doing real good. Okay. I was doing real good in this week They're just you see these sales people their thing is and in fact one of the people I don't want to mention Tom Denon He's no, seriously. He came up with a line a couple of weeks ago that was shocking He said I'm not gonna mention the name of a sponsor because it's a fine sponsor of ours and they're nice people But he said they're bringing food tomorrow and I said no, we don't want food tomorrow We got a stop is it not they insist there's no such thing as you insist okay? See the last the last I remember from broadcasting 102 our job is like when somebody buys spots and we do a great job for our sponsor Especially the food sponsors okay and spread the fact you're promoting a competitor We do a great job for our spot and what we do is we do the spot we get enthusiastic about it We know what we're talking about we make it sound great. We get we do them we get them great business And we do that for all of our food sponsors guaranteed, okay? We don't have an obligation to be for sped on demand And he sales people well they insist they could insist my ass okay? There's no such thing as they insist it doesn't exist But seems like they bring over here something like that they insist to bring the food I mean I just I don't understand these sales people you know choice in the matter exactly You're gonna eat it whether you like it or not I'm going to be no like it. We're gonna let the birdie 20 pounds of it right the Friday Just to make you feel like a jerk It's amazing I don't want to hear about it. I know I'm just lucky I just it's closing well it's nice to hear that you're getting hot What else in closing? I had meld you a letter a quirk opiole letter. I sent Mike Disney Regarding that was a few weeks ago. Yeah, regarding mr. homophobic the cables and If you need any other you know audience participation and then letters written just ask for it and and You have a big fan following out here and we're willing to do it. Okay good. Well, I'll see you. It's nice time You want to go out for a seat. I want to try and want to try the online I'll be real nice you won't fight all those ancient people in there. You'll find living and breathing people 100 who won't reach over and grab your thing either okay? I'm gonna try and I hated it when they grabbed my thanks Yeah, I'm gonna try the online door cafe. That's what they all say pal would a smile on their face Okay, have a good one God almighty each call today is like a major psychological traumatic experience isn't it? It's true we have an open line in date if you move real fast now Let's do a little amateur psychology on his listeners 75 one Wiod and Palm Beach is finished for the day They're done. I got a horse. Oh, all right now Let me just before you give us your horse which one is it nimble crisp in the eighth the 15 horse Well, it's not as he picking these horses with numbers that are not gonna get in I don't pick them by numbers A pick-and-buy name all right that horse is not likely to get in nimble crisp in a eighth Not only that, but that they're gonna probably be a whole bunch of scratches in that race because it's gonna rain that race is scheduled on a grass Safe when rats it goes down to dirt there are a whole bunch of horses that get scratched. Oh, maybe look at it You know, I'm no dummy Well And yesterday I gave the picks for the double today these are two of our Look at this these are different morning line odds man We could get a price here on this double olive eye with Doug Valiente in the first race the six horse and B.L. Striker and a second race with Jerry Bailey the two horse six and two We could get the results while we're chilling the air of those something started early like one or something Where we're gonna get them? No call us Who's gonna call us still or whatever his name is when he call us? He's got not much to do out there today That's one other second then today is closing day by the way I just mentioned that in passing so if you want you know want to get in on the action This is it Telechorus November third when we have that big the the breeders cup The big weekend the third fourth and fifth and November Phil salts by the Carlos no he won Well, we'll see we'll see what happened. He could happen 22 past eleven at Wild do we have an open line in Boko 2 7 8 9 4 6 3 and if your car looks a little schmutzic is they say on the west side Then you really need one of those quality paint jobs from our friends at Arco Or it doesn't cost you you know some places you go you could practically buy a new car for what they charge you to paint your car But an arpco that give you a great quality at affordable prices like the Neil Rogers Supreme paint job The regular price $350 the special Neil Rogers price 195 the repair all the Nixon scratches on a car and then they'll spray a prime see their coat covering your entire automobile and Top it all off of the three coats spray of your car with polyurethane Catalyzed a mammal with clear coat again the special Neil Rogers price 195 and an extra special 10% additional discount for junior citizens those of you under the ages 65 Arco also does bodywork rust and debt repairs vinyl top replacement headliner repair and replacement carpeting And of course insurance work to four-day county locations 17 East Lucy street and homestead 220-401 South-Tixie Highway in Cutler Ridge 72-06 Northwest 56-3 at the airport, Hylia and in North Miami at 1800 North East 150th street You'll be sure to ask for the Neil Rogers spatial at Arco In the cool of the night we give you the heat of the talk Join Rush Limbo Tom Snyder and Larry King week night starting at eight now more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 6-10 W-I-O-D 1125 at W-I-O-D that Boca line is still dormant just just in case we mentioned Do we don't want to put a lot of pressure on you up there because we realized was it raining yet? I don't know not yet. No, not in the house. It's gonna be rare so per set sometime the next 18 or 20 days No, it's coming you can see it on the radar. It's coming. Oh look at that. Yeah, I have a handy attention to that radar Now is it that green stuff? Yeah, that's already very good stuff. No the green and it's it's gotten closer What's that blue stuff? Well, that's light rain and Grap and ground clutter. How do you know all of this? Well, you know don't know What does don't know anyway? No, I just I watch the weather channel. I got news for a man. That stuff from the west It looks uh it's gotten closer since we've been here for an hour and a half but it's but it's not gonna last all that long No, no, but it will but it will rain. It's a little rain. Can't see the logs. Yeah, it's probably sometime during this show possible in fact I bet you another hour show at my house. See there in west Broward. It's right the age Mowing right in the Broward liner. It's moving into western Broward. Yeah, the first western day the first one has just made it into Broward Just now over the line. Yeah, this kind of like watching a real slow horse race. Oh very slow who takes out for a lot of nail. Hello Okay, thanks so much for waiting. We sure appreciate it. Miami. Hello. Hey, deal. Yeah How are you in the bird you guys still doing good? No, not too good since we saw the rain coming Hey, uh, call the bird that I don't think you can get any calls from the track as I don't think there's any phones there for some kind of one No, they well, they do have that law, but in a press box they could call up, but I don't there's uh, there's a time thing on there I think it's like half an hour or something after I was think so because of obvious reasons Yeah, I think they've called us before is what I was thinking well you could just no not from the track So left the track yeah after the word one call maybe just to lead up to my next comment You could probably just send a leaf out over there and you could scream. Yeah, that's a good idea It's too bad it's during Lee show. Oh, gee Yesterday I know parking my eat my lunch and I flipped over there when you guys have one here commercials My flipped up there and somehow I got Lee and Maybe I don't even know if my radio was working when I got him, but I did hear him and he had He was he was copying your show so bad he had You know that scream you do that. Wow, you know one with your voice He was playing that or of cheap imitation of it. He was shooting people with that little gun It was uh, he's like a child It was a quiet people people who imitate like that like Alice and Lee Fowler and and Last year they're like overgrown children, okay? Yeah, juvenile tell everybody what leads doing today Remember Across just a lot of not our member. No, seriously, what did you say it's what? Jewish women Perspective they're perspective on Jewish men And in tomorrow he's gonna have Gentile women discussing their perspective on Jewish man You know on Thursday he's gonna have Jews talking about goyem He also said the governor himself accordingly. Yeah, yes today. He really He's where to got he did well. That's great. He's really coming up with all the new stuff isn't he? He also yeah, and he also used the phrase I guess they had a change up there Jeff Charles is going someplace No kidding yeah, who's doing after no one's there now? He called a mister polyester whoever that is Somebody that works there the name sounded for a million I guess you think you know sir this call in the words of Lee Fowler makes me apple plucked it You don't like it It's just a little joke pal. Okay, I don't I won't get hostile Wasn't doing it good anyway. Okay. Well, let's you have a wonderful day and thanks for the report Hey, you're right your code ring is in the mail. Okay, boy. He sure got off of their quick dinner 29 past 11 at W. I Od Steve at two o'clock gun education in the schools And the Marion Hammer of unified Spotsman is gonna be one of the gas law with Dr. Ray Armstrong the all-American boy And he is a child psychologist and they're gonna be talking about gun education in the schools Great Anyway, let's see look at that funsick started drop off and Broward again Broward's up into and involved in the show last couple of days. We can notice that we started out today all the day lines We're lit up and it was Broward after some prodding and could joling Now I don't want anybody to be alarmed because I haven't done the tell star spot yet But I spoke to the very nice lady one of them who works over there yesterday to find out the progress on my satellite dish and it seems I don't want to I don't want to create any havoc but it seems that there is someone In plantation either one of the powers that am or somebody in my neighborhood who doesn't want that satellite dish going up Any reason so every time we do all of the paperwork and all the stuff that they tell us we need to do and then would they come back with it and then they come up with two somethings You know what I mean? Yeah, like every time you think okay, we've done everything We need we got all the permission and we got the signatures and then they come up with new deals Okay, just because they don't want to they don't want me to have it is basically what it is and I'm let me just say this to you I don't really care at this point okay because you people in plantation I'm not talking about the residents but the politicians and some of my neighbors. I have some very nice neighbors But we also have some snobbish, snooty miserable Creatons, okay and Then bother me at all because I'll be more than happy to move All right, now that may bother my landlord, but that's too bad Because if I can't have I don't notice that when people put up these ugly antennas Which is all a satellite dishes anyways a form of antenna? I don't have anything to say about it and I can see them Can't you yeah right there on a roof? Remember what Tom said when he was here the neighbors are jealous that you have something they don't hang exactly that's what he said exactly So there he can but I don't really give it to him anymore because I'm getting sick and tired of that snooty attitude up there in plantation And then my one neighbor down there the end of the street those always tell me oh no They just got to do all this they got to make sure everything's on he up and up. I'm giving something on he up and up It's just a bunch of bureaucratic crap and they're in bed with a cable people and anybody who doesn't believe That out there's living in a dream world, okay? You're living in a fantasy land Because I think the city gets a certain percentage for every subscriber. They got some kind of a deal With the cable company. Oh, absolutely So they like nipping the satellite business in the bud see because then they lose X number of subscribers and I'm sure that my You know six cents a month or whatever it's gonna be that and not only that I would still have to cable anyway just like when I had it up the first time right for the basic for back for backup for basis Not for backup or local panel. Yeah, sure It reminds me, but I just want to put you jackasses up there in plantation on notice that you know You can think that you're gonna create a big heavy. I don't really give a damn, okay? Cuz I can live in for waterdale. I can live in a halloween Dale I might just go ahead and move to halloween Dale and then and run for mayor This plantation they're incredible with the bags and everything Yeah, and nobody up there here. Remember when I tried to get some people do something they couldn't give a damn less Whatever they tell them they just like good goose stepping little Sub-serveened douche bags. They just go along with it no matter what the app powers that be tell them They do things have never heard of in any other yeah, Minnesota forever heard of plantation back never any No, even even in Georgia they never had plantation bags, okay? Even in the cotton fields in ever had plantation bags It's 1133 a W. I mean speaking of what we were just talking about sports channel a Florida is something that those of us who have Certain cable companies are out seeing and as a result we won't see tonight the Georgetown at Miami baseball game from Marklight Stadium We won't see the NHL game Pittsburgh at Los Angeles at 1030 tonight on sports channel of Florida We won't see the heat game against the Lakers tomorrow night at 730 We won't see the Gators play Virginia in baseball Thursday at 5 p.m. And we certainly won't see the Michigan Wolverines play basketball at Northwestern in 8 o'clock on Thursday night We won't see racing from Gostream We won't see racing from Pompano, okay? We won't see any of it unless enough of you get your butts on the line and pick up that telephone and call Your local cable operators pronto, okay? Because the pressure is on it's starting to have a real effect Trust me you call your local cable company if you're a sports fan and you tell them and no uncertain terms You want and you want it now sports channel of Florida home of the home teams mob solvers complete an accurate weather makes news talk radio 610 your only station for weather Whether you like it or not now more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W-I-O-D 1135 at W-I-O-D here's a call in Hollywood, hello Hey, Neil. Yeah, it's the first time I've ever called in but I got something I like to say about wimpy George Our president yeah, well Sorry to announce this but it has something to do with the eastern crisis and Yeah, he really he really asserted himself and I didn't know yes Well, what bothers me is the US government His back that's always seen in the news a lot of couple years the Holy and unions and they're right to strike and protest for decent wages Everything now we have it happening in our own country and President Bush has backs off and not only does he not make a personal appearance and state his point Well, he wanted a border night. He didn't came up. He didn't come up and he was you busy running around trying to get John Tower confirmed Well, that's true, too, but now he does he show his face But but then he threatens labor and says if you Secondary boycott the country on the introduce emergency legislation Doesn't knock it off now His contention so we're not discussing the eastern strike. I thought we under we said that at the beginning Well, he Steve did that for like four hours just yeah, I know but I just wanted to bring up the thing about The president the way the way it handled it. Okay. Well, thank you so much It's 1136 and wio d we have two open lines in date on a very Luke warm kind of show today seven five one Wio d we have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three We're not discussing sunny rosinburg. We're not discussing the eastern strike In fact, we're not discussing anything. Are we no nothing? Well good that way that way we like it on the show That's exactly the way we like it because no matter what I bring up you people aren't gonna talk about it anyway Right no no matter what I bring up I could bring up four I could go through an hour monologue Like I used to in the old days at the beginning of the show in the first call would be How loud new what can you tell me about Felvin So what's he use okay? Why understand where we are? Look at that now the rain that line is moved just into Boy look like right in sunrise there too I'm just like they're gonna get some serious thunder boomers in sunrise moments from now. Probably now as we speak the least way out there like by the sewgrass. Yeah, yeah Probably be a lot of frogs hopping on the sawgrass. In fact, we might bring up that Mexican family I'm like, I can't come up. I was like, I can do like a little tap then. Little Mexican hat pants on the sawgrass for a little free foreshore for you. OK, no charge. Although the sawgrass, it's wonderful if you're going like in very limited areas, but in cost and arm and leg. True. God is that expensive. Yeah. For a lot of nail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Well, I guess I've got right in with the program. Because I have that feeling. You know, that's absolutely nothing to say. Well, that's good. You're right in there with everybody else who's called so far today, sir. That's my pleasure to fall in line. OK. I heard the Palm Beach line was empty and I thought I'd take a bath. And where do you live? I got to say this is a quickest ever. We got no show. Well, you call it Palm Beach now. Excuse me. Where you come from? I'm calling for a lot of data. Oh, from for a lot of data on the Palm Beach line. Well, actually, pretty creative. That's a way to get in. Well, you know, you said that you said that that Palm Beach line was empty. And I just said I can't stand for this. We got it. That's really a remittance. It's a switch. Well, I got an even better idea. Why don't you move to Palm Beach? OK. So it's too far. No, like Boca, you know. Everybody sooner or later, everybody moves to Boca. No, no, let's take a look at their brain data. I can't handle it. OK. So that's not all. Oh, he's thinking. Don't you understand? He's like taking a little rest. OK. No, I'm not thinking it's your show. You want to send me. Oh, are you done? Have a nice day. Yeah, I guess I am. Bye. What? He wasn't sure if he was. I was. Haven't you ever had those experiences in life when you're not really sure if you're done? Yeah. OK. We understand, and Helen Dale, they're hoping they have some experiences like that, but they never get started in anything. 21 till noon at Wiod. Boca, hello. Neil, how are you doing? Any pretty good. Pamela, I think you know all those in temperate comments about your wonderful city. You know, last call was a douchebag. Even if they are true. Neil, we'd love to have you up here with the dish. Bring it up here. Oh, yeah. Big Dave. Yeah, sure. I can just imagine. Drive. Let's see if I started about five in a morning. Yeah. I can get to work just in time. Neil, I've got an idea. Oh, I bet you I could take the saw grass, huh? Now those frogs that get the one. Neil, we could get you how I copter. Yeah. All right, I'm out. Oh, no. Pretty nasty, Pam. Neil, I burred how you doing. This fine made me laugh. Pretty nasty. Ain't Neil. What's funny, though? Yeah, I laughed. Neil, yeah. I've got a doodle three for you. Yeah, I'm not. I'm not. With any sense left this time, I get this sick feeling in a pitomized stomach that every grass we had on even a semblance of reality is gone. I think he's got something shocked. Oh, a noodle story? Yeah. I think this is going to shock every day. It was something revolutionary you was doing yesterday. Yeah. They're having this little joke, a fine or something where people call him with these terrible jokes. By the way, noodles told me that his favorite dish is Luxembourg. Do you want to smell what that means? No, I'm a guy. Well, okay, go ahead. He's crinkling something in the background while the squirrel's telling her joke. And she gets down and he starts to smell it. Who is? Who is this? Where was this? I'm a glove. Well, when is he on? Was he on yesterday? The morning. He was on in the morning. I mean, you know, Greg, not a noodle. Oh, good. It's a good time for the great taste. Noodles got booted off that shirt. Well, bootles. Yeah, and I, you know, you get a little closer to home. Greg was doing this. The main dude. Okay. Gregory Benjamin. He starts. Are we ever going to get to this? I'm just about ready to pass on on a floor. He starts doing something revolutionary. He's talking with helium. Oh, I'm feeling a voice. Yeah. I'm a rag. You can't be the same. I wanted to scare that. I'm feeling so sick now. You have no idea between Lee Fowler and whatever the guy said he was doing before. How Greg is doing it with helium? A great new idea. Oh, I'm going to tell you something. If I had a dollar for every ounce of ingenuity in this town, I'd be at the Camilla South right now online. It's still all your material. God. It's unbelievable. It is. I can't wait for those, for those Jeff Charles unbelievable bumper stickers myself. Yeah. The guy that saves his armpits. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Okay. Well, thanks for the reputer. I'm going to needy press now. Hey, I'm going to the dad and talk about the car. Okay. Good luck to you. Not in Hell and Dale, I hope. Okay. See you. Here they are. The Armadillo Cafe is just brought a latrine. A crawl. That was a foot. A trough. A trough. Yeah. Why can't we say that? Well, it's not crap. I've seen a way you and the captain Dave used to pick out over there. Okay. You could have just been scooping it out of a trough. Water. Oh, yeah. Water. We always came for that. We do have an open line in date, by the way, while we're waiting for all of this food to get them. It's cool. Okay. I have 20 or 30 of those in Broward. There it goes. It's already ringing. Oh, God. These good. These little fritters. These are those roasted corn fritters. Yeah. Hmm. And I've got a lunch at Mommy's today too. I can't wait. What have you got today? This is like all. You'll show off. I don't even know if she pretends she doesn't listen. She'll have very little. She'll have a light launch. Okay. Good. What's in there? It's a deal. Oh, excuse me. That's what the queue. Hmm. Well, I have a feeling we're going to do some serious picking out here today. Yeah. By the way, this headline in the inquiries of appropriate time for you to see it. Michael Jackson puts fat brando on a diet. What's he eating? It's 1133. Wow. Yeah. Boy, these are so good. These roast corn fritter. It is. And there's even, I notice some apple sauce, but I'm not, I'm going to pass on that because they're good like naked. All by themselves. They're incredible. And that's just good. They're unbelievable. And what's in there? Crab, Kis redeva. Oh my this is smoked barbecue duck Smoked my all-out Oh and here those Texas tacos over there. I got my Okay, this is from the Abadillo Cafe where I'm not eating any other food today, so if it sounds in the background like I'm eating I'm just do that to make them feel good. Okay, so they don't feel bad I'll give a chance. Oh, I got food in my mouth. It just a good act. Okay. I do a hell of a job of you know With a smoke taco is boy boy I'll tell you man everybody that goes into your place just goes nuts. I mean they're raven They're just doing a tap dance on the ceiling. They are Honey time sauce for the duck for the duck. Yeah, well, that's sliced duck. Yes That's a hope Steve's not still in the building. You probably feel it all from you Fat rich says here's a little constant message save. Yeah, save it. Yeah, but there's a lot of me really good Forget it rich you're on a diet, okay? Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hi, how are you feeling? Hey great I'm a way to go stream and I'll give you a call when I leave What do you mean you're leaving after the second race? Throw into the fourth well what goes back into we're not gonna be here after the fourth race at three o'clock No, out to the second rate of revenue. I'll give you a call Well, let's see the second race will be 130 yeah, that'll be great. Who's good in the tenth? Who's good in the tenth the sunshine forever is gonna be about three to five more long? Okay, but don't forget Julie Crowe with Galey Galey pal There's your pride. Hey listen. She won at last big race. Oh, yeah, look out That's an inches food. I'll give you call it to the second. Okay. Good luck. Good. Thanks five 145 at Wio. Do there's one of our golf stream degenerates by the way another hate letter from Maria in Pompano You know the one at is all upset because I keep talking to kids to go to the track. Yeah Be say she hates me more than her ex husband That's how much he told me. He knows that possible. I'm honored by that Maria. That's really saying a lot. How many of more? There's seven or eight 46 the Wio do we have an open line in date county 75 one Wio a day boy. This is a boy Oh, I'm looking at the tenderloin with those onions just keep your claws off of that already head one already snuck one No understand No, we just gotta put a stop to this. Okay. We realize that you've been planning this for ages already So we kindly consider I can't resist absolutely yeah, but this this is it for a while, okay? It's cool. Oh next time you come by thanks a million you guys are doing a great job Okay, armadillo cafe up there in Davy man. I'm gonna tell you it's so good that if the Davy city council knew that they were So good so they probably pass a law Making it x rated okay These fritter. You ever had these fritters. Yes, I am more of the good Too bad Nick don't have any food here. Yeah, he does. Nick's got his own cup. I'll be Dan's. What you guys should take care of him don't you? Let's see what did I see we have an open line in date. I'll say it again because I don't think they heard me there Co's finally there a little little slow today Dick Ferrell Has replaced Jeff Charles. I what you're gonna write dick ferrell. That's a right wing douchebag up there, okay? And Mr. X is on only on a weekend winch as far as unconcerns more than enough Okay, hello Hi, now how you doing hi, bird how you doing okay? You guys you you drive me crazy. I want to talk about my cable company. I'm not here I'm just I'm just making chewing sounds like there was food my mouth. Yeah But I'm not eating anything. Yeah sure listen listen I thought I think you said it with table. I have So I'm gonna make it up to get the Pope apple plug together But I can't get paid from you and I say to a why can't I get paid for you she goes in the fall well We don't carry that serve So I wrote a more lighter. I've called them and I want to put a dish in my neighborhood I live in a private community in Boko we can put a dish up one out the home association doesn't allow it Oh, isn't that wonderful? I would move if I were you I just think we haven't thousand dollars It's not gonna move I can't move Well, there's nothing else I can do you have any other suggestions of you know what can you do? I would consider arson or get this point. How come they all you have a dish? How's that possible because my house faces can you know we are which is a pretty major road It's right in the local bulk of Delmar. They don't want about it. They don't want any dishes based in the road They don't want to drop down We won't change anything, but it'll make you feel a lot better Well tell them to get on a dime, okay? Yeah, let's get off the dime. You show us great and Between you and Jane who talked about food. I'm getting way just listening to you on this show Well, just do like I'm doing right now just to make some chewing sounds and no details anything Have a good one. You too, buddy. Good luck. Obviously gonna need to live in where you are Boys is good