1, 2, 3! Boys, this is going to get somebody upset. The big article in the paper tomorrow, we're taking away that WEDR audience ladies and gentlemen. Do they play that? They don't play that anyway, buddy. Marvin and Tammy, it's two. Boy, that is some article in the, is it in the Haroldus morning? How look at that in the local news section in the Harold radio war, it's nerve and black Miami, isn't that something big story? Big story, but Andre's big luchy. Oh, Andre, who was a full brother to a Maricopa speuchy. And Andre writes that the people at WEDR are really pissed. Okay, they are not happy. They're unhappy campers because Hot 105 has the audacity to be beating the crap out of them in the ratings and have all those young black listeners. I know somewhere in the Constitution, it does say that WEDR, Seriously, doesn't it? It says in the Constitution that all young black people must listen to WEDR, and if they don't, it's like some kind of an act of something. Isn't it? Uh, a revolt. A revolt. A revolt. That's a revolt, that's exactly what it says. Uh-huh. And Hot's got a night, they've got the audacity in a spring book. Have a nine share, an EDR only had a one four. And it says, flyers have circulated in night clubs and flea markets, urging blacks to stay faithful to WEDR, noting Hot 105 shortage of black disc jockeys and announcers. WEDR vice president Jerry Russians says a station didn't put out the flyers, but he says Hot 105, while happy to lure black listeners and advertisers, provides work to few blacks and contributes little to their community. Uh, first of all, how many people do you think could work at that station? Fifty. Maybe. Hot. Hot. On an FM. Maybe less? No. Probably. Fifty. Yeah. So do you think that that's the answer to a black unemployment in South Florida? Not me, it's the whole thing is such sour grapes and so ridiculous. I mean, that's the nature of our business. Okay. In other words, if they like what's on a hot, even though I think Hot is sounds pretty weak. I don't know what that's all about. But I mean, if they like it and they're listening to it, it's a free country, okay? Oh. This idea that there's some kind of a legion soda, it's like the same thing with the Spanish language stations, you know, like there's some kind of a legion soda, like you're voting for some kind of ethnic heritage or something by listening to the radio. People aren't doing that. They're listening to what they want to hear. Oh. Oh, I see. Oh. What a crock of crap, boy. So they're going to have to go back to the drawing board and evidently what it says later on in the story. They're come up with some new format or something. EDR. Yeah. And they're going to really put Hot to the test. They are. My, I don't know. I don't know what it says. Anyway, here we are. Stan, major is going to be a long 11 o'clock this morning to eat. Which is very nice. Stan can eat with the best of no question about it. And what a weekend. I want to thank the men. It's very much from the bottom of my heart. I want to tell you how much I appreciate personally the sweep of the Montreal series took a long time yesterday. And the cubs mean time. I'm not, you know, everybody's in jude. They're hit a chin to lost at 18. You can't win every day. Okay. They're tied for first place. And they got three with Montreal starting night. And they will see this will separate the men from the goiim tonight. Isn't that the way to San goes? The men from the goiim? And we'll see exactly what happens. But thanks to the men, they really did it. I was looking by the way at the team by team breakdown of who's played who. And I hate to break the news to you because the men are only four games out now. And I know that those New Yorkers are just salivating, forming it them out. But this is a little bit of bad news. The men have won almost half of their wins against the three worst teams in Bayon, the national league. The braves, the reds. And who is the other one? I forget who the other end the fillings. They won 10 against Atlanta, 10 out of 12. So that may not mean anything now. But I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. But they did win three from Montreal, which is quite an accomplishment. And we'll see what happens. This is going to be a big week. So obviously there will be a lot of discussion about that. In fact our first call is a Mitch Williams medical update. It's getting a high. It's getting a high. It's getting a high. 10 past 10 at WIOD. That was an excellent call with reverb and everything. So it's going to start off the week with a crank. Isn't that great? Mitch Williams did pitch yesterday among almost everybody else on the team in that 18 in Los. So even though he was hit in the head on Saturday, he came back. He does have a hard head. Almost as hard as the guy who just called. All met fan who wants on right now. Right now. And he already has a word to give you the lead. What are the experts? We just swept them over to you. I just got through saying that. Well, how can you say that for worst teams of the league? I'm talking about the number of games they've won. They won 10 from Atlanta. Are you going to listen to me? You love about New York. Asshole. Are you going to listen? Good. They won 10 against Atlanta. 8 against the reds and 7 against the fillings. Those are the highest totals in the win column. They have against any teams in the league. But that's because all I can't get to. The club's reason to coach them. They've played as that many times. Haven't played who? Haven't played who? They haven't played a few. The reason is much of the metav. But you're missing my point. You're missing my point. I'm going to do one to them. I'm going to do one. Yeah. Okay. How about all the games they've played against the giants that they have a losing record against. The club's are great. Yeah. Well, the club split there. 12. How come they got a losing record against the Cardinals, too? Well, the card. You're one of those typical New Yorkers who doesn't want to listen to Spencer. In other words, don't can. Here's me with a fact. The metav first place by 10 games. Okay. And your standings, the metav were head by 10. They'll call here and start screaming and acting like a jackass in the beginning of the week. There's another one of those New Yorkers. It's just a game. Okay. You idiot call up sports talk and give them a hurney on sports talk. They'll call here and start screaming and behaving like some kind of a banshee on a Monday morning. Has this car any other morning? Is this calm down now? No. I just made a point. Okay. Didn't I. And I said how many times is this a congratulations. Thanks to the metav. They swept back to you all. It's quite an accomplishment. Yeah. Call Joe tonight. Okay. He's dying to talk to you. Sir. To a be brain like you. So it has in here. Another one of those. But no wonder everybody hates the metav. It's not the team. It's their fans. They they stink. They're disgusting. They're even worse than the Yankee fans. He always crying to blues. Always twisting those statistics around. Okay. I hope by all. So I was 48 runs in the first inning tonight. All right. And then cries about. He belongs at a met. He's a crybaby. Just like the met's fans. What does that say? Oh, he's back on again. Why? I don't want to talk to him again. Get him out of here. Roger you've been out vacation too long. Get a one. Talk to him again. Like I'm going to put him on the air. I want to be on right now. Right now. Yeah. Go call call Craig Worthing. Okay. Talk about the red socks. Boy. What? What's going on? I don't know. I've taken two calls. So far the first one was a mouth breather. And the second one is a met's fan. I don't know. Control him. He's thinking about this. What are you want? Oh. What's wrong? What happened? Did we start out with everybody? Everybody was in a good frame of mind when we sat down. And I've taken two calls. Let's go on. Come these disgusting South Florida jackasses. Come back to New York. You know, it was so great. What did you go back and bring the infested disgusting filthy air? Okay. And I hope you get to burp your losses from it. All this hate and vitamin screaming is over meaningless ball games. What's wrong with you people? Don't come there. Don't come there. Not meaningless. They're not. No. But it was sports. And fact, you know, it's interesting that you should bring that up because it's It's in the first place in the American and the National League. We got a tie that comes in my way all. Notice the Metzard in there. Baltimore is 2.5 ahead of Boston. 3. How to Toronto. 3.5 ahead of Cleveland. Milwaukee 4.5 at the Ackys. Only 6.6 teams within 6 games in the American League. East. In the West. California, Oakland. Our half a game apart. And in the West and the National League. San Francisco. Thanks to Houston's. We're not going to the only two ahead. So this is why everybody with a brain is it. Loves baseball. Because here we've played over 100 games. And we still have four red hot pennet races going on. Or divisional races in baseball, which is why anybody with a brain. I have a brain with a brain loves baseball. I have a brain. Now we have to do a break. Now this mobile and belglyd probably is some kind of an idiotic call. Isn't it? Big thanks, Neil. Good morning. But well, I was right. It isn't a idiotic call. Aren't you trying to call QAM? QAM, I just want to talk about one of those. Hillbilly nose pickers to me. You're right. The same con is a, you know, a couple. I saw, I was with powder at the track a couple of weeks ago. Since he started working at QAM, he's been picking his nose a lot. I know this. Yeah, I just want to ask Bertie to have the pump with a cup and a meds and all the other junk. I don't know what he wants. You just say the cups were junk. Sir, did you say the cups were junk? I didn't say that. Then what I just heard you say? The cups and the meds and all the other junk. Didn't the whizn the implication there that the cups are junk? No, it's 1015 at WIT. What a way to start the week. This is great. I was sad to see everybody had a good weekend. You're on a good frame of mind. Must have been that brown skin the other night to got them all upset. Oh, I'm just not in the mood for football yet. Okay, at all. Like I said, all of Pena races are heating up. Everybody with a half of brain is really even people who weren't baseball fans before. Are getting excited about it now. This is the time getting close to the playoffs and the world series. Like I said, anybody with an IQ of over six? Then I love Larry King's got this thing. Of course, Larry's everywhere. He's like Legionnaires disease. You know, he's in the fence. He's everywhere. And he's got this little thing he does on Carter's show. In fact, how is it that his show is on this station? And yet he does a sports thing that's on QAM. Would you explain that to me? Isn't it like, uh, sack religious? Oh, conflict of interest? Oh, I think sports, you know, it's like, okay. So he does this little feature in this morning. He gives us this big rundown on the American League East and how all the teams think, Which everybody already knows. He doesn't say anything. But he does tell us that Mokey Wilson is going to be a big agenda, Which is the grammar isn't even right. The big agenda for a Toronto. Mokey sitting like 136 with Toronto. Okay? Not too much unlike what he was sitting with the Metz. Anyway, it's 10 17 at W.I.O.D. We will probably pass 10 at W.I.D. Now, if I can slow down, now that I don't have that idiot on the phone, The point I was trying to make, you know, The only reason I'm repeating it is because the guy was screaming and Carrying on and getting hysterical is that the Metz record Against teams with winning records is a Pauling. It's bad. Okay? They have losing records against almost every team that's a winner And most of their victories with the exception of the three against Montreal this weekend have been against horrible teams. That's all. That's a fact. It's part of the statistics. Okay? Oh, right away, he wants to argue with the facts. Don't confuse him with the facts because he doesn't sound good. What should we do? Lus against the brave? That's not the point. The point is they've bulked up on the garbage teams. And when they've had a play to good teams, Would he accept this weekend? They've bit the bullet. They've stunked. Like the three they lost in Chicago two weekends ago. Oh, a potential hate call. This is a great start. Hello? I want to do it. Wait a minute. You hear that? Yeah? Not even the guts. Another one of those meds people. Not even the guts to stay on the line. That's a good. I want to ask you some questions about the CDR article, but I guess maybe tomorrow. No. It's the first thing I brought up, isn't it? Yeah. Well, no, I did mention that thing. Like I do at the beginning of the show. And right away, we're faced with hostility from these obnoxious New Yorkers. You know, we don't have to ask there are two problems with South Florida. I mean, the weather is great. We've got the sand and the beaches and the sunshine. There are two problems with this town, okay? Two many old people and two many New Yorkers, okay? Those are the two problems in this town. And some of them are crossover, right? Some are in both categories. Now, it was so wonderful in New York. We didn't do this. And by all good, go back there. All right. And don't ever come back here again. Until you get a gold plated invitation. Right? Boy, they were miserable up there and they brought their misery and disgusting obnoxious pushy outrageous attitudes with them here. You make me sick. Why don't you all go up to the top of the world trade center and take a nice fall? They're probably not listening to EBR either, just to what? These New Yorkers. Exactly. How come you're not listening to them? Because in the Constitution, it says you ought to be. And Jerry Russians pretty upset him. Oh, he's always crying and whine and he's always crying about the ratings and about this. And now he's always whining. So it says here in the article, by the way, a trend coming out Friday morning at 11.30. It fits right in. How hot one are we're going to have a bad trend coming out. June is going to be right in there. And it's going to be really weak. If it's not, it's going to be a miracle. I'm sorry. I keep interrupting you. No, it just says. How hot one of five to KDR's audience, you know? Let me see if I can find it. This is such an unbelievable article. A fast-paced format with less talk, uninterrupted blocks of music and on air, money giveaways. I'll keep them. That seems to be a new thing. That was hot one of five. Oh. It says EDR sounded old fashioned. It's DJ's ramble on and often played obscure songs on impulse. Some ads for amateursistically produce. So that's how they did it. And more music, less talk and money giveaways. I don't be damn. I don't understand anything to do with it. Well, I think it's pretty disgusting. You know, everybody who listens to Hot 105 to turn it off right now. That key and keep it off. Got some nerve that keep eyesling. What the hell is this? What kind of a dirty picture is this? Oh, we have dirty pictures. This morning? What a day. What is this? What's that stationary? Now, I've got a little note there at the end. Don't read it on the ear, but you did not. It's not funny on the bottom. Oh. The PS. Yeah. Well, that's unfortunate. It's a 24-pass 10 at WIOD. So, D, let's take a call and these calls, man. If we talk to anybody, what's going on? Who isn't all a whacked out this morning? I can't believe that. Boy, must have been the heavy duty drugs from Colombia came in over the weekend or something, boy. There's something going on in this town. I had a show. I'm sorry. I mentioned anything about anything. To be honest, I had a great weekend. I understand isn't coming into the 11. He probably is behind all of these calls. My name is Beach. I'm standing in the pool on Friday, and Spencer did. Yeah. Well, you drive Spencer's busy working. Okay, Stan doesn't have that excuse. Oh, you're right. Let me ask you something. Don't ever apologize. I took that fan thing out. They are the worst of the most obnoxious. Really? They completely rack objectivity about baseball. I come on. I say, thank you, Mitch. You did a great job. You swept my two all as great accomplishment. And, bye-bye-bye-bye-bye. And, all I do is mention that I was looking at the statistics and that they've had a horrible record against winning teams this year. And, a guy calls about? What do you want us to do? I'm going to lose to the bread over the... Starts getting all hysterical. Like I just attacked his mother or something. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. Your mother is the word, I think, too. Who in New York are nothing exist in New York? Well, like I said, if it was so great what the hell is he doing here? Go back. Let me ask you something. No, wait a minute, seriously. I think one of the great things that we could do is to take up a fund to send all the New Yorkers who want to go back. Immediately back where they came from. Okay? And the next time anybody calls up and says, I'm in New Yorker because I'm from Rochester. Let me straighten you out, okay? Upstate New York, eight New York. It's New York State, but it's not New York. Okay? Get it straight. I wouldn't want to be from New York. Go out. So I'm getting emotional now. The club's play three against Montreal. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Tonight tomorrow, Wednesday. That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Last time I looked at... Michael Weston is Thursday. Do they have a game? Yeah, Phillies. At home? Oh, yeah. Oh, great. I'm going to be up there. I'll go to the game. Great. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Four big ones. It's a matter of fact. I don't want to listen. I don't want to get that guy upset. But during the month of August, the clubs have a whole bunch of games against the Braves, the fillies, and the reds. I just mentioned that in passing. First of the games you have to win. That's correct. But don't let the clubs break your heart. I'm a Chicago and they broke my heart too many times. They're not going to listen. They're having a great year. One way or the other, it's been. It's really... I've had more excitement, baseball this year since then. I was a little kid. It's been tremendous. And I'm not going to be one of those fair weather people if they... if they don't win it, they still have a head of tremendous year. I'd like these New York people who are all a better out of shaping getting a hysterical. Like it's some kind of an insult to their ego if the meds don't win. Were you down on Scotty Sanders in last week? How'd he pitch you up today? Wow. He's stuck. So okay. So he finally pitched... and then top it off. He gives a home run ball to a guy who's getting 160 or something. I mean, yeah, he pitched a bunch of good innings in between. But you know, it's the pirates. Don't get too carried away. No. Don't apologize to him. And don't apologize to a metronome. Okay. I would never have a great life, sir. Bye-bye. Okay. He was a little boring too. He was a 27-a-w-i-o-d. Everybody's in a great boy. Talk about a shot. It's like the Monday that we came back from vacation. I'm sure I came back from Chicago. I was not prepared for that. Wow. No clue. Just on a Monday out of the right out of the gate. What do you know what it is? We're almost to dolphin season now. Do you remember those Mondays? Oh, yeah. Every Monday. A lot of pressure on the dolphins. Man, if the dolphins lose, they get all hysterical in there. They're in a surly mood. They get dolphins when they get hysterical in there. They're usually because they didn't cover the spread or something. By the way, talking about covering the spread. I'm so sick and tired of these people that come on to you and talk about gambling. And I have no interest in sports at all. I don't want to mention Hank's name. Now, seriously, I mean, either you're a sports fan and you can watch a ball game and enjoy it because it's, you know, for the sport. Or you're just a compulsive gambler and you can't watch anything. You can't watch two dogs run down the street without betting which one will get to the corner first. Okay? That's called a compulsive gambler. Not a sports fan. And that's mostly a New York thing. Okay? I'm not saying that people all over the country don't bet with bookies because they do. But the bottom line is it's primarily a New York sickness. Oh, the COVID-19 spread. Who the hell cares? They're talking about like a high school volleyball game. They covered the spread. It's 10, 28 at W.I.D. Boy, I had no idea. My blood pressure must be like 900 over there. I can't believe it. I was so calm and cool and relaxed. Everything was great. Steve today, by the way, as long as we're getting upset. Now, I want Sharon to come in here immediately. Okay? Because I hope that this is not true. Steve's topic today. You know how I feel about tattoos on anybody. Women with tattoos. And it says, Steve convinces several gullible young ladies to be tattooed on the ear. I'm speechless. Now, you young women who are about to be tattooed. Can we say that? Don't do it. Okay? Don't do it. I mean, on anybody, on guys, on anything, on dogs. I don't want it. It is so disgusting and grotesque. And the bottom line is, once you get it on there, it's a real excruciating thing to get it off. Unless they got some new, you know, go home and take a bat. I don't think so. I think it's a real ordeal to get it off. And it's disgusting. Those of you out there who have tattoos, you ought to stay in a house and never come out again. I'm telling you, never ever come out of the house again. Unless maybe it's real dark. Share a lot of this is because of, oh, yeah. Fat. Boy, it is ugly and disgusting. And if you ever, I'm sure you have. You've seen these guys that are like covered in women too. Poor covered with tattoos. Sure. I mean, talk about something you just don't want to look at. The disgusting and grotesque. So here is Steve Cane again, leading the young women of America down the garden path. With another one of these hedonistic, disgusting, vulgar radio shows. Ladies, don't do it. Okay? We're trying to save you. It's disgusting. Who the hell wants to look like share anyway? Boy, in fact, with a tattoo on her shoulder says, Mias, you know what that means? Yes. Rose. Boy, she looks like she looks like she had like been on the Karen Carpetor diet for six years. Doesn't she? Bad news. Okay. The cause is so good. We shouldn't overlooking them because look at that. We got a ton of calls on here. Things are really zip at along, right? Boy, peace out. Oh, my God. What a start. Have we talked to any well-alaska was fairly rational. Was it a close as close as a real call? What? Pop it, oh, beach. Good morning. Boy, you got my Irish up this morning. Your Irish? Yeah. My Irish up. Have you heard that expression, Neil? Yeah, I've heard it. I've heard it all. I got a question for the bird. May I ask him a question? Go ahead, sir. Bird, did you see standing to the liver west, not on HBO, with James David, almost? No, I haven't seen it yet. I'm going to see that later. I told it to the land. Yes, sir. It was a great, great act. How come you're asking him that question? Go ahead, I want to talk to you. Oh, my God. Almost was not a for an Oscar for that. 1031. He was almost going to ask. 1032, I guess. Boy, look at that. Like in about two seconds, we zipped. If we at that rate, the show could be over in two minutes. And after these calls, what a blessing that would be. Look at that. We got two lines open in day. They just dropped off after that last call. 751 Wiod. 75194. 63. He sounded like a New Yorker to me. That's what he's upset about. Okay. Like I said, if it's so wonderful there. And if everything there is so much better, go to help back there. Okay. There's a bus. There's a Greyhound leaving. Not a bus, a dog. I'm sorry to keep bringing this article up. But it's gone. Yeah. Well, they're not going to respond to it. No, Ed's been a response. We don't have any black list. Anyway, thank God because if we did the jury version be all upset about it, probably. Yeah. It's in the article. Many teenagers don't realize the importance of having WEDR around. Says Craig Anderson. Yeah, who used to be a board-off at this station. Isn't that great? It has to be a board-off. Now he has a weekend talk show on W Snooze. It's the important. I'm sorry. W, W, you knew. Oh, W, you knew. That's the new. W, you knew. Yes. I forgot to tune in Alice this morning. I think I've gotten that out of my system. Yeah, that'll be pretty awesome. Boy, this is some start to what's going to be exciting. It's not supposed to be on vacation this week. That's right. Well, if I had my brothers, you know, I'd so much rather be here with all my pals and daughters. I agree with you. First, who the hell wants to be lying on the beach in Hawaii? You would have missed the high-it-regency hotel overlooking the Pacific Ocean and all that great walking stuff out there. What would happen if you hadn't been here? How would I have handled all this? I would have no clue what they were talking about. I wouldn't have happened because you wouldn't have said anything about the metro. Now that the key that started on this was men. That was your mistake. We'll spell STEM backwards. That's correct. A crime. But some people got lots of such books. Yeah. You know, all these people calling them give you a hard time of life. Well, what do you want to give us a hard time about, sir? No, no, no, no. I'm going to give you something. I'm 34 at Wild. Boy, they're sure all out there this morning. I'm full regalia. I'm starting to enjoy these calls. Yeah. He fit right in very slowly. Trying to really like to. Not going to get on the air, sir. So I don't know why you keep wasting our time with that donut crap. Okay, in fact, I think you're head. You know, like with a big hole in the middle. I think that's your problem. Look at this, somebody sent us some nuts. Oh, what is it? That's what that is. And I think he's the last guy's problem. Maybe we ought to send these to him. Okay, like of. Savannah Moon. What the hell is this? Savannah Moon restaurant invites you to a cup of pots like a thing. I think. Like an invitation. Oh. And when you open it up, there are nuts inside. I think unless, uh, I don't know what these are. Anyway, it's 1035. We certainly hope you've all had his nice, well, weekend is the people we've spoken So far. I don't know what to think about, Paul is. Huh? I don't know what to think about. They are nuts. I can't get the damn bag open though. Now, what kind of nuts are these? So these hazelnuts or something? What do you call these? Does anybody know? Do we have any nut experts? So we had several nuts on the phone. So this is what I often know. I don't know what these are. I just didn't, it doesn't say it's just as Savannah Moon, which I guess is a new restaurant that's opening up. And you need a nut cracker to open these. And they have a nice, nice, nice, nice, nice. Rich will probably be stopping. Ah, ha ha ha. Any excuse, man, when there's food in the building, we do have, uh, Wayne's pluses coming today. Uh, in honor of Stan Major's appearance. So that ought to be pretty exciting. Uh, a plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I was up at Hillham Headlap Week. Hillham Head Island up in the South Carolina. You know where it is. I'm not some kind of a dummy. Oh, okay. I just wanted to keep everything going up there. I was fabulous. No. 1036 at Wild. What, why don't we care that he was up at Hillham Head? Do you care about it? It's as opposed to impress. I'm not the least bit interested. You got a real boring voice. You're in Don't Ever Call the Show again. I'd rather talk to the Met sky than to him. We have an open line in Brown. No, we don't. But they're really sizzling today, man. sizzling with much. Ha ha ha ha. Loaded with calls. And there's in a single lot of mute. I want to speak to again. And to be 500. There is in one of these people you'd ever want to be. Unfortunately. It's true. It's so amazing. That that guy man was screaming and yelling and puking and just having a nervous breakdown. God about that. So weird. Don't you understand that's the New Yorkers. Yeah. Okay. If they can't outthink you or outreason you, they just will outshot you. Which is why so many of them. Not all just 80 or 90% of them are allowed up. Which is disgusting and should go back to New York. Okay. By the way, we got the Yankees in Cleveland in the 1970. The Indians are hot. And boy, are they going to beat the crap out of the Yankees tonight? Won't that be a shame? And you can hear it happen right here on WIOD exclusively at 730. Oh, good. It's like a public servant. And those of us with a saddle I can watch it. Every disgusting second of it. Although some of us might be occupied watching the cups and Montreal at eight o'clock hour time. Okay. Hi. Hi. Yeah. I made a terrible mistake. I was supposed to be on my way to Chicago today and I can't for my reservations three weeks ago. I never dreamed these Montreal cups games are going to be so hot. Go on. If I were you I'd be slitting my wrist right now. I hope you guys can share me up because I'm very depressed. Why aren't you up lifted by the calls we've had so far? That ought to do it. You know, the shocking thing about the baseball is the Yankees over the last 14 games. Are you sure? Yeah. They're losing in their gaining ground, which is almost impossible, but it's true. Great. Great. I understand your point. Your point is well-thinking. Rick Weaver on Saturday was giving half-hour updates to the skimage and sports has gone too far. But hey, it's a ski business from the SNL Powerstein, the HSD scandal. Hey, don't forget, sir. At WIOD, it's not just a game. It's an obsession. Well, talking about obsessions and depression. Have you ever seen the movie boys of summer? No. Okay. Jackie Robinson. We all know what he went. I did see boys in the band. Is that similar? No. No. Anyway. Anyway. What do you got to do? I wanted to also see comiscone. Now, I know you didn't like the, you saw a picture of what it's supposed to be. The new one? Yeah. You know, one thing that they do, they close in. They send a seal. Not like in, they're really filled. We can see the skyline. That's so nice there. They're not going to do that. The new comiscone. They're going to block it and like, hey, all I'm telling you with the exception of the new Park, they're building in Baltimore, which is still three years away, and which is going to be asymmetrical. It's going to have, you know, it's going to be like the old ball parks. But all these other new ball parks are like plastic, man. They're all look the same and they don't like them at all. Yeah. And there's artificial turf is like, you know, how kids get to play stick ball and Brooklyn. Right. All right. Don't say Brooklyn. Sorry. Okay. Do you have, uh, are you going to be able to see the games on television? I'm not going to see. Well, I'm going to see all the next games because it's on both networks. Yeah. Right. No cups. I'll give you reports, sir. Okay. Indy tail. Okay. Bye. 21 till 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boca and Del Rey. I think we just about had almost a rational color. I'm not sure yet. We're going to send it. We're going to run it by our experts and see what they have to say. Two seven eight WIOD in Boca. Two seven eight nine four six three. I think we should take another breaking kind of all pause and reflect on the incredibly great stuff that we've shared with the audience so far this morning. It will be right back. It may a rare event that Alan Finkelson had pomp and a park is listening. I did get the package today. Thank you. Well, I got the tape. It's got all these big races on it from the metal lands. And I've also got the, um, look at this. This is, uh, for the Breger's crown. This is one of the early. I don't understand this at all. What these are. But these are like the entries. For the Breger's crown, it pomp and a park coming up in, um, the end of October. Here's one. Uh, oh, this is incredible. Look at these horses. And they're, by the way, we want to congratulate Bill Faye, who drives it. Pomp and a park or has been for several seasons now. Who's hot as a pistol up at the metal lands. Who, um, in the third heat at the, uh, Hamiltonian at the metal lands on Saturday, finished in a dead heat with Ron Wapels. I forget the name of the other horse. That won a Hamiltonian. And still finished second because in the three heat's he finished first, ninth and first and Wapels horse finished first, second and first. But anyways, an incredible race-off of Matt race. And they finished in a dead heat. Which was exciting. I just mentioned that. And Bill Faye, he's a hell of a driver. So next time you go up to the metal land, just plunge your brains out on Bill Faye and Jack Moisey, and you're bound to come home broke, okay? Should we go to Pomp and a beach? Uh-oh. Hey, it's going to be a great call. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? See, I told you. I'm going to try it. I'm the first time caller. Great. And the reason I call is because, you know, you're in the same kind of mood I was Friday. I, I do test control work. And the company I worked before, we used to do nothing but condo, exclusively. But condoms? Oh. And it's starting to buggy a little bit, right? Oh, man. I just changed jobs a couple months ago. I don't blame you. I do houses now with cats and kids and dogs, because I like a lot better. But anyways, when I, I lost an account one time by making fun of the met, you know, they're in the club house, you know, and they go, would you like the dogs or the met? And I said the dog juice. And about a week later, they cancel on me. Yeah. And I just, and I do want to walk, you know, this day is like that, you know, this day, you know, this day, you pretty early. And I just, and when you're like kind of dog, you've got to be, you've got to put on that happy face, whether you're not happy or not. But yeah. But even the, how do you believe the 100 accounts of one day, because like 100 people to do? Yeah. But I just, I just thought you might want to kind of relate to that, you know? Well, I think, uh, it all does tie in together. And matter of fact, I think the met's fans ought to move into the Rochmo tell myself. But anyways, I'd say it there. I hope that from now on, now that they got the job done against Montreal, I hope that from here to the end of the season, it lets loose every game, okay? And I don't want to get the nervous, but Ken Holl who's pitching for the Philly's tonight against Viola, pitch tape, tremendous game against the Cubs last week, a six nothing he shut out of my memory is correct, and he is really sharp. Well, those great dog, your organization, arms he could, he could be tough tonight. I don't want to get the met fans nervous. I'd say I like this for him, because I know Glenn, I'm sorry about this. I like EDC's just like the next guy, but this is what we're talking about today. Well, it's that time of the year. You know, it's that time of the year. It's 100 degrees out. Everybody's got the baseball fever. We've got four great divisional races going on. And that's what people are excited about. That's a like old lamb, but he didn't fly today. Well, he's out of his room today. That's all he does. He doesn't need to pay for. Well, once the food gets here, it'll occupy him a little better. That's what I just said. I don't understand if I get to know that. You don't understand what? Well, the, you, we should get an interpreter. Is the gag he's still in the building? I mean he's going to come in the interpreter for you. Okay. And these names are put out like their universal. They are. Like what name? Which name has been mentioned that you don't know. Mark Races? I don't know any of them. You don't know who Mark Races? Well, I've heard you mention him. What will you do? What will you do? Why, no, he plays for the cup. You're trying to be a... You say, how many more we caught the feast? We caught an act. He knows that. I'm putting it on. He had he he he he he he. Vinegar Ben Maizel. Yeah. And I don't know. Virgil trucks. And I don't know who the manager is. Joe Dodgio. Oh, of course I know Joe. Oh, everybody knows Joe. Joe McCarthy. There are a couple, I guess it's our, Joe, there are a couple that are here. He just playing stupid. No, I one day one day we were on Zeta. And some trivia question came up and he said, Mickey Mandel. I never forget this is one of those. And it was the right answer. Well, that's the right answer. That was because that had been like a gigantic news story. No, six get out of it. Six get out of it. Six get out of it. Six get out of it. You know, he's in his living room on some of these. And that of you when he has his days off. He's jumping off. He's a closet. He's a closet baseball fan. You're wrong. But you know what the problem is? He's a brave span. And he doesn't want to live. You're wrong. He's been pummeled and trampled upon. He's an Alan Tramble with the Tigers. Don't. And he can't take it any. That's not true. But how does it go on to some pretty bad times too? You're damn right. And they deserve what they're getting now, you know. Yeah, hard for it. Well, I hope they make it. You know, because I like the underdog things. I probably I'm doing pretty oils in the cup. You know, and either one may not make it. Yeah, and everybody like Bigmouth that capital over there at QAM kept saying, all of the oils would be out of first place every day. And here they've lost 14 of their last 18. And they're still two and a half games ahead. That's how bad that division is. And that's the thing, God, because, I mean, there's team is still young. They're going to get better as they go. Damn right. Can I do it on? Anyways, I know it's about new time. I know you're still well enough. Well, you're timing your sensation. You were a great call and have a great life, sir. And don't pay any attention to you, no. I'm trying not to. Okay. But you just mind me the same mood that you are sometimes. Okay. I could really put that. Say goodbye. See, he wanted to say goodbye. Many got started like a second window or something. Look at who's in this one race. This is the Peter Hotten Memorial at Papadou coming up on Breeders Crown Weekend, Paisas with John Campbell, that Jewish horse. Look out now, hard to pay. You can be big in Papadou Beach, you never know. Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour. It seems like we've only been here for a while, like a century. And Stan Major's going to be coming muscling into the show at 11, because we invited him the other day in a moment of weakness. And we got food coming from Williams Plus. Steve today is going to be a gluten tattooed on the cane show. Sports talk with Joseph Gackie at six in the Yankees and the Indians at 730. You're under arrest. Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. My buddy, my buddy. Well, we got that out of the way. I was talking to him last night. Y'all bet you were. No, he goes to ask to them. It doesn't even go into a museum, which makes his mother very happy. This is where we all miss. This is where we all miss. Is it where you're going to go to the Vatican? No, we're in Rome. No. In defense of the bird, let me say this about the same for those cartons. Hey, they're only four out. Yeah. Look out. Oh, now you're a cardinal fan. Oh, listen. I fluctuate. Yeah. Whoever is hot this week, that's saying nothing. Come to my house and if the cup game is on, oh, hey, look at that. We're ahead. We, we, you know, let's drink. Now I'm basically a cup. No, you're not. You're a fair water. I'm just saying. You know, nothing about sports. You know, nothing about sports. You nailed the lid of the coffin and the cartons a long time ago. And suddenly, there are four games up. No, you're absolutely wrong. Your memory is better. Are you choking a little bit? Yes. Well, that's good. Uh, bit. Huh? So, I said first of all, I said, Montreal was the team to beat everybody laughed at me. And they've been in first place. And they still are tied for first for a long time now. They're going to be. Then I said, it's going to be a 14 race in that division all the way to the end. Cartons, the meds, the cups and the expos. So, don't give me this chance that I wrote them off. It's tough. I got to ask when a question because I have it. I don't think the cartons got the pitching. Oh, and then do you see how they won the Guinness today? See how they won the game? They put up Joe McGrain. I think it was the pinched who's hitting like 186. And they walked him. The guy, the pitcher for the fillies, walked him with a base loaded a force in the winning room. Yes, Stan. 186 up pitcher. The eagle here. Not about that. Oh, he's got the dolphins. No, you're up against it. Ah. Ah. Ah. About my eagle yesterday. Big little. See, I thought it was a big football weekend. That's what he's doing. That's what he's doing. What the **** about baseball? I don't either. It could complete through me. It's probably one of the NFL season start. All the races here for it. Breakers crowned I did pump. Because I know you're re-elected for them this also. Well, he doesn't understand. That was Stan's problem is that he didn't know about anything. You know, I got asked when about my new heartthrob. She's L, what's her name? Monchanical. Monchanical. Fernandez. He's on the canvas. Yeah, I was talking to April cold as I guess Friday. I was talking to Sheila. Oh, God. She's a door. Don't you love the billboards with the blonde on the rice? And the brunette on the less. And the Twinkie guy in between from Canada. I saw it. These are the two. I saw it. You think Neil would have a crush on six new anchor guys. Pretty good luck. He was in here. He did the re-niracial one morning. This is the right. He's a salinger. Yeah. Right. And he was good. He sounded good. He was good on the air. We're about higher love with Jimmy Tacter in the Mary Annabel final. A pompado park. Hmm. By the way, those of you who go to the track, Jimmy Tacter is one of the best Trotting men in the sport. Punch your brains out. And he's releasing him to driving. If you see him driving a truck or he is a great truck man. I know Alan Finkelson would be proud of my saying that because it's true. Well, I turned Debbie on on my way in. Oh. During one of your commercial stuff. Oh. And boy, I want to tell you, Neil. Yeah. He's tough. We can't afford having a hell of a time combating. It's a team on our calls of dropped way off. The audience is down. I'd say 90 percent. Well, you ought to be talking about the HRS. Yeah. No, we're talking about WEDR. Oh. Yeah, I heard about that. Oh, crap. You know, but they do have a point. I'm getting a sore throat. I want to tell you something. Yeah. He's pulling out one of those disgusting stogies. So it looks like a swallowing terrain for Dumbo the Yellow thing. I won't wait. No, go ahead. I don't want you to lighten it. But I'm getting a sore throat just looking at it. I don't know how you smoke those things. Man, those are disgusting. So those of you who are wondering how come while, and those days when he used to be on a year, why that is? Nobody follows me. Yeah. Now, came comes in. That's why I smoke this when I'm on your show because Kane hates it. Okay. No, he doesn't. Anytime. Oh, he came in. Oh, he came in. He's got my hands to guard. He always, he always mooches one. And you know why? Because if it's for free, he'll eat or smoke it. And then it's just a major because when he came in last time, he does hate it up the studio. Where's my job, guessing on the shows? I think he needs to do it all the night. Much as he hates bill colder. Really? Well, I said it was worth telling you. Oh, here's an early Sochon report. Hello? He's dead. I, uh. Oh, my God. Oh, God. I bring him out of the woodwork. Oh, really? Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Wait a minute, sir, we have a, we have an emergency bullet in here, just man. Hey. Hey. We all do it. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I know. I, Harry's been in a lot of places where he didn't know where he was, but on the show he was absolutely someplace else. I don't know where. That show was great, by the way. Yeah. It was great for him to drop by. He was going to play that Saturday. We played it. No. I thought you said we played it on Saturday. The best, the Harry Carrey thing in Chicago. No. Isn't that the message he put up there that we were playing the whole thing or was the beyond? The again? What do we play that three times now? Get out. They went away. It's starting to play the same tape every week now. Then they wanted to play it. Kelly just shut off for transmitter adjustment on Saturday from 10 to 2 instead of playing those tapes. The numbers would be the same. Anyway, listen to her and you show him Friday. Yeah, you would be the guy. Did you call him by any chance? Yeah, nervous laugh. You and I. Anyway, he wanted to know what everybody thought of heaven and what heaven would be. He wanted to know if they had an automobile. Heaven would be dying and going into a place where he didn't have a show. He wanted to know if they'd have used cars up in heaven. Simple kind of cars. Anyone who knows they would have an option in heaven. Anyone who knows they'd have good talk shows like his or bad talk shows like Mr. And those are his exact words. Mr. And. Mr. And what? I mean, and then he gave the phone number out and he started coughing and choking. He goes, oh wait, there's a call. There's a call. The lines are full. The lines are full. They wouldn't single call on the board and start full crap. Nobody call in. Well, was it night, right? I don't know what kind of was the lyrics. Let me say it again. Re's a nice guy. He belongs on the air. Like Mortimer Snorge should be a brain surgeon. Okay. I think maybe Bernie should get it tattoo. Yeah, that would be good. All right. You know, that isn't interesting topic though. That if we were killed on the expressway and we went to heaven. What talk show hosts up there would be predominant today. David Gold, Alan Courtney. I think Alan Burke. We've been premature, but you could be right. Heavy meals, clothes. So I was just curious, Paul, where you were when you heard any show. I was just curious about. I was lying in my bed. Really? Yeah. I don't want to pursue this. Your house is right under the transmit. No, I picked it up in Boca, believe it or not. There are a lot of people who have picked it up in Boca too. Why are they opening that new clinic up there? Right. Look at this. Here's Bold Gal with Jimmy Taker in the Mary Annabelle Consolation at Pompidil Park. Coming up. You know, just hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Two and a half months. You know, you know why he's like this? He knows he read cards. He's like a card instead of the black card of work this morning. Is that it? Yeah, that's what it is. In fact, Jimmy Taker's down to drive both horses in the entry. Maybe he's going to do like Stanley Dancer did the other day and drive a, what do they call that when they have two horses hitched to a, they have a name for that. Glenn, what you ought to do is you want to carry it. You got to call a big day, but home after you know, Neil Osleff and ask him which car that he owe is driving to work it? What the hell are you talking about? The red one, Collins. You know what one it is because you're the only one that keeps calling me in at car running up my phone. I didn't know I got a question for you. Getting out of the shower this morning at 830 the phone was, I know it was you in my house. And then I get in the car in the phone rings. Leave me alone. We'll change your number. What do you want? Now didn't you say this was never going to happen again? What? When you wanted to talk about baseball, we would talk about baseball. Well, have it we Paul? 1115 at WOD. He just disappeared mysteriously. We have an open line in day. He has 751 WIOT. First of all, I didn't come on a year and say I want to talk about any you do. Do you mention a couple of things? These are the people that are calling. This is what America wants. Don't you understand? For America wants Bob Custis, then they deserve him. Okay. So we carry that show. Don't we? On Sunday night. I'll come you never get a call from an IRAID Yankee fan. There are no Yankee fans. Which is what they're on. They're on baseball on WIOD. Haven't you seen those numbers at night? By the way, trend coming out on Friday. Friday morning at 1130. We have a trend coming out. It's going to be an unbeaten. Yeah, but still I mean, we're not all bad. I didn't say all. I said many, a lot. Most. Well, off Howard Beach and we're taking bed wrapped on here. Yeah, well, that says it off. You're from Howard Beach. Nice. See that stereotype. Go let's hear a Russian here. That then I'll start jumping on your case too. Okay, like he did on Hot 105. Prediction and that's taking it. Tell you, they take it all right. I don't want to say where. Oh. Hey, listen, really guys. Guys had a great weekend. I said congratulations. Thanks. We needed to help. Believe me. And the Yankee will be the next day. Yeah, they'll be somewhere. All right. Like maybe in South Carolina in the Pony Lee. All right. They'll have a good one. Okay. Boy, he didn't sound too convincing, did he? Souted like he didn't mean a word of it. I'm going to switch some of these spots from next hour to this hour. Cause this this log today. I know Steve would be offended by this. It's an abortion. This is long today. I'm serious. Let's talk about that. The right to life people would go crazy if they said it's not just an abortion. No, it is. It got all this stuff jammed up in the next hour. And it, man, it was a lot of thought and planning that went into this log. I'll tell you that. Go into, did you hear about Terry Merrimon? What? Terry. Every time Terry Merrimon and Phoebe Cates. My God. I haven't made it. J. Neither of I. But he has over and over. Unbelievable. On and on and on. Yeah. Can you imagine people doing that? I'm just going on and on about something. Yeah. It's unbelievable. You know, I'm starting to wonder who's the father of that baby that Lori is. I don't understand it. Can't be him. Because he's just. Oh, he's just. He's just. Which is all McKinsey. For Nanda. Yeah. Anyway, it's 11. 18. The WIOD. I'll talk about the melting pot. I'm moving the melting pot into this hour case. You had noticed from the next hour. Nick, he heard it. That's good. Why want to make sure you're listening to this show? Could be listening to WEDR because Jerry Russians said nothing. That article still just frost my ass. Okay, like people, like, people, oh, something to a particular radio station. People listen to what they want to hear, to what they like. Okay. They're allegiance. Like they used to listen to this show until they got sick and tired of somebody getting surly, like all those sheep bumpers. Exactly. All those latest stickers. Are they still, oh, I meant to mention, I tuned down the punch to up this morning to see if they were still on the air. Yeah. And they've got a some kind of a technical thing. It's real. Hissie. Can I say that? Hissie sound. And then I punched everybody else. They started fine. And I punched back to them. They were playing, um, you know, I know it was on. They were playing, sort of as I said, or did they have to sell a CD players to come to punch you? Because they, everybody else left there. And they got no salaries left. Maybe they're playing phonograph records. Is that possible? I don't know. I heard something on this morning. Real Hissie ever heard a real life. I have no clue. No, this was a record I've heard before, but I didn't want to hear the Hiss. Yeah. So I just mentioned that in passing. Anyway, the melting pot is where the real great fun do is, Stan knows that because he's eaten there a few times, and if they're not. Okay. I'm happy. up this out because the little lorra just came rushing in here. Happy hour at the melting pot, 5.30 to 6.30. Two for one draft beer, two for one house wine, and two for one frozen dacries, okay? Okay. 22 past 11 at WIOD. Stan Major's here because he can't find a job. And smoking a little stogi, the food from waste plush should be here any second now. They usually hear like right between now and 11.30. Right? Very rarely they shine us and come in little late. So they should be here any second. And let's go to Aspen Colorado. Hello. Hey Neil. You're like the Larry King Show. I'm gonna call her back. I'm so glad. And it's day one New York. I'm so glad. How's it going Neil? Great. How's it going, bro? Too bad you're not here to hear all the great calls we've had today. So yeah, well I've heard I've just got on the line about two seconds ago. All the meds fans are like, plotsing all over the place that can't handle success. You know, they won three games over the weekend. And you think they just won the world series. Well, that's the way they operate anyway. A bunch of douche bags. Neil, have a question. How would you like, most of the time in the winter time? And this summer in Massam, where I was down in Florida. And I listen to you guys when you guys were over on data. Oh, yeah. You know, this summer. And I don't like I miss the show out here. Do you have any plans that can't be going national? Yeah, I'm gonna go to Aspen as a matter of fact. Next week's too bad you let the can out of the bag. But I am talking to some people that I've been Colorado and we got some serious heavy-duty negotiations underway. Yeah, I'm sure, okay. No, really. No, I'm not going national. Why not? I have enough problems in this market. Really? That's the only question I really had. You mean you called all the way from Colorado to see if you're gonna be able to hear us out there? Yes, because I missed the show. I got a hearing. I'm a junkie Neil. I'm a nearly damn. Well, it gets yourself a good radio, okay? Okay, yeah, hand radio is nothing. One more thing I was my brother Matt, was it's all the time. Matt, you're an incredible douche bag. How old is Matt? He's 20. Old enough to know better. Yeah. Okay, have a great life, sir. All right. We'll never talk to you again probably. I'll be a little bit. I'll handle it. All right. Who do how wants to talk to people and ask in Colorado? And by the way, Matt, we apologize for your brother's disgusting behavior, okay? We have an open line in day 751, WIOD, and what in Palm Beach 655, WIOD, all you stand major fan? We have one. Don't be a hot. Where do you have one? What had three, you Friday? We had one. You're counting your friend? Please? No. He doesn't count as anything. You blame him. How do they paint in the ass? Yes. You encourage him. You encourage all the misfits, okay? Because they're old saying, likes attract. Isn't that what the old saying is? Yeah. Something like that. So you have so much to add here today. Look at me. He's a slave. Look at how the slave is played. Slapping his eye. I'm not a slave. Slapping your eye. Slapping your eye. Maybe overnight should be good. Which nurse numbers are like, oh, did you hear the story that they, did you tell me? Or did somebody else tell me that they wouldn't tell them the numbers? No. Somebody else, another radio yet to tell me that. No, it's true. He pleaded and they wouldn't tell them the numbers. She would have told us. I'm sorry for my dear. Remember the old days at Winsons, Zeta when we had a little problem getting some of the stuff off the computer. No, but eventually we'd get it. We had, you know, had to embarrass them. But they just wouldn't tell him the numbers. We'd go on the air. It's a clean power. Lee Fowler speaking of radio yethers had a break the news to him that he had two's and three's. Winsner, witchner. Oh, yeah. He had, like, why don't you as people are dying? Oh, yeah. That's what I said. Plus that wig of his finally turn, you know, turned like to a ripe yellow. And nobody will come anywhere nearer anymore. Maybe he's building. They may come in to back the service of this. Maybe he hasn't had those classes to fill out the diaries. Come on. Or maybe his audience at this point doesn't have the IQ to understand them. Or maybe after the rest of the stuff that's on snooze, there's nothing. There's nobody. Hollywood. No, no. Here we go. Delray. That was the best. Okay, this morning. The jogger crowd coming in. We're at a damn ride. I'm not, we're moving right along here. They're okay. Sing it as song and move it along. I had one little piece of one of those nuts that I hope I don't know what kind of nuts I would get it open with my teeth. Yeah. And I'm like gagging on it. No, no, bad. You're gagging on my face. Boys and nuts. The gagging on my small nut. Miami, hello. Yeah. Turning the hamble pony. Yeah. Around the people who are running their hooves by being a winner. Time to wrap up. Yeah, good for him. And I don't like Ron Wapels. Okay? No. You're good for the good. I don't like all those three to five shots. Like, you know, six done the wood going. No, we're, I don't like Ron Wapels. I don't like a lot of those Canadian drivers. Give me a guy like Bill Feihio. Okay, it gives me a good effort every time. Can you consider good back and the business doesn't want it? No. No. No. I already took a good bath once I'm clean for life. Is that it? I'm just especially you hear about some other sports around here. So, frankly, that's the first time I've ever seen it. Well, it's because they don't know anything about harness racing. We got the bit, fact they know nothing about racing period except for Hank. Who only complains when he loses his three to five shots. You know, they don't know anything about horse racing on that show. Ever I can't, you know, he's free to be here with some other things in price. Oh, honey. How, how, what, sir? Have you got like a sock over your phone or something? Oh, what's the popping? I don't know. This kind of want to talk to this one of those sports talk colors. You know, you know, you called Joe tonight and bitched to him. Don't bitch to us about the fact they don't know anything about harness racing. Do you see how it feels? Michael's in keep saying, hey, bring those sports guys out here. What should I bring them out there for? They don't understand what's going on. Did you see Hank on the tube? Or the weekend. No, he was hilarious. He was with what? The do what? He leased another best thing. No, no, no. He was just the highlight. I watched that. See, Hank is not a sports fan. He's a compulsive gambler. I've come to that conclusion. He's a great guy. He is my best friend, by the way, too. But he's a compulsive gambler. He's not, I mean, that's that New York syndrome again. He needs to be deep programming. He needs instead of going to California to go to the track. He needs to go to San Diego to get that operation to get that out of his system. You see, a man's house of gambler. Oh, I don't know about his baseball. Is he a metspan? I don't think so. Well, we got an idiot in vocal. Well, that's not unusual. Well, yeah. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? OK. You were last on the list, but we put you to the front because Nick promised it would be a great call. I promise it'd be a great call. I called earlier, but I had to hang up before I could talk to you. Why is that? I wanted to see you have a lot of good talent in the studio today, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I'm enjoying it. Who bad we don't have any on the phone? I don't know. Between the burden standing, we've got the best talent in South Florida. Yeah. You really do. I mean, I might get an old blue girl like you. We've tied up a suit on, like, then take over. Yeah. The younger fresh talent, Ashley, has something to say. The younger, wait a minute. The younger talent like Stan. Right. Get outta here. You jackass, Nick was right. One of your liquefants there. Oh, I think that's a metspan. Probably. Yeah, it sounded like he's from New York. It's probably his third call of the show. Hollywood. Rome? Yeah. I nailed. No, you can say how to stand first. OK. I heard the S. I heard the runaway, yes. Hey, guys, don't be afraid. No, go ahead. We know you don't care about us. Go ahead, talk to Stan. He needs, he needs the practice. Of course we do. We'll see him when he got him. We're off into. OK, just to the day there, and OK, we have the plantation pigs. He really pissed me off. I was driving in plantation. I got a few dollars taking for having to steal King bumper stickers. Oh, ah, ah, ah. While that is obscene, there's no question about that. OK, Stan, right. So here you back again. And one thing in passing, Neil. OK. Great, great call, sir. Thank you. OK, thanks for showing it to all of us. OK. All right, I got to tell you something. We have two open lines in the row. Five, two guide. I'll tell you something. W-I-O-D. Five, two, four. We don't want to hear about the plantation cops. This is just another one of those cloaking dagger stories of years about the plantation police. The amazing thing that you can walk out. And there'll be a little ticket on your windshield. OK. Now, what they've got is that? You're door? No. Yeah, I'll walk out your door and the be a little ticket. OK, from a plantation cop on your windshield. This is the great thing. They have a list of about eight or nine violations. They're printed out. And then at the bottom they have a blank space. So the cop can fill in. Why? Why? I had a foreseal sign on my Toyota. Can't do it. Wait a minute. Was I supposed to laugh there? Was that funny? But isn't an interesting capital for sale sign? On the car and city of plantation. Why not? He filled it in. No for sale signs. Cross me 10 bucks. Did it? Yeah. How about if he just ran in there? I want to get rid of it. Well, maybe that would be OK. It's incredible. I never heard of a city. Well, I have nothing better to do there. OK. They have absolutely nothing better to do in plantation. My amy, hello. OK. Another good one. Well, runner rolls since you arrived. They were bad first, but not a really great. What is doing me? I'll get to get this out of here. Will you please? I got one of those the other day. Get it out of here. Will you? For this Steve. I'm telling you. He's going to have some kind of a show. Get Jerry a tattoo up there. Will you? He needs one. One that says ego on his forehead. Miami. Hello. Are they all gone now? Is everybody I see every light lit on his forehead? Is this just a crank hour or what? West Palm Beach. Oh. Wow. This is shocking. There's somebody on his line. Go ahead. Well, they're very intimate. You call two seconds ago. We'll hold on. We don't want you on it yet. I think you ought to go screamless. Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is Neil there? Speaking. Hi. Can I ask you a question? Sure. Because I get the feeling that we're losing control. Ordinarily, there aren't these long lapses. Did Nick speak to you? Somebody did. And did he say you're going to be on like some time in your lifetime? He didn't say, but I'm young. I've got my whole life ahead of me. Okay. Well, that's good. You want to be back on hold? It's your choice. No. You sound like just the kind of collar we need to change the tone of the show. Desperate. What's on your mind? The metal. Oh, I'm looking. I need your looking. Oh, no. You know, we can all leave you. Okay. Now we're getting into something the bird can signal. Sandy. She misses. Yeah. We'd be quiet and let this nice young lady speak. Go ahead, man. Don't be intimidated by these disgusting sex homes. I'm having company and I don't know what's more appropriate. They're meatloaf or tuna casserole. No. We're getting somewhere. Okay. I'm really enjoying these clothes. I got an idea. Okay. Now what kind of companies are they like? These bags are they nice people? Oh, it's like a combination of. Combination of these bags. Usually these bags in a few nice clothes. I think what we're going to do is we'll take a pull on this. Okay. I've, I favor meatloaf, but you have to form it. Like a Felix symbol. Oh, get out of here. Stop. See, that's all he's got his mind on, man. Oh, I figured. Yeah. Or maybe a big breast on an oriental lady. Yeah. How about some chicken breast? That's not meatloaf. I'm not touching that line. Okay. We'll take a pull on and see if we can help you. What time are they coming? About 7. Oh, yeah. We got a lot of time. And if we don't get the answer, Steve will carry it over on his show. Okay. In fact, Steve, I put a tattoo on the meatloaf. Okay. That's good. Okay. Hold, uh, keep listening now, okay? Okay. See you later. We're real lady with a real dilemma, huh? Got it. She don't know whether the scream or eat the tuna casserole. It's 11.33 a W.I.O.D. I'm going to move another spot on the bus hour. Okay. Because the food should be here any second. Nick isn't paying any attention to what I'm talking about. Because Steve isn't there doing a yenterootine. And I'll share and also we got like a whole seminar going on in the other studio. I can probably say every four letter word. I'm serious. I could say every four letter word. Shall we try it? That's ever been invented. Oh, that got his attention. Now, moving wings plus into the hours. That okay. Can we do that? I just want to make sure you understand. You're following the bouncing ball. So the speaker is Bill Carter would say. Um, who said that the other day? Followed. But that was Steve. That said, that that was a great line. It really was a campoli. I stole something that Steve said. That's a first. And then, I think he said to a caller. Can you follow the bouncing ball? I don't remember what it was, but it just cracked me up. It was so perfect. It was a real moron. And it was great. It was just a classic. Don't let Stan get it. He'll steal it. Okay. We want to tell you about wings plus and right now we're salivating. Our way in fact, Stan's getting pretty peo because they're not here yet. But any second trust me. They're going to walk through that door. Have you had it? No, I've never had it. Oh, you never had it? I've never. Oh, my god. You're going to go nuts. It's been years. You're going to be doing dangerous things with that cigar before you leave here today. Well, you can't see a mountain style garlic wings that are just dripping with garlic. Oh, they're incredible. And those buffalo style chicken wings. And in addition, if you're not a wing lover, they've also got great hero sandwiches. But you have to do it. Now, Stan's joking. Blue over here. Hey, bird, how you doing? Okay. Let's stand. Until then. I'm great. Stan, are you ever going to work in a sauna again? No, I don't think so. Sure. No, nobody wants me. Welcome on. Hello. Can I want your garlic, you? Huh? I've been thinking of paying QAM to hire me. Hmm. That would have been safe. Well, I haven't made him the offer yet. I've got to come up with some money for him. He's having a Larry right on the check. I see. For what you guys do it? One? I don't know. I just wanted to call the two of you guys a roachie. Okay. Yeah. When we figure it out, we'll call you back and let you know. Okay. What a bunch of space could add. What is this? Great. Hollywood. Yeah. I don't want to worry about me. Here, there. Hmm? Is it us? It's like this. No. Phone down. I'll walk to the other side. Okay. Let's put that on hold. Because I do it in the street. I'm really intriguing. Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, bird. Yeah. Stan, me, just what? I tell you what. This really picks up a foundation. What a treat for you, huh? What a way to start the week. In particular, menize that's why. Hey, listen. You know, it sounds like a recurring theme today. It's been this paycheck thing. It's been one. Pretty disgusting. Talking about people's paycheck. Such an illness. And it is true. Stan, Steve's mates have noise about how much money he makes. Disgusting. It's very, absolutely important taste. It comes across as a real self-agulating ego thing. And I hope he cuts it out. It's really, really sucks. It's disgusting. And the thing that kills me is he were talking last week about how he's always whining about his broke all the time. Yeah. Well, you know what it is. It's all his money spends on therapy. Is that it? Hundreds of hours. And the sad part isn't. Well, I hope he don't stop doing that. Well, I was going to say the sad part is that it's not doing any. Oh. They're probably, uh, they're probably charging him double to, uh, considering the source, you know. But, uh, you know, I was thinking he could save a lot of money if, uh, if he just take care of things with a simple operation. He has to call a lobotomy. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I don't like that about my buddy Steve. Okay. We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD, one in Palm Beach, 655 WIOD. The show started bad and has degenerated from the very first call to a new low. To a depth of like some ways I could never imagine a could reach, okay? No. Yeah. Well, so I'm choking the death. What a good one, all right. God. Uh, me. I'm like a wonder little piece of celery in there. And then I'm going to choke through the entire, um, oh, we got a month. It's that cigar. What is it on? Is it lit? I'm blaming the celery. The celery came out a long time ago. Yeah. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. You need to light one up here. Put that. Yeah. For what? Uh. Uh. Stan's going to become rocket man. Uh. God. Put that thing out. Man. Oh, man. And this man has kids in the house. So, Danny's got these cigars lit up in a dog. I'm calling the F. E. I can't. He wonders when it comes in my house. I'll come to the big dog attacks him. It's the cigar. Oh. Oh, the big dog is acting. Oh, no. He doesn't. He's been very, uh, commonly. Really? Till he sees you. Oh, okay. He told me the other night. If he brings that stovie in here one more time. My amy. Hey, Danny, what's going on? Yeah. Good question, sir. It sounds like we haven't had a day. Yeah. It's a Fabian. Okay, Fabian, nice talk to you. Oh, these calls. I've really enjoyed the words. The absolute worst. I'm supposed to be a vacation this week. Okay. No. I got a feeling you are. What? They are not right. I'm not right. Holly Wood. Hey, Neil. Yeah. What's going on, buddy? Don't ask your next person to ask that boy. Gonna be gone. Like, like, like, like. I have a friend of mine who's at work. I'm now work today. I've been pretty sick today. Me too. Yeah, I could be wiped. Ah. I found it a call. What a real. Hold on a second. I turn my radio down. No. See what I mean? Call 507, I'll double you out. Hey, this is a radio show. I mean, get your stuff together before you come on a year. Okay. Don't come on and expect us to go through a big song at a dance. Why do you do this? And you put it back in your pants. Whatever you're doing, we don't have time for that. It's a radio show, okay? Now, if you have something important to say about Terry Merman, that's what we're discussing today, okay? Or she's elephant. Or just dumb a kid. Look. Poor Latterdale. Little. Yes, sir. Stand, I don't. Great. Uh, you're looking for a job at radio, right? Yeah. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Is this boom boom junior? No, no. I'll show you talking. I'll be getting the... No, I'll be getting the... There's a station in Ireland. It's, uh, LPRN, Leppercorn, radio. I don't think anybody here wants to hire a Leppercorn. The killer, the Leppercorn, Ed, I've always told you that stuff. Yeah, right? Right, right. I'll pick up all your checks and how it went. That's why you're upset. He's gone now. You got a paper on. That's unfortunate for true. Oh, yeah. Is it true? No. Wow. Oh, is that? I don't know. Weird, wouldn't it? What a call. I've never heard call. What was that? I don't have any idea. I went to a tape of some kind of very king, right? Always Larry King? Very king. Was it? Somebody was talking to him about checks and howly what? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Ah, ah, ah, ah. I guess. Hmm. Well, my throat is a bit too tough. Is there, like, grounds to sue for that, like air pollution or something? Yeah. It's out, all right? Hmm. Yeah, but the melody lingers on. Miami. Miami? Yeah, now. Yeah. I don't see this with that. Are we going to see if I can put them in the folks here? What? What? But you, I think you made a little hypocritical mistake today. Okay, excuse me. Let's straighten me out soon. I think you got Steve Kane, Findra. What's that? Uh, we have three calls today that I've got on here that I've heard you today. You said, um, did you got on there? Well, what you'd take your own bill with? Bear with me here, bear with? Yeah. Ah, this is the, uh, supposed to call from New York. Yeah. You know, Steve's been getting the calls about, uh, hanging up on a sand. Yeah. Well, you got three of them today. It's three or one. Well, you can hang up on them. Yeah, because they were all losing. We're doing this, right? You know what? What? Just like this call. Well, that's going to do it for this show. What did Nick do leave? Oh, there he is. What an hour. Yeah. All right. You can compare this one to the first one. Okay. I'm putting a sample pump in my throat to see if I can clear this, uh, a smoke up and then we'll come back to the big one of two hours. Steve today, this is not a joke. It's for real. That's the part that's frightening. Women with tattoos, deep convince of several gullible young ladies to be tattooed on the air. And that's coming up in two. So, covering yourselves accordingly. It's the water to the water. Well, I'll tell you what thing. Everything's straight now. Now, little Tommy Deniburg was in here during the break. We had nice little chat and, you know, once you've had a chat with Tom, not seriously. Everything kind of comes back in a perspective. You know, you get a better focus on things. You know what I'm saying? I'm still, I'm still like my, just all torn up from that cigar. I thought, I had a little piece of celery that went down to a wrong thing, you know, and I came back. No problem. And I thought fine. My coughing spasm is going to be over. And then I'm sitting here. I'm choking and coughing. Am I throat now, is all torn up. And I realize it's that disgusting, and it's disgusting. I was doing that for Steve's benefit. Man, glory ought to kick your ass out of the house. You ought to make you sleep in the van. I'm serious. That is disgusting. You don't even get in the van. Yeah. Oh, that's unusual. What are you saying? I don't know. I can't clear his throat long enough to speak. Unlike Jay Michaels. My phone. I thought we were going to have a good time. Jay Michaels. My phone. I thought we already did mush moth. Didn't we? Was it on? Hello. Hello. Is this mush moth? Yeah. Oh, how are you doing? Very good. What's going on, mush? That mush, huh? You think it out? Yeah. Well, I put it away because people are starting to talk. You know what I'm saying? Hey. Yeah. That's it. You know that guy's favorite? Yeah. Why does he keep calling here? Why does he keep calling here? Why? Why? Oh, you mean the show? Yeah. I don't know because he's just a pain in the brain man. He doesn't take no for an answer. He's a good guy, but once a year it would be plenty. That's that. What? I don't want that. Hey, man. I don't take. One-oh-wait. It's W-I-O-D. That's Fabian's little buddy there who's now making the call for him. And, uh, well, I hope you guys have a good time today, okay? Who's paying? But don't forget after the blisters start to rise, it gets pretty painful. That's Fabian's for that. That's who is, Fabian Jr. Now he's a chronic regular. Now he's got his buddy calling and Fabian's there in the background getting, uh, your Rodic excitement. Jupiter, hello. Meal. Yeah. Hey, I just wanted to say I really enjoyed show the left cups of weeks though. Yeah, bet. Since you put the bird brain back in his cage, uh, if he would only call in six or three days, I think we'd be in good shape. Well, we tried to send him home early or after all, I had sports talk, but he just didn't get the hint. You know how insecure he is. He's afraid if he leaves one day, he'll never come back. I know. Remember the number of that poem? Oh, remember the Lou Gehrig story, Wally, let me your glove. Remember that? Yeah. Hey, how are you doing? You know, I know. That's way before my turn. Yeah, but you've heard about it. Oh, yeah. You know, a game is lovely. Never came back and Gehrig played what, 1320 games in a row or something like that. It's a great job. Or 1230, I don't know. Well, I've got a question. I don't know. How can you camp behind us for once? You big fanfare. Um, I think you got all hot and bothered when Terry Bradshaw wanted to get his hand on hands under someone else. Well, okay. You got me. You got me with my hands done. There's no question about it. I was jealous. Yeah. I was jealous. I've always been into those, like, what's the guys name it? Does it games with him on CBS? What's that guy name for? A Bernlancoy's man. He's my type. Yeah. Anyway, I thought he was, you know, he's been to the dark whole career. And I thought he was good at it, but he could also play football. Well, there's no question about it. But without Terry handwriting is advice, he didn't know what planet he was on, okay? Yeah. You think I made that up? Do you remember, did you ever watch the Steelers games when he was playing? Yeah, he was reckless. Man, he was great. No, but I mean, he would, at the most inexplicable time, he would call time out. And even like Chuck Noah would start hyperventilating. And he'd go over and he'd say to Terry handwriting, what quarter is it? Where am I? And what's the score? And what's the deal with him? Huh? Super cold. And he would train the score. That's a good point. That's a good point. Chuck knows how to, guys. He never called, he'd graduate Melblund or, uh, what's his name, Bradshaw? Why don't you believe you were pretty excited about him? Why? His performance was psychotic. Well, I don't know. We go. Remember that from Zeta? We haven't heard that expression. Remember that? Yeah. I'm really impressed. Only person in the world, Juha, Juha, I can't even say it. Juha and I went up to come up with an expression like that. I am impressed with these colors. Yeah. We go through the whole call and then at the end, we have to come back to the same usual homophobic problem that this guy's got. His penis and v. syndrome. He like I said on Friday, you know, I've heard enough of that craps. We're enough of that craps already. When we were on wins, we'd accept for a few of Stan's listeners. We almost heard none of that craps because that's old news, okay? Because the listeners were withered enough that it wasn't like a major shock to their system and they didn't have to keep protesting so much. You know what I'm saying? Like people had protested all the time. I don't want to mention anybody specific. Do you know what I'm talking about? Like maybe just south of here, for example. But, and then on Zeta we had very little. But since we come to WID, it gets because this is so much the, it's so much the sports and macho and juxtaposition. You think that could be it? Because if you don't, if you don't come to work in a juxtaposition, but WID, they start talking about you at the water cooler. I'm telling you, even though women were juxtaposition. I'm serious. I can't believe I'm here. It's so weird. And that's why some of them have to go into early retirement because the crew ex-build here is just incredible. And it starts chafing and itching at its nightmare. Well, it's going to break. Well, you guys out there that it got like this penis envy syndrome. I really, it's just pathetic. Okay, leaky's got a wife. Great. That proves a lot, okay? I know a lot of guy that got a wife. Didn't they have a wife too? I don't want to mention it. A lot is guy up in a cavewood David Cassidy for about a week. Anyway, it's 12 in it's after you want a WID. Are we, which hour am I in here? Kind of lost city. Or we. Yeah. Let's call it Terry Hatred. And get some advice, okay? Or at the very least, let's call up Rick Siderman and see if he can give us a tip. Let's hope not. Hey attention, Carol, and I want to tell you about low jack right now. And you know by now, if they steal your car, you're probably never going to see it again. Seriously? That's not a special proof. We have an open line in date. If you really want to rush to it, I can't imagine why you would. 751 Wild and one in Palm Beach, 655 Wild. Stan has just, his people are really, come storming to the phone. Have a day? What do we have? Two? What was Barvey, two? Well, and one of them was Paul Harvey Jr. We wish he'd never call it, yeah. David. Hello Neil. Yeah. You don't have access to DSP in there, do you? They got that senior special Olympics on. Oh, I can't wait. This is a double-haw. You're the right one. Okay. Everywhere. By the way, I got a happy, firm can, dull from the old long time ago. Well, that's great. Don't let the work get out there. Last time, I get very upset and be jealous, okay? Yeah, I only light it when I have sex. I only burned it twice until the years. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You know, well, I think there's other sisters or whatever. Hello. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. You got the Neil Rogers to see. You know, you know, I'm just leaving him hang out there and he's got nothing to say. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Right from B.D.B. Like I said, Mike, one 15 in WIOD. In the great that we're hearing from a lot of these Zeta collars that we were praying we never hear from again. We're hoping they wouldn't find us. I brought all that out. Oh, what? A little Zeta coll. You have a leave it. Yeah, you really are my years on Zeta. This really made this show into something that they only wish I could say. Well, I do. Why do we couldn't follow the last hour? There's nothing we could do to follow the first hour. First hour was great. Yeah, I know. Well, it's a nice thing. Maybe that metspan will call back. Yeah, come on, pal. Call back. Oh, maybe you've mellowed a little bit. Somebody have fallen in this morning and tell us what is the right thing. Oh, wait. I think he is called in. Come on. Now, don't chicken out, pal. You can do it. 278 WIOD and Bokendell Ray. Although he knew the number automatically. Bokah. Come on. Now, nice try. I'm going to answer that line. Cool. Can you say anything good or positive about New York City? No. Nothing at all. No. Palm Beach 655 WIOD. Good. Wait, here we go. Hello. Bokah. Here. Yeah. What's happened? Who's this? Bokah. Yeah, but you're not the guy that called this morning, are you? I'm a bad hater, not a bad hater. Oh, great. Oh, good. Let's spend 20 or 30 minutes together and the chew the fan. All right. I just want to tell you that they got robbed yesterday. Could it be great to stay with the plate? Yeah. I don't know. I think that's kind of paid off on that day. I don't know if I leave now. I can be like all that trash. Well, hey, listen, nobody's stopping you. I'm about to say. I think about it in the Berksery. He's going home for the day. Ha ha ha ha ha. He's a 10-man-dewater weekend. I didn't watch. I know it's. Now he's too. Can't figure out what the guy was doing. Did it go like that? Huh? Get it where it's the baseball hat. You ought to stay with him. I wouldn't want you. That's what happens when tennis players start wearing baseball caps. Yeah, he wears a hat and things too. His name is one. Pew. Pew. You know what he's talking about? What does that mean? I don't know. That's his name. I was watching the end of his honor. Pew? Yeah. Sir, I think you've been watching too much ESPN. No, no. I watched some five minutes of it. Yeah. But as much as ten seconds ahead of him. Great. But as far as, you know, that couple hanging there. They're going tonight. Whatever you say, sir. All right. Have a wonderful life. And thanks for your very important contribution to the show today. Oh, wonderful. You should all play his time. You can do anything that you want to know about. What's wrong with this town? You could have heard on this show today. Okay? Anything at everything that's wrong with this town. I'd like to get some information on yourself from Anderson. Ha ha ha ha. Why about to find out a little bit of bonters. I have a nice little light. I have a nice little light. I have a nice little light. I have a nice little light. I have no light. Here she is an anchor on the CBS. I have no light. A disaster. Television state. I have no light of their own program. See, you know the thing that's exciting about Channel 6 is they still don't have a local news cut in during their morning trade. I know. And you believe that. I mean, here's the CBS on an operated TV station. And they don't have a wall. You know, it was Larry Wallenstein's shame on. You know, it's the same in Vegas. CBS. And even if you did have a cut in there, shame on you anyway. They carried that same thing. One 19 at WiodD and I can't wait to hear he has ladies and gentlemen. He's still foaming at the mouth. Yeah, I have no light. There he is. You have the difference between you and the. Wait, wait a minute. Before you start throwing the cheap shots and show us all of your IQ. You know, the amazing part of it. It's 20 after one. It's like three hours every college. After you call the first time. And you're still on the line. Yes, we're out there. You're show. Yeah, I know. All right, let listen. Are you wearing a jog strap now? Of course. Okay. Because if you weren't, I couldn't speak to you. I know. Because I got to make her up. I got to make her up to the bushness level. Here at WiodD, the show is never going to fly in the station. But you are. That's pretty sure. Not only that, it's a blue Metz jog strap. Yeah. How do you like that? I got the white good picture on that. Yeah. And it's it's autographed by Kevin McRep. That's the second time I had a dump him today. Okay. Hold on. Hold on, sir. I don't trust you either. Boy, is there any doubt why he's not on a year anymore? That was the most disgusting thing I've ever heard in my life. I like to. Yeah, great. You would. God. We're going to make him work. Jocstra, full of his mouth. Are you still holding there sir? I don't have you on the air yet. I want to see that little lie. I'm not trusting anybody. I can't believe you took that off the air. What's wrong with you? What was wrong with you? I don't say it again. It's almost as bad as what you do with that restaurant before. Boy, you're a judgment. Yeah, one thing about Stan. You can't complain about his judgment because he doesn't have any. God. Okay. Where is this guy? He said, well, what is that thing ever going to come back on again? Man, this is the most ponderous system that they devised. They got a new thing here with the dump button and you have to sit well. That was real good. Are you there? I'm still here like thing. I'm not taking any of the answers. I'm going to make you a room. Where would this guy? All right. So what do you want? Well, nothing. I just just. You mean, you're time, the other way. If you understand, I never let anybody call twice in the same day. Give it to the fourth time I've been on the show today. No. Yeah, remember to poke the coffee by Amy. We'll go to the DM. Yeah. That would be. Anyway, Neil, you have the difference. All right. So, in other words, obviously, the bottom line is. I have no life. Yeah. You got it. No, I have no job. That's what I did. I wonder why. Can't imagine why. Oh, I think with a great personality and a sense of humor like yours, I think everybody got to be prong at your doorstep. Why? The difference between you and Devio is just five pounds of one chest ass. Yeah, that's cute. Yeah. That was good. How long did you work on that? Three hours? I believe it. Well, keep working on it for another three. Something might happen. So, you're all in your case, I doubt it. I did too. Okay. Okay. All right. See ya. What a jackass. Twenty-two after one. We're going to stop taking calls on that vocal line. First thing else to call on the other, but at least they don't have to pay for it. Use a real need. No, I'm serious. In fact, I'm taking a vocal line off the, like we used to do it in the sideline. I won't talk. Boca is a loser on the show. Sure. They could say, a lot of money if they get rid of that vocal line. We get more morons in Boca. You said that for nine months. It's true. I mean, on the West Palm line, that's a line that kind of like other people use from out of town and stuff. Mm-hmm. But the vocal line's here's no purpose whatsoever. They're nothing but a bunch of lame brain idiots and assholes in Boca. Okay. Trust me. Except for Dion. What is that? Is he still on there? It's the recording. Oh. You want to get that line to braward? We have a tough time getting through it. Yeah, let's have another braward line. Okay. Yeah, like I really got a lot to say about it. Braward? Hi. How you doing? Great. Do you think you need another line in braward? Uh, no. I don't. Okay. I'd like to say hello to Neil. To the bird and also to Sam Major. Well, isn't that wonderful? And I've got two questions for you, Neil, and two for Sam. Mm-hmm. See, you're, what kind of car will you drive in Chicago when you're like this? I'm not going into it on the air because there's very possibly going to be a suit. And I don't want to discuss it on the air. Okay. And also my husband's thinking about going into radio. You think he's going to? No, no man. No. No. Okay. Right now you will leave him and sue him's pants off and take him for everything he's got. Tell him, don't do it. Okay. Is Sam there? Yes, man. Sam? Yes, man. Wait a minute. How long is this thing going to go on beeping here? Oh, there it is. Okay. Okay. Sam, hi. Hey, don't. Okay. How's your wife, Lori, and your son Chris for doing? Oh, geez. I just want to ask the person. They're doing great. And also I heard that you're buying a radio station. I'm buying a radio station. I'm buying a radio station. Yeah, and I'm moving to plantation acres to, okay. For a more bad rumors in this town, I bet you Dennis restarted all of these. Yeah. Then it's just that I'd ask. He was working on it. He was working on it. What do you mean through the grapevine? Who told you these idiotic lies? Well, we hear from here and there. I'm going to reveal my report. Well, listen, it's so good. I keep the mistake or two if I were you. Don't worry. Don't worry. You're resources. No. No, you got me to go here. Doc, you got the money. I'll do it. Oh. I might be. No. I'll do. Why keep these? They're just turning. Go ahead. Make it span. Oh, they're real. Yeah. They're listening to you all the time. They don't have a life. I want to know why. It's 120 hard WIO. They have an open line in Broward where Miss Muffett just hung up at five to four. I do believe that. I don't know. She wants to know why. Love the quies. Hmm. Hmm. Well, listen, I'm going on vacation tomorrow. I wonder how I could go to Vegas tonight. I could leave the sea because you're right. What time of day do you leave? 11. 15 in the morning. Oh, and the morning. Hmm. But that was a weekend. Yeah. No, I bet you're going to get a flight late this afternoon. Sure. This was a bad deal. And nobody, nobody asked me to do what I guess. I just figured I needed to be here this week. I don't think anything is going to go on. Did I need to be here? Really? Are you kidding? Yeah. This is not really done. And I should have gone because this day today. I wouldn't wish this day on. I can't. I'm trying to think of anybody. Yeah, keep thinking about what would be going on here if you weren't here. I just can't. Of course there's no way to know, but I just feel you having other swimsuit, sure. Yeah. Like I said, I think I'm going to. My amy. Yeah, now. Yeah. There's a 730 flight for Vegas tonight. Just wait. Yeah. Good. I get to the bank by 230. That's good. Yeah. What I call was, and then I got into Rutte dea. Another thing too on your lawsuit. You have to go against the manufacturer. That's the company. Yeah. The vehicle manufacturer. Right. Now, I was part of what you asked week. I was up in, but the business friend of mine moved out of downtown Miami. You know where. And I went up there on how long they'll be. Full of odd lands week. And that was an experience. Yeah. Like everything you ever said about a cave rang a bell and came true. At the end of my session with the fight that it is just another one. 26 after one at WIOD. We have an open line in date 751 9463. I don't think I punched that as off now. I think in the same thing we got a lot of good use of stuff. Yeah. But yeah, good that we got this new thing. My son and his two. We're getting in. I've twice on major already. For no reason at all. For very good reason both times. Oh. Let's explain what I said. No, let's not. No, let's not. I'll stick around on King's show. That would be good. I'd listen to that. And you could get a little tattoo there. I'll look really splashing on you too. Right where you stick that big cigar. Sure. Anyway, we want to tell you about shells right now. While the delay is building back up. South Florida's favorite restaurant for the best shellfish anywhere. Now they are serving that delicious, mouthwatering fresh, charg-filled fish that we've been telling you about for the past two or three weeks. And it is sensational. The best and the freshest fish in South Florida. And it's also some of the most affordable when you go to shells. For example, they're serving three quarter pound portions of fresh dolphin. Only 7.95 and three quarter pound portions of yellowfin tuna or a sort fish for only nine. 95. So take the whole gang out tonight for a real seafood feast at one of the five. South Florida shells restaurants. They're open every night of the week beginning at five p.m. And you'll find shells in coconut creek on coconut creek parkway at Lions Roan. This is Maniardream's Mike Ranieri. To Miami, doff in 89 season is about to begin. That means you'll soon hear plenty of analysis, speculation, rumors. And general baloney about the team seems like unless you personally ask the coach he just can't get the straight story. So each morning after the game, again this year we'll be chatting with coach Don Tula on our program. No, baloney. Join Mike Ranieri at Coach Don Tula the morning after each game at 7.25. Beginning August 15 on South Florida's dolphin station, 6.10 WIOD. Oh, well, I want to tell you something. If you think what's been on here. I'm listening to a conversation here that would make you immediately blow your brains out about popcorn. I don't know what to have your talking about. The guy from the N.A.K. Kim, coach, both from Dallas, got involved in this popcorn venture with this guy and the guy tried to blow his brains out. I mean, what's the big deal? The guy got loose on the Hollywood studio lot with a gun. Over popcorn, over popcorn. Yeah, yeah. Cuse, Kurt, you're all so indistinct. Hmm. Okay, what do you say we really take some great calls, some nifty calls in his last half hour today? Miami, hello. Yes, yeah. Yeah. Well, that's great. I'll listen. I know your reactions to being named me dead at the month in post time. Oh, sure. We don't, we don't wouldn't dignify that rag by discussing it on here. That's been going on for two years. Okay. And he's got nothing better to write about. Nobody reads it anyway. Three, five. What? No, I didn't see. Let me say it again. It goes on every month for two years. Okay. Are you following me? Consider the source. Okay. We're not going to be at tonight. We want to call my friend here at this bad. Okay. Great calls, sir. I think you need to get the buzzer off. Cuzz this. Buzz on. One thirty one at WIOD. Miami. Hello. Good afternoon. We have a trifecta there today. Yeah. That's all I know. It's been real trying for me. I'll tell you that. I really feel sorry for you today. About what? I'm going through an apocalyptic state there. Yeah. It's called Florida. That's true. I agree with you. I'd like to thank you for making a comment about Bill Holderbeam on radio. Because otherwise, I wouldn't have known to punch him up today. Well, that's great. Did Larry send this over on the facts? I don't know who this is from. Who got three. I know it's the pages kind of float. This is all this. I got a try. So I'm allowed to read this. No, I got this from this guy. You have read it. Quietly to yourself. Why would we show it? We got a good fake voice here online. Hey, man. Just from LA. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Nail. Yeah. I'm a first time caller. Well, good for you. Yeah, and I'm a truck driver. Uh-huh. And I used the radio while I'm driving. And I usually had the listening to music. Yeah. The funny part is I gave in a truck repair. And when I got the truck back, it was on WIO Day on your station. Wasn't it a lucky break? It was. Because I've been listening to you ever ever since. Yeah. And even when you get somebody's stupid calls, it's still interesting. Oh, it's even more interesting that it was a great show. And despite of the fact that we had about a half of it, us and people try to ruin it. They made it better. Great. But the important thing is I know how much you love to eat. And when you've been talking about these restaurants and how good they are, I've tried most of them. Wings and things shells. No, wings plus. Wings plus. It's our wings plus. And when I went, what did go to a special dinner? I went to the melting pot. Right. Because I live in sunrise and brown. Believe me, it is everything you said it was. And then some my wife was so surprised that I took her there. I'd never been in the restaurant enjoyed it and told the people why were we there. Great. And they, they really appreciated it. I thought you'd like to know about it. Okay. I enjoyed it. You had a good that Steve Stone and there. How you doing Steve? How are you going to get back in time to the pubs game tonight? Isn't that Steve Stone? Say hi to Harry. Tell him it was a blast meeting him. Okay. Let's go to the wrong one there. Let's try Miami. Hey, Neil, how are we going? Terrific man. I mean, I was like, wait a minute. How long have you been listening to this sir? How long? All day. And would you on a scale of one to two? This show, would you agree that this has been a show of a lifetime? This has definitely been more than lifetime. You know what? Yeah, it seems to me like too like that. So much, I don't deserve to listen to it anymore. You're right. I'm sure a lot of people aren't feeling the same way at this point. Now, I've got something I've got to say and I've got to get this off my chest. I can't believe Steve Stone is here in a studio. That's incredible. Steve nice to see you. Hey, hello. Good broadcaster. It's right. Say hi to David Shigerman. I thank God you remembered. You got a better memory than I do. Now listen, I have something to say. I got to get this off my chest. Okay. Burn. You've got to rise up. You better get your act straight. We're tired of hearing your pounding. Excited. Let him have this sir. Let him have. It's all American. You're probably behind the guy who wants to burn the flag. That's correct. You have got to get into the wall. Yeah. And what this baseball had to do with throwing a flag. I want to tell you something sir. President Bush was at the Rangers Orioles game just the other night on Friday night. And we are considering asking the president to pass a constitutional amendment, which would prohibit anyone from not following baseball. That's right. It should be because. And as far as his his his taste in actresses, I'll tell you something. Sir don't use sir. Well, don't use that expression. It's like oral sex. Oh, I'm sorry. oral sex, which is the only thing people are doing on this. That woman is about as talented as your thumb. Okay. She has she can't act your way out of a paper bag. All right. So take your baby case and your national inquire and your globe and everything else and watch a baseball game. No. No. Now what do you say? I mean, it's the meal Roger show. It's not the Glenn Hill show. When you have your own show, you can hang up on non-based ball on on on on. Let's say what sir, when you have your own show, you can talk about anything you want. Well, I'm on my own show. I am listening to the Neil Rogers show. Uh-huh. And Neil Rogers is a baseball fan. He's a great American because of it. Oh, he does root for the cubs. I'm not knocking the cubs. It's just that's not my team. Boy, I'm impressed with this guy. I got my villain thing. Sir, I have my villain white Chicago cubs. Jock strap on today is matter. I want you to know that. Okay. Personally autographed by Mark Grace. Neil, there are some young man. And Greg Madden. Do it this. What's that? I'm admitting on the air. I'm the Ankeef. Oh, well, we don't want to talk to any more. It's very impressed by it. Boy, he was the one. He was the one. He was the one. He was right up at Gillian. He was on the line. He admitted to Big Eanky fan. That's too embarrassing for anybody. Okay. 148 at W.I.O.D. Pompano. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Did you catch Chuck Myers morning show this weekend? No. All right. It was a great show. I bet it was. I've got a wacky sense of humor. He's terrific, isn't he? Yeah. You ought to stick to news. You're not in the bird on Kathleen Sullivan. That's body in that word news. What are you talking about Kathleen Sullivan is a pin. She looks like she just been crying for 40 hours. Every time she comes on the air. She's disgusting. The gray hair. She's the most wasted away looking thing. I've actually looked like she's got consumption or something. She needs to die her hair. She needs to die something. Maybe just die period, okay? And I think, because she's ever abandoned. The most bitch thing to come along to understand this. Okay. Well, now we're getting into the bottom of this. Okay. Have a great day. What? What? Why you're ahead? I don't want to hear about all these people that are watching their TV sets to get their jolly's that have such empty pathetic, putrid lives, okay? That have to sit there on the edge of their seats. Your wrong. With their hands in their pockets. Okay. Jay is getting alive. I'm not wrong. That's not why I'm watching. They held your nut. It's pathetic. And that's why you fit right in with all of Steve's listeners. You're on the wrong show. You could be on with Steve. You could relate to all those desperate undersecks over hormone guys who call it. Who look at you, sir? You and Stan and Steve, you could have a three-man show. Do I really do it right there? Or maybe one-half. No, I'm talking about those colors. A two-and-a-half-man show. Here's a mobile phone and broward. Hello. Now I feel like just the beginning of the show again. I'm getting worked up to a frenzy. Yes. Hello. Yes. Okay. What do you think of the cup? Yeah, I'd hear you witty it. What a call. I don't think of the cup. I don't think of the cup. I'm impressed with these baseball fans. No, he wasn't a real intellectual. Like the guy that was breeding heavy about jazel McKenzie with their violin or stratavarius. Miami. Hello. Yes. Yes. Could you please tell me half and I just, you pick you up clear in Orlando in Kissimmee. Because I've been you're noticing you. Okay. There's only one way for that to happen. And I'm going to do it right after the show today. I'm going to move our tower closer to your house. Okay. We'll now be better like Kissimmee. Okay. So like in other words, if we move right on the lake, would that be good for you? No. I've been listening to you since the early 70s. Right. And we just moved up there about. Well, that's interesting. The early 70s. Where? Here in Miami. Well, that's amazing. Because I came here in 76. Well, you must have been ahead of your time. I feel kind of the early 70s. Isn't it? Mm-hmm. And I really miss your show very much. And it's kind of come. You don't have to worry about it. It's so aesthetically. Okay. It's awful. It's so bad. It's embarrassing. I get it better on the radio. You could probably pick up Bob Lassi to there if he were still in Tampa. She could as a matter of yeah. But he's not there anymore. Well, there's some kind of a talk show that comes out of Orlando in the afternoon. Yeah, it's called Redneck Right Wing. That's what it's called. Very dull. Mm-hmm. And something happens to the radio. But they do have a big sheet sale on their Friday show just in time for the meetings on a weekend. Well, I'm calling because I heard these fellows calling you from Orlando. And they've great to see. They've got the good work with Harry. Go get those cups tonight. I mean, those are exposed. He did. And he looked like Steve Stone. I'm asking. Yeah, you know what Steve Stone looks like. No. I'm sitting in here with such a bunch of dummies, man. It's good you can't hear the show. I'd be embarrassed if you could hear what's going on. I'm surrounded by ignorance. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. And I'll bring these suggestions for I know. The only suggestion is to move. Okay. I want to live up there with a bunch of Yahoo Rednecks for in Kiss Simeon. I just sent it. I just sent it. I'm like the armpit of the universe, okay? Yes, I only reason that that town exists is to make this one look good. That's the truth. And then they want to put Disney World, okay? It's Disney World. It's still a course. It really is. The only thing that's nice about it is the green grass and the cow pass. That's what Tom Jones said. Yeah. The green grass of home. Well, I'd say great hearing from you. Give us a call once in a while. I'll keep you in touch with reality. Okay? I'm not by. Are you going to be okay now? No, because you didn't tell me what I'm saying. I don't. There's no answer. There's nothing I can do. I mean, you want me to make something up? I know. I thought there was some kind of a wire or something I could buy for our race. Well, I tell you. Just stick your finger in the back of the radio and keep it there. And we'll see what happens, okay? 153. What does he want me to tell her some crazy thing? What does she want? There's no answer. And you people today are just incredible. All right. He glad you didn't go on vacation. Oh, I hate this. Who the hell would want to be on a beaches of Hawaii right now? Looking at all of it. See now on the beaches of Hawaii. I know this comes as a shock, but the people you see are like not on a TV screen. They're like real. You could almost reach out and touch them. You know what I'm saying? Almost. Well, did I see the information on Giselle? Oh, well. When you stop, I'm sick and tired. No wonder the most negative comment I've gotten when I was on vacation was about that horrendous that disgusting embarrassing bathing suit show. And it was all majors doing. He's the one that manipulated that and orchestrated it. They were all real though. We got a shot shot shot shot. When I did touch them, that's what I heard. Now, I heard exactly the office. And I wonder what was boyfriend is just foaming it the mouth. He's going to turn you into Gello. Miami. They are. Great. I just wanted to thank you for reforming me. I used to be a chronic gambler. And I finally enjoyed a series. I'm a meds fan by my wife. Yeah. Well, congratulations on a great week. Without gambling and I did have fun. Well, quit listening to Hank Goldberg. Even though he is my best friend, he's got a gambling problem. And he promotes with your promote. He propel what? When you're fat, you're gamble. Oh, like I say, Hank and I have been promoting this gambling for a long time. And it's long overdue that we cut it out. Yeah, this is true. Hey, if I had a bet on every cubs game or any cubs game, it would tear my kishki's out. Oh, I hear this. Yeah. Okay. I hate fans. Yeah. Okay. Bye. Boy. Oh, man. See, he started out like he was going to be reasonable. And he just another one of Stan's morons. Okay. Plantation. Hi. I have a question I want to ask. Okay. Well, I'm talking about all these TV women and how their bodies are sexing and all that. But you won't let Stan talk about Don Johnson's penis. Maybe the rest of us want to know about it. Can I ask you? Can I ask you an honest question? Do you really, do you really want to know about Don Johnson's penis? Why not? It's on TV. They had a big, well, a small story. Oh, is that so? On TV. Boy, I was just, don't you remember Barbara Strasinger sent him to the rap eye for a brist? Don't you remember then? Don't you remember? Yeah. And he said no way, who's he? Well, it's just that you guys are sitting there talking about Jiselle and all these. No, not you guys. Stan and the bird. Okay. You are upset. You have such empty vacuous life. Yeah. Anyway, if you're going to talk about these sexy women on TV, you might have put something in there about the sexy man. Who's this show for you guys around? It's for Neil. Yeah. Well. It's his show. We're just getting a little equal time once in a while. Okay. Well, maybe some of us are here. I want to hear about Don Johnson too. Okay. Well, it's funny that you should mention that because just tomorrow, we have a Wild special on John Hamburg's penis. Okay. I don't care about him. Well, I'm sorry, but we can only handle one at a time. Okay. Have a great day. You too. God, I don't understand what's going on. I don't know. I didn't drive off the road. He's listening. He's handling it. I mean. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Wait a minute. This is the intern who's getting tattooed. No, don't do it. Are you really getting tattooed? You do have any tattoos now? Don't do it. I beg you. No. Not a little one. Okay. That's another thing on Steve's show. Speaking of what we were talking about moments ago. I mean, miniscule. No. Don't do it. You can't get it off. Okay. Once they put it on there and you'll look at it. And it'll, you'll say, this is haluscious. Here she go. What? On your, it doesn't make any difference where it is. It's like a permanent, uh, what would you call it? Permanent thing. Thing. Yeah. Like a thing. You don't want to have a permanent thing. Okay. Trust me. There's, if having a temporary thing, maybe, okay. But don't do it. Why are you letting him suck you into this? Is there some reason? It wasn't your idea. Oh, it is your idea. It's Steve. Oh, it's you. He's just a, an old jumper, vodka tour for Steve. That's all. He goes around Steve could do anything. He'd, he'll have you drink in urine by the gallows. I'm serious with the urine lady. Trust me. Don't do it. And when he has the BM doctor on next week, God only knows what you're going to be doing. Don't do it. Please. I beg you. Okay. She's going to do it. She's going to have to on the cane show today. Good work. Honoring ankle. Just a little one she said. I don't like them. Oh, God. That's what Don Johnson said to us. Just a little one on his ankle. Which I guess is why Barbara got sick and tired of the whole deal. Okay. Anyway, that's the topic. I know it's almost, even for Steve. It's almost too bizarre to be true. But it is women with tattoos. Or if I hear, if I hear guys calling in on that show, and I will be monitoring part of it. Okay. Talking about how sexy tattoos are. I'm going to barf all that great lunch that we had all over my beautiful Corvette. Okay. I am. Can you explain them attractive? No. Oh. Can you? No. It turned me off. Oh, gross. Oh, there are tons of. There are tons of. They're like some kind of a butcher. It's an M. Horendus grotesque. Things worse than that. Even worse. Indescribable. Yeah. So that's the cane show today. Another one of those appetizing shows. Steve convinces several. It says you're gullible young ladies to be tattooed in the air. Oh God. And then of course, the speaking of tattooed, Joe Zagaki on sports talk tonight at 6.0. Probably a lot of Yankee talk. You know how that sports talk goes. Lot of golf. God. Dolf and talk tonight. Oh, dolphins. That's whatever we'll be. And with the big cup's Montreal series starting tonight, it really feels that A to clock Eastern time. We probably won't get too much about that. But we will get Yankee baseball again tonight for you, New Yorkers, or really want to get P.O.D. The Indians are going to pound the crap out of the Yankee starting at 7.30. Exclusively on W.I.D. We certainly thanks Stan for ruining the show today. We're doing his utmost to hold up his end. And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10. Here on 6.10 W.I.D.