Wow, look at Bungis got here from Sam's doll. We got filetman yarn shrimp and scallops today Boy, that is incredible. Ties style. Yeah, this is a little appetizer here. I'm going to read for D on the show We're gonna ain't napkins. Yeah, of course for the silly question 1053 a WOD. I'm leary at these mobile's because they're probably all Disgruddled valley porters from the track. Hello Hey now. Yeah, this mobile's perfect condition here Did you come in great great listen now who's not is Nick on the board today? Not yet Rogers and they're gonna rip Roger now I'm calling the city of these nice guy. Yes, he is I tell you very very very play to me Mm-hmm and then I just want to ask you over by where you live I'm off a query they opened up a new to the open up a new Italian restaurant in their complex for you shop at Windixie where the dark lady bothers you Is there a new restaurant in their complex by windixie? There are publics on clearery not a windin. That publics. Yeah, no, I don't there's a restaurant on a corner of that place I don't know what the name of it is I haven't tried it. It's not Italian. It's called I can't think of it everybody says it's really good, but I haven't tried it Okay, because I was just curious but I don't know about any Italian restaurant over there But there are new things open in and they're all of time It's a new shot strip shopping center Pardon South Florida, you know our area here because I live over in in very what's the friend of mine or coming in from New York? What's the best Italian restaurant to bring somebody? Lot of Tabernet in Up in Tamarack by on a McNabbro by far and away the best best. Okay Hi there's the windide. The youngest in Thomas best friend Tony said hi. Okay. All right now. See you Tony. Bye 1054 a WIOD you got another mobile in on a Palm Beach line. Hello. Hey. Yeah. I was going great See I what the one to ask was What do you guys eat on here? Incoherent Yeah, now we don't have to do the EBS test. Thank you, sir. You did nice public service there Tackies It is I thought tackies was a gay bar on Broward Boulevard O'Cackies with a K. I'm sorry Kackies. Yeah, that's right. Is it good? Oh, he hasn't been there but he knows what it's called Anyway, I guess I'm gonna have to eat with two hands, which means we'll have to stick the mic back up on the thing You're not like doing that I get very insecure Very insecure it's like the old days like the good old days when we used to talk to people had an IQ over three boy I remember those days With fondness Hmm, well, the layman you're on here never heard anybody So great What the hell did you do today? Boony what crazy? Marco Polo I remember him Boy, I boon just went nuts today Look at his knees got all these plates and he's got eight million curry pops and all his Rice and vegetables and you think he was gonna feed both Chinese armies here today wouldn't you? Wow, yeah, they probably could use the help right now anyway. This is the time I know it's early. It's not 11 o'clock yet, but now is the time if there are people in the building wants some of this Great pie chow This is the time to do it because otherwise it's gonna go to waste and we're gonna have to throw it out and it's gonna be just a depress Okay, Miami. Hello, yeah It's Kittor for Miami. I got a hot pick for you on the race today at the sixth the try-factor pick Mm-hmm good luck to you sir. We're not taking anymore touts at the track. Okay, every one of them has been a disaster Haven't they? Mm-hmm every time we're gonna even Henry's having a little curry pop It's the first thing I've ever seen him touch that you couldn't drink Yeah, mash it up. Boca. Yes, uh Neil Boca on a broward line. This must be a very important call. No, I made a mistake Are you doing great? I went to uh oh not listen. I can't eat all that boon. Thank you, but I don't listen. Don't do it Don't do it He's giving me another plus second plate of food here sir You're there and I'm sorry. I'm getting emotional. Okay. I went to a you to get a certain talk to your host and after noon there Comes on around the I don't know what time he comes on. He's got a certain Advertiser a restaurant La something I can't remember what it is and I went there a few weeks ago and 1057. Oh See I'm not gonna play that game if you want to play that game. It's juvenile and childish We'll do what a fun do plays only because it fits in it's a direct. Yeah, it's a very narrow kind of thing, right? I guess But I'm not gonna play that game so those are your jackasses out there that think you know if you want to do it on his show And he lets it go fine and then I'll just rip the crap out of him again tomorrow But I think it's embarrassing And then you know and the hypocrisy of it when Wayne's plus brought in that great food yesterday and he was just coming here practically begging on all Hands and knees and licking the table and sucking up the celery and the blue cheese and giving fat rich dirty looks because he didn't leave a few of those great garlic wings And then he's like you know throwing little size shot at him, okay? Speaking of shot. This is probably one for you. Hello. Hello. Yeah, bird No, what what are you doing? Up until now fine Birds want to know that for you and Neil We wouldn't be in shape. We run you guys every morning. Oh good. I also got a little spot of portfolio There he was on The morning zoo this morning. Terri Mary a minute. Oh, she's going out with the midday guy over there dug number I guess though. I guess so you mean she abandoned Zeta and went on a what is her story? She on all the morning Yeah, she no only Zeta's the only one she's ever done so she went on a competing morning show That she was there with Donna Summer. Oh, now what does this tell us is she going up against the classic army? No, no, this is shocking. Yeah, what a turncoat, huh? I want to know that we we basically you know Run every morning and live into you guys. Oh good. We we wouldn't be in the shape we're in today What are you guys? Okay? Well be sure you leave all your possessions at home because if somebody gets ripped off, it'll be your fault All right, you guys are a good day. You too. Oh, bye bye bye. Bye Okay, boy, boon just went to bonkers here today, you know, he just went crazy Anyway, we got Henry Burrow speaking of that standing by with the 11 o'clock Wild News We'll come back with our number two at 11. Oh five D on's gonna be stopping by for a little something from noon to one And Steve of course this afternoon from two to six with oil drilling and the Florida keys, okay? Yeah, I'm gonna go home and just listen to every word of that Aren't you Once I'm so close and get stronger Where are you? Little star Sweet little sweet little star I wonder where you are I'm a love of the class I've had to write down the stars And I'll have to know The princess is waiting at the scene Something morning I came to see for It's written on a star with one Who or not stars with one Well, ladies, ladies, gentlemen Do not know me now lately We've always Hello, this when I'm such a guitarit The writing night now comes from Folk That'sidad So that we walk This is not so bad. You're a candle back with a minute. So you can go back to the end of the day. You're a savior. Ben and Berg went the other way. Thank God. Anyway, that's a little... ...a little star. ...and the young from the old Frankie. That was Paul Simon. What interesting people are the old people. Daddy's Miss. What? Daddy's Miss. Bartlin. Keith Scott. Brian Adams on a drive-on-night. Paul Simon, Lou Reed. What do you want, Denon Berg? What is your story, little Tommy? What do you want? What do you want? Is Arnold coming later? Great. Because Deons supposed to be here round noon. We're going to make a video and play some of his music. And... ...deon groupie. All of Denon Berg's a Deon groupie. Well, that's good. You can come in and you can... ...just make a fool yourself while he's here. Same with that rich, okay? We showed up on Wednesday instead of Thursday this week. But then of course you realize Trappers Ali was coming with a big banquet tomorrow. So probably we'll have to come back tomorrow because wouldn't want to make us feel lonely on Thursday. Here's a collect call from New York. Hey. Yeah. New York. What's happening down there? All man, it's so exciting. You wouldn't believe it. We got riots in the streets and we got people giving away $500 bills. Holy cow, it's so... ...it sounds like the big opposite to doing that up here too. Yeah, similar crap. Except the weather sucks. Really? It's been raining there? It's raining. I've been here for five days. It's raining every day. But is it raining hard, sir? Everything's hard here, Neil. You know that? No, come on. Is it raining? No, it's not. That's a problem with New York. Is it raining hard? Good. Because I want that game to be rained out tonight. Oh, yes, yes. We don't want good in the half. Do we want good in the rotation to get all screwed up? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Neil. I have a spy report. I'm listening to Howard Stern up here. Okay. Yeah. Socks. I heard all this good reports about him. From who? You know, from the New Yorkers, of course. Yeah. You hear the good reports about the meds too from the New Yorkers, right? Right. Look at them. That's right. Listen. Bond Jovi and Sam Kennison blew him away today. Blue Howard Stern away today. They were supposed to be, it's a big joke. And this is what the whole show is about. They're supposed to be on the show today. And they just didn't show up. So that's what's going on up here. Not too much. Well, that's pretty exciting. I'll tell you that. Unbelievable. Howard will have to do an extra lesbian dilidate this week. I know. I called because I want to be your official New York spy up here. I need to get the bat line. I'm going to be away from Sunny South Florida for about six months. I want to call you. Let me get a question. Can I wait a minute. Sure. When you're con down him and it's stop screaming, it's not the lead followers show. Can I ask you a question? Yes, sir. Why do you need the bat line? Didn't you get right through here today? It was amazing. But you know what I did? I tried on the, uh, one of my on the, uh, you're on the vocal line. Bond beaches and lit even now. You can get through on either one of these anytime. Don't give me that crap above the bat line. I want to call you everywhere today. It's 12 o'clock to give you the word of the day. How's that? Great. You're going to be in New York for how long? Unfortunately, six months. Wow. When I come back there, you're going to see a lot of garbage coming going. Six months. I got a nice boat down there. I want to take out the W, W, I, O, D, staff. I just want to say in spite of the fact that it's taking up time from your call at the coconut milk soup that boom brock days the best ever. Is that right? It is incredible. And I hadn't put a little rice. He brought a whole thing a white rice today. Enough to feed the both Chinese armies. And this is tremendous today. This is Neil. The guys here, more. The office. I told them all about you. They want to say hello. We got John on the phone here. Is John on the phone? I ain't Neil. John, were those pictures we were supposed to see? What's going on, John? I don't know, but I hear you guys are funny down there. We are funny here. If we were up there, we wouldn't be too funny because we're not, you know, we just don't fit in with the vibes. We don't have a lot of garbage all around us. It's just one of those things, you know. Okay. Now, it's New York is right in it. Come on, John. For about five ten minutes, it's terrific. Yeah, that's about it. Yeah, when the sun comes on every couple of months, it's terrific. It's about 90 degrees sunny in human here, John, so we don't want to make your feel bad. Okay, and don't forget, better days are coming to the Yankees and the Met's both lost last night. We don't want you to feel bad. I'm not right. I'm not right. How about those nicks, huh? Yeah, that's good too. How about those islanders, huh? How about Phil S. Pazito? Well, it just wasn't the year for New York. Listen, guys, have a great day. Thank you. Talk to you next week. Bye. How do you like that? Very high pressure call. And I know they mean by the high intensity in New York. My stomach is churning too. Boy. It's either better or meeting the soup too fast, one of the other. But boy, anyway, it's time to talk about the only fondue. What are you on to? It's a double thing. I don't know. Anything you like. 26 past 11 at WIOD. Dion is in the building, so he'll be up here any second down. Good timing, too. And that great just on the heels of all this lunch show enough. You think it's an accident? Oh, man. This is a little more than I bargained for, isn't it? What do you mean? All this food. Oh, yeah. Well, you ask. Well, that's what we asked for. But it just, you know, what it actually shows up. You can relate to things like that. Look or something that's almost unbelievable. I want to actually show up. You're almost overwhelmed by it. Have you never had an experience like that? Mm-hmm. Of course they have. Okay. 26 past 11 at WIOD. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hey, what can I say to Rantella, making a, to get him upset like you do? I don't know what you know about him at that. I don't know. What do I know about him? Yeah, because more than, you know, they say your name over there, man. He goes, uh, bunker. Does he really? I'm telling you, I don't know what you know about him, but you can really. I don't know too much about her to be. I have about it. Oh, man. Okay. Okay. Have a good live. Boy, Alice is apoplectic? Huh? I can't believe that. I'm just sliding in here like he's been here all of his life. And he's, he's smell the lunch downstairs. How you doing, Dion? Okay. Great to see you. Boy, your album is so great. It's just phenomenal. We can only get this douchebag next to it, a play. It'll really have something going, you know? So anyway, what do we start Dion off with? Because actually the whole purpose of you being here is for lunch. That's the bird. This is bad rich. And that's basically the size of it. All these other people wandering in and out. We don't know who they are. They just come into eat every day. Okay. So we're going to get on a radio show where all he did was eat and get paid for it. How mean? Where's the hero sandwiches? He wants the hero sandwiches. He wants the... What is the sub-parameterlantic city? Don't you remember White Castle in New York? Do you remember sure? You probably used to eat there all the time before he got rich in famous. Give him some of the little royal castle burgers. It'll make him feel like yesterday when he was poor in Broke on the streets. Kind of like he is now in Boko. Did you really used to live in North Bay Village? No, I lived in North Miami 20 years in the same house. But all my friends moved out. I was lonely. North Miami. Nobody lives in North Miami. How did you do? I did. I did. Long story. Long story. This is a paradise for Bronx kids. When you're in that... Yeah. When I was in my grave. I'd tell you when I had my first daughter in Bronx, New York City, I was... First day of the... You can't tell me he's from New York. I still like him. I record my favorite line when he says a Rick Shore... Yeah. That's my favorite. You know, the accent has gotten worse down here. I don't know why. I was all in York. You're stunning here. That's a problem. I don't know why. Yeah, I was driving this little girl. I mean, a couple of day old kid back on the cross Bronx expressway. And all these trucks were farting my face. I mean, it was dirty. And all of a sudden I got aware of these little clean lungs. And I was next. You know, me, I treated myself terrible, but this little angel like next to me, I said, I'm getting out of here. And I moved down to Miami in 68. And I was... I have three daughters and they were raised in the same house up in North Miami. And it was great neighborhood, man. I liked it. Well, there's a lot of time, man. Yeah. And now you're in Boka. Yeah. I didn't think I'd like Boka. I'd tell you the truth. I thought it was going to be like... We hate Boka. We don't... What's not in personal? I'd tell you. I don't understand. You don't know. I moved up there. I didn't expect to like it as much as I do, but the people got great attitude. People I met. Really? So they know who you are? Yeah. You know, when I live in a little unreality, I got it meant. I bring the best out in people. For some reason, I don't know what it is. It's just a... I have a lot of fun up there. But I have some real good friends that we... We're really open to each other. What if it would be something if we got good calls on the Boka line while he was here? Well. Because that would prove it. If we can get good calls on a Boka line while you're here, because we never got a good call on Boka. Since we've been here. Have we? Maybe one. Maybe one. Probably somebody you want to ask. Pretty well. Anyway, your buddy Tony call before it said to say, hi, your best buddy. I bet you got a lot of best buddies that'll be calling in. He's probably a friend of somebody who used to be my uncle. Yeah. In the broth and like that. We got to the same model. Who's Tony, Tony? I don't know. The way I'm on somebody. I'm probably saying he knows you and Larry King. Something like that. So what is the experience like of seeing yourself on BH1 all the time? It's just the video runs constantly. What does that sensation like? You know, it's kind of like the old days. You know, let me just take you back for a minute. Wait, did you say it takes you back? You know what it says on the Zeta billboard? You haven't been over the Zeta before. It takes you back. I can't believe it. This is an Ojampravacatour here. I like to go back. I come from a very, you know, the kind of, I don't know, what did he come from Rochester? Okay. Well, you know, but upstate. It's kind of like that. I come from like a ghetto section. We called it a neighborhood. It was an Italian neighborhood. Like the Italians lived on one side of the Bronx Park, Zoo, and the Jews lived on the other side. And then on the south side with a Puerto Ricans. And then we, you know, I like that. So in my neighborhood, when I got, I was 17, I got my first hit record. And when those records were played on the radio, somebody says, Number one, this week, the wanderer, the whole neighborhood, all their windows were opened. And the cars, the tops were down. The radios were blessed and the whole neighborhood celebrated. They all came out the window at the same time saying, Hey, and we yelling at my mother through the alleyways. And it's not what you're saying. You think he's gonna step on himself? I said, I don't want to have you step on yourself. What have it embarrassed me? But it was like a commune. Now that I, I realize it now. And now the whole country sees it at the same time, you know? Yeah, videos of a strange thing today. You see music, you know, you know, You know, who did the first video? I don't want to show like I'm showing off, but I saw a thing. I'm Aussie Nelson created the first video. I did the first Nelson doing travel in man. And he did it like in his basement, you know, with real primitive equipment in every day. He super dolly films of a Hawaii in the background. And last good song. That was the first video. Yeah, you learned something. You're coming here. You're coming here. I remember when something already. I did one of the first professional videos that they were putting out on the market. It was called The Telly Box. At the time, when I did Ruby Baby, or he's pushing me now. Well, it was about 1962. And they had this, they rented this. They rented this yet. Yeah, they rented this jet in France. And I did this whole stick on the plane with the 14 store-doses and the champagne and the plane, the playboy and all. And what this video was, I don't know if you remembered, but they had these, like, television screens on top of the jukebox. As you threw a quarter in, I remember them down on Times Square. And you wouldn't only hear this song. Like the time it was only a dime. But if you threw a quarter in, you'd see your video on top of the TV. It only lasted, it must have been three months. The sun recently pulled it off to the market. But I have a couple of those home. Anyway, yes, me a question I never answered. This thing's being played on VH1. And in my house, I don't know if my kids are impressed, you know? But you know, I find myself throwing the channel of VH1 to get their plan. I haven't seen it yet. They're playing in heavy rotation. Yeah, I get it. I've seen it. I'm kind of excited a bunch of times. Yeah. Because a guy up in the Pompano has a bunch of old films of the neighborhood. Now, nobody had a video or a film, you know, a camera in my neighborhood. Who the hell came out on the streets with a camera? No one except this guy that I'm at in Pompano. Because I got some old films of you driving around on your first Kaiser. And when I had a business in 54, I said, bring them all. That's the same guy. It's got the Rob Low Films. I think the same guy. I think it was the Rob anyway. But anyway. On in this video on VH1, you see a lot of these old films. Oh, that came out of the industry. Yeah, they're actually on Cretone Avenue and Bronx, Black and White films. Yeah, that's right. I remember. I'm Tony Neil. I'm nervous. Oh, come on. I'm nervous to buy it. Because I listen to you on radio or man. I'm nervous. I wrote, wow. One nervous. We got a project in here. Look at this guy. He's got a monster in the industry. And he comes in here where a couple of slippers like guns. He's nervous. All we do is sitting here and eat. We get paid for it. I let me do a little food spot. I know it's unusual on the show that we talk about food. But char hot is over right now. Great. What is he talking about? I think he's catching it from you. It's 1137 a W.I.D. Little Tommy did. Oh, wait a minute. I remember that album. Columbia, Donna the Primadanum. Right? I remember like it was just yesterday. I saw him about my sister. He hasn't turned. The she hasn't changed at all. It's right. He's got it on here. What did you ever see in AM station play in music like this? Not these days. Not in the lobby. Not the lobby. Yeah. Yeah. I used to do that stuff in New York with Murray the K and all those guys way back when before we were born most of us. Sunny Fox called. How do you like that? What is Sunny was? Sunny coherent today. What is he want? Is he on the phone? Is he on the phone? No. Not on the phone. I thought Sunny wanted to talk to Dion. You with thing. He couldn't hold onto the phone. He dropped it on the floor with grandma Boone. Thanks for calling. Sunny nice to hear from you. Anyway, if there are people to talk to Dion and just take a look over him making feel more comfortable because he's nervous as a pack. I don't understand why. I want to ask you seriously about this album is it getting played? I mean, you keep telling me it's on VH1 all the time. I don't watch VH1. I'm going to start and so I can see it. The album is sensational. And I'm not just saying that because you're here. In fact, the first day that I played it, John Hamburg who doesn't use on channel 4. Johnny's the new Zanker on 4. He was in New York for a long time. He called in and he said, I got to know the name of that album. He said, what is it? I'm going to go over to a specs right now and buy it. And I said, the name of the album is Yo Frank. It's Dion's new album. Then the next day Gordon Stevens, who used to be on channel 4 for about 100 years called in. And with the same thing, he said, it's the best album I've heard of. You're I got to get the name of it. Well, you're the only guy playing. Yeah. I don't understand that. But VH1's helping out a lot. I mean, but why aren't the stations playing it? Is it because you haven't been around for so long? I think it's a lot of what you've been talking about. They got to compute it. And they wait. Everybody's afraid. Like this, this, this put your next record. This Bill Y's over at Glytti. This is right up there, Ali. This should be, they should have this stuff on right now. Everybody talks rock and roll. But you are real rock and roll this junkie. There's not many left. And I mean, the guys that take a step out on a little risk. Oh, a little gut feeling. Some balls is what you try to use to do. And the old days. Well, that's rock and roll. Yeah. It's pretty pathetic that these guys. Rock, paper, paper, paper. Yeah. I mean, you know. Now, I'm curious, you know, I maybe I'm naive. But I don't understand like how these sessions come about. Where you get all these incredible people on the same album. You got Brian Adams, which that's a great cut by the way, Drive all night. That's one that they're all great. But that's tremendous. And Paul Simon is on there on, written on a subway wall. He's got a Lou Reed, Patty Smith, Mark Lynn and Keith Scott. Where do you drum up all these people to do a session? Well, I tell you, I was at the rock and roll. Hall of Fame induction ceremonies before that the ceremonies even got started. I was in the middle of the album that week in Paul Simon came up to me at the dinner. Or right before the ceremony got started and he said, Dianne, I, I, I, I, I, he knew doing an album. I'd love to be a part of it if you got anything that made it do give me. I said, glad you asked. So he said, well, I have Saturday available. I'll come down. So the whole day was, he came in. And you know, I had this, this song, I had the the whole vocal. Done, finished and everything. But that little star is a little kind of a little segment in the middle. I'm going to have a slow down again. I'm going to have a fun. Paul Simon came in. I just thought it would be a perfect part for him. And when he did come in to the session. It was very interesting because this guy is very versed in duot. He just, he grew up with it. So he not only sang the lead on the song. He did all the backgrounds to himself. He did a five part harmony background to himself. And he spent some time in it. It was wonderful. Now I had one of my daughters at the session. And gosh, she's never been out of Miami. So she, when he came into the control room, she said, you have a video out with what's his name. And he said, Chevy Chase. She said, and you have a very popular album out. What's it called? He said, Graceland. She said, you're a very popular singer. What do you know? He said, Paul Simon. She said, right. All you have such a sweet boy. He took it in a good way. Yeah. Because she's great. He's terrific. Well, he was, I just felt, you know, it's stuff like that that makes you feel good. But that's why it's such a shame that people are playing this stuff. Because it's not just you, which you do a great job on every cut. But you've got all these like legends like Paul Simon on there, which is a one and a million thing to get you guys together on this. And it's, and every cut on here brings something back. You know, you mentioned that before about taking you back. Every cut on here like on your Frank. He isn't that the one where it starts. I like the wanderer with the same. Yeah. Every cut has got a little bit of something like this. It's got a little star by the elegance. It's got that little part in there that Paul Simon doesn't. And in every cut you find a little something that's a throwback to those good old days. And it's interesting because it's an 80s album. But a lot of elements in my music. Yeah. And my music is is black music filtered through an Italian neighborhood. It came out with an attitude. In fact, in fact, it's a funny thing. Today they would call it fusion. But at the time. Like I told you about this Jewish neighborhood on the other side of Bronsue. I went, I was passing by a synagogue when I was about 19, 20 years old. And I heard old as like ethereal music coming out. So I went in there. And I met this canthus name was Cantha Rosen. You know, this is incredible. You know why I'm not making this up. But when I listened to a couple of the cuts I said, Dion should have been a canter. And I could hear you trying these great Hebrew melodies. Because you got that certain little, certain quality in your voice that I hear in canters. I'm going to tell you where it comes from. I didn't know it until like today. When I look back at the elements that got into my music. It's really it's funny. I met this guy. Cantha Rosenblatt. His father was the original jazz singer in, you know, the cantha in the jazz singer with Joseph. Okay. So he's playing me all his father's records. And I hear this guy. You know, that's the. So I went home. I mean, I felt like I'm not with this stuff. He gave me a handful albums. And I started playing this stuff. And I wrote songs like Little Diane. Great. Born to more than cry and all these songs that. Well, the, the, the, the minor, the minor kind of influence that that kind of chanting. So what happened, I guess it's Jewish rock and roll. But that's maybe today they would call this. That's why Bill Wise won't play a thing. You was rock and roll. Anyway, there's a mobile on here from the soft floor to group harmony association. Yeah, how are you doing? And he'll just do. Yeah. Yo, Dion, what's happening? Hello, Duke. How are you doing? We really love you when you came to our meeting. You're an official member of our club and love to have you come back. I just want to say God bless you for keeping the do up. So I even know it's 1980 stuff. How many association? And that, uh, at memories, loung and Miramar. Well, I'll tell you why I appreciate you guys a bunch of guys got up there and sang from their hearts. They didn't care about entertaining. Man, they just, that's what it's all about. They grab, we go out in the back and just a couple of four, five guys get together and, uh, pick a couple songs and I'll come some beautiful music. Well, I love the way they presented it because it was the way I remember it. And, uh, in the way I still am. See, let me tell you story. These guys, you remember shine on on, they came out in the morning. Oh, I saw it. I can't from there with a couple of those guys. I think they should shoot all of them. Right. Because that was the worst insult to my younger years that I ever saw. I, to me, it was that kind of stuff that made me stop doing, doing my records because I hated the way it was presented. It looked like a cartoon man. Right. When I was a kid and I was on a corner, that music was so much a part of me and meant so much to me. And that was, it's an ill insult to my younger years when I see these people get, I have, I have a mic now. So I'm going to tell everybody. But I, it was an insult to my, my younger years to see these people goofing on themselves and, and presenting it like it was, uh, even though it's simple music, I don't like goofing on it. I take it really serious. So when I went up to the, uh, you're meeting there, they did a good job with it. I really appreciate it at that moment. Well, we're looking forward to having you come back and doing something you knew stuff. And just a quick little story. I was in daydland shopping center last week looking for your album. And I went into this place called Reckidland. And I asked the young man behind the counter and I said, where's your record department? He goes, there's a couple of racks left in the back, everything's CD. And I asked him if he had your franky, D on's new album. And he says, who is that? And he's looking through the catalog trying to find your name. I just forget about it. I'm going somewhere else. The man has no taste. Absolutely. I mean, it's a circle. Go over the day away from that. Go over the specs. They got plenty of things. Where I went, there was no problem. No problem. D on God bless you. Look forward to having you come back to our group harmony association meeting. Have a good day. All right. Take care. Thanks to 1147 at WODD. On is here. What is seven? Because I want to put on eight. These calls are like really pertinent to see seven questions. And there's nothing on seven there, Roger. Oh, veggie. Veggie. Oh, yeah. Now we're going to give you a chance. Okay. This is one of your neighbors in Boko and our chronic colors. Yes. I do. And ordinarily we wouldn't put veggie on. But since he and D on both live in Boko, we want to prove that there may be hope after all. Okay. D on. I'm a nice guy. Don't miss it. I can't read a redeem yourself. Yeah. I just called to your album as excellent. And I'm glad that you'll play it because he turned me on to it. Nice. I love it. I play all the time. I've played it. I play my car. I played at the house. It's great even to have you as a neighbor and both even though I never seen you in Boko before. Yeah. Well, he's going to tell you where he shops at during the show. But if you take some around and win Dixie, you know, and get his autograph and follow him up and down the aisles. Yeah. I won't be real pain in the ass. All right. The assistant take care and enjoy your lunch and thanks for let me go on. Great call, Veggie. I'm the best ever. Okay. Thank you. He redeemed himself. I wasn't great, but for him that was something. He's supposed to be on good behavior. Yeah. He's on work release for our probation. We got a lot of callers like that. Okay. We got anybody else. These people all want to talk to D on, right? Is that correct? Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I was on before the on gutter. So I had a couple things to say. Well, we don't care about those, sir. Okay. Anyway. I want to talk to D on. Yeah. But if not, he's going to come over to the airhouse and punch you in a nose, sir. I remember D on back when the wonder first came out. We used to be a great thunder. Roll escape, too. I get the feel of heart crap. Yeah. Now he realizes. Great to do anything. What is awesome is he thought it was. He feels better now. Yeah. I've rolled a skate at that. Sure. To the wander. Yeah. The fact I noticed, Farridge had escaped out before when I put on just a few bars of it. He was just on the verge. And I said, you're skating on thin ice, Rich. I was going to say great to pine. Is it D on provocative? Yeah. Okay. You know, this nerve is now. No, you realize. That's your view of these minor consequences, shall. It's 11 before noon at WIOD. We're going to take a little break here. And we'll come back with some more of these very important calls for D on. And, uh, and I said, what do you expect? You're all a bunch of goofballs out there. Okay. That's the world of day. You know, really, the music in the early 60s. I guess everything is relative to when you were growing up and he's not paying any attention. Well, it seems like in the trial I saw. But there was like a whole thing. It was a once in a lifetime thing. That's never going to come back. We're going to go through that again. I mean, today you got all these plastic groups and all these freak down groups. And everything is like cosmetic. Everything's on video before it's even on record or on compact disc. It's hard. It's hard for like second, third, fourth generation rock and roll is, or you know, the kids today to appreciate or it's difficult for them to understand the time when there were no expectations, no rules. They didn't have all these computers. There was guys like you around playing what they liked and saying, you know, what they liked. And, uh, not to mention there were no monitors and we didn't get paid and arrested it. But, you know, it's a lot of people don't. You see, the world was a lot smaller than I went on tour with, uh, buddy Holly, who was from Lubbitt, Texas and Richie Valenz, who was from the body, and the San Fernando Valley. Were you supposed to be on that plane? I think, well, they asked me to be on it. Yeah. But that's, that's another story. The, the thing that I was trying to bring out is that at the time the world was a lot smaller. They didn't have jets. So when we started this tour together, it was just all these different cultures and all the different kinds of music. You know, buddy came from the south and I came from a tidy neighborhood in the Bronx. So I would tell them stories about, uh, joey bones and Frankie Yunkianken and, you know, he, he'd laugh like crazy. But, you know, see, in my neighborhood in the 50s, if you carried a gun, you were a gangster. When I got on tour with buddy Holly, this guy had a gun. He had a shoulder host. I said, how you doing with a gun? He says, nobody's going to take my money. So I said, well, you know, it was peculiar to me. But then, like I, I was very sheltered. I didn't know. I wasn't about it at a Bronx. Brooklyn was like a foreign world to me. So today I know everybody in Texas carries a gun. They mount them on the back of their trucks. You don't do that in the Bronx. So, you know, it was a strange thing. It was kind of opening my world to get on it, if I was. Yeah, now we understand why I came to Miami. You could feel it home because everybody, everybody had to retreat on to Miami. Okay, it's nine minutes till noon at WID. If you're a big guy, we don't want to look at, 1155 at WID. D on is where this and we got a real celebrity caller on the bat line. Now, a gentleman who has great taste. You talking about me. Who else John Hamburg? I just mentioned your name, John. Here's must be burning. I just wanted to, when I heard the D on was on with, you know, after our, talk a couple of weeks, go couple of three weeks, go when you first played the album. Or the, or the written on the subway wall, it's cut. I went out and bought the album. That afternoon. And I just had to tell you, I think this is the best album of the year. So far. Yeah, I agree. I was out at, I have a ranch out of, in, in Texas, a small form of just a, a cracker box operation, but, and my son is in college in Texas. And he's a fine jazz guitarist. Anyplace rock and roll is what I mean. He's just an all around guitarist, a real fine musician. And I asked him if it heard this album. He said, no, well, I had, had, had brought the CD with me. And I played it for him. And he then took it back to the, back to school, to all of his buddies. And they are crazy about this album. Right. So despite the fact that, I heard you guys saying that it's not getting a lot of airplay here in, in South Florida, and I, I agree. I haven't heard it played here. I played it all the time. But I did hear it played twice. Well, well, you know, you know, the truth of, the matter is, that they haven't released a single. Yeah, there we, no? They're releasing a single June 26. So, well, what, what, what, what, what, what will be the thing? They're releasing a song on a call, and the night stood still. I did a video. I love the pattern, my two sings on that. And, uh, feel specter fluent from England to being it. And I got a lot of cameo guys, uh, like Barry Levinson, who did Rain Man. Mm-hmm. He came by and, uh, Ruben Blades, just some French from California. And they, it was a fun video because I, I get a chance now. I get all the, I call up all the people I like as I am doing a video. Come on, so it, uh, it's a chance to have some fun. And, you know, get something done. And, uh, so, well, if he would happen with that, I'm excited because, uh, I, I really truly mean this. I'm not just just saying it, and of course, it's just reflecting my individual taste. But I don't think there's a bad cut on that. Oh, that's correct. Oh, that's correct. No, it's true. Most albums are a rip-off because you go out and there are one or two really good cuts and maybe the single, which is a head. And the rest of them are like filler. Almost there. Yeah, well, you buy. You want to know. This album has got everyone as anaka. That's not an other thing. Essentially a theme album, uh, despite the fact that, uh, that you deal with various subjects. I think, but it's, it's a, it's a, it's a beautiful plan of, of, of, of great lyrical imagery with contemporary arrangements. Well, the traditional progressions, this, I think you guys kind of pointed out. I'm saying it in a different way than, and then, and then, and perhaps you guys did. It is one of those, one of those, it's not just one song, but the entire album. They just caught on. Well, I make me feel good because I really worked on it. I'll tell you the truth. Uh, Clive Davis came over to me. Saw a concert that I did and he, he said, Deon, you're singing better than ever. We feel you have a lot to say when you're making album for us. And I said, I will. If I could make it in the tradition of the wander and run around Sue, I like writing about strong characters from the neighborhood. And so I did things like, uh, Yo Franky and King of the New York streets. And I got a lot of help from a lyricist down here as name is Bill Tui. Get it right all, uh, all the lyrics to this. Uh, some of the songs with it, but, uh, I have, uh, my partner and Clive Davis, you know, he, uh, we work together on it. But what I want to say is, I put a year into the writing of a lot of songs. And I cut back to about seven. So it was, you know, I thought, here I have a shot at bat. Let me just relax and take a good cut at it. But, but I didn't take it lightly. You know, I, I really, I worked hard at it. And I had a good time doing it. I'll tell you. So I'm, I'm glad that you, that you said that that you liked all the cuts because I, I really gave it a lot of thought and really, you know, took quiet walks on the beach and said, man, I want every song to. I want to have a passion to sing it because it's, uh, it's got to get me to the airport and on a road. I don't like to leave home. I'll tell you right now. So I want something on the album to get me out of the house to, to sing. Really? This is a truth. Well, you did a John Goodheron from you. Okay. I have great taste. I think it's a terrific album. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. That's John Hamburg from Channel 4, who has excellent taste as we already know. Deons here. He's given a hangar on another half hour. Whatever we'll feed you a little more food or whatever. And the price of the cuts. You've got at least four singles on the album that I can see already. And I'm going to be the first. You got three more guaranteed. April wore them has the noon WIOD news. We're going to come back with Deon at 12.05 and see what is oil with his schmutzd drilling in a quarter keys to a clock.