Hey Mel, I am the recipient of a No-Fril's breast implant. So that's one is nearly twice the size of the right, but that's one as hard as a bowling ball, and the right one has consistency of cheese whiz if you're touch it, it actually dents. The first that was home, my husband was the first to notice, and when he asked me to turn sideways, I'm not encoded with a big one. I just got a letter saying the clinic which used all responsibility. Help me, Mel, sign me, that's the large of the small bit in the rockies. You know our staff physician advised me to tell you that whatever you do, avoid trampoline, you're all cross. No keeps in attorney on retainer just for these very situations, and he ensures me that as soon as he stops laughing, he'll be back to me. For the live meal, I'll never be able to understand a woman's preoccupation with trying to change it, got given a parent's tail, a little makeup, because of those ugly wrinkles, a little rouge to put some life into that dead looking pus, but babe, it's rewarded, one you'd have big basilms, it would have sprouted back in high school. If you really want me to pursue this thing lately, we'll be needing some photographs. Well, we guys, then again, I could be wrong, they call me Mel. You got to be kidding me, your callers said don't forget you. You're alive, Ben, for the comb of your head. When the bird read the news you wish you would did, then, I'll cast that neck net. And then, it's up on your ride, down 95, by Canadians and be your heads, and all that. Yeah, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man. Be careful, please. You'll see, you'll always just get to a word. By the rest, you get there and you'll boss the jerk. Never, never, never. Me, ah, never day would the same old crap to what I do. The new rock is wrapped. Never, never, never. Never, never, never, never. Never, never, never. Never, never, never. Never, never, never. Selling their few bird droppings in a long way. What is seven a dozen? I'm trying to hang up on him and I can't hang up on him. I can't put him off. The turning. Do you care? Into the S. Well, they're all a bunch of wears over there. I don't want to hear about Jeff Wear. I mean, is that boring or what? What happened all the living and breathing people that we had out there in this show? Just as a Friday, did they all die over the weekend? Did they all go up to Daytona? My God. Why the course it is spring break somewhere. We haven't any, do we talk about spring break here anymore? Do we don't even dig my bum now? It's like starts the 17th I think. I saw so, but I'm saying, do we just go in this part of the state of the world because doesn't exist? It is an totally extinct species. It is an extinct species. It's not a factor in this part of the United States anymore. No, remember you have a redneck Yahoo's up there in Fort Waterdale. Let's say, hey, we don't want your money here. You're just too young and too much problems and get lost. Okay, along with those fascist big cops up there, all right? All the brown shirts. But you can't cross the street. What is it in Fort Waterdale? You can't cross the street if you're under 30. Wither without a cup. I mean, you just can't cross the street period. You can't be driving with a cup, even if it's like coffee. You can't have it. You can't park at the beach after 6pm. You can't park at the beach before 6pm. I mean, you can't do anything over there, right? Can you remember the old days when the cause is just to come in and take over Fort Waterdale? I can't remember when you couldn't drive on anyone it was great because you would just you would just kind of go in neutral and just rule along it. It would take about an hour and a half to go from one end of the strip to the other. And you see all of these incredible people and it was just it was like body watching. Okay, we're going into mall. Bigger was great. Better than the malls. Big show. Biggest people watching. Biggest people watching. There was. Yeah. And most everybody seemed to be having a good time. And they started passing all these stupid laws and they drove them back into the hotels and the high rises because they wouldn't let them do anything outside. And some of the kids would get drunk because when you're in college drinking is your major generally. And then they start like, you know, doing things out in the balcony and jumping off and falling off and things like that. They couldn't figure out why. You know, and they're infinite wisdom up there and Fort Waterdale. I mean, you, you pop, movers and shakers up there and Fort Waterdale. You have got to be the dumbest group in the history mankind. I mean, the people on the beach, at least some of them are trying. Okay. But they're trying. Even barbra is trying over their okay and her own. Neanderthal way. Okay. And her own archaic manner. But in Fort Waterdale, they don't even make a pretence of it. They just want to turn it into an outdoor nursing home. So Bob Cox considered it with a, you know, in a wheelchair out there on a one-day eventually and just sit there rocking back and forth with his silly haircut. Oh, boy. Right. You know, I just look around and have it like it was 50 years ago and even the alligators wouldn't come near it. Okay. So I'm going to put Fedag. I don't know. It's not even worth talking about is it 1046 to WIOD. Let's talk tomorrow food okay. If we can't eat it, we talk about it. That's our slogan at WIOD. If you can't eat it, talk about it. Be it. This is Sergeant Whitgood on the Metro Street for troll over the traffic safety reminder. It may be little, but it can still cause a lot of trouble. Before you fall it out and stick it in, take a close look at it. If you abuse it, it gets crooked and bent out of shape and you'll find it's time goes by it doesn't quite fit. In which case you might as well just leave it in your pants. I'm talking of course about your car team. Treat it right and always carry it fair. This is Sergeant Whitgood on the Metro Street Patrol. Oh, yeah, one more thing. Now that course it in because if you break it off, you're driving done. So that's our slogan Whitgood. Yeah. We're going to be here a lot from when it's 1051 at WIOD. Okay, Wayne, we're going to try it once more. Just remember now, introduce yourself and read what's on the paper in front of you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, fine. Wayne stops substance abuse awareness campaign. This is take nine. Wait, Wayne, Wayne, that's you cute. Great. Anytime you're ready. Wayne, go. This is Dorian Stomp of Black Two. Kids, when you drink and drive. No, no, no, got cut. It's not when you drink and drive. Oh, a wrap. Let me do it in here. Yeah, good idea. This is Wayne Stomp, he has to take 10. This is Dorian Stomp. When I drink and drive. Got Wayne, got Wayne. Do you think this is supposed to be a guess driving while intoxicated? What? Never mind. We'll do it one more time and remember, say, don't do drugs. And if you must drink this holiday weekend, don't drive. You got it. No, don't you, get it. Fine. Do you stop the essay? Take away the 11. I'm going to stop telling you. If you do drugs, this weekend, don't drive. Wrong again, Wayne. It's don't do drugs. Don't do drugs. That's what I just said. Oh, it's not. I've been close to what you said. You tell me it's boot I should have had. Close it was sheer luck. We're going to do it again, Wayne. Say, don't do drugs. If you must drink this holiday weekend, do not drive. Take 12. This is Dorian Stomp. We can't do drugs. New drugs. Okay, Wayne, thanks for coming in. I think we're a little editing. We've got something we can use. Don't do drugs. And if you must drink, it's holiday weekend, don't drive. You know what that sounds like? That sounds like we old W's new jingles. And it's a tie together with kindergarten. But you win. W's. That's why I am. My amy. Anyway, it's 11 o'clock in the morning. W. We're going to have a new weather show. 11 37 and W. Hey, Mel, I'm a sophomore in high school. I'm going to love with my science teacher. I live every day for third period. I can't get my mind off. She's beautiful. Everything about her is wonderful. She has softful lips. Her body is curvy and all the right places. And I work last figure. I can't work on my homework for ten minutes without day dreaming about her. I know if I told her how I feel she just laughs at me. Suddenly, in fact, you waited but shy and Charlotte, don't let her on out. There's a number of ways to get a retention. Maybe your science project could be models of the male and female genitalia. When you present the project, give her a wink and wiggle your tongue out her. Why the get him sits in front of you in the back of the head with a closed fist? Which you keep you after school for detention. It will be just you and her. I'd love to see the look in her face when you're reaching to your backpack and break out a couple of candles and a six pack. Center a pour out of you and your BVDs. Stop a pair of socks in there for effect. Or for a buyer underwear. Tell her she needs a spanking. Shake hands with her and tell her she's got a good grip. Or for her money for sex then again I could be wrong. They call me male. It's 11.50 something. It's 11.50 something. Poodle for ecreages in the hallway in the middle of the night. A blaze of the weather seems dropping in the globe my bright headlight. Is that the name or cat I see up ahead in the wash of a cornstreet light? I'm not even, they just never see me coming. And I guess that's why they say every card. Every home and I wonder if I'll remember more. Just like every road you leave the little cold more. Every card has every home. What do you pass new to WI-D? We're going to head him with a really big CD. Call 38 at WI-D. At least they hope you'll settle for it anyways. All right now listen those of you who are out there. Well, 47 I will be. You're mentioning sugar apples. What's the difference between sugar apples and the regular apples? 133. So the bio-di. How are you listing Johnny Dar? I'll be apologize for the buzz in the background of this too. But nothing's perfect. Okay that's enough of those. Hi old dude. Hi everybody this is St.C. You're also from Mike Tyson heavyweight champion. We'll get baddest dude around. The baddest driver around too. We get driving tip of the day. A few months ago I was in a caveman with my ex-wife Robin given. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. Anyway, she buys me one of these cute little graphio. The cat was suction cup feet. Which is stuck on the window and my car when we left the store. I'm the way home. I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. I couldn't see the tree because the damn cat was in my way. Robin said I was stupid to stick. I'm the windshield. I mean, that's actually a little bit bitchy to me. I mean, call the head of the way champ of the world stupid. Now that's stupid. So I say Robin, I'll let that. I took her out with a clean right hand. Knocked the right down completely. First, I stayed in the account. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about that in the papers. Anyway, my attitude toward Garfield the cat has really been affected greatly. In fact, if I see you driving around with Garfield the cat in your car, I mean, please put a clean control on. I don't know what will happen. Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too. Could be 1064 or W1. I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he saw the President's answer with Jack Kennedy. I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy. No, you're probably wondering why. Oh, we just cut off. No, the next one. Okay, it's 1017 in W1. This is Sergeant Whitgood and the Metro Street Patrol with a traffic safety reminder. If you're a hard driver, what should you be most concerned about? That's right. The rubber on your car's tires. It gets a lot of abuse if you've cruised on the road. Always check your rubber before you get in the driver's seat. If it's getting thin, you're asking for big trouble. Maybe a blow out at high speed. Yes, when it comes to rubber safety, I always say, if it's warm and thin, then trade it in. But if it's thick and wide, then you won't slide. This is Sergeant Whitgood and the Metro Street Patrol. Yes, sir. If it's warm and thin, then trade it in. But if it's thick and wide, then you won't slide. This is Sergeant Whitgood and the Metro Street Patrol. Yes, sir. If it's warm and thin, then trade it in. This is Sergeant Whitgood and the Metro Street Patrol. Oh, yeah, one more thing. Ciao. He could've got a way with where it was. 1039 and WIOD, 20 on the shore of 11 upon that. I think one more is not true that the motor had the same gas. It's low-mic milling. Hey, Mal, I was born with a silver support on my mouth, and I feel guilty that I have all this money. Most people have to slay of all their lives to make ends meet. I want to do good deeds and share the wealth, as they say. My friends think I'm crazy, but I know I'm right. What good are wealth and riches if a person chooses not to reject and help his fellow man? Sign me first and held a third. Hey, pal, you are most definitely in my kind of guy. And before I say anything else, I want you to know that metal likes you are a lot. Now let's deal with a little problem with yours. There are funds for the homeless funds for the hungry even funds for the sick. But if the best of my knowledge is only one fund that covers all of the above. It's called the movement for elevated living or mal. There are open-minded bunchs in the respect that they accept cash, checks, charges, negotiable bonds, jewelry. Why don't even let you sign over the mortage to your home? Send your money to Mal, care of this station. Do it today, Thursday, and before the devil makes you change your mind. If later on, if you have a change of heart, Mal guarantees help refund your money, and then again, maybe he won't. They call me Mal. It's a...a level of six. What is 11th of the big city? The concavoy, tough, determined, smelly. He settled the West with just a horse, a gun, and a whole bunch of beer. Our beer, zild and flop beer. When path-garrers come down, bill is the kid. They were both filled with our beer. When crustier con for them, they rode into the worst ambush in US military history. He just finished the case of zeld and schloch homies. Now you can enjoy the time-honored recipe of our founder, Papa Zeld and schloch. Yes, even though it's harder to make beer this way, out of the back of a chuck wagon from ingredients we find in a cow pasture. We still do it because, well, we're stubborn. Stubborn and backward and like Papa, just a little bit local. But that's how you get when you're out on the prairie, all alone, for just a horse and a gun, and a whole bunch of beer. Our beer, zeld and schloch beer. Enjoy a great tradition of the old West, getting drunk and shooting up the place with zeld and schloch beer. It's so I'm 38 at WIOD and we got a lady collar in Miami, hello. For educational the way sober wanted to be. I've got a lady who's a fresh man, a little bit. Okay, it's 10.05 and it's 10.05. That really has a fresh man, a little bit. 10.37. Could be on it to the Canadian area. Yes, yes. By the writers, Riemann the Busch, right? Just a little joke. Listen, I heard that. What Donald said? Oh, you remember him? Oh, it's a good time. Yeah, that's the guy. Listen, I heard I made some kind of a list. Yeah, one of the ugliest baseball players in his career. Now, that's a no one for you, is it? I'm not ugly or the Nalrad engine. No way. That's a good one. How about Iana Slater? Oh, good. Who is a good looking guy? Really? Yep. I just wanted to check. I wasn't quite sure. When you don't look at those ball player spaces anyway, do you? We don't want to ruin your image and get your new wife up set. Just a numbers. Okay. Oh, look at those numbers. Yeah, I hear that. So that's all I wanted to know. Is that it? Well, let me just enclose and say, govern yourself accordingly, okay? I'm going to invite you to my wedding, okay? Oh, it isn't happened yet? No, no, no, yes. What is it? There's no rush. There's no shot, can you know? Oh, okay. Oh, in other words, there's still hope for Donald, right? Oh, there's a way to his hope for Donald, everybody else in the business. Okay, all right. Okay, see ya. Come on, Harry. Here's another list of Larry. Says Jack Clark, David Johnson, Claudio Washington. Yo, D. Okay, 12. No one knows sports and south Florida like Rick Weaver, Joseph Gackey, Sunny Hersch, Hank O'erard, and Jim Mandage. Join our sports team for sports talk every night at six. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 6th, W-I-O-D. Okay, well, if they don't want those callers, we'll take a- I don't care what anybody else says. They're just too good to throw out. Oh, no, but they didn't throw them out. They're like, you can't do that. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I bet today changed the calling. There's nobody else will pick up Zeta. Because, V-T-A didn't want to say it at the time. Remember when Watcher named Kathy Wav West came in and she blew that story on the air, and it won't be an inswering on the air a couple of times. But anyway, I couldn't believe it because I was able to be the worst callers. Of course, Ein 95 was just such a natural. It was too good. Right. And the first time that was Zeta for the original video for it was W-I-D-F-N. So it's 10, 20, 6, and WI of day, and we're really excited. We're up to our long distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand, whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio, and here's what he writes. Dear KC, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere, and it'll mean a lot if he play it. We certainly, there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of us comes out again. From coming out of the record. Play the record, okay? Please. And when you come out of those up-temper, damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions. And then you gotta go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they'll do it for, but damn it, if we can't come out of a slow record. I don't understand it. He's down on the phone. Okay, I want to damn consider that for it. They come out of a record that isn't a thing up tempo record every time I do a damn depth dedication. Now, make it, and they also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. It's a god-last-damned time. I want somebody who's a fucking brain to not come out of a damn record that is, that's up-tempo. And I gotta talk about a fucking draw dying. What is it? The Boundaries, man? Boundaries? The Boundaries? That really, that was my asshole little bit. Okay, it's probably not after 11 at WIOD, so you can kind of like a quenella deal. Who? This is Sergeant Whitgood, and the Metro Street Patrol with the traffic safety reminder. If you're a hard driver, what should you be most concerned about? That's right, the rubber on your cars tires. It gets a lot of abuse if you cruise a lot. Always check your rubber before you get in the driver's seat. If it's getting thin, you're asking for big trouble. Maybe a blow out at high speed. Yes, what it comes to rubber safety, I always say, if it's worn and thin, then trade it in. But if it's thick and wide, then you won't slide. This is Sergeant Whitgood and the Metro Street Patrol. Oh, yeah, one more thing. Ciao. Welcome, buddy. We're fighting during the afternoon. Okay, it's one of those stuff. Why? I feel like it sounds a little like Willard's.