for pay for meal? Steve, have you ever know? Nick says he never pays for me ever. We keep waiting. See, I could do that. I don't have, I just don't have the guts to do that. I mean, it's too much shame involved. You know, to keep going back. I could eat at Spon 2. Seriously, I could never pay for another meal as long as I'm in this business. Okay, as long as I'm here, you don't have it in you. I did a dog. I can't, it just do. Yeah, I do. Some people have no shame. Neither do I. When he reached over and kept grabbing more and more of those turnhuts or certificates, I thought to myself, this is shocking, okay? Shocking. First it was a couple. Then it was a couple more. And then it was like a part of a snack. It would like a chunk, you know, off the top there. Yeah, I didn't take a while. I didn't even give them the listeners. You know, I could eat three baths per day. Oh, yeah. Here, I'm always wanting to include. I just don't have it in. So anyway, you're a great guy, Hank, and we love you, but stick it in your ear, okay? Mind your own business. And tell all your butt-lickers on your sports talk. Just stick this sports, okay? Leave the belly-lick hot to you, and stick this sports for a lot of nail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay. Bird, how you doing? Okay. This is Reggie Manel's good buddy. Who? Reggie Manel's good buddy. How long does that for me forget? And he mantle. Reggie Manel. Bird, you should know who I am. No. Okay. Any more hint? Ness. Okay. I'm so glad we finally went back to the phone. Ha ha ha. Hey, listen. We're talking about that. Richard joined his food. Who had the meds fans won't be able to have any lunch with us today, isn't it? You were talking about that. Richard joined his food earlier. Yeah. Well, he enjoyed my food two on Saturday. Did he? Had a plate of someplace to pizza there? Went to a picture with me and he took the pizza right off. Of course. That's right. We got to watch him at every move, man. I was watching all of every turn. Why? Power the meat. No meatballs were sent to the patient. That's all I had. I had a meatball. And I had some sausage and peppers and a one slice of pizza. I would have liked to have had another meatball, but there was something to go with the hernet. You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah, sure. He was standing in the line. He shows up every time. Very weird guy with the hernet. And he ate all the meatballs. There they. Yeah. Well, what they did was say he's buffet. After you guys were done, they brought the rest of the tray over to the other table. There was a meatball on a half there and the dog man. I guess the guy with a bat shirt that they were trying to get rid of them. He was just putting stuff in his pocket. It was unbelievable. Yeah. He was garping it all up. And first of all, he starts at all up. Then he starts screaming. He stands out in the middle of the crowd and starts screaming about how little food. They're not enough food for everybody and what a rip off this is. So we finally had his ass kicked down. Hey, listen, we had a wait a little bit for the food, but it was just sensational. Yeah, it is. He did eat it to the, the salad was up quite often. Got a thanks. Thanks for firing for it for you. Quite overdue, in fact. But down the season, take it hold the dented. You're reading it for the heat games. And I sent the whole season with the privilege of hanging. I can tank sitting right across from me. You know, in the press area with Tony Sargento and the like. And that man can eat. Yeah. No two ways about it. Absolutely. We need to take that before every game. Yeah, how many times tanks can go up for food and the total food you can eat? I went quite a bit of money there. I've thrown up the roses and the listing right now because I know that's illegal. But I'm mad. You know how some people have to win money and that to do something. You might have to cover their gambling losses. Thank you. So when money to cover his eating loss is okay. You're stopping not shows in a hamster. I'm not drinking beer. It's a slapping no-than bright none the back and doing something is good. Those four people, man, they know how to suck it up don't they? Well, I think I'm going to change my career. I'm going to become a sportsman. You understand? Didn't cross them anything. Yeah. I guess they just said the VAU see you over. You got it. I'm going to have a great guy. I'm going to say it. You really didn't say anything. And I've heard people stop killing for the track and for the dolphins. And you know, just tell them like it is. I don't. Don't claim to tell them like it is. Really tell them like it is. Like Joseph Gackie, right? There you go. Hey, boy. You want to learn from Joseph. This is Juggit, right? Oh, it's Juggit. Of course. I still may forget. That's right. Okay, Juggit. Okay, Juggit. Next month. See you. Have a good life. Okay. I remember now. Pressure packed first hour. We got a lot of stuff in that hour. We didn't get too much about this news story about the aesthetically low pay. It's embarrassing and humiliating and speaking about Henry Giro. So that's a drive you to drink. Working all those years getting paid like some kind of a show. Henry Biro standing by with the 11 o'clock W.I.O.D. news. And we're going to come back with hour number two and 11.05. Steve has another one of those horrendous condos stories. Abe and Estelle Hurowitz and their little dog are going to be here with the condo Mimi's from Carriage Hills. Okay, because they don't want them to have their little dog. So it's going to really be something and are going to be throwing dog bones to each other and having an nervous breakdown. And we got sports talk tonight. Sunny and whatever else at 605 followed by Bush Bingbans. We were wearing a short monitor. We stopped talking with Steve King. This happened in the two. I knew it was top radio six and W.I.O.D. It may call colis. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neil Rogers. I knew it. We got radio six and W.I.O.D. But you made us so close on our video three. Oh, you can't be dead. You know you're right. I hated that when it pretty much as I like Dion. That music right there. You can't even be really grown on me. Anyway, so now that I was six to W.I.O.D. we're just having a great Monday here and we covered a lot of ground boy in that first hour. And can't wait till Hank is on here again. So he, you know, take a little shot back which I'm sure he will. I just don't understand it. I mean, what does the mind his own stick in business? Okay. I had a bad experience. I recognized about it on the air. Did I? And I said I didn't want to hurt the image of all the other kids who are good and honest. Don't do it. I didn't have a problem out there before. But when two people get ripped off back to back on the same day, it looks like they're developing a problem out there. Okay? But one thing about a lot of businesses in this town in this state in Florida. It's a Florida way to do business. Don't confuse those. For example, up north. And I guess here too, if it's a good restaurant, you go in and if you have a bad experience, you go to the manager and tell them and they're happy to hear about it because they want to know. Of course they want to know. A lot of places down here you do that. They look at you like, get to hell out of here and go to hell. Don't ever come back, you know, that kind of thing. Don't understand. But to be fair. It would be like if somebody called the show and said, uh, we don't like that you eat on the air. It would be like my saying, get lost. Don't ever call the show again as opposed to saying, okay, we will never do it again. Right? Which we always do that, don't we? That's not a good example. I've heard a word in the back of the business. It all's ample. Thanks. Anyway, tomorrow we're doing a four hour, we're going to bring a psychologist in. He's going to talk about Steve's obsession. We're getting everything for three. That's a lot of good advice. Great. I've been waiting for this movie, Passen, food. I mean, Steve really just has this little hang-up. He's got this obsession with getting things for free. Amazing. I think the Chinese called out a snorke. Is that what they call that? I mean, it's 1107, a WIOD. We'll take it call in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Hi, this is here from Cardiology. I came back to you, most of the other day. Yeah. And my tour worker's cover, we're here. We are on a thank you for pushing out little thing on our day. Everyone will come to my office. Hey, did you see that I was running? Yeah. And you're there. I can testify to that. I, and I went to the door, and they said, you're getting more cut by our staff. We're a little bit disappointed. You won. What do you mean? I kind of hurt, don't you remember me? Of course I do. I was going to say that you didn't mean to call out to me. Well, he was occupied. He had, he had robin' there the first half, and then he had to directly the second half. He wasn't talking anybody else. He was mindlessly signing autographs on pictures. Paying no attention to any of the people. A lot of ton of nice people out there including you. I'm amazed. But he was exactly, but he just was totally oblivious, because he had to do a groupie there sitting there salivating on their, not really through. Right. There were a lot of people talking to me. What you have to do is just want you to just say something. Yeah, like, they're kicking you to that shit. Yeah. Yeah. Why did you do that? So yeah, right. And I got a message. Stop like, I'm not a goofy man, coward. Well, the way it looked to me is you didn't speak to me. I'm so happy. But you know, this is an interesting talk. Because in person, you were great on the phone. You're just, maybe it's the phone. You know, it's a bad phone. Well, I don't know. I don't know what's missing from those ones in the phone. I'm a real nice one. I know. Well, we have tendons, cardiological things to do here. So I just wanted to say that. So I'm kind of hurt because you never did speak to me. Yeah. You broke your heart. You broke your heart. You broke my heart. That's right. Isn't that cute? Yeah. It was pretty cute. And I wrote a thank you very, very, very, very, very, very successful pleasure being the girlfriend. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Some of your love. He's nice, yeah. Yeah. Thanks for writing me all your my items. Okay. Have a wonderful day. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. 1109 at WIOD is Schuba Sports, super grand opening sale, celebrating their new sunrise location. And starting this Friday, you can get up to 50% off on every item and stock at all. Schuba Sports locations. At sunrise, the shirt of registered to win a complete surewood dive package, including regulators, buoyancy jackets or a dive computer from Orca. Get a free t-shirt with any $25 purchase. And be sure to check out their new huge indoor training pool. Best of all, get fantastic savings on every item and stock. It's Schuba Sports, super grand opening sale, and it starts this Friday. And then I'm Saturday, and the factory reps from Surewood, sequest, Cracic oceanic, Renaultca, and underwater kinetics. With thousands of dollars of prizes waiting for you to win, huge savings on all items, free t-shirts with any $25 purchase. Bring your bathing suit and experience the thrill of scuba diving in their newest training facility at Schuba Sports. And the sun plans that that's on University Drive, just north of sunrise Boulevard. Okay, and I see that wasn't just a mindless jingle. That was for a reason, and that's because blind micol blessed us with his presence. He did. Everybody was there on Saturday. I couldn't believe it. Me, the hearing showed up and Nick, and honor on and on and on. And on and on. Everybody, I just was shocking. Everybody you'd ever hoped to see and a few you hoped to see. Bob was there from Cooper City. Right. So, he better govern himself accordingly. And Joey was there and Joe, I didn't see Joe was Joe was there. Joe was there with a friend of his name. We're like backed up against the wall because they were keeping their eye on their truck. They want to make sure they had a Terry Clothing over their license plates, so nobody could take it. And it was just amazing. I've never seen anything like it in my life. We don't want to keep boring you with this, because obviously the rest of you didn't show up, didn't care less. Right. But I think I finally had an impact when I said, let's get some different and new and people to show up because we had a whole tons of people that we've never met before. You put in a few of the chronic regulars. So, just enough to spice it up. Yeah. But a lot of the chronic that we had never met. Yeah. Yeah. Loads of the people. Who do they want to do those things and go out and see the same 100 people every time? You know? I mean, some of them are nice people. And then again, some of Mario Moron. Okay. There's a mobile and braward. Hello. Hi. Yeah. How you doing now? Great. That's what I didn't get a chance to see you in the burq. I guess they're because I wasn't there. And let you know what we weren't there yesterday either, so. That is. That is. That was. So I know I didn't see. Yeah. It's like going out to the colder today. In fact, I guarantee that the valley parkers won't touch anything. That is what it is. Yeah. They're not racing today. Go out to the colder, go out to high line. Yeah. There you go. Have a nice day. Right. I just a couple things like the cut stock. Yeah. There you go. Well, they scored one run in three games. You don't win too many games with a third of a run again. That's true. What happened when they played the match last time, this was like 30. The run was funny. Well, things, you know, the hands that way. You know, I love the way everybody's season upon this. They had won a five-edero in playing two of my three all. Yeah. Up until these three defectors, they don't play well at rigley field. They suck at home. They're great on the road, but they stink at home. Well, I'm trying to clear that stadium down. Exactly. I'm all for that. Yeah. Play in the winner. With artificial turf, they play well on the artificial turf with all those stolen bases. Yeah, but then they got all the old timers. Won't be able to play on that kind of stuff. So I have to start getting some more new players. Little timers. They have the old timers. They're a lot of them. Yeah. He's a real old man. He's 34 years old. He's the oldest guy in the team problem. Yeah. Well, you've played 15 years or an old man, right? Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. And I'll say just want to say max a hack as a douchebag and have an assay. Okay. And the same to you. Okay. 11 15 at WI would do. There's anything you know like about the show. Just call it and we'll change it immediately. Okay. We don't this business about we're not interested. What kind of crap is that? Who said that? Like I was talking about some of the restaurants. Oh. If you have a complaint, they should kiss the ground. I mean, if it's a legitimate complaint. If you're just one of those panning ass people are complaint everywhere. It's like people are going to a restaurant. Order stakes. Okay. And they eat 90% of the state. And then they call over the waiter and they say, this was too tough or was wasn't cooked ground. Not going to pay for it. Okay. Those are just more people looking for a sticking free meal. Yeah. That's like watching 80% of a movie and then walking out and saying, I don't like the movie. I want my money back. Yeah. People do that. That would be like listening to this show till about the till the lightning run. And then saying you want your money back. Okay. Let's go to Boko. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can I get my money back? Okay. Right now is a matter of fact call. Yeah. And you mentioned he's in town today? Yes. Is there any chances coming back? Yes. Well, what do you think he's doing here coming to buy a house? Of course he's here with the chance to get the located again. Hot. Yeah. Of course. I'm going to be the oldest fan. Well, he's a great guy. I talked to him on Friday. And he's still, he's still, you know, I've got a great sense of humor. I don't know how. But I told him he really ought to write a book. He thought I was joking, but I'm not. He should write a book because he's had more nightmares in his business than anybody could imagine. I mean, just beyond belief. Yeah. He really ought to. Including the way they screwed him over at this company. I want to underline that several times because they screwed him here so bad. I remember that. That it's just pathetic. Magic. They ought to hang their heads in shame. Absolutely. Let's put those right here. You know, and then Nick Trigoni's got the gold estate of me when I first came here. Well, you know what bill does this past? That's well, if that's the case, which isn't true. But if it were the case, how come they hired him in the first place? Yeah. That's a douchebag. Yeah. So great. Yes, he is funny guy. I'll do it. Okay. See you. 11 17 at WIOD. What am I getting excited about? I took IOD off my radio button when they fired Bill Calder. And he got, and I'm pretty another guy that really, really screwed him over badly. Badly was how our in-premor over at KAT. I mean, Bill, you know, he wasn't happy working overnight. I said, I am Z. But at least he had a good thing going. We had that thing back and forth. I was on 8 to midnight. He was on overnight. So we used to stick around every now and then. We had a terrific thing going. And he had giant numbers. He beat the crap out of WIOD. And of course, at that time WIOD still had good numbers before most of his audience died. And the bottom line is, the primer comes along and he has him away. In fact, it's in his article about how they were going to resurrect the great entertainers in KAT. I don't know if I ever told a story on the year. But one of the guys who's got a piece of the action of KAT invited me to dinner one night here a couple of years ago. Without telling me what station it was. And then give me this big come on. He's going to give me a piece of the station. I was going to do this and that to resurrect KAT. I wish they would just, and of course, now that it's broken radio, they just broke her the time, which is, which is the smartest way. Now, don't turn it down again. It was so cold in here. We came in with 60 degrees. I put it on 70. Oh, please, please. It's so cold. I mean, if I'm cold, you know it's got to be crazy. You've never complained. These guys are nuts. They're never going to be a new thing now with a studio over here. Maybe they need to open the vents up and they're going to do something because it was so cold in here man today. I thought I was going to die. And I look at the thing that was set on 60 degrees. I mean, people not 60 degrees. You can work in an igloo. And he reaches Mitch reaches his hand in here. And he's got the radio crank it down again. Don't do it. It's just nice now. It's almost up to 64 now. It's just my rough. It's starting to, in fact, my mouth is frozen together. My lips. Anyway, what was I saying about KT? And boy, if I would have ever done that, they come along with all these grandiose ideas and got any idea what they're doing. Just like the thing with Jim Kelly. Remember that? Oh, with the love of Jacket. Covers. And that lasted about 10 minutes. The old East station. I mean, you know, here's somebody, his father will all, whatever. Somebody in the family, Bob Howard the station. How are you used to be a news plunky when I first went over there? He was Joe's real. And he set out there in the lobby one day when this is sunset. Remember the senator from New Jersey? Whatever the hell he was, the state senator, Ernst and, And he set out there. He was ready to fire him. And the new PD who would just come in, quit. So, she brought Howard in instead of firing him. She made him program. He gives you an idea how they run out radio. Yeah, that's kind of like over here. That's a true story. He was waiting that he didn't even know it. He was way ahead. He made a program director. And then all of a sudden, like his father will all, Somebody had bought the radio station. They were $45 whatever. And all of a sudden, he's a programming expert. And what they've done over there. I mean, what they're doing on the years bad enough. Okay, it's pathetic. But the bottom line is what they do to people's careers. I mean, calleders like, and not a child out on the street. He's a guy. You know, he's a human being with a wife and responsibility. And they give him a big song of the answer. He went over there. He's too much personality. You know, too much don't mess around with the traffic guy. And don't do this. And don't do that. And they just made him miserable. And then they were going to let him go. They weren't even going to pay him off. I was the one. I'm always the one who has to be involved in these things. I said, don't you dare leave without forcing them to pay off on the rest of the country. They were going to just screw him all together. Of course. It just pathetic. So anyway, it looks like things are looking up and like he's going to know what's something's going to happen here. So I'll let you know. So I guess I'll probably be gone, but we'll see what happened here. Well, the joke would call the book, do not get in this business. Wouldn't that be a good title for the movie? They're pretty close. I told him the name of the book should be stay out of the book. Seriously? See what I'm saying? Why have you think some joking? I mean, if our good friend can keep writing these stupid books, you know, used to write checks. Now you write books. You know the one. I mean, I come just desperately looking here. I can't, they're not here. I don't know. I just got nuts here with these cards. I can't find anything. Like I said, our good friend, the figure can write all these books. Hi, this Larry King. Yeah, that's the one. That's the one. Twenty two pounds to eleven at WIOD. And take a little break here, I guess, we'll be right back. Twenty six pounds to eleven at WIOD. You went down here? Yeah, I heard the, well, we can take care of that. So we're losers. So losers. Just like I'm losers. I'm losing my mind. I'm wasting my time. You're not to play the whole thing, but we just don't have time. It's very busy Monday, isn't it? Boy, isn't it? I guess. We should be the last ones to talk, but, you know, we do it with people that are desperate to send it over here. A little different. But it's one thing to like, gravel, you know what I mean? All we've graveled on here at times when it looks like we were going to get Shined. But just not to say no, it isn't the same. Not quite the same genre. You're Miami, hello. What's the question? A long time nearly meal. How are you doing, Larry? Okay. I've kind of got to make you Dame Spireport to tie it into that. Oh, that's right. Washington D.C. is a hoarding. No, I guess about three weeks ago. And here she comes, wobbling down the jetway. And seems to be having some difficulty. And she told the flight attendant that was a long show. Oh, what show was that, man? Larry King. Yeah. Oh, right. Yeah, that's your fits in together. And that's yeah. It's from the listen to for about five to ten minutes. But he's only found a listen to when the people from here are calling you. And that's what it's like. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know who that is. What's the question? Hey, yeah. I picked up your show on the ground in Viral Beach. On the ground. I'll just stay in the air. Where are you playing? Oh, in the airplane. That's maybe just in the air. No. On the ground in Viral Beach. Yeah. That's a lot of the clear. Great. And then, hey, I'm on the ground in Viral Beach. Well, there are a lot of people have been on the ground. By the way, when I get done to the image, I'm going to cut all those spots in that little room. It's going to be empty. Right? When I get off, that little, uh, we room in there. Wherever you want. I don't care. Just on a big reel. Just to get it over with like real fast, like in about four minutes. A Viral Beach. Terminal play. Yeah. Terminal. My mom lives there. Nice town, but. But also, listen, understand Robin was at the remote. Robin was there at a terminal amount of time. Okay, just forever. Just on and on and on. But luckily, uh, somebody handled that. It was great. And I didn't know that it was. It was kind of like a pseudo psychological conversation. I heard little bits and pieces in the background. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hey, Glenn. Yeah. I rubbed his age, waist size, and IQ, all the same number. Yes. I see. As she told us that she had come out the Saturday before. And we weren't there. Yeah. That's a true stir. That is true. I love it. So, he's a little confused. I really enjoyed talking to you. Yeah, he was all right. For a while. Well, I enjoyed talking to you guys. Okay. Well, I would say it's about the same. Okay. Have a great day. I would say it. Yeah. Why did I pass to Levin at WU? What was that? WI was. WI was. Well, that was strange. Well, I hear a great record. Which they also don't play. I don't want to start in on magic again. And I know that the trend went zooming. They had these enormous numbers. They're very true. Their music has got to be. They're music has gotten so sour. So bad. I don't know what's wrong with them. I don't know what's wrong with them. Their music sucks compared to what it used to be. It play all these like sleepy, dreamy. It's like gloves 94 oldies. Okay. They'll play Bobby Vitton again. Thirty night. Love how you love me by Bobby Vitton. Or, oh, man. I think that. Him instead of Polish program director over there. Well, music director or something. Okay. Because you know those Polish people in Bobby Vitton. They just go nuts. I haven't heard this record. I can't remember that. It's going to be on like at least every half of our toleration. Never will hear it. Really pisses me off too. Anyway, it's not a dirty wiodine. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. I heard that song because I listened to the cool 105.9 last week. Well, that was a good station. This year is that wonderful. You took that thing from four pairs all the way up to Jack's and Bill. I'll think it back into great station. Absolutely great. They have these little things that they do once in a while too, which makes it nice. You know, when you have an old station like that, you know, that's things. You like to have a thing for everyone in your shows. I know. Yeah. Like our theme today. Yeah. You know, we need pirate radio this week. Doke the plan to come up. Yeah. Thank you. I have for that boy. I wonder how will we get to play the silly. That's what I want to know. I don't know. You'll play the silly's after they trade for a Guerrero guy like that. No one ever gave him a word. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the table with Pete Rose is a little bit of trouble. No, that's just a room. No. Okay. I just thought I was on sports mind. No, no, no, no. In fact, he said, don't bet on it. Yeah. Well, I don't know. It's just, you know, it's nice when you can do cocaine. You can rate people. You can murder, but whatever you do, don't gamble. Well, see, that's what really kills me. And I, of course, I could understand if you're involved in the thing. You can't be betting, you know, there's a conflict of interest. They're obviously there's always the fear that somebody is throwing a game or something. And it, you know, it's dangerous for the integrity of this for, but on the other hand, he always people sitting around where to, who are betting with bookies and or given the odds on high school, polo, water polo games. And they're like decline this terrible thing. He's got this gambling thing. And I, you know, I just, I just don't understand that whole booky thing to begin with. You know, that's a one thing in America. Everybody just winks in laughs and everybody does it. God forbid some guys to get caught like with a prostitute on this being Boulevard. They're going to crucify him in destroy his life and put it on the front page of the newspaper. But if you bet illegally in his country, no problem at all. Yeah. Yeah. I don't understand it. I don't get me wrong. I'm all for gambling, but why the hell isn't it legal? Yeah. That judge, I was pretty funny watching that yesterday. Well, the judge, I don't want to say it. He's already got his comeback line for next week. Well, when he's the spend rose for a year or whatever, the people to say that, he's going to climb up the steps that a court out of you going to say, hey, I never promised you a rose part. Q, not bad. Have a great life, sir. All of that to get to that line. Okay, what was all right, wasn't it? My old moderate. It's 1132 at WI, the It's Over. We have an opening in Palm Beach. I guess we better mention that, huh? And now, I'm going to start this part a little bit early because it's going to take me a little bit of time. Because I want to, we already discussed this with the earlier caller who unsolicited called in right and first call, I think. Yeah. About the melting pot. And, you know, I have to laugh when I listen to my colleague and he afternoon going on about this other second rate, fond duplaced because it's a joke. And all of the melting pot, and he always, he never mentions the melting pot by name. I'll be glad to mention St. Gregory because I, we're not paranoid at the melting pot. And in fact, you notice on national TV a lot of times, they mentioned a competitor by name. That's, that's all I've had if you're not paranoid. And the bottom line is that the reason they don't serve veal, for example, fond dupled with the melting pot is it doesn't work. Not everything is mentioned is meant to be dunked in the fond dupled. I can think of several things right off the bat. And lobster, the same. They tried that originally. The first place to try it was the melting pot. They tried it as a special. I think for five years, they year to show it up. And it's just, they didn't like it. It just didn't work out. They, and they want their product to be fantastic to be sensational to be orgasmic. And that's why they go to great lengths to use the very finest meats in the greatest seafood. And the freshest crunchyest vegetables and a course that great chocolate fondu for dessert, including the unparalleled white chocolate with Amaretto without almonds in a fight or you won't find anything bumpy or lumpy in your chocolate fondu's at the melting pot. Because they don't melt up mess leaves bars with almonds. Okay, just, just not the way it's done. So you can go to the other place and you can get, you know, oh, you get something for free. Which of course is Steve's idea of a great place. He doesn't get something for free. The melting pot, the prices are so reasonable and the food is so great. They don't have to give food away for free to do a tremendous job, which they are. And so the bottom line is if you want a great experience, tremendous service. And delicious fondu, the one place to think of is the melting pot with three locations. Ninety eight thirty five cents a drive in South Miami thirty one forty three north east to hundred sixty third in North Miami Beach. And West Apple Road just east to Pine Island and Cros Springs except no cheap imitators you had for the melting pot. Speaking of shameless. I don't believe this man fat rich just walks into a Monday no less Monday. Straight from his incredible display. I toy out of Hollywood on Saturday in which he ate an entire tray of meatballs while standing up. We're shocking. You're the guy call and said you wait his pizza. We're not to the ice pizza. Is that a true story? Not that he remembers. Right. When you go when you're about where you've eaten so much you're ready to go into a coma. You don't always remember everything that you stole. Okay. So he doesn't remember it but I'm sure it must be true. Anyway, he heard that we had Arnold coming in today so we just happened to come in a little bit early today. And I noticed the barx you noticed I brought my own today because they brought it in the other day free. Steve was happy about that. How you're getting the hang of it. Okay. We're getting the hang of it. But anyway the barx died root beer is incredible. And it'll kind of probably, you know Wayne, he'll probably bring in some birth beers. So you'll have to help him because we got that container we got to give back to him. That they're frosted mug which they do now have frosted mug's over there and it may be a birch beer. Okay. So you don't have to water it down with ice which dilutes the quality of the birch beer. You have to be a real connoisseur for that stuff. Anyway, what was that going to do before he came in and just totally threw me off. I had something very important that was going to pass along something shocking. Just put by. Put right on by. We want to congratulate Zeta by the way and that tremendous remote dated. How would you feel if you went out to do a thing like that and it was like 67 people showed up. And right next door, we were there with people lined up as far as the other. It was a bitter pill of swallowing up there. There was no one there. No idea. A bitter pill of swallowing. Not a person. Well, there's whole audience was there. Yeah. No one a person. What a shame. But like I said, we're going to be speaking of gambling. We're going to be taking up office pool on when Mark Kuhn and Rose Folds are both get it at the same time. How can I lock in that go on? Amazing. Mayors mean. Oh, I know I would show it up today. Of course, we had big smile on his face because here's another one of these Smurming New York met fans. Zalak said, hey, we need to build these. We need to build these. They deal, okay. The Rochester Redwinds could be facilities, okay. Did you on the swoon? Yeah, we lost three games, okay. They forget about the five and a row we won before that, including two in my Fiorl. We'll see how the met's do in my Fiorl. Next three days, okay. We'll see just how great they do up there. Meantime, it's like there's three teams within a half a game. So it's anybody's race. Anybody's race and I grant you we're following a part of the scenes, but we put on a good show for While anyway. Poor Latterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. I don't very. Okay. Don't worry, it's not a couple. He's all upset because he, let me tell the audience a little story. Okay. There were a lot of people who came by on Saturday who were Cub Span's and they had You know, shirts on or caps or whatever. Every time and he wasn't even panning attention. He's talking to Robin and the dark lady for three hours. Okay, but anytime anybody mentioned baseball, all of a sudden his head started perspiring and he got ready in the face, oh, we're going to have to hear about this for three hours. Nobody was even talking to him about it. Okay, but it's just it's like a Pavlovian response. Okay. I can automatic reflex. A little bit of exaggeration. He could be sitting at home, down in candle and somebody in sunrise to be talking baseball. And all of a sudden he starts sweating and getting competitions. He doesn't know why, but he gets upset. I was there outside of the act right again. A autograph from the bird. He was busy. He was real busy. Yeah, I got a picture taken with you, Neil. I don't know if you're mad me out of the hippie type with the hat on. Whatever you say, yeah. I was wondering if I'm going to get that into an 8 by 10. I was wondering if I sent it to you with a return envelope if you could autograph it. Horace, no problem. Just in the 50 or 100 bucks. Okay. No problem. Okay. I was also wondering did a the D lady show up there? Of course. I don't know. I don't want to say it right name. Not the Dorque Lady, but you know. Oh, who? Donna. Oh, no. She never showed up. She didn't have the one of those all talk. She didn't show up there. Or if she did, she didn't, we don't know who he was. Yeah. I know who she is. Unfortunately, the, uh, what's your name? Bambi did not show up with her panties and a lot of guys really pissed about that. True. Right. There were guys taking off there, underwearing a hallway and they were getting upset. Good with that on. That's funny. Great. What is gone? Yeah. That's coming from Arnold's today. Yes, it was. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, that's about it. No, uh, kind of. Star-shocked out there. About what? I don't know. Just seeing you in person, you know, you just son of. Yeah. It's shocking, isn't it? That's why we stay inside most of the time. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Let me call all Rob and Todd. You're both a couple of douche bags. You're right. Okay. Thank you. See you. Bye. Funny till noon at WIOD. Boy, it's a great day for the Irish, isn't it? That's an old thing. It's a great day for the Irish. I don't know what the hell that means. Uh, glory fades for radio news. We have it at too much of a chance to get in this in depth.