And boy, what timing, man? Media here, not from all over the country. The media are in this town from all over the world, from every country in the world. And all these wonderful stories we're going to be written about Miami this week. And every single one of them is going to be true. That's all they're going to be about. All right, let's do a little break and we'll come back. And like I said, if you're looking for fun in games for me today, you're not going to get it. Because I am foaming at the mouth. How the hell long can this go on? It can this be tolerated? Every excuse that these groups of barbarians get man, they're right there to jump on a bandwagon and seize the opportunity. And one thing I did not hear yesterday when I left here, going home, I didn't hear any concern about this community. And what this is going to do to this community. And the fact that it's the lead story now on CNN and every newspaper and every newscast all over America. The only reason we got upstage a little bit yesterday for the lead story was this other apparent, this horrendous, grotesque episode in Stockton, California. But that thank God was an isolated incident. Although these things just happened to damn often in this country, in this gun-craised country. Well, let me do the break. I'm going to get way behind. I got a lot to say today. Believe me. A lot to say. And I'm going to say it all. I'm not going to sit here. I'm not going to yield a lily. And I'm not going to tell you what you want me here. I'm going to tell you the truth. It's 1014 at WIOT. It's 17 past 10 at WIOT. And I got to tell you, I don't find anything humorous at all. I'm not in any of this. There are people like this who think that this is some kind of a big joke. I don't find it in the least bit humorous. It's disgraceful. And the episode in Stockton, California, brought me back to reality. For a while there, I guess it's getting like a lot of other people and just angry. You just can't be angry forever. And so over the last couple of years, really changed my opinion about guns and gun control. And I was convinced for a while there that, yeah, we all ought to have guns. You know, five-year-old kids ought to be running around with guns because only the criminals and all that other propaganda we hear from the NRA, the sick people in the NRA and there are a lot of sick ones. But this country is sick, man. They're out of their minds with guns. They're obsessed. They're still living the wider John Wains Syndrome in this country. Now, how in, you know, one of the things I noticed on the story out of Stockton, they can't imagine how this guy, with all of his problems in his history, how he got these weapons. How is he able to go in and just walk in and buy him? Wasn't it like an oozeer? Yeah. It's an automatic weapon. We had three of them. Three? Three of them, you know. And all the shooting that you hear going on, the gunfire, the exchange, the shootouts in over time, the liberty city. But I mean, again, all these punks have got weapons. Yeah. And I don't understand why. Automatic weapon. But that's because we live in a real sick society. And you people refuse to give a damn about these things. You think that everybody ought to walk around like why it are up with a gun in a holster. Remember the period of time when we were talking about this? And people said, oh, yeah, we see nothing wrong. You know, as long as you got it, the showing, you got a holster walk into the malls with a, with a, with a a six-udinary side like wild billhickock. Okay? I mean, you people are nuts. And that's why in a civilized countries in Europe, they look at America, and they think we're a bunch of barbarians. And, you know, something, they're right. And just like Howard Beale said, you know, he wasn't crazy. He was the same as one of them all. You watch this crap that comes out of the tube every day. And you begin to believe that this is the way things are supposed to be. This is not the way civilized people live. I was at Pumpettle Park last night at the track. And I want to tell you another thing that was handled really in a board of situation. And that's with a Miami heat game. Here they've got that beautiful arena down there. And miraculously, they're getting great fan support and spite of the horrible baller plane. But, you know, that's to be expected. There were new expansion team. And people understand that. And the game was sold out over 15,000 tickets sold out for last night. And what did they do? They waited and they waited and they hemmed and they hard and they disson it out. They got a whole bunch of people. There were 500 people inside already by the time they followed the game off. And thousands of others on the road on the way to the game. And anyway, I was at the track last night. Some of the people who were there were telling me about the episodes that occurred about how their windshield were just totally smashed. And they said, hundreds, that may be they're exaggerating. But at least dozens of other people who made the sad mistake of driving into those areas had bricks and bottles thrown at their vehicles and had their windows smashed. All the referees were. And the referees were assaulted is which made big headlines news today in Europe, newspapers. So we got the arena there all right. But we can't play a basketball game. And I heard some of the comments from some of these animals saying, well, gee, they got some nerve. You know, they should have called it off. One of our people got killed and they're still going to help hold the game. That's why we're going to disrupt. Everything is an excuse to disrupt. Because some perhaps trigger happy cop, and I say, perhaps again, although at this point, I don't, I don't find anything else. I mean, they're just nothing else there. They haven't even made up a good excuse yet. They're just nothing whatsoever in the accounts of that incident from the motorcycle and the shooting that could possibly justify shooting this guy in a head, no less. Not shooting a tie right on the motorcycle or not shooting somebody in the leg or they armed to disable them, but shooting him in the head. So I'm not condoning that. No one can condone it. And anybody wants to tell me that we just have these isolated police incidents in this community needs a good shrink, OK? Or is living in some kind of a dream world? Because we have them one after another after another. But to turn this town into an incinerator is absolutely unacceptable. And how long does it take the mayor and the chief of police to determine that if they're going to make this community safer people to live in, they're going to have to act quickly and decisively and not stand around like referees at a hockey game watching from a distance waiting for it to all feet around. It didn't go to feet around, OK? Oh, yeah. Here's the entire page. Oppaid page in the US today. And tire page, we made it again, folks. The poll question that they take on CNN National Television last night. Do you think that the police caused the unrest in Miami? That was the poll question. So we're making it every minute of every major newscast. But then there are those people, as I said, who are on your evidently don't give a damn about the repercussions for this community. I mean, this is like the end. It's like the patient has been an intensive care Orlando, Daytona, Bahamas, all these other areas, taking all the tourism, all the business. It's 80 degrees today or 78, whatever it's going to be. It's a magnificent day. I'm driving to work. There's not a cloud in the sky. Mike is saying it's going to be 78 today. We broke the record yesterday, 85. All these people are here to have a good time to get some sunshine to get out of the cold, to see this community at its best. And what are we given? We give them the same old crap that this town has been plagued with as long as I can remember. We give them cannibalism, barbarianism. That's what we give. Because you live in your little sheltered condos and your little ivory towers, placed it off from all of it. And just like Howard Beale said, leave me alone. Let me have my sweet and low and my my junk and my canaster game and everything will be okay. And this cannot continue. This cannot continue. And if they have to round up these barbarians and put them out at chrome somewhere behind wire fences and keep them there, the happiest people of all will be the law abiding black people who live in overtime and liberty city and don't want to be terrorized every day by a bunch of animals. They'll be the happiest ones. It's 1024 a day. W-I-O-D. 1028 a W-I-D. We got a Miami police officer who worked in over town last night. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm not with Miami, but I was down there last night through a bunch of people that were different departments working last night. Right. The only difference between this and the four or five others that I've experienced in the last 20 years is that they knew something was coming. But because they like your favorite tune, be happy. Yeah. And worry, they weren't to make it all like it this going away. Same. The reason he didn't cancel heat came and encouraged everybody to get on a metro mover and come down there while I got a crowd moving into the whole thing. The overtime state. Yeah. Well, you see the problem is that we got the Super Bowl game and of course, you know, as important as it is to a lot of people, it's still a football game. Exactly. And the future of this community is a hell of a lot more important to a lot of us than a football game. So the same move in takers that got the metro rail down into some God for second places that it goes. We built the stadium in some God for second place. You're right. There are 90% of the people probably down there are decent people and was like to see the ones that were out last night disappear, but that won't happen. And they're not realistic about it. We sit back and the city might be so shell-shocked now that they're afraid to do anything. They took a hit and regardless of what the result of the shooting comes out to be, whether the guy was right, wrong, in between, partially right, partially wrong. They can't just stop reacting to the rest of the animals that are out there doing their things. Yeah. And they have. They decide to do that. There's those care to do anything. They have 30 car car bands, a four-guys each. But they're kind of like, OK, you want to burn that down? We'll go surround it and watch it burn. Yeah. We did that all last night. And I'm just getting tired. I think the indecisiveness that went on to me was incredible, not just with a heat game. But there were going to be a curfew. I kept hearing that there was an 80-clock curfew and anybody else who was on the streets after way to clock was going to be rounded up and taken away. And then next minute I see the police chief on television. I was watching at the race track. They had on the TV monitors. And I'll know curfew were just waiting things out. And the meantime, all of this went on and on and on and on. And what were they waiting for? Well, I think everybody is, like you said, this is our supposedly our weaker two weeks in the sunshine and regroup all this stuff. We've lost over the past 10 years. And it's not going to happen. Who cares? We have to stay here. The rest of these people are going to go away. That is a very common fact. And that is correct. I've got a little while to go yet. But I think I better put the house up for sale now because it might take that long to sell. Nobody wants to be here in a place like this. OK, I pretty much agree. How long is it? I'll see it. I took most of my thunder year. I agree with most of what you said. Thanks a lot. But 1031 and WIOD. Do you know I get this a wrap that I'm anti-police. And I'm not anti-inithing. I'm anti-corrupted police. I'm anti-overreactive police. And I'm anti-bad police. See, I have a real strange philosophy. You know, correct me if I'm wrong. But there are certain occupations like doctors and policemen where the individual has the power of life and death over a lot of people. So I don't think there's a lot of room for error. I mean, we're all human. And we get all make a mistake. But if a brain surgeon screws up or if a surgeon cuts off the wrong leg or whatever it is. And it's as I'm sorry, I made a mistake. It's not a satisfactory answer. So when people continue excusing a lot of the police brutality and excesses and just plain insanity and try to say, oh, the least we just isolated episodes and I'm pro-cop. I don't buy that. There's no such thing as pro-cop or anti-cop, unless you're just an automaton. The world just isn't that way. It can't just put everything into a nice, neat little package and say, oh, this is good. And this is bad. And this is, it just life doesn't work that way. Everything, every issue, every part of our existence involves shades of gray, the matter of degree. And so if you want to pseudo-electualize all of this stuff, I guess you can do that if you want to make it some kind of an exercise, like metal masturbation. I guess you can do that. But this isn't a pseudo-electual subject. It's real, man. It's out there. You can touch it. You can smell it. I was coming to the work this morning. And as I got off 95 and came over on 79 street to the cause where I watched people in the other cars and vans and people looking around, there was a certain uneasiness in the faces of a lot of these people. And it certainly can't wonder why. Because we're right on the fringe of it right here. That's right. And like I said, a couple of years ago, when I started building the arena right there on the fringe of overtime, I was definitely wrong about one thing. I didn't think people would go there. And I didn't think this town would support a loser. I've been wrong about both of those things. I've had great attendance. And I've been enthusiastically supporting them through a disaster season, OK? But how many more episodes like this is it going to take before people start wondering, hey, do I really want to go back there? Now, those people who want to say that these are isolated episodes, again, they either haven't been here very long or they're living in some kind of a dream world. Remember what we had the whole series of episodes where these punks from overtime and liberty city were getting under the, we're walking under the entrance and exit ramps of I-95. And a costing people as they were entering or leaving the highway is they were slowing down. Yes. And throwing bricks through their windshields. OK. Jerry Sullivan, who was once the program director of this radio station, we're going to meet me one day when they were first, a couple of years ago, talking to me about coming to work here. And I went to the restaurant up in plantation and waited and waited and he never showed up. And I went home and I got a phone call. They had thrown a brick through the windshield of his brand new car. Mm. Mm. Mm. Now, I guess some people forget that Governor Graham had ascended and they floored a highway patrol because we didn't have enough police to take care of these problems with barbarians on Interstate 95, attacking people and dragging them out of their cars and stealing their money, and throwing bricks and bottles through their windshields. This is not acceptable behavior and the people who do it aren't humans, so I shouldn't say people, they're animals. OK. And I don't know about you, but I don't fancy myself wanting to live with a bunch of barbaric animals. It's 1035 at WLWL. From UIOD. It's 1040 at WIOD. Speaking of sports talk tonight, six to eight, Joseph Gacky will be talking live from Super Bowl headquarters at the High Ed Regency of be talking to a several guests, including Larry Zonka, former Dolphin Great Running Back, so that's coming up from six to eight tonight. Anyway, although I don't, I got to be honest with you. It's so much of this overshadows the game itself, which is unfortunate because whether you like the game or not or you're interested or not, is not relevant. It's a game. It's supposed to be fun. It brings millions of dollars into the economy. One of the reasons that Joe Robby built the stadium was not only that the dolphins that have a nice or facility to play in, and hopefully get better attendance, which has a workout. But also that we would be a viable site for the Super Bowl, as you know, now that the Orange Bowl had basically by the league been declared dilapidated, outdated, and antiquated. And low and behold, here we have it this year. And look at the great job we're doing, man. I think if we all live long enough, we might get it here again someday. But not soon. Mm-hmm. Great. So really, this is, I started to say this before, and I sidetracked myself, but it's like the patient has been an intensive care. You know how in the movies or in a soap opera is there's always always seems to be some kind of a scene in one of those hospital type movies, or somebody is like in a godfather, that was a movie where he was lying in bed, and they were going to come to try to take away the life support systems. And in godfather, too, myor landscape was lying there and bed, and he put the pillow over his head. Sure. Basically, that's like what's happened to us here now this week. The patient has been lying there in intensive care with all the life support systems attached to it. And now somebody has come along and yanked it all away. And it's like we're a corpse. It's like this community is dead. The beach has been dead for a lot of years, but nobody wants to admit it. They want to keep lying to you. Tell you, oh, there's this incredible comeback. Man, it's great. Therefore, a crap, okay. They're lying to you. Like crazy. Bob Cox and they morons up and for a lot of day, I'll kill that city. Very quickly, by the way. One thing about them, man, they didn't waste any time. You know, the beach that took years to do it. But in for a lot of day, a bingo in two years, we went from god only knows how many hundreds and hundreds of thousands of tourists in all kinds of excitement and life and living and breathing people to an outdoor funeral parlor. Killing an institution that had been going on for over 30 years since the middle of 50s. And in essence, saying, oh, go to Daytona, go to Texas, go to New Orleans. Go step, we don't want you here. We don't want your money. We don't want, we just don't want anybody here except those who are ready to die. And I get on a year of day after day after day, after day, you say these, you've got to be blind not to see these things. The problem is most people in this community don't have the balls to say it. Okay, that's the problem. Hey, let's just go along like Allison Wonderland. Like none of this, you know, like the guy said, be happy, don't worry. Mm-hmm. Just be oblivious. That was our code word for the day of the day of oblivious. Just pretend it is an out there. Well, I don't know how you can do that. I mean, unless you just totally insensitive and have no redeeming human features, whatsoever, how can I help can you live in the middle of this or even remotely connected to it and just be oblivious? So we got all these disconnected, disjointed municipalities. There's no city here. There's no core. There's no nothing here. I've been saying that for years. I mean, in New York, you know that Manhattan is the core of what New York is all about. I mean, there are millions of people live in Brooklyn and in the Bronx and in Queens. But you know what New York is all about. You know where the center of it is. In Detroit, you know where the center of it is. With all their problems, they're still an identifiable tangible city. And in Los Angeles, even with all of their problems, man, and they got more problems, you can check a stick at. You still know what they what when you think a Los Angeles, there are still certain things places that you can think of. But here, what have we got? We got to sunrise and we got tamarack and we got plantation and we got coral cables. We got all these disjointed municipalities. Where is it? Where is it? Where is the center? Where is the tangible center of this world-class city that they keep telling us about it? Sure, isn't Miami. I mean, people have been fleeing out of Miami. Like there was massive leprosy or something in Miami. How many people in Miami speak English? How many people don't want to go to Miami because they feel like foreigners in a wrong city? So when you live in the suburbs of Detroit, as I have done, or of New York, or of any other real cosmopolitan area, you still feel you know what Chicago is. You know what Detroit is. Okay, you happen to live here as related to downtown, not here. Here it's like everybody's in their own little thing. None of which have anything to do to the one next to it. I mean, Detroit, you can live in Roya, Loker, you can live in Hazel Park, you can live in South Florida, but you're still in Detroit. And yeah, we put up a couple of new buildings. Hey, look at this. We have people with no vision. We have people who have no concept of what they want this community to be. Except an outdoor funeral parlor in a dumping ground for refugees and illegal aliens. And again, these are the things you just not supposed to say these things. We're supposed to be an area that has just endless infinite capacity to take care of everybody from all over the world. We have infinite endless resources. That's why we got thousands of people sleeping on the streets. Because we have infinite resources. And where are the Xavier? And where the hell a Steve Clark been in the middle of all this? Is he in hiding again somewhere? Is he in the damn closet again? Haven't seen him. Every time we have a crisis in date, County, Steve Clark goes off into hiding somewhere. Can't be found. I didn't see him down there in over town or in Liberty City. Did you? Dad, I haven't heard one quote. I haven't seen him on camera. I don't have any idea where he is. And he's supposed to be the mayor of this county. These are people with no vision, with no courage, with no guts, with no nothing. And all they do is belly a can bitch. And all the federal government's doing that. Well, if the federal government is doing things to us, then you folks ought to be doing something about it. Take a fleet of buses and put these people back on those buses and send them back to Brownsville Texas with a one-way ticket to ride, okay? To spread the word that we don't have infinite capacity here. And we aren't going to let this administration do to us with Jimmy Carter today years ago. We can't handle it. Right away, if you say that, you're anti-Hispanic, you're a big head. You're the I'm so sick and tired of all that crap. But I'm so tired of the professional ethnic mentality that exists in this community. My God, aren't we all human beings? Or are we just latins or angloes or blacks or whites or Jews or Christians? My God, that gets so damn old. And how many times have I talked about that stupid thing that they perpetuate here in the media about are try ethnic community? Like this is some bizarre experiment, which explains why we have all these social problems here. Like it doesn't exist any place else. Are these people ever been in Los Angeles? My God, you go into Hollywood now in Los Angeles. You drive through there in all the signs are in Chinese and in Vietnamese. And how many million Mexicans are there in California? Huge Spanish population in LA. And orientals, a very size, shape and variety. And I don't hear anybody say Los Angeles is a try ethnic community. If you said that in New York, they'd laugh at you. I mean, New York ever since its inception practically has been a melting potty, conglomeration of every kind of black, white, green purple. You can name it, they got it. And when they have problems there, they'll all, well that's because we have our try ethnic community. That's because we got a bunch of redneck Yahoo's running this town who've never even been out of the state of Florida. We got a bunch of crackers. We got the cracker mentality. They don't even know what a metropolitan city is all about. They wouldn't know what if it bit them on the lip. And all they want to do is keep running around feathering their own nest and bragging about oh, where world class city, where the gateway to Latin America, where this, where that, that's a lot of crap. I remember when that happened in the early 80s. Oh, yeah, we don't have to worry about the Reagan depression, where the gateway to Latin America, and then the devaluation of the Peso occurred, man. And those people who were bringing all that cash up here, buying all those video recorders and electronics equipment and everything else they get their hands up, they stop coming. Because their money wasn't worth anything anymore. And you know something, they haven't come back. And they are going to come back. Now I know that there are terrible sinful evil places in America like Las Vegas and Reno and Tahoe. Where they have riots every day. I never read about any. I never experienced any. I never heard about any of them. But certainly they must have because those are dense of an equity man. Sin, they have casino gambling. They have conventions. They've got hotels that are full all year round. Not just for two months out of the year when they call it the season. Hey, man, it's the season. Now you can come down here and you don't even have to live in a condo. How do you like that? This community needs some leadership, some people with some vision, some people with balls. And we don't have one of them. We don't have one of them in this town. Not one. And as far as the black communities concerned, anytime somebody offers himself a office like when Marvin Dunran for mayor in Miami, oh, we're not going to vote for him. He's very do a white woman. He's an uncle Tom. Now let's put brilliant people like Miller Dawkins in office, man. There is a great brilliant man who represented the black community, right? Almost like a brain surgeon. And I can in the reason that I gave up doing this kind of program two years ago is because I could sit here and I could sweat my brains out every day and scream and holler and get my blood pressure up. And it doesn't mean a goddamn thing. Okay, it isn't going to change anything in his god forsaken town. I was thinking when I was coming to work, I talked about Leonardo look out the window and the sunny shining in his magnificent at the 18th of January. And I was thinking the only reason it's like this today is because the politicians haven't figured out a way to screw the weather up yet. Some day if we live long enough, they'll figure out how to screw that up too, okay? But they haven't done it yet. It's 1051 at WIOD. I want to tell you about truck. WIOD, I could go on for the whole four hours, which I'm not going to do. I could just sit here and ramble on. I could have called you and said stay home today. No, I know. But I didn't do it. And there's no point just going on a four hour soapbox because as I said, you can keep repeating the same things over and over forever. And the fact that you got a whole bunch of different groups out there, you have those who don't care and are never going to care. Like I said yesterday, you cannot force people to care about things that they don't care about. No matter how much you believe they ought to care, if they don't care, there is no it's like the old saying can take a horse to water but you can't make them drink. And it's the same thing here. And we've got a community where we have all these Neanderthals, you know, cloistered away in their condos with their little supermarket right there next door and their little dollar movie theater and their little buffet. I don't want to say Sadie's because that would make me sick. You know, all of this stuff where they live in their own little world. They're not a part of anything. That's one of the reasons we can't, we haven't filled up that stadium once. If indeed the game takes place on Sunday, if indeed it takes place, it'll be the first time since that stadium has been built that it's been filled up. And I got news for you, man. That's one of the most beautiful stadiums in the country. I hate to use the expression pardon us, Tom Jakob, but it's state of the art. Yeah. The location couldn't possibly be better. Unless they brought it right to your living room, it couldn't be better. It's right at the date, Rowered Line. It's right at the turnpipe. It's just so easy to get there that it's on the end. Yeah, they got parking problems. Life just isn't that simple. It's like when I lived in Detroit and we used to go to Tiger Stadium right downtown and one of the worst parts of the city. And every time you park there, you'd pay a kid a dollar to watch your car. And you know, they still would break it and steal stuff. But at least, you know, they wouldn't rip it up. You could get home. Okay. And that was never an excuse. And even with garbage teams during a lot of those years, they still packed in there like crazy. But this is a community that just doesn't care because we brought in all the wrong folks. Okay. I'd say we got about 70% of the population here that ought to go someplace else like back where they came from. It's like that movie that I saw the other night towards song trilogy and Anne Bankcroft after her husband dies in the sun says, what are you going to do now? Oh, I'll go to Florida. He says, what for us? Is oh, that's where we all go. We all go. We all go to Florida. For what? What logic is there that says that if you're living in reading person somehow you have to freeze your ass off all your life, until you obtain a certain aid student coming here and get a senior citizen discount? What logic is there in that? Why can't this be a cosmopolitan city with a balanced demographic just like any other city? I don't understand. This is a con game that the developers have been playing for years while they've been ruining this area. The same developers that stole all the beach and they'd county and gave it to all the hotel people and the condo people. They just stole it from the public. And now they want to do the same thing in Fort Latterdale. Of course, they won't make any difference because nobody's going to be going there anyway. So Bob Cox can have the beach they can just have a big gigantic module on game up there on the beach. They're going to make any difference because there'll be nobody there under the age of 100 by the time they get through with it. And I don't have any, you know, anybody that comes on a year and starts giving you simplistic answers is a BS artist. Okay, there are no simplistic answers because it's going on so long and gotten so complicated. There are no easy simplistic answers. There's no magic pill. Anybody that wants to narrow it down? Well, it's, you know, the pro police people against the anti-police or the racist against the real, uh, it's a lot of crap. Okay? The bottom line is that we've got problems just like any other major urban area, but you don't solve the problems by being barbarians and by destroying your own city and burning down people's businesses that they've worked their entire lives to build up and destroying their lives and their families. Like a disease, it spreads, it's contagious, it's all through these communities. We're just supposed to sit here and say, oh, it's an isolated incident, forget it, life goes on as sunny shining, right? Okay, we'll come back and get to your calls after the news. Henry is standing by with the 11 o'clock Wiod News and we'll come back at 1105. It's 1106 at Wiod. We're back for our number two. Steve will be along at two this afternoon. I see that his guest today has been canceled. Has he got some other guests? Well, we'll find out as we go along in on one of those things. Okay, we have an open line. It's in Boka at 278-9463 where somebody got impatient. I can't say that I, you know, blame him. But it's a way it goes. One of those situations where what I have to say is a lot more important than one of these people have to say, if I can say that myself, okay? Our first call of this hour and four peers, hello. Yeah, morning. There's a netto, but yeah, I call because I guess it was just trying to stress a point that you made this morning and it's really directed toward a lot of people that I heard call yesterday, not only in your show, but on a Steve's cane show and I would classify You got a radio on? That could be it. Yeah, there it goes. Okay. I would classify them as a gun-co-militant. Okay, these are the people that think that the police didn't do enough in the situation and should have shot a couple of people and I would have made this situation a lot better. Well, let me say this to you. I want to apologize to a caller I had yesterday, although I was a little suspicious about his motivation. But I cut somebody short who was saying that the police didn't do enough, but in looking back he was right. I'm not saying they should have shot a bunch of people, but they sure as hell shouldn't engage in this practice of standing back and watching people burn down buildings. And as I said, you know, assume the posture of the hockey referee, you know, where there are those folded standing back and watching the destruction of these communities, it's not acceptable. And if we don't have enough manpower and we do have to call in the national guard, then the powers that be should have the guts to do it. And let's put a stop to it instead of just standing back and watching people burn down their own community. It's unacceptable. I guess what I was trying to get across them was that, you know, like in any organization, you know, whether the police department or the ACU or even the clergy, you're always going to have a few people that, you know, or, you know, just, you know, they're, I don't know what you call them, you can call them a Schlepper or whatever you want to call them. But, you know, like you have clergy people that molest children and you know, you have a couple of these officers, they, you know, you know, you don't have a couple. Sir, please don't insult my intelligence, okay? We have massive police corruption in this community and we've had a succession of these grotesque episode. We just had the, the beating death of this alleged drug dealer Mercado. I mean, our police supposed to be the judge in jury and then carry out the justice and kill people. Is that what law enforcement's all about? See, don't please don't get sucked into this idea that it's one against the other, it's either the blacks or the police or the, that's not how life works. We have serious, serious problems in law enforcement in this community in Hailea and in Miami and other parts of South Florida and just to say, well, or a couple of bad apples and any bunch, it's not acceptable. It's not acceptable and somebody has to take the leadership and every time we have one of these incidents right away, like when the Mercado case, right away, here's the Hispanic police officers association and they're out there marching in the streets and protesting because the officers involved in the incident happen to be Hispanic. What the hell difference does it make? What their ethnic background is? You know, when somebody kills you, you're just as dead, whether they're Anglo or Hispanic or black or they make any difference. What they're all about. Once they kill you, you're dead. So please don't be naive, sir. Don't cut sucked into this crap about, well, we got a couple of bad cops. We've got a police situation in this community that is disgraceful. That is out of control. Hi, I don't want to mind you. I'm not really, I can't say you know, I'm right there. Where do you live? I'm in for peer. I mean, for peers? Yeah. Okay, sir. Well, listen, good luck to you. He's in for peers and he's telling us we got a couple of bad apples. Hmm. Hmm. See, here's another guy who's in who, you know, believes that life is a talk show. Life is not a talk show, okay? This isn't a question of just some, somebody getting on an opening his mouth and, you know, giving opinions that are all right or all wrong. The bottom line is this is a very complicated mess. Well, that has an interesting line on the screen. I could do the entire rest of the show on a line. He says since 1980 in this community, every rider disturbance has been started by a cops error. That isn't true. The, you know, it depends on what you want to call disturbance. The disturbances on interstate 95, which went on for months where we had to bring in the Florida highway patrol, which weren't in the same setting as a series of fires and lootings and so on. But that certainly was a civil disturbance that had this community in an uproar. That wasn't because of something a policeman is because we had a bunch of barbarian animals out there who were stopping people's automobile so they could steal their money and destroy their cars. But basically what you say is true. So this isn't something new that we just discovered that we have police excesses in this community. We have a bunch of trigger-happy cops out there. And a lot of them are scared to death and if they're scared to death, they should go to work in birdines or something okay. They shouldn't be police officers. I know they have a thankless job and an almost impossible job and I would want it for all the money in the world and they're grotesquely underpaid but nobody forces them to get into what they know it up front. Okay. One of those deals where you know it up front. We have an X-co... well let's see we got to do the break and I will get to him because it probably you want to give him a couple of minutes. We have an open line and you guessed it. It's in Palm Beach 655 WIOD. If you've ever been turned down for a loan because of a negative credit rating or an aggravated with the credit bureaus then you owe it to me. It's 1114 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boko where somebody dropped off to 789463 and we'll go to overtime. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yeah. Hey man. I'm on the answer question. Yeah. I'm on the who you call an animal in overtime. Who is an animal? Yeah. Who you tell me who that animal is. We want an answer to the question. Yeah. Who you call an animal with her? You're explaining that to me. I will if you'll be quiet and listen. It's not just an overtime. It's anywhere. People are going to the streets and take out their anger or alleged anger or season opportunity to who are this town is turning into. It's good that you're bringing these kind of things out. I'm going to retire in New York City to take the life. I went through WIOD's riots in New York and they named them as as they do this one a race riot. I don't believe that that top knew who he was shooting. He just overreacted and he's stupid or whatever and he would have shot his brother if he was driving by in that motorcycle in the dark. I don't believe that that top knew who he was shooting. It's certainly not racial. In New York. What do you mean it's certainly not racial? How do you know that? Do you really think that that top was waiting for a if that was a white car? I mean you want me to give you an honest answer? I haven't got any idea. I'm not inside his head. I don't know him. I don't know anything about him. I don't know anything about his record. You don't know him. You know this business again to go back to what you say about a show. You know you can go on a year if you want to do this, you know what all these instant experts who have an an answer for everything within 25 minutes of it happening. I don't have the answers. I don't know what he was thinking about. Maybe he was scared to death. Maybe the guy in a motorcycle made some kind of threatening comment or gesture. I don't know. Oh, what I'm saying is he would so far I haven't seen any ever. How do you know that? You have to have a bit of sense. Well, you would have to have a bit of sense. You think that the cops that killed Arthur McDuffy had sense? No, but I don't think they killed him because he was black. No, of course not. If he was, you know, I was in file and he's kind of riots and the cops are scared as the people. Well, listen if they're scared then they shouldn't be to. They should like I said should be opening up a subret hotdog stand on a street corner somewhere and go find a nice easy job. Okay, so you're having a nice day while you ponded the situation. It's 1119 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463. See, it's it's very unusual. I wish you'd get that call for example. It's obvious that the black kid who called before had no idea who I am or what this program is all about or anything about anything because the people in overtime and liberty city are not listening to this radio station or listening to WEDR. Okay, or to hot 105 or 996. They're not listening to these programs. Oh, my amy. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Meal. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to call yesterday. I couldn't get through to you and see if how you doing today. Good show. What can we do for you? Yeah, listen. I thought I had a good scoop for you. Today I wanted to talk to some of the fellas that work here. The living living city in overtime. I wanted to get to a tinny and I want to happen. It gave me a new perspective on the whole situation. I just wanted to be ready to because I only saw a small article and I held about it. I asked them what they thought of when it was getting killed on a motorcycle. And uh, philtumbia says, he was such a beast. He's up doing drugs. They're like, I would be through that liberty city. And that is in the right hand and it's motorcycle. So the cops can't catch it. Well, you thought it's in other words. You assume that the police officer is shot him. New that is that what you're trying to assume that it's true, which I have no reason to do. I just want to say this one. I'll just want to let the whole community jump to gun, right? They did it. Never Johnson. I'm sorry. You're all in situation. No. What do you mean you don't want the whole community jump to gun they already did? They already did. They had no facts. They had no concept really of what happened. Except maybe those who immediately were in the area and saw it themselves. These other people didn't have any. Don't you understand that the people who are committing all these barbaric acts? They're not doing it as a response to the shooting. They're using that. That as an excuse. Every plan there's another excuse. You don't go out and loot somebody's store and steal 80,000 dollars of worth of food because you're mad that somebody got shot. You do that because you're a barbaric animal. So what about? Does that mean that we shoot him in the head? That's one person person. But I haven't heard of it. It's a joy-writing young man. Not a convicted talent. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk what he is. Sir, it doesn't make any difference. What you'd call him. The bottom line is he is dead. He didn't. Wasn't shot because he was committing any grotesque crime other than speeding 60 miles an hour on a motorcycle that we know of. And the other party who's dead is dead because he was in a wrong place at the wrong time. Well, just amazing. And this is what disturbs me. Every time you try to have one of these discussions, it's another reason that I'm glad that most of the time we don't do these kind of shows, is because you've got all these mavens out there, man. All these instant experts. You've got all the answers. They've got to it all analyzed. You don't have any idea what you're talking about. Okay. It's so more fun. So much I can't imagine. That means did the cop shoot him because he was black. How they held the wine, oh. But are we supposed to assume that it's just a series of coincidences that Arthur McDuffy was black and Neville Johnson was black. And this guy was black. Just a series of coincidences. And is it also just a coincidence that we can almost never convict a cop in his town on anything no matter what they do? Rarely do we ever convict a cop? Something got to be wrong in that. I mean, we got so much police corruption here. It's difficult to tell the law biting people from the cops other than which ones are wearing the uniforms. And sometimes even at does not tell you. It's 1123. I guess it would be 26 past 11 at WI of these. These guests this afternoon are revering Carlton Coleman of the new Providence missionary Baptist Church. And the some other guests still pending and they'll obviously be discussing beyond going disturbances in our community. And our group and disturbances. Yeah, riots, disturbances, civil disobedience. Whatever you want to call it makes no difference whatsoever. Correct, riots. Do it all. Yeah. It still amounts to the same thing. So that'll be coming up in depth discussion with some of the people who obviously live in these areas and are familiar with the areas. One of the additional brilliant things to go back to that aberrant call we had about 10, 15 minutes ago. This morning they started fires in a church in our community. And so you see when you get angry, you burn down your own businesses and you burn your churches. And no question about it, pal. This is definitely the way to solve the problem. Hmm. It works every time, doesn't it? Now you have USA today. There I wasn't going to say anything about this, but it really frosted me. I wouldn't have said anything except for the fact that T. Willard Fair has an interview on the op-ed page. He also showed up unfortunately on this station yesterday. T. Willard Fair is an avowed black races to hate white folks. T. Willard Fair bragged in my show many years ago that as a young man in his community when he worked in the kitchen of a restaurant he used to spit in the soup to get even with the honkeys. T. Willard Fair was quoted several years ago when he had the last major riots in overtime in 1982 after the Neville Johnson shooting. He was shown in the newspaper in a herald and next day playing golf out on the golf course when he was asked why he wasn't there in a community. He said, oh, they got it under control. They're meaning meaning that the things that were going on, the disturbances in the fire were the right solution of the problem. He says they'll take care of it. They're doing the right thing. And he's being quoted. See, that's another problem of this community. We got about a half a dozen of these chronic regular spokesmen. You know, this one is a spokesman for the black community. Mr. Kunst is a spokesman for the gay community and all these other chronic people who keep popping up in the media and they're not spokesman for anybody. So it's interesting that a public national publication like USA today would fair it out someone as distasteful as Mr. Fair to be a responsible spokesperson under these circumstances. All I notice is comments have tempered somewhat over the years, but yeah. And I don't see you right. You know, I don't see Steve Clark here. I keep looking at all. We haven't seen a high nor a hair. Not of Mr. Clark or any of the magnificent nine the Metro Commission. Now the last time I checked, I could be wrong, but the last time I checked over town in Liberty City and coconut grove are all in date County. Now maybe that's changed maybe we have something new that happened while we were doing all that frivolous lighthearted stuff and we miss I don't think so. I think there's still a date County and I don't see the Metro Commission or the County manager involved in these things in any way shape or form. But part for the course, maybe Steve is a breaking a bottle of champagne over a boat somewhere. He's very good at that. That's his area of expertise. Mr. Clark. My amy. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing now? Okay. It's funny. You were just mentioning about Steve Clark where he is the commissioner reminds me of Ferrar when he was skiing to into my zuffy right. Yeah. Instead of being down here where he belonged. And this this this this thing going on for a long time now for many years going back to 1980 when we had to put through the police department many people for a firm and a vaction because of the fit the federal investigation that was going to come down because of the McDephew riots. And this is just a byproduct of all the people that had to be pushed through the system. So my amy look good in front of federal eyes. I just correct there's a lot of truth in that. You know and now we're paying the consequences. You know and I myself I'm I'm I'm disabled I'm blind and I run a snack bar and down time my amy and said a working to provide for my family today. I got to stay home because I have to be scared of what might happen. If I have no way to get out of there if something does happen. Yeah. You know and instead of you know you're talking about the Super Bowl hell we don't get a Super Bowl into the next century. Never see it again here. Never get one. See it again. Never. You know I guarantee you know. And there are a few things that like that are absolutely certain but this is one you could bet every dime on that you've got then you will never see a Super Bowl played here again. Never. That's for sure you know this is an opportunity that we have golden opportunity to really change the image in the eyes of other people. And we blew it. I mean this is absolutely we blowing it. Not at the community as a whole. I mean you know there's no fingers to be pointed out because every time you point there's three fingers pointing at you. Yeah you know and as a community as a whole we suck. You know you really blew it. You summed it up in one word we suck two words. Okay good luck to you my friend. Thank you. 1131 at WIOD we have an open line in date 751 9463 Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi Neil. Hi I call it because I'm pretty angry about the situation as you are and I only hope that the person in over town is listening right now because in my opinion there is never excuse for violence. And I can't understand how these people could express their anger and set a destructive way to themselves. One of the things that makes me the angriest is I keep hearing a lot of these pseudo intellectual calls on talk shows I heard some yesterday and then some last night from people who are trying to say what they're doing is wrong but it's understandable. It is not understandable. It is not acceptable. It is not acceptable. It is not acceptable. Human behavior. You know I'm a social worker and I deal with a lot of people I sometimes take routes through over town through neighborhoods that I hope my parents aren't listening because they wouldn't like to hear me say this and people don't need to make changes in the lot and their lives themselves. You can't expect other people to help you to you know to make excuses that the NIGRAGWINS are coming in and that that's a good reason. These people want to work. That's more than this person who called. You know it's amazing but until we had that episode two days ago I didn't hear a word about any complaints about the NIGRAGWINS were coming in and getting jobs for five bucks an hour. Nobody was talking about that. I didn't even talk shows. I hear anything about that and now all of a sudden that's another convenient excuse to try to somehow in some cock-eyed, warped way justified of barbaric behavior. You know there is no reason that the barbaric behaviors go on other than the fact as many of said including some of the black leaders in a community that every time we have another tragic incident it's the same groups of animals who get out there and exploit the situation and do the same things the same chronic kidney and so on. Over and not only hurting themselves but they're hurting their entire communities. And if Martin Luther King was alive today he would be turning in his grave on his birthday that people had to act that way. I think it's very sad. Okay. Well, take care Neil. Thanks a lot. Bye. Here's a quote out of USA today National News paper from Annie Gooden, 28, a divorced unemployed mother of two who lives in over town. This is the quote. The only way we get any attention is when some of us loot and destroy and tear up our neighborhood. She says that the area has been ignored for too long. Isn't that brilliant? Annie or a real genius of brain surgeon and let me just say this to you. Why couldn't the very same people? If they really are doing these things I don't believe it but if they're really doing these things because they're distraught over this latest episode police excess and a killing and so on a kind of motorcycle why is it they don't all get together in buses or in automobiles or in fans and go down to dinner key. Go down to city hall and march and protest and do sit-ins and do things that are not violent. Okay. That's what Martin Luther King preached. Non-violent protest. All right. Wouldn't that be a tension? He and his folks weren't busy setting people's cars on fire and dragging people out of cars and trying to kill them. That isn't how they accomplished anything. And as far as the moron with his honky crap you ought to go see Mississippi burning and rediscover that the two Jewish white people who were murdered two of the three were white and Jewish the civil rights marchers that the president and the attorney general who responsible for more civil rights legislation and reform than any time in a history of this country were white Irish Catholics but don't confuse people with a fact see because we're all honkies and they're all niggers and all this other crap I mean it's pathetic. I mean if you can't graduate if you can't get beyond that point of metal process then you're pathetic. It's 1135 at WIOD and we'll be right. It's 1152 at WIOD as we're speaking the Miami City Commission is having an emergency meeting and seeing it is carrying it live so some of you want to watch and listen to the same time maybe they can fill us in on what's going on right. Yeah but it is being televised on CNN as we continue making a headlines around the world showing our best feet. It's really it's just his mind bother. I have to laugh a little bit or cry. Yeah okay Hollywood hello. Yes sir a new right. Yes. If we didn't have Super Bowl week would you expect swarrow to walk down the middle of the street during the right with the net? Oh I don't know. I really don't know. I'm not going to. I think Mr. Swarrow is incompetent. I think he's basically a good guy. I think he's a decent person. I think he's in way over his head but I I don't think he was there because cameras were rolling. I think he was there because he at least he was there which is more than I can say for a Mr. Clark and 70s other people I don't know where they were. Yes sir that is true. It seems like they're pointing like a mission to look in it real quick when it seems like the other right they're only paying attention now. You mentioned that. Well I'll do no question that because the entire world media is in town that they're going to be enormous microscopic inspection and under tremendous direct to do something as quickly as possible. No question about that. And by the way right in line with that you know as well as I do and not too many people are talked about this that one of the reasons that the perpetrators of these acts continue doing what they're doing is because they know that the cameras are rolling. I was saying to Glenn during one of the breaks earlier that it reminds me of the riots that they were having in Tehran years ago and the hostages were being held there and while the cameras from the U.S. and all over the world were rolling all of these Iranian students were marching and chatting and screaming and shouting and they had the hankies they were waving in the placards and the reporters told us that every time the cameras would stop rolling they would then go about their business and they were eating hot dogs from vendors who were selling food on the streets and they were laughing and having a good time and they were just posturing for the cameras so these animals in overtime liberty city and wherever else they're waiting in the in the lurch they know that the world media is here and man they're going to get on television see. Yeah sure you're right they're doing the same thing over and tripply every time they turn the camera that's correct. That's everything on time. We had my girlfriend listening to you in their 10 to 11 hour out when you went on really letting it out. Yeah. She made yourself a secret. Okay. It's pretty well nothing's perfect. Yes. That's the time she doesn't like your pain it's but secret is super perfect. Okay you're right about full hour to each. Okay thanks thanks for your calls. 155 at Wild. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 Miami. Hello. Yes I would like to speak to Neil Rogers please. Speaking. Yes Neil I would like to say I do a a degree with what you're retoucking about because I was down in coconut grow about a year months and a half ago doing a friend of favor, retaking him home. I went off to Roanga Street and I thought I went over something in my car to make a long-guess story short a black gentleman came out of Vaude nowhere and he asked me if I wanted to buy any crack. I had told him now and to make a long story short he pulled a knife out on me and he had said to me give me a money or or he wanted to do what nice me and I was I do live in North Miami Beach I live with my grandmother I take a care of her and obviously I was in the wrong place at the wrong time and I gave him $20 for him to leave me alone I don't I wasn't raised in a place where you know we're people fight with knives and things of that nature. Well what you better see better coming to the real world because that's that's what the cities of a lot of money and unless you want to go out and live in in the pohokey well not that's not a good example either got a lot of red next up there who not to I can't pick too many places anymore where you can get away from it you know you used to be you go out in the country somewhere you get away from it not not so much anymore no place to run sure you are a so right you know but to make a long story short as I was getting back in my car he he he he he pulled off my gold necklace I called up the police department when I came home in the damn cops didn't do anything and I just think it's a damn the shame I am very angry at the city of Miami they have to pull people over for giving people speeding good tickets but the meanwhile they don't go after these are me these assholes that go after robbing doing the drugs and things of that nature and I just want to do a call to thank you for bringing us out in the open because I just think that the people around here should know what the hell's are going on okay I appreciate your call yesterday I started getting into something and then we got side tracked on another topic but the thing about jails and the people in this community like most places in the country don't want to jail or prison built anywhere within shouting distance of where they live and as a result we don't have enough prison cells to go around and we we just cannot put away all a people who need to be behind bars at least that's the convenient excuse that we have for not going out and regular sweeps every single day and date Broward and the probably in Palm Beach as well and rounding up these barbarians who stand on street corners making a living making easy bucks by destroying other people's lives by peddling them every substance has ever been invented and of course the excuse the one of the stories we keep hearing as well you know we're not the ones who are the king pins we're not the ones bringing it in we're just you know that's a lot of crap okay nobody can force you to be involved in peddling drugs unless you want to do it unless you discover that it's a very easy way to make a big buck dishonestly and it's a lot easier than going out and getting an honest job and making something out of your life and we got it on every street car you can imagine man all through overtime and liberty city and parts of the grow and other parts of South Florida and certainly up in Broward we got plenty of it in the city of for Laterdale and in Later Hill right there in Broward Boulevard there are convenience stores between my house in i-95 where a couple of times I've going into get a newspaper or whatever or gone with a friend and stopped to have him get a pack of cigarettes and immediately approached and to buy some crack or whatever else variety of stuff that he had on him at the time and that's Broward oh yeah just mention that in pants it's not hey listen new people in Broward County that think well you know this is down here in Miami man you're living in dream or you're out of your mind out of your mind anyway we're out of time for this hour we'll mention again that Steve will have a panel of local individuals who are in one way or another connected with what is going on at least with what's happening in overtime liberty city one of them are in carton Coleman of the new Providence missionary Baptist Church which is located at 7th 7th 7th and 15th 3th Street that'll be coming up on a steep paint show with two news right now I'll see it's 12.05 at WIOD we're back for hour number three and again we are not you know this is what we usually do anymore I don't know this kind of show in many many of moun but to sit down and try to be laughing and joking and doing that kind of stuff the last two days forget it just is not possible okay it wouldn't be appropriate when making any sense not at all so anyway moving right along is we continue whistling our happy song let's go to my amy hello hello yes it is Neil yes sir Neil I've been on since before the news and I hope you give Neil a chance to spread some light in this darkness that I've been hearing coming over the radio to sort of pass a half or your characters of the people in overtown and other places of animals is something that I find very offensive and I don't understand how you can you know those kinds of expressions it's fascinating to me that you're you know you hear what you want to hear I said that the people who are engaged in this kind of aberrant behavior are animals in barbarians that I all are sure let me finish at least one sentence okay and I also said that the people I feel the souriest for are the majority of the people who live in over town and liberty city who are decent law abiding people who live in a constant state of terror fearing for their lives in safety because of the same barbarians that is what I said no these barbarians that that that is because our people who are locked out of the mainstream of the community in here we go in the united states here who are taking advantage of and who are not a giver of news to the proper kinds of education oh wait wait wait wait they're not given the proper time here in a sir what are you talking about they're not giving the proper dough near sir I'm going to put you on hold okay because you don't want to have a conversation you want to make a speech we don't do speech the only speeches on a show are by the host okay what line is this guy on was he on one are you there no wait a minute hold on I don't even know where he was now what line was he on okay Nick is doing his own show and I have no idea on two are you there okay well this is good what just come on how about three come on now that's not him either okay well evidently he's gone because I'm sure was on a date county line wasn't it yeah he's gone I put him on hold but he hung up because he just wanted to make a speech and ramble on don't give me this tragic song of dance pal about how these people don't get a proper education and are locked out of the mainstream etc and so on just another convenient excuse to burn and loot and rob and terrorize and abuse and behave like barbarians okay so please spare me the pain of trying somehow to rationalize totally unacceptable behavior and that's what you try to do you try to make the unacceptable acceptable and it's not going to wash here okay so save your breath pepper pine hello yeah instead of the gateway to South America it's got to be called the bay root of the western world that's pretty close it's we're getting there it's exactly the way it started in bay root Lebanon had the same problem was a beautiful community it was warm in the winter time and had money everything was there and all of a sudden tragedy struck because of this kind of mentality and if we don't learn from history we can trouble well we're not learning from history so we're not learning a damn thing this this episode keeps repeating itself in this community every couple of years over and over again we're not learning a damn thing from history now how do you feel about the media on this but they they playing it the right way what what way do you want this way well it's been to be editorializing alive you know what respect what do you want them to say well like the gentleman that you just had on a couple before who not educated can't get you that's a lot of nonsense he well he what does that have to do with the media I don't know that they don't play it the same way well I mean the hero as I said before the hero as this pathetic page 13 today where they you know promises to the public have it all been kept writing and made but you need to magnify glass to see them and they talk about all the problems that exist I understand that but that isn't any great revelation we know about those things but what does that got to do with what the kind of behavior that's been going on but when they when they say those things they dilute the problem they they they they say they give me the idea well maybe they are on educated maybe they they have to do this that's nonsense they don't have to do these things you're right they should have a mark it's not a question if they don't have to they must not this is not acceptable and that's one of the problems in this permissive society that we live in where we stand back and we just let people go crazy and we say well you know there must be some reason for it isn't acceptable okay and people who want to do these things have got to be locked up and got to be kept away and if they want to continue doing them then let's let's open up the chrome detention center or find someplace in the Everglades and put the barbarians out there and wire you know and keep them away from people who want to behave like human beings. Now they're in way to go okay I appreciate your call and and any more of you that you know I'm willing to listen to all reasonable opinions and have exchanges with people who want to discuss but if you think you're going to call in here and try to somehow rationalize this behavior and make apologies and excuses for it and give me a big cry and song and advance about these poor poor people these poor kids who just you know have been locked out from society and don't have a decent education they got the same education as their neighbors do okay and I'm not saying that all of our schools at schools in black neighborhoods are it is same as schools in coral geobals or coral springs because that wouldn't be true it would be a lie but Rome wasn't built in a day okay and it isn't going to happen overnight in addition to which a lot of the teachers who are teaching in those schools haven't got any more business being in a school even being janitors in those schools okay some of them are downright illiterate in our perpetuating the stereotypes but when people don't have any priority on getting an education you know there's an old cliche and I hate cliches but there's one it's very true you get out of something whatever you want to put into it mm-hmm and if you don't want to put any effort into getting an education and it's learning some kind of a trade or making yourself some kind of a useful human being then you're certainly not going to get anything out of it because nobody is going to hand it to you baby nobody is going to hand it to you the old chip on a shoulder routine man you know chip on one shoulder and a ghetto blaster on the other that doesn't solve the problem that doesn't do it it's trouble it's past noon at wio d if you put anyway life goes on it's 1214 at wio d the new rogers show and the steve will be along a two with a panel of a local individuals who have discussed the ongoing saga I don't have a crystal ball so I'm not going to make any predictions I did not do it yesterday although quite frankly I was shocked yeah that it did break out again yeah especially the such degree I guess I must be very naive but I thought that the police presence and the increased presence would be such that it would preclude it but unfortunately it wasn't because the local politicians I think their main consideration was well we got the super bowl we got all the worldwide media here let's not call in the national guard and let's not you know let's just hope the school of wispal thinking and it didn't work out so what is going to be the posture tonight yeah it's a good question because you would think you say somebody made a real good point I don't know I don't recall who who said this on the air but somebody made an excellent point and you can be furious immediately after a tragic episode like the shooting of this kind of motorcycle takes place you can be furious about that but then 24 28 hours later to suggest that you're still furious I'm sorry I just don't buy that I mean if you're one of the relatives if you want to be media family handful or friends maybe half of us in a dozen 20 people I can understand that but the idea that there are hundreds of these people most of them probably didn't even know this person who are furious to the point where they're going out and burning and just not a control a day later I don't buy it so if what happens two days later people will buy it even less has nothing to do with it if it happens again maybe the national guard could be part of the big half-time show at the Super Bowl on Sunday well you make a joke but let's hope that they don't have but I'm okay 12 16 a wio d and let me just make this comment in general not anybody in particular but just in general if there are any other people in this community who can't handle reality you can't handle the truth and you know go back and stick your head in the sand like an ostrich and don't bother me okay just go away because if you think after 13 long tedious years in this community of having lived through all of this through the 80 riots and a marial boat lift in the 82 riots and all of the other insanity that has gone on here the 84 riots the drug crisis then is an ever-ending ongoing situation the political turmoil all of the ethnic insanity I mean we've got to start being people and stopping ethnic entities just like it reminds me when Johnny Jones got caught with his hand in the gold faucet you remember that sure and right away all these people running our own jeez it's a racist thing is black yeah I mean he was caught with a good baby I mean he was just he he betrayed his own people he did a number on the whole community but especially on the black community he did a notorious number just like the thing with the beating of Mercado you know the Hispanic police officers associations out there you know it's what difference does it make what his ethnic background is don't we have a a system of justice in this country let's go back to the calls Miami hello yes no yeah yes I'm I stay far from the city it's been a black man you know it really hurts you to see what they don't have a hood got innocent people in there you know it's hard you know the dude thanks and number one they aren't looking on TV the other night this lady was taller they got my husband he thought he was not done alone you know whatever like that they keep him home it kids they go out in street at night they loon and loot so they get arrested they run down the street yelling all my baby baby baby yeah not really hurts me you know I can't understand why you know that just catch the park well you know first of all the family structure is virtually not existed in many of these communities and that's another whole area which I touched on yesterday what we could go in the day we spent a whole rest of the program I'm not gonna do it but all of these 14 and 15 year old girls who are having welfare babies that's another whole deal you know and then the problem is where you got you know 15 and 16 year old kids who are 6 foot 2 and 6 foot 3 and you got a mother who's 5 foot 2 in ways 95 pounds and there's no father figure and you really think that she's gonna be able to discipline those kids yes understand total lack of control but then that could say they can I feel like they could spend a money on these one DMC concerts they can go there why can't they organize itself who over these black community leaders are and organize something to go down to the city hall exactly why don't we have thousands of people demonstrating with placards and chanting and marching and doing the kind of thing that Martin Luther King advocated and participated in I mean why why aren't they doing that I mean that got results and they were both the attention of the media that got to the attention of the government including the federal government why aren't they doing that you know I'm tired of hearing people keeps saying well we're not a part of the system you can only be a part of the system if you inject yourself into it I want to keep operating on the periphery of reality then you're always gonna be on the outside you're never gonna be on the inside that's right you gotta get organized you can spend your money go there take some time free to organize it and go there you vote these people in the come to you community vote for me oh blah blah blah blah you vote a man think on you sit back and you respect him and do everything why don't we just get off by hand and go there and take care of all problems start still writing shooting and all this unnecessary stuff okay appreciate hearing from me okay no 20 minutes past noon at WI would do there's an open line in date 751 9463 Miami hello yes yes ma'am yes I am I just wanted you made a statement to really about people in the city and it's also time not listening to WILD well I'm sure there are some but I think the majority are probably listening if they are listening to a radio I would think the majority are listening WEDR at least that's what Mayor Svarra has thought yesterday because he went over to the station and went on the year to make an appeal to them I just wanted because I needed a class by that because I was wondering if it was a comment regarding you know you were sort of hitting on the intelligence of the people in the room no not at all it's just that you know in Detroit it was the same way there are two or three stations in Detroit that are black oriented that the black human just like we have stations at Hispanics listen to primarily in this community it's not a knock-in just a fact oh I really just wondered because you know I would have seen a thing to that so I just wanted you to pass by that well it was not intended to be offensive just an admission of truth I mean I would you know I'd like to dilute myself into believing that everybody in the world is sitting glued to this show right now but I know that that's not true okay okay thank you 21 past noon at WIOD we have an open line in Broward at 524 9463 Miami Neil yeah how are you doing today okay I'm 100% behind you brother you don't don't believe this I won't over the 60 second half or on 22nd street for a company I represent this selling furniture on the street man yeah I call you I saw I didn't believe it I saw chairs and it was a sofa out on the street I don't know they got a counter to what they're for something like 75 dollars yeah and it's got a it's brand new man it's a had to come out of that furniture store about 3-3 total yeah so somebody called the cops I don't know if they're gonna go over there I mean better than a flea market man just go out over there got some fantastic bargains for either they might not live to you know take it home but the hell of a deal no it's it's it's a shame I I got a lot of friends oh I didn't I was gonna tell you this earlier enough for God about the guy who delivered the meat that got beat up pretty bad yeah he got a broken jaw and everything he said that he pulled up their man and it was my four o'clock at the afternoon and he kept telling the people you know I didn't do nothing to you and they just kept beat on him man they stole his truck his meat everything yeah and now and I'm I'm sure he's really a big part of the problem right well he has a lot to do with all the grievances that these people are God no what what the whole bad thing is now the most people over there because I got to go to work when he's black a lot of the more people can't drive so they go over to that market by their food the guy who is he told me he called him and said you can eat dirt before we deliver over there anymore yeah they're not deliver over there now they now they shut themselves down mm-hmm well that's why all these people who want to call and try to sure coat this or make excuses or explanations and by doing so and courage your repetition of it they're really doing themselves a grotesque disservice because these animals are destroying their own community and if people want to live in those kind of conditions well more power to them but I don't think that most of those people do I really I can't believe it I don't I didn't like channel 7 because channel 7 was more or less playing it down last night I don't you know maybe I just caught a spot more than we're playing it let me see this you they may have been playing it down but they were sure given it a hell of a lot more coverage you're giving out a lot more information than all the other local channel put together well well we're behind you man I don't know how you could be behind anybody on this though because there's nothing we can do man well the only thing we can do is try to restore some sanity and deal with the problems instead of sweeping them under the carpet and get the rotten police out of the police force and and clean that mess up that we got over there instead of just paying it lip service until the next election yeah all right brother okay but 24 past noon at WIOD there's an open line in date at 7519463 interesting I hear some little sound effects from around a building like a herb of 10 minutes ago you know people who were either mocking or whatever they're doing what I'm doing on a year here today and that's fine you can continue being mindless moron zolli your lies that's fine no problem or we can bring back you know the the board up they used to this show in midday that's okay too all right not I'm not I'm not doing this to be dramatic here yesterday and today I'm doing it because like I'm I'm sick to my stomach I'm sitting there at the racetrack last night I'm turning on the TV and watching all of this and seven did do a really incredibly as I'm sick to my stomach now those of you that are too stupid to have any feeling about the kind of community you live in or care about the repercussions of what this is going to do to this time for years to come hey just stick your head back in a sandman and be professional moron zolli your lives it's 25 past noon it's 12.8 at WIOD and our next call is in Miami hello yes I just want to make a few comments I was a police officer and a county from in the 60s and 70s metro yes and I recall in 68 we were at 60s secretes 17th Avenue we couldn't move into the city limits at the time because a problem with your jurisdiction and once the governor decided to allow metro in there Miami did need the assistance we moved in and mostly we were going to the storefront just to run and talking with the citizens there more or less try to just keep peace yeah I can't but forget all I remember that the people kept saying they were all saying the same thing that they didn't want to write that they you know think they were for us they were behind us they were doing they could they we set up a line when they could call and they could give us tips or problems that were about to start or you know rumors at the entrance of with and you know it goes back to the I take the point that you made several times today it's not just it's not the people that they're there it's not the majority of the people there it's just it's the same percentage or the same minority of people that live there in the 60s that are there in the 80s and probably into the 90s that are causing these problems the 1970s and 1970s with the the problem with the the rod and meet there to the ticket paid we were out there for like 12 hours and the the ranch started with the rocks and the bottles come in the teenage there's not from the people that were yeah having the actual problems behind the meat and being over charge for the checks and so forth it wasn't the wall dotting citizens there it was it was the thugs and the punks I don't know what the answer is it just seems to me that it's more of a of a re-hurt learned criminal activity yeah it's always there just waiting to happen waiting for an excuse to turn it loose and as soon as we have a convenient excuse here it goes again exactly always there it's always simmering underneath and it's you know until these people are it's made very clear to them that it's socially unacceptable and the most stringent measures are going to be taking it's going to keep repeating itself over and over again well I believe that the people understand that I believe it's this it's that's mom and already that you know you go look at the 80s rides that the ones in 1980 when they were 18 people kill I think it's a different situation you know but it's a matter of degree it's a matter of degree I mean thank god we're not having that happen again people are getting dragged out of their cars never their brains go out down but it's just a matter of degree you're not right not having the tongue to get out you're not having all sorts of laid down intersections and cars going sideways through it I agree the thing that happened in over town you came to know it was a nice lady of the incident what happened what the police officer did for what I've read you know it's unfortunate but it's it happened and it's going to continue to happen what do you mean it's going to continue to happen why is it happen well there's been corruption in law enforcement in day care I'm talking about corruption we're talking about trigger happy con why do we have to have people I'm killing folks who are committing traffic violation you were talking about corruption before I'm just just agreeing with you and that respect there's always been trigger happy cops and day kind just trigger happy cops and every state in this country I don't know what the answer is I feel like that day county has the one of the if not to find it's a police academy or training facility in the country I don't know if there's any answer to how you can predict what a person is going to do an anticipation hardly a number of that I'm an ex- Police officer I must say that there were times when I was afraid of the streets I think that's only normal I feel like that a lot more can be done in the police academies and the training facilities days to to what far that for that particular weakness the person whether or not he is going to react the wrong way under a stress situation but I don't know what the answer is for that no I don't have any of the answers for any of it but one of the things that's got to happen first is that this is all going to stop okay I don't stop and it can't be permitted to happen again and if they have to send an every police unit from every from every municipality in day county and the national guard that's what it takes to make sure it doesn't happen again and they're going to have to do it you know because the media is our you know we're already all over the world with this so no matter what happens from here on in it really can't have much more you know I'm still that's not the search party out from air park and see if we can find him somewhere I might suggest you would be down at the port would be a good idea port of Miami they've christen a lot of ships and things like that he's excellent at breaking those bottles you know the champagne over the hold of ship okay we have an next to police officer on seven hello no it's Neil yeah how you doing okay I just want to know if you heard the what the chief said last night and right now I like letting people out of the place where the way my way I can't now you could understand you in the beginning but not your phone is muffled or your hand is over it or something what yeah what would the chief said last night like letting the people run around the first day free and stuff that you get that let them run around and do what I just let them run around the first night because it was like a special occasion one yeah yeah I did say I didn't hear what I was thinking about that well I think obviously it was wrong I think they shouldn't go into our media lia as soon as there were signs we were going to have a serious disturbance and they should have used all the man power they should have done everything in their power to stop it because you know once you stand back and you watch it it escalates absolutely I really got still picked off I told my wife think I'm not in there you bet okay I just want to let you know that if they would have done what you just said going there the first night and really clean house you know just going there and arrest the people that were doing it's a very dangerous job but somebody's got to do it I appreciate the guys they're out there now because I do know the feeling and a couple of them on. I really you know I have my problems with a lot of police officers but in this particular case you're right died and most of us who have any sanity wouldn't want to change places with what they have to go through you're right see you later okay 1246 a wio d we have an open line in bulk of 2789463 278 wio d opalaka hello yes I'm first of all I would like to tell you that I think you're in rare form today I think this is your excellent and what you're doing today well because I'm fed up I had enough of this okay I've had enough of living in an in the end of all place and where we continue being made the laughing stock of the world over and over again you know I was kidding around one commercial number one an auto theft number one of the near-real disease number one in drugs anything that's negative man were number one in it yeah I just like to say first of all I was born here 28 years ago I'm Miami Beach I but many years I've spent also in New York and Brooklyn north of the next two I could tell you that where we live we're integrated with a lot of black people and two things first of all what like you said before I agree with you 100 percent whatever happens there's no call for doing what they're doing looting their own houses and burning their own bit places of business and so on I just I just failed to understand and instead of doing like we said before marching thousands of people towards a courthouse or towards a municipal building or whatever it may be peacefully that would I think attract a lot more meeting than what they're doing now and a more positive manner than what they're doing right now don't even that by the time you would have been so perfect I mean I'm Martin Luther King like birthday I have a peaceful protest and say hey listen that's what he did and we're gonna do the same thing and we're sick and tired of this we're not gonna tolerate police brutality and access anymore we're gonna you know and we're gonna be out there and get the media and the cameras got and not bring disgrace on a whole area and destroy our own community but the second thing that I just wanted to point out is that I know in Brooklyn where we live where we're integrated with a lot of black people and we have our share problems obviously but generally we we always there's a lot of people uh between the Orthodox Jews there and the blacks who constantly are in communication with each other we always iron things out and more or less in a peaceful manner there are some small problems sometimes but not nearly anything what happens over here and they have uh I know the blacks there and a lot of you do their complaint of a lot of problems with police brutality and a lot of problems with racial uh a lot of racial problems and yet we don't have anywhere near over there in New York Brooklyn which goes on over here like what goes on over there uh it would go on I mean you just just know comparison what's the weather and I and there's a lot more blacks over there and they have a lot more problems over there I think and yet they we generally live together and a lot of them are working and they're doing what they have to do and I think they're making a life a life for themselves over there on the other hand over here I don't see that my kind of stuff why they can't do the same thing over here I don't have an answer for you sir I have no answers I appreciate it okay thank you 1240 agents now here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD depend on it you know I mean oh anyway it's at 105 at WIOD we're back for our fourth and final hour we'll say this going by for a quickly here today and it was interesting and hearing that story that we just had on the news about the comment that the third night is usually the quiet about 10 I didn't know that let's hope that that's true but I don't know that there's any such predictable pattern that that necessarily is true but let's hope that's right anyway let's go back to your calls we'll go to West Palm Beach hey Neil going yeah you know I was born in raised in West Palm a 28 and generally I spend a lot of time I mean do part of my business down there and you know I really liked the town it's a good town and I guess about few months ago my wife she was always really scared to go down there and I took her down there we stated the maids her house and we went out to high alia one set of the action into to the horse races and you saw a side of Miami that a lot of people don't get to see and all they hear about is like what's going on now and it's really just a damn shame and it really is you know I was sitting here I'm working at home today and I was sitting here thinking this is really a good time for some people to we're in favor of the casino's to start pushing that again because that might be our only saving grace down here let me say this to you uh your intentions are great but you're very naive okay casino gambling if we live to be 200 you will never see casino gambling in this community okay it makes too much sense yeah also my bring some crime to the area yeah we certainly don't have a we don't want to do that no I might God forbid bring some tourists and some big bucks to this area and we and some conventions and create thousands and thousands of jobs many of which would be for some of the very same people who are saying that they can't find any jobs and we certainly don't want to do that that's just uh just the damn shame yeah see you know you you sit here and you look around even just within the state and you see a place like Orlando which used to be just a cow pasture and a bunch of orange grows and you see the incredible job that they're doing up there and growing and now they're you know the hollywood thing is coming in their last time I was up there they got to speak billboards about hollywood too and the movie industry is coming in big time to the Orlando area and Disney is constantly expanding and it's just a miracle what they've done up there and of course they tell us got all the college kids now and doing a tremendous job and we continue sitting here languishing and continue repeating the same self destructive behavior over and over again while the politicians tell us that everything's just wonderful yeah I guess it all comes down to the leadership that we have down here yeah you can't complain about the leadership because there isn't any right okay you have a good one five what a way to Wiod and open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 655 Wiod I don't really remember I don't you the show we did yesterday was it I guess it was very much like this but not as heavy I guess but I I haven't done a show like this in so long this is for you were doing when I when I fell I did it for years and I really don't enjoy it I really don't I mean I feel compelled to do it because we can't sit here and make jokes today and play a lot of stupid songs but I don't enjoy it because it's such a tremendous drain on your energy and you realize that hey these are the same people by and large you've been talking to for the last 13 years and if they didn't care 13 years ago or five years ago they're not going to care now and it's the same old hack politics and you know Steve Clark he was the metromayer when I first came here 13 years ago and he still somewhere now he didn't know where the hell he's hiding is somewhere now and you know a lot of these same old tired hacks doing nothing and the same it's just like repeating a bad experience over and over and over again did you finally say I just don't want to do it anymore anyway moving along I can't envision that we're going to do this again tomorrow we're hoping oh god I hope not I would never be on this that may call in sick yeah home instead hello yeah me I hope you don't do it tomorrow either I get more enjoyment laughing all day yeah well just not I just can't do it today just not in the mood to laugh I can't I'm not in the mood to laugh now what is that really something you know when he's not cackling it's really got to be that a strong state or what not me you know down in home there we got a lot of land and black far more creep down here yeah and you know something is observation I made is as the less educated blacks and the land just cannot get along and it's it's you know I I have friends on both sides and it just doesn't make any sense that why when he had to write an 80 why there was no problems in prying or in home stator in Fort Lonerdale I wonder if the Latin cops and these blacks just cannot communicate well first of all I you know not all the cops are Latin number one and I don't know but the predominant of the you know the commissioners and the mayor Miami why is this happening only in Miami you see what I'm getting that I mean it's just an observation I well I think it becomes like a pattern of condition behavior right it's just like like just they do not respect each other yeah and a Latin cop may not this just this is just something I've seen may not be able to talk to a black far but you're assuming again that the reason that all this activity is going on is because of that shooting and I would like to correct you I don't I don't believe that 99% of it has anything to do with that it just being used as an excuse well not not not to do is what happened afterwards is the actual incident itself yeah I don't well I thought that after we had the disturbances in 82 and 84 I thought that we were going to have all these black police officers and black communities that was the that's what they told us they sold us a good bill of goods on that and that these were going to be people that you know worked the neighborhoods and walked the streets and got to knew the people and had a real good relationship and rapport with the people that was you know the game plan but I don't think it worked out that way did it no I don't think so at all well it just it's just a coincidence is a large black population here in home said yeah in prime that the same thing it never happens here that you know and it in rural city and in opalaca and it's in the parts of pompino and brother parts of Broward it seems like this better communication so I mean you know yeah and in Miami I think that there's a resentment on both sides and and the black things that you know the mountains don't understand them they don't want to talk to them they don't want to relate to them and this is you know I don't I don't can don't what they're doing but I think it's a lot of to do with communication yeah okay I appreciate hearing from you all right thanks a lot it's past one a wild we have an open line in um date 751 9463 if you're shopping around for a good deed that's the best of the all on Saturday from tentative oh okay it's 115 at wild and let's go to hypolexo hello hello yes sir nail yeah I just wanted to call and and say that I do a sir may agree with you about the fact that it's certainly a bit of problem there with the black sand the police both and when it all gets said and done that I think that just a stop if they do just take a minute to stop and look and have a look at what they've done at the time take a look and should be a time of inspection you know for the police department to see you know if they want to keep being a little abusive or when I do a little abusive I think is the understanding of the same thing very popular in the brain you know it's very popular yes sir and the black to see if they want to keep snowving their nose is it that the rest of the populace yeah but you gotta understand don't say the blacks because it's not the black and more than it's the police it's it's a group of barbarians and I'm not going to apologize you all about either side well now you know and in these people if you're asking them to intellectualize the situation forget it because they're not they don't have the capacity to do it these are people who just are animals and want to be haven't this way and they just wait for any episode it comes along like I said to the previous college like condition behavior and that's why it keeps happening in the same neighborhood in the same areas again because it keeps being permitted to happen and it's got to stop yeah sorry great and the next time that it starts hopefully there won't be but if it does ever start again then at that time which hopefully the whole world media won't be in a won't be super bowl we can be sure of that because it'll never be here again you know they'll call out the national guard and put every possible police unit that area immediately and say hey listen you're going to mess with us and it's funny we're not going to tolerate it this is not acceptable behavior and we're not just going to drive around while you burn down your neighbors businesses and churches and buildings we're just not going to accept it I've been living here in the Voiden del Ray area so I can't really you know I can't really get real personal about what goes on down there but we also have it up here we have the same bad areas the same handful of bad people which you constantly see yeah representing just because they're there the the the image of the community and a matter of fact right here in Voiden last night and it didn't go too far in the press this morning I was at hospital last night and fellow was shot by three gun men jumped out of their car over and that given bad area and in Voiden beach three gunmen hopped out and and blew this guy away yeah and I don't see the town of Voiden going up an arms and tearing it up and and you because it wasn't a white or a spanic or a cop you know but it was it was another dead black man and and I heard on your buddy Paul Harvey there heard on his show quite some time ago and I would assume there must be somewhat accurate the biggest cause of death among young black youth or in the 90 percent range is young black youth killing each other that's correct oh yeah no question about it is just you know the fellow that called earlier and he's that he wants to get out thought with you the young black youth that called earlier the show yeah it makes no sense and really you know all we can do a sit back and watch it sounds really helpless and you know at all that but you like you said earlier you can't say much about them but if they would just look at what when it's all done my point was if they would just interact if they possibly can on on what they've done to their town as opposed to the well no bill in here again I'm rolling challenges yeah I think we were what you're saying but again your approaches to people who are rational if they were rationally wouldn't be doing those things in the first place but you know it man is very good intentions but I guess it's a little bit naive because you know a sane rational people just don't do those things well I was reading in the herald reporters that were caught in the yeah violence and and this one reporter Ivan Roemer talking about the crowd he says they were dancing celebrating and screaming yeah well you saw the ones or well it ten o'clock on you see an end the young people who were you know one of them was screaming and they were allegedly outraged and the ones behind were all laughing and joking and yucking it up and it's just a hey a lot of fun man we're going to terrorize whitey now dancing itself right you know do as much damage as we can and just be as out of control and wild and you know reckless and hysterical and irresponsible and have a good time man that's what it's all about this is fun and it's a lot of crap okay it isn't fun and it's not acceptable and um I'm telling you man that idea about the crumb detention center sounds real appetizing to me man just they're all you people want to be barbarians we'll put you behind wire fences you can terrorize each other okay you just have a wonderful time well even equipping with the weapons out there okay they want to shoot each other more power to them just keep them away from the civilized people which is the majority of the people who live in liberty city and over time it's 21 past one at Wiod we have an open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 Volker hello hello neon Glen yes how are you good I've been listening to you show with a lot of interest I heard one brilliant statement that there's a vacuum of leadership here in the south well I think it's worse than that I think I'll be just a vacuum I think we have terrible leadership very very very polluted and I can touch you many many examples with relation to the riots I'm like to give you a little bit different point of view I grew up in Europe and trying to understand both sides of the issue you really the really I know you're solutions of course but to give you an idea I have a question for you why is it that in the country that the British colonized they took the trouble or the course of what have you to educate the blacks to teach them to be clean to be to integrate into white society much much better than anyone has done here can you answer me that question first well probably because they felt it was in their own best interest they certainly didn't do it out of altruism or benevolence because the British were some of the worst racist and the many of them still are in history of mankind so I really don't think that they did it because I think it was part of their culture and they felt it was in their own best interest well when it was in our best interest also in this country but unfortunately we had to go through 200 years of slavery and racism before finally in 1954 we had brown versus the board of education and the Supreme Board decided that hey maybe it was okay that the blacks went to real schools and got a real education you got to understand so that's only 34 years ago right I don't know I don't think that President Reagan's statement is ready to let's help it all when he he accused the black leadership of yeah well we're very fortunate to Mr. Reagan in there too is going to be leaving us and that this racist state years that we've gone through will be history although you know again I see no relationship between that and what's just happened here but you know one of the worst racist records in the history of the country and Mr. Boyshaw given you know the benefit of the doubt he talks a good game and he claims that you know he's going to have a much different attitude but then again we've heard that before time will tell okay at the try to find a little something positive in the poll incident somebody just took two or three calls will mention introspection I think that's an excellent this isn't an opportunity to look at ourselves because we live in the society that is brutal violent people are very bitter hateful I'm talking about not not any extremes of of everyone burning houses on every day that's how every day normal course of you know fair like the shooting in stock in the other day you know as I said it's very difficult to try to tell the American people to look in the mirror and see the chinks in their armor because we've been conditioned to this number one mentality were the best and were the greatest and were all this other crap right as a result when you say hey baby we got a lot of problems here in our attitudes are all screwed up and our behavior is is just totally unacceptable they don't want to hear that right and part of this Reagan era has been to convince people that you can be materialistic and screw everybody else and you can be a big and it's fashionable to do all those things and so this is hardly the time to expect that the American people are going to be introspective and look at their values and attitudes and say hey maybe we ought to change and maybe a lot of the things that we thought were important 20 and 30 years ago were important and maybe you know how many Gucci uh pair of underwear we got in the closet isn't that important anymore okay or shouldn't be exactly okay thank you very much thanks for your 2024 a WIO deal we have an open line in Boko 278 9463 278 WIO deal will be right back indeed it's 128 a WIO deal let's go to Miami hello hello yes you know i'm i'm just tired i really am i been in this community for thirty nine years now and i'm just tired of all this stuff that's going on here you know did this this whole situation goes beyond the shooting it it's it's a result of a band-aid fix that they did some years ago that gave the whole community uh uh the chef you know and i want to see a change in this community you know we we we need to work with the system and and if it's saying that less than 5% of the community uh i can hold it hostage like this you know what are we coming to you know if we can if we can i think the word is anarchy yes you're right if we can if we if we can defend ourselves if we can protect ourselves it's if the law officials can protect us from these little bandits or whatever you want to call them you know i think you were too mow with them animals and they are because that's what and i'm i'm i'm i'm a black man and i know you know i don't know why people are getting offended you know the Bible says you so you think it's so you that it's not even think i know i'm not animals but that's correct i don't care what people call me that then about me uh but my concern is we are just just just just just grazing the surface of this problem and these farer lazy no good politicians that are sitting in there are eye for towers and get a coat of pink and put over a dirty wall and then when that pink begins to peel off in a dirty wall to show it again we need to do some about those well you notice we got another blue ribbon panel now which is the latest what is this the 400th blue ribbon panel that we've had and just like the community relations board they sit around and try to pseudo intellectualize all of these problems and to make them very simplistic and pacify everybody to tensions calm down and then as you say we go back to business is usual not seems to me that mayors swara is my mirror could be wrong but i think that when he a one election over roul mospedal who is the harald's hand pick candidate and the harald at everything in her power to try to get him elected and mr swara is one in large part because of voting support by the blacks did he not right and as a result of that he said at the time that he wouldn't forget that and he was going to be a mayor for all of my m e and he was going to do this and that the other thing and the politicians make a lot of those statements at the time of election before and just after and then of course the subsequent to that they don't do very much and try i just hope that that the people in the whole community you know from day brow it wherever can realize that we we all need to take the ships off our shoulders yeah and stop this thing about black white his panication you know forget about all that got it you know first of all you're human being that's the first thing yeah all black people all white his panication uh you know none of us are going to wait tomorrow you know we're going to be here and we got going to have to learn to live together in this community and make it a safe place so that we can raise uh some some children in this community to try to show them the right way you know politicians need to stop this big act stop the gains their plane is not just a black issue are some of the people in the white community just want to smell their nose and think that is just a black issue it is not just a black issue it's an issue for all of us to take issue well absolutely i don't care where anybody lives in uh data broward county maybe even parts of Palm Beach but especially data in broward this this he affects the future of this entire area it affects the economy of this area i will grant you that if you're a hundred years old living in a condo and you got a lot of money in a bank and you're going to see the CD rate every day and that's your big excitement that you can isolate yourself but for those of us who are living and breathing people and working live here uh this has a traumatic effect on a future of this community and if you live in an area and you don't care about it i mean what does that say about you is a human being that's right we'll only see it on a small skill here in Dave Browett it's just a small skill and the reason that this town is being highlighted is because of the repeated acts that are taking place here yeah so my name is being highlighted but this thing has an effect around the whole nation and you hit the nail on the head when you talked about that old time up there and the white out there should have never gotten there who has allowed a lot of his stuff people have taken the attitude that i can do whatever i want to do to whoever you know it doesn't matter as long as my gun is bigger than yours and i got more of it yeah well you got to understand you know when you were like the president who is impotent mentally and physically that uh you got to have a big gun somewhere you know this is a fact that he brought into office man is obviously extended alter out the country and he's really reinforced it well i hope that i hope that something is really really learned this time and not just you know a band eight six i hope something is really learned this time i i hope so too i wouldn't hold my breath because i've lived through it too many times but i hope you're right i've seen them all and i hope this distance is different god i know because i'm like you i'm tired of it man i'm ready to fall down on the floor i'm so tired i am i'm sick of it i'm sick of it people you know why they're blight they can't go and place this community they don't know whether you got to look over your shoulder yeah you don't know who's going to attack you you don't know whether to police when might attack you you don't know that one day you might walk in the shopping center walk up on a drug deal you don't know what's going to be can't go i got to boat and i'm afraid to go two four my boat fish yeah no wait no wait for civilized people to have to live so you're absolutely right appreciate hearing from me all right thank you bye one thirty four and w i would be we have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three and part of the unscivilized behavior is auto effect which is a beautiful facility and it's right there in the middle of all of this and in here last night people had their cars attack when she old is broken people were assaulted people had to leave the area people had to turn around and go back couldn't hold the game which would have been a sellout over fifteen thousand people because of these maniacs because of these barbarians so what is it that they really want if they really want to prove it in the area they really care about where they live then they wouldn't be doing these things well you also um you made one small mistake when you said that people were not being pulled out of cars the uh CBS crew was pulled out of car yesterday and they were all beaten over the head to cameraman suffered uh enough that you had to go to the hospital and have some yeah no you're right i did in fact we saw that a ten o'clock on CNN and i would just say that they weren't pulling them out of cars and murdering them but they were certainly doing their giving it their best shot yeah well okay well have a good few guys okay thanks do it yeah it's fascinating how the arena became a different kind of simple during all of course you're absolutely right now you think about it and it symbolizes the sadness and the desperation of all the good people alive in those areas and of the people who work very hard to try to create some progress there and uh you're really would hope and believe me for all the knocks about you know the heat and what a bad team they are i am not one of those going to jump on the bandwagon and say oh gee I hope they fail because i don't hope they fail i you know i predicted they would fail because i never believed that this front running town would support a you know a team that's one four and lost about thirty two or three games it just couldn't believe that you know a douchebag town like this would do it but they have tremendously and the team is going to get better it takes expansion teams years to you know get to the point where they're truly always competitive but it will eventually happen but the question is you know in the problem it let's just hope that this series of episodes isn't going to start discouraging a lot of people from going there because if it does yeah it's speaks for itself my amy hello hello yes yes this meal i think so how you doing this is i'm rooting i'm from my amy i got a question what did the guy in the motorcycle do to the best of our knowledge other than speeding absolutely nothing and you know i think one of the problems that i should have mentioned a long time ago is the fact that the long long delay by the police department and trying to give any explanation of what happened i mean maybe they were sitting around trying to concoct some excuse for why this outrageous overreaction took place but but even they didn't even do that you know as you sit and you pour over all the articles and you read the police reports there is absolutely nothing to justify the fact that this guy in motorcycle was shot in the head for shot at at all because one story that i heard that he made an arm robbery that's what i was told no so the way i feel it wasn't yet he was doing an arm robbery and he took off again and decided no but they don't say what the guy did he was speeding he was going 60 miles an hour he was being he had his license suspended on a how many times a lot of similarities to the McDuffee situation right yeah but i think that McDuffee may have been a more savory individual but nonetheless still you know the idea that he was on a motorcycle he was speeding and it was a you know hot pursuit another one of these wild traces but there is no indication and no statement that i know of that he did anything threatening or threaten the life of the officer and again the very clearly the code of police conduct city Miami is written out very very clearly their policy that is that the officer cannot shoot at somebody in description and let you can only shoot if he's protecting his own life or someone else's in jeopardy but certainly not just the arbitrarily to start shooting at someone right because the i got friends that are Miami day cops and call gable cops yeah no anything else and they tell me yet some are more tougher than others some don't care some are big it yeah and some are totally irresponsible right now they want is the bigger gun and you know and when they pull somebody over if it's a black guy they'll give him a ticket if it's a Latin guy they want you know if they're Latin oh no question about it in fact i've said that for years that a you know one of the wrong motivations and unfortunately all two frequent for people going into police workers they want to have their prejudices legitimized by the law so now they've got the uniform they've got the gun they got the badge and they have the power the law and now they can terror right again i'm not saying all police but far too many with that redneck mentality where they can terrorize any individual who isn't part of a group that they happen alike right that i understand completely sound Latin myself yep but i was raised and filled out yet in West Virginia so i don't even speak Spanish very good but what i've noticed is i've got along with the blacks i've gone along with the Latin and i don't think the problem down there is with the black people i think it's the kids the young generation i'm 28 my brothers 17 he's got more jewelry on than i do and where does he get the money he steals it well that's green you know i know he does i mean he's got gold that's worth a fortune i work as a mechanic there's guys young black guys there's Latin guys that come in trying to sell you gold all the time and that's where the problem is soon as something like this happens they say wow i got a chance to get something for free and they'll go ahead because nobody's going to stop them yeah and i used to see these people on tv carrying caltsies and all why didn't the cops just go in there and stop it you know i mean it's got because they didn't have enough manpower and you know they hear you got an unruly mob throwing rocks and stones and bottles and unless they were going to start shooting people which would have really created just a total nightmare and i'm sure to do that they just didn't have enough manpower to control of them that was the mistake that was made right from the beginning you know because i know i you know i'm 28 so i i don't know how the 60s was or anything like that but i i'm not for an eye for an eye all the way but well we're not nobody can be for vigilante justice it just is not acceptable whether it's done by the public or whether it's carried out by police officers vigilante justice in a civilized society is unacceptable period it's not a debatable point at i understand it's like my wife works now down in the coconut grove area yeah she's got a drive in the black neighborhood now somebody let's say something happens a black young guy does something tour now i'm going to have a threat against all blacks it's going to be well all black to bat and i don't have that feeling i know that it's a young some of the young generation some of it maybe the older generation but it's not all the blacks you see what i'm saying absolutely it's it's you know they're like you got some of the latins i won't deal with some of the latins because they're just pigs you know like some of these refugees they came out they got more stuff and gold on them than anything in this world i mean i mean maybe yesterday my friends people are people and this this obsession that we have and especially in this community where did they're just hung up on what your ethnic background is or your races yeah that's all they difference you're you're either a decent person or you're not a decent person period you know that regardless of what any of those other synthetic things are that you have no control over you know i work hard for my money i work i'm right now at lunchtime and it's the first time i've ever made a phone call over a radio yeah and i've got a boat i've got a house i've got my two cars you know and i'm happy i'm having a kid on the way but you know it's just if the kids would just get out there and work i have them don't even go to school i mean you know i see them i own brothers and sisters because i've got two younger brothers they're always in fights they're always worried about the new jeans have come out and when i was young and they were cared about that no i remember a few years ago there was a big thing about the um the conditions in over town liberty city and some of the neighborhoods where there are rats and there is garbage all over the country and i i said on a year at the time and i still haven't had an answer to the question we got all these kids who can't find jobs we have a lot of idle time on their hands now i i just can't imagine i bet there'll be a lot of people would be willing to volunteer garbage bags you know big hefty trash that certainly aren't that expensive like a couple of bucks a box and if you have any pride in the environment that you're living in i mean no matter how humble it is if you got any pride as human being why wouldn't they be better off spending their time you know cleaning up all that garbage and of course once you know garbage there are no rats and you know making themselves a livable environment as opposed to you know selling crack on street corners and throwing stones and rocks and bottles and dragging people out of cars and beating them up and i never got an answer to the question that i still don't understand you know there's a good commercial on i don't know if you've seen it it's about it's where these young guys i'm not sure if it's uh a drinking commercial whatever you know cocoa cola one of those types where they show a park and a and a downtown like area where it's all destroyed and then everybody in the community got together and fixed it up you know and that's what the people need to do you know you have to not to think yourself self self all the time but give a help and have to watch you know again repeat i don't want to get redundant here repeat the whole show from yesterday but a lot of attitudes within the black community are going to have to change to you instill values in the home and of course where there is no family unit there is no real home it's almost impossible that's why we have a lot of these problems i come from two divorcee my parents have been divorced from our husband divorce two times i've come from Cuba i was born in Cuba and of course i live in Philadelphia we didn't have anything i lived in a black neighborhood very close to me and white here and everything was you know it was like those apartments all bought a wall type of thanks and we all got along yeah we got broken in and they stole a TV that we got out of junkyard because that's all we could afford but everybody helped you know everybody in that community if i needed a couple sugar i know i could go next door and ask for a couple of sugar if i needed that you know something happened to me they would come and help you you know here you don't see i don't even know who my neighbors are in this in this area okay well listen i appreciate talking to you make a lot of sense of me the things you say but you know again you're not dealing with rational people well they got to get tougher on them okay thanks a lot by the one fifty one a w i o d one fifty five a w i o d we got a mobile on a palm beach line hello hey Neil how you doing okay uh you've a lot of good things being said here and a bit of information that i wanted to pass along to you and uh everybody there the news are my left a golf course about forty five minutes ago on west palm beach uh right just north of uh okay choby road in west palm y'all and uh we in fact saw three extremely large helicopters flying low uh definitely military helicopters dark dark green they were headed south and then about another ten minutes after that another one uh flew and they were flying about five hundred feet off the ground but they were little to the west of us and uh could not get uh well why let me ask you is why would military helicopters be uh coming here well i would think that would be national guard they were definitely dark green anyway uh where there were coming from that i don't know i would assume uh i don't know where a large installation is uh presumably uh Jacksonville or land though i don't really know uh but i would assume that they were definitely uh some sort of uh three and a fleet like that and these were the extremely large ones uh a lot larger when you remember back to the time when uh Nixon was living down there and keep his game when yeah i was living down there myself two at the time for about nine years uh uh i hope it is that and i i honestly do believe it is had a go about checking on it i'm not really sure but my uh i guess my question now is the integrity of uh our good old uh commission commissioners there and my amy and what can God's name took him so long to uh finally uh throw up the clearance they hey we need to do something you know uh i've got a lot of them for this superbowl and whatnot yeah there's a lot of skepticism from up in the northeast where i'm originally from you know people this could have been and should have been nipped in the butt uh uh uh uh daico at least uh because this morning uh i was on mommy beat early and watching uh uh CNN news and uh you know it's it has broken nationwide and whatnot but uh i hope this does bring some release and i hope something because come about from it okay appreciate her in front okay okay uh yeah i don't uh i think there is one immediate answer but again he's right uh right in the beginning they should have reacted swiftly and strongly and had a good visual for us and this and hey we're just not gonna let things get out of control and subject the area to another grotesque humiliation but we have we've had another not just nationally but worldwide and i mean media's here the superbowl is the single most watched event in the world i mean you can't compare to anything else even the world series because the world series is a four to seven games it's a succession of games day and and they out these superbowl is a single event that is watched and covered by more media than anything else in the world and as a result we have media here from virtually every yes technical uh technologically advanced country in the world so um here they all are and this is what we are providing for them and they've seen the way we've handled it or not and they uh you know the impression that they're getting what this community is all about of course as you point it out you know there's a whole page there of media people who have been in the wrong place at the wrong time and gotten beaten we saw the Canadian friends and the guy with a blood pouring out of his head and this will be written about for weeks and months to come so as i said yesterday do not look upon this is some kind of an isolated episode or something that we can sweep under the carpet you know you need to look at it from the larger perspective of not only how we are living as a community or not but how the rest of the world looks at us and i just i just don't know you know i always keep saying it and we somehow managed to survive just barely but how much punishment anyone community can take i mean it's been going on virtually nonstop for the last eight years and uh you have to wonder how much longer it can go on anyway we're not going to go on any longer because we're at the end of the line for today's Steve vis a coming along next and he's got an entire panel of a folks are going to be discussing the riots in overtime liberty city and i guess we finally did conclude that we can use the word riot today right now fine a Reverend Carlton Coleman of the new Providence missionary Baptist Church which is located in the area in questions going to be one of the guests and some other so stay tuned and uh i want to thank seriously the audience we had some i'd say 99% of the calls they were thoughtful and reasonable and rational and concerned if nothing else uh show that there are those people out there concerned about the area that they live in okay have a great day let's hope for peace and quiet and cooler heads to prevail tonight we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 wio day