Well, there's often again probably be back at W. snooze. Right Robert. Right. So what's going on? You have a good new year? Yeah. You go into the track tomorrow? No, I get to. I want to leave. Well, I bet you they're racing today. Let me see the sports section. Now, but you because it's a holiday, but you're racing today at Coders. Well, I can't really tell you because I grandpa is a lot of really good. So I just think I'll go with him. Yeah. And what happened? So I still want everything all day. I have. You'll ask it all, huh? Yes. Well, that should teach you a good lesson, Robert. I noticed that there were five winners at a lottery that Rebecca Paul Boy, she's got a great sense of humor. And she noticed those numbers she came up with, 20, 30, 40, and if there would have been a 50, she would have used that, but they came up with 49. Because that's the last number there, right? Who the hell are they kidding? Well, it's the 15th set. Oh, no. I'm going to bet 50 and 60 next week. OK, Robert, well, I wish you good luck. OK. Bye. Now, I don't think they are running today. Although, Pompito Park is offering free grandstand admission to children 17 and under beginning with tonight's program. They're also doing something else tonight. And I don't know. I can't remember what it is. In December, Pompito announced a senior citizen policy that provides grandstand admission and reserve seat for 75 cents for patrons 55 plus. Wow. I'm not saying a word about that. I haven't shot. But no, there haven't something special. I think tonight at Pompito, and we should have some information here, because they're starting on a show very, very soon. But I shouldn't say it should I unless I'm sure. I think it's free admission for everybody to all levels of the track tonight. That sounds right. But they're starting on a regular basis. Free grandstand admission to children 17 and under every night starting tonight, which is about time that the permutule started really getting into this family bill, right, getting some younger blood out there at the track. 1032, a WIWD. Now, what were you saying about upstate New York? I'm now talking about like July or August. This one I'm talking about. Definitely the time to go. Preferably August. That's what I'm talking about, like August. I'm going to go up there. And I'm going to go to all these places that I have heard endlessly, you know, said over and over and over and you don't want them to do. I'm going to have my picture taken in front of these places. Great. Why you're up there, by the way, why not go over to Niagara Falls? It's right nearby right by Buffalo. And they can cross over. Be sure and take your Canada. Yeah. You go to Niagara Falls, Ontario. I'll rip off. Get ripped off. Real bad. You go to the Wax Museum and you go at all those tourist traps over there and get ripped off. The worst in the history of mankind. Niagara Falls. I think I have plenty to do, you know, with Donna Bobbs and everything. Yeah. And you're right. And you want to get a sub, but what's that place in Buffalo where they got the subs? You'll figure all this out and write it down for me. And so I have a list when I go on a main street. There's no that great place where they have those subs. You'll remember. In fact, Nemos, remember Nemos rose sugar. And I like to get somehow related to this someplace. And I can't think of the name. Somebody you'll call in. See, you're probably inspired a lot of upstate New York calls already. Now that's not the purpose. Which is exactly what we want. Of my comments. 1034 at WIOD. The Palm Beach line is available. We just mentioned that in passing 655, 9463, 655, WIOD. And the when we come back after a guild, oh, Gail is here answering the musical question in the newsroom is Gail Bright. And after we do the headlines in his little break, I think we ought to do some carpenters. Don't you? We'll play that one that we got cut up. I brought in not one but two albums. Because I was positive that everybody would have seen that movie last night. This happens to me all the time. I will watch something on network TV, which is a rarity for me other than sports. And come in and talk about it and get all enthused and nobody will have seen it. I don't know why they do this to you. Yeah. Pretty fond of this. No. Anyway, I'm sure Gail probably saw it as a couple of comments to make during the news. It's a 1034 at WIOD. Oh, 1038 at WIOD. We're going to play that record. Are you going to talk it up? No. Oh. Well. But the new Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, Americans, youngest talk show host, six year old Neil Rogers. OK, I guess we're down from mail. And they're sworn minutes left in the hour. Who wants to come call? Only. Hello. And Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. Well, sir, I can't hold my subscriptions. I'd a lot just to democrat and chronicle. Oh, the good old D&C. We're in a bush and that's the phrase. Then I asked how many other people did life lines. And they said, no, my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. OK. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a fun American. Have a nice life. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. The mile. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old gluesmith and badware at a pantry. Bake all. Bake all. Bake all. Did he say candy? I'm gonna sneak it off. I'm a mung brain. I want my bike. Do it about every Saturday to do this show. And this guy calls me names. She might need to shame on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bags, boys? I've been lamping. No, what are you? Can't think about a thing. It doesn't matter. I'm a munger. I'm a munger. The world is a six-meter-long in here with an A. I'm a munger. I'm a munger. It's my car. It's a munger. I'm a cat. Hello. How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out of your cell phone. Yeah, but you can't shut up. You can't shut it up. I don't need this. Hey, all for some other station. The table, a munger, a friend, a dolly. But instead, I stay here in an empty room. You'll grow cats. That's doing. Do the best. Unbelievable. To me, the hell. Hey, what's this new driver? What kind of phone are you on? I'm sorry. How's that again? Do you have a dial phone or a lock? No, I had to put it to the operator. You're so lucky. You're lucky. What's the game today? Hey, I was listening to Joy Reynolds on WKBW last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I was a man. More than a daughter-in-law, man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right. Joy be room in two. Oh, she's trying to add your pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait for her. Oh, boy. Okay, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of this shell. But I will not. Okay, this is the K-sweak on TV. And I just had this feeling. With TVKates anywhere on the screen. That's right. You would not be watching a great movie like the Carpenters movie. She and they must take it a long time to film that because there was obviously all lip syncing during the movie. Uh-huh. Because they used all the real records. Right. And she did a great job. What's the name of that actress that you sent a gift? Very nice. Uh-huh. And it is a very sad. You're right. Very traumatic and depressing and the parents were just unconscionable. And the mother was feeding Richard Quailudes and the got him hooked on drugs. And, uh, just be on believe. But the comment it ended. You just wanted to spit out lunch breakfast and dinner. Never read again. Correct. So all those disgusting jokes about the Carpenter diet that we've done on this show over the last several years. We won't do those again until tomorrow. 1043 at W.Y. We do have somebody at a Palm Beach line who saw it, right? I knew I saw the movie. And it was very depressing. Yeah, but it was well done. Yeah, it was very well done. Music was beautiful. Kind of like Carrent's a lunch breakfast and dinner well done. But there you know very little. Yeah. I'll tell you if she would look like me, she would have killed herself. What do you mean? If she would have looked like me, she would have killed herself ten years sooner. She didn't kill herself. But just she did it slowly. Yeah, it was really sad. Yeah. But she was very maladjusted. Do you think it was just a parent? Just a mother? Well, that's what the story says. She had no social life. No. Neither one of them. And she was 24 years old and she was living with a brother, which her mother didn't want. But yeah, we're talking a little bit bizarre about that too. You notice? And then when she got married, which marriage is our recall, I think the marriage lasted only a few months. No, I didn't even know she was married. Yeah, very, very briefly. But you notice the brother was very jealous. There was something going on that didn't come out in the story. You know what I'm saying? It almost seemed like there was something between them, but they didn't say anything. I mean, family was just a little bit too close in some ways. You know, there was something there that didn't meet the eye. They had that one scene where she came home and her husband was there with groceries and she was surprised. Yeah. I didn't understand them. I think it's where else would he be? And she was singing in the background. Masquerade was the song they played when the husband was in. And I'm curious as to what that was supposed to be telling us, you know? Yeah, I don't know. Do you remember years ago there used to be jokes that she was dating Barry Mannell? Well, that would have been pretty humorous. I could have understand Richard dating Barry Mannell. Me too. Yeah. You know, there used to be something that was popped into the paper, but I don't know. I guess that people around are new that she had all these problems, but if somebody who was in our records, we didn't have it yet. I'll tell you one thing, boy. She had the best voice of any female vocalist that I can think of. I mean, just in a queer voice was like a musical instrument. Just tremendous. You think stories like ours belong on TV? You think it's really interesting? Oh, sure. That she was so messed up. That's what people are into now. Don't you understand? Yeah, no. The more nice stuff you are like the liberati story and the popular vocalist. Yeah, like being a vocalist. Well, hey, that's what America's into. I suppose I want to do so. I guess some of you are. See, yeah, me too. Well, I enjoyed it, but it's kind of a rough thing to have enjoyed it. Yeah, I still want to risk lightly at the end of the movie, but the right wrist, you know? You don't get channel 12 very clearly. No, it's clear, but it's not. When 10 and 12 were both ABC, for example, I would always watch 10 because it was a little sharper. Right. And the color is a little bit better than 12 on my cable. Now, that may not be true for everybody in Broward, but where I am on that God forsaken Continental cable. 12 is a little washy. It just doesn't have that real sharp crisp like a local station. And it's not. It's coming from Palm Beach with about 50 miles away. And they're not going to give you channel 6, aren't they? Well, we got channel 6, but the quality on my cable is so bad. I'm not joking. Yesterday there were times when it was just like snow. It looked like the Bears Eagles game. Wow. Well, I work at channel 12, so I'm going to have you as a viewer. Okay, you've got us. Okay. Okay, bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. 1045 at WIOD and let's go to beautiful coconut grow, hello. How are you doing? Great. That's probably the last thing I'm so. The only thing I was struck with is that I'm caring. Actually, I don't want those kids to have an identity of their own. Yeah. You'd think with all the money that they made. Well, they were, the parents just coddled them to the point of being obnoxious. And then when they came and they bought them that beautiful house and they brought home that Plymouth Fury for a day and all of that. And the parents were just crushed because they weren't going to move into the house. They had those big rooms all set up for them. 24 years old. And they wanted them to live in the house. Unfortunately, I think that situation like that is happens too often. We use the kids involved in show business and they have these driving parents. And I'm sure that parents is not going to be the last, you know, story that you'll find where you won't be very and parents like that. Yeah. This is, I almost switch this right. Interesting. These stations have made it really more complex and it really ought to be. And believe it or not, because of that, there people that who really don't know which program was going to be where. Well, you know, I hate to break the news to them, but for 50 cents or whatever, does they go on by a TV guide or if they're too cheap to do that, they can actually get their weekend newspaper. And for free inside, they'll get that TV book. And all they got to do is I know it's difficult, but if they look in there, they'll find exactly where the programs are going to be. I know it's a little bit difficult, but trust me, it can be done. You're talking about 10 or 6 in the snow, all right. Yeah. And I was watching, I think, there's a 10 or 6 in the snow, 10 where they were interviewing these people and, you know, then these people are often used about where they say were programs where and there's this one lady who said, I don't need to know to say it when I watch 10 or 6, I can smell it. I can smell it. I want to smell it. I'll go back up. Yeah, that's cute. Yeah. Okay, thanks a lot for the exciting call. 10, 48, 12 minutes to 11 at WIOD and open line in day. If you move real fast now, we're going to really pick up some steam. I didn't have any problems. I didn't have any problems. I stay. I looked in the team. No, because you live right down there by six is tower. And I punched in the channel I wanted. There was the show I wanted. It was a 751. 9463. Now, the only open line is in Boka. 278 WIOD. And we have another caller on one who saw the movie last night. Hello. You guys have rehashed it already. There's not much more to say to it. Yeah, what's left to say? I mean, other than the mother, I didn't. I didn't. The mother went, when she said, what should take from these trailers, you'll feel better. Yeah. That was terrible. I didn't realize that. To start him on that. Well, if you ever notice, they always seemed like, and I'm not saying this are castigly, but they seemed like barbie dolls. I mean, in real life, you know, they just was something not real. I wonder if that's how it really all happened basically, you know? Well, I don't know, but evidently, I think Richard wrote that story. Really? Didn't they? I'm pretty sure he did. And he's got some pretty bitter feelings against the parents of it, I mean. I guess so. For all those good answers to show a bunch of extra gotics around today. Oh, great. Mercury and Steve Howell, the baseball player who was a great player. How call it, yeah. Unbelievable. Anyway. Well, listen, you got to be on something to watch her all though. I guess. But you know, I didn't see the paper, Michigan State did they get blown away. Let's not talk about that, okay? Neil, I really want to know. 3427 Georgia. Also with the course game. No. Well, the score doesn't indicate it was lopsided all the way through. Michigan State played an abomination of a game they suck. Most of the game in the first half, especially, was like duffy dory. He had come back to life. You know, two yards in a cloud of dust. And this perlous man, I'm telling you nothing, but a slob. That's basically what he is. And life thought they were going to hire him for the head coach. Good. You'll fit right in there, man. Bird, when you go to a Rochester wherever you're going, I think it'd be more interesting if you, you know, calling once a while, go to a major league ballpark and calling in and just got some baseball game. Yeah, that'd be good. No, but you know, I might call in anyway, but not from a ballpark. That might be a good idea. Well, I don't know about that, but I think I should call that week from different places. Over stadium in Rochester. No, the runs are playing Buffalo. I could call you from Don and Bob. You know, I think you're going to be good. I don't like that. To keep us alert about the sports that they get to do, you know, play it by player, you know, for some time. Now, are you going to be okay because of that way that game came out or you're going to be alright? Well, I've got to let a friend from Michigan. I just didn't know the score and I was. Wait a minute, from Michigan? Yeah. Yeah, we've talked a million times. I got to let it. I call you from Detroit. Yeah, but you don't say Michigan. You mean from Michigan State? Well, yes, from Houston. Because then people think you mean University of Michigan. They always say to me, oh, yeah, University of Michigan's playing. You went there and I say, don't you understand? Are you really that dumb that the University of Michigan and Michigan state aren't the same? Well, that's a, that would be like saying that FSU and the University of Miami are the same. I agree. It's totally different. He's left into fun place and our, and our, like, uh, uh. Oh, and our, is a fun place. It's alright. Yeah. Why is there hands several times after they go to the bathroom? Okay, listen. I can't believe you remember that. Have a great day. Take care. 1051 at WIOD and we'll be right back after this. And every four on this first day of the New Year for us in Boy, where we're excited about it. We're thrilled to be here. Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah, good morning, Neil. How are you? Great. I call first to thank you for Siam's doll. It was absolute delight. We've never even heard of the place, but because of your radio, your, your, your, uh, little plug on the radio. We went there the other night. It was last week. Mm-hmm. And it was absolutely delicious. Yeah, sensational. And they're nice people. Very nice people. Unfortunately, they were sort of empty. I think it was Christmas night or something. Yeah. Well, now that, you know, between Thanksgiving and New Year's for most restaurants is a pretty good time. But another, all of this stuff is out of the way. Finally, we'll get back to abnormal. But, but it was delicious. Absolutely. Delight. And we heard about it. And we told them we heard it from you. Of course. And my wife works in an, in an office that has a lot of blue hairs. So she's not allowed to turn on your station during the day. And I keep telling her about some of the, uh, rather strange songs like candy bar or your ass also on that I hear. And she says that's impossible. They don't have that kind of stuff on radio. First not. But I have my wife home today as I was on a work. Well, that's, you got to plan that. She's home. We're not going to plan a request today. But some of those might actually get in there before the day is out. Right. We're hoping it will. We're going to keep you tuned in all day. Great. We've saved it for the last half hour. Okay. No talking. Okay. I'm no fool. Have a nice day. 10. That's a occasional as there's a lot of work that you can call in. And in some sneaky back door way, get in a request or a suggestion. Forget it because we don't play that game anymore. Okay. When we're ready to play the stuff, We'll let you know. In fact, probably the the sureest to clue will be that you'll hear it. And then you'll know where planet. Okay. There's an open line in date and it's browser. Look at that. Little crisis on a phone 751, Wiod and date, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three and Brow to Campoli, Rich had a running out front the other day. Way up there in a front end. I don't want to mention any names, but what are we going to do about her? I don't know what the story is, but certainly just real. Certainly. Yes. That's correct, Roger. Did you have to ask? Everyone says the same thing. Nasty. I'll just have to try to enlighten her up a little bit. Let her stop taking life so seriously. Okay. Don't want to mention any names. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. I'm a first time caller. I'll be gosh darned. And I'm from West Virginia. I couldn't tell. No. Well, I just wanted to say it's a happy new year too. And the same to you. Thank you very much, Dan. Go mountaineers. Yeah, good luck to you. Hey, we're going win. I don't think so, but good luck to you. Why do you say that? Well, I think Notre Dame could be a little tough for you. But you know, never know. Go out there and give it your best shot. Like Michigan State did last night. Yeah, right? Right. Wasn't good enough, but they gave it their best. Sure. I just wanted to say that I don't understand what you can flying about down here. It's just so wonderful living down here. But no, do you live here? Yes, sir. How long have you been here? Oh, print near three months. Oh, three months. Yeah. That's how to find you as an expert. There's no question about that. Oh, you got all these modern conveniences. Yeah. Big old town. Yeah, I know. Like flush toilets and running water. Hot and cold. I know. It's even in the house. I know. It's right in the minute. But we do have some ported johns for people like to, like, there's still the home. Right. Right. I understand. In fact, if you go to hell and there, they got a special portable john there for all the politicians. I've heard of hell and there. I hear all the wreaks people live down there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They still got every time they were born with men. Well, I just want to know that since I moved down here, I started wearing shoes again. Yeah. Yeah. And I quit having babies. I'll be damned. Well, that's great. But anyway. We got a lady just moved in from Nashville. I bet you shoot you and heard just hit it off great. Well, get your touch with her. Okay. Okay. Great. Okay. You all have a great time. Good luck. Come out and near. Yeah. Go, man. Okay. Bye. Bye. It's 10.58 at Wild. Now, pretty soon. I'll what time does the first bull game come on? By the way, Carter is close today. And I don't know why. I would have thought maybe it's because of the bull games. But the last week they did race on Monday. And they were closed Tuesday. But this week they are closed in Carter. They'll race tomorrow. I'm sure. And the pump it was open tonight. Now, what times the first game on? It got just pages and pages. They'll be pages. I have it, sir. I don't know. Well, we'll try to get a few hours to be many, many more. Next year, the good news for you is there will be two more. Only two. Now, the cotton bull starts at 1.30. That, of course, is a UCLA. Can you make it to one third? And, um, what are they playing? Oh, Arkansas. The hogs. Or is that the razor backs? I don't know. I get that all confused. Now, how many dozen hours to build this? Now, the BST bulls at 440. That's a big one. That's a 10p if we can say that. That's a Notre Dame West Virginia. So, only, we just call it about only moments to go. About 10, 11 hours of this. That's, I don't know if that's enough. So, this one's 130. I would think there'd be something starting much sooner than that. Well, check out there already. I think there already. Probably. And we probably see Bob Barker out there marching against, uh, me for coats and stuff. Okay, it's 1059. That means the news is coming with give right at 11 o'clock. We will come back with three more hours on this great holiday. We hope you stick around. We might even actually play some of the stuff that you want to hear. We definitely are playing more carpenters. Okay. Good. Which will help us get through lunch really easy. And, uh, we'll be back at 11.05. Steve is working this afternoon. Believe it or not. And he's going to be here to bitch about it from 2 until 6. So, what are we going to start the new year? All right. We got an open line in Berhombie 655 WIO Day. We've had some really brilliant calls from a Palm Beach County. Oh, a car today. And Nick has another cost of one of his notes on here. One of his depressing morbid notes. It says the carpenters are one of the few groups that were worse than the Partridge family. Okay. He's comparing the carpenters to the Partridge family. So when you call it on the show today, Tell Nick he's a subhuman douchebag. And that his taste in music is, um, well, we can't say where. Right next to Jupiter. It's 11 till noon at WIO Day. Two days in Jupiter, here on to V12. Great shows come your way. Whatever you turn to 12, the price is right here. And guiding lights here. Someone to turn to Steve V12. The young and the restless, as the world turns, and Falcon Crest, these are some of the great CBS shows now on TV 12. They join your favorite programs. We love Fortune and TV 12 I would disnews. In South Florida, the one to turn to for CBS is TV 12. Your favorite programs will bring the most of you. Daytime and Fridaytime, South Florida with you. We'll see the essence well. Sing your watching the best team. Your extra hard, hard, hard, Well, it's a part of it. The one to turn to TV 12. We've got twice the traffic. Twice the airborne coverage and dated brothers. And twice the qualified traffic staff to bring you to work at home. Twice as fast. Now, more with Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610. WIO Day. 1153 at WIO Day, I've gotten incredible Carpenter's story. Carpenter's radio story. I was working at WIO snooze and she died on a Saturday afternoon or Saturday night. And I was doing Sunday mornings. I think I was still doing eight to midnight during a week. And I was doing Sunday morning show from 10 to two. So I came on, you know, I'd heard the news. And I gathered up all of my Carpenter's stuff. I came in early and I carted it up because actually over there, you could get in the production studio, unlike here. And I carted up all the Carpenter's hits. And I did a tribute to the Carpenter's because she had just died. And I'm sitting there and playing a music. And I see the bat line is ringing. So the board up and I picked it up at the same time. And I hear this voice. It was the former General Mangler or WNWS Luke Cron. We used to call him drone on the throne Cron. And he sang, What's he doing? What's he doing? And the board up said he's doing a music tribute to Carpenter. She died yesterday. Well, whatever the hell he's doing. Make sure he gives the caller. Let people know we haven't changed the format. I just got to call him from what he said break. And he wants to know what the hell's going on. Now back in those days, I had like 10 and 11 shares at night. Okay. I had number one show in the market by so far. And these idiots in management and this business. Oh, he didn't give the callators. And I think, oh my God, it was so typical of the kind of idiots that, you know, are the powers that be in this business. Like because we took one day and did something a little bit different, right away the whole audience was going to have a panic. You know, I mean, I came on between every couple of cuts and I said, what we were doing and there was no big deal. Typical business man. Absolutely. And he was hostile about like, Wow, what the hell's he doing? Whatever this thing is he's doing. Yeah. It's called music. You idiot. You subhuman douchebag. Yeah, the former general manager of WNWS. Boy was he a piece of work man. I've never forget the stories when I was in Nashville for those exciting couple of weeks. Or it was there a month. And Jerry Williams was the program director of WNWS. And of course, Jerry is so far above and beyond what was going on over there at that time. And he used to go in and have these screaming, ranting sessions with a crowing and one time threatened to turn the desk over on him. I had it about half way up in the year. And I would have paid admission to the owner's job. I'll tell you that. Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. And the YouTuber. Okay. I'm going to be positive whatever the... You know, happy New Year to everybody. We appreciate it. But let's get on with the show. I'm going to make a new eye. I was so depressed last night after watching that show. Yeah. I went out. I got a gown of cookies and cream. Did you? I'm telling you. I hear about half of it. Yeah. It was tragic. A little lettuce on the side. Oh, no. I've got the... The Santa's pretty big. The Santa's part of the whole thing is when they finally got her straightened out and rehabilitated, and she sat down on Thanksgiving and ate a turkey dinner and had stuffing and two helping of turkey and potatoes. And she went upstairs and her mother after all this time finally was able to say I love you. I love you, Brian. And she croaked, you know, she did her heart rate. She couldn't believe it. I mean, evidently, as she was so shocked that that's what did it. Um, it was just right around. Thanks, given time. Wasn't it? Well, evidently, it was on Thanksgiving night. Or the week that weekend. Yeah. Anyway, the I have the exact opposite problem with what Karen has. I'm...I'm done. But can't gain it. Really? Well, I breaks my heart. I'm on you with my fist, okay? I'd like to take a mallet and just beat your brains up. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to hear about it. I can't stand it. I just... I just want to ask people like you. It just keeps eating and eating and shoveling it down and never gain it out. I mean, I eat two sandwiches for lunch every day. I'll bet you do. And, you know, I have... Has he mayonnaise? I eat lots of pasta. Yeah. But I hope you get a cholesterol kind of 600KD. I almost eat it. You can turn me on to the pizza loft. Right. It's fantastic, isn't it? Oh, my God. Yeah. It's your last night. Good. I hope you'll get a full day. I hope you'll get terminal biting in the... I really need you. Phalonius Flaxulence. Well, by William, you know, I know you're not going to gain tighter. That is correct. I have no interest in that game. And if that makes me a bad guy, so be it. I couldn't give a damn less. And if the brass kid does happen to win, hey, you know, So life goes on. I really, you know, to eat your own. And I want to Michigan States here. And we lost last night. My real distinction in my last place. I was on the place out. I know. I was watching a game. They make me sick. They couldn't win a fixed game at Michigan State. And did you see that Perlis man, he looks like... Oh, you remember? Remember? Sir, calm down, sir. Here. Do you remember? A gibber in it used to coach the bears away about 700 pounds. Who made fat Reese look like Minnie Mouse? That's who Perlis looks like. This guy was so ugly, damn. Yeah. It killed his absolutely abomination. Yeah. Well, all the players were ugly on both teams. Sir, we like him watching a car park. By the way, is that remind me, Neil? Here we go, yeah. What? You, the call has been so butch so far. So why can't you just keep it that way? Well, weeks away. And then you can see the center field up for the UM. I can't wait, sir. I'm telling you this guy is dead. Okay. Have a nice life. Yeah. Oh, I'm telling you. Ron Fraser is doing cartwheels. Now, see, Ron told me years ago that he always tries to find the ugliest players on the team because then that if they got to run into a fence, no problem. They're not worried about their cosmetics. You know, about keeping their face lift up and all that stuff. Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour. And we have just whizned by if you've partnered expression whizned by two hours here on this. First of all, you're Roger Happy New Year, too. Have a wonderful life. And that's you on Friday. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It was different boy. Oh, it was your different. April, worth of my believers in the window. He's not there. Gail is still there, boy. That's Gail. Well, we're doing a little punishment on Gail today for that show. She did what Steve that day. Yeah. She's going to be in there till midnight. And then we'll come back at the 12.05. Quiet. I can't find it. You know, I can't get a little lot of food on the night. I know. I'm going to go and show you. I know. A wreck. That's for me. I'm mess. Oh, here's the carpenters again. And there's very manual. Look at that. What the pages away. Do you think that's just an omen? And you see who he's with? That's interesting. And you do notice that you never saw Richard Carpenter and very Manolo together with the same mystery of the dancing cop. He told bosses he was disabled then landed a job at Chip and Dale. Oh. What a story. You see, you got to have this magazine. You know, I keep telling them how happens. The black y'all. I think there's a little barachi who looks a little bit like the black. Yeah, hearing the right neighbor. Getting more. Here's the white elf. That was a big thing about the colonel. It says how the colonel shafted elf is. New book. Dick. Volango spending 11 years researching Parker's management of the millions made by Elvis and concludes that the colonel got the best of the deal. Now that is the colonel. The colonel is the one that you want to see. And now he's taking a dime. Yeah. That curl. How a barber bush lost him. About 157 pounds. You got rid of George. I don't see the black Elvis. He was in here. Yes. I saw it. And I said, Oh, here he is. Teen sensation. They're calling the black Elvis. Albe sure. Albe sure. Albe black. And Albe. And Al definitely, as I said, do not be Elvis. Okay. Fords of screaming female fans hurling bras and panties on state is being held as the black Elvis by new generation of teamy bopper. One of the stymie singer's biggest fans is Madonna. Yeah, that's all. He says he loves to work out to the 20 year olds pulsating. Yes. Music. Oh. Jets will be on a summer break in June. Floating. No. So he<|nl|>cks toe. Tom Chanel. Oh, think he likes Istadelm cumin. Right, like, for the rock. It's like Tracer St. Except but he has a different neck microphone session. It's a great song. Right thing. Anyway, it's even its past noon at WI-O-D. One thing I promise you because I know there are a lot of people out there get his sterico when he hear the Carpenters like Nick. He has no taste at all. His taste in music absolutely sucks and tomorrow we're going to bring in the cartridge family. Just an honor and just to agitate him and get him his sterico. And every group that he puts on there and believe me, I've got him. I've got a library that's the second only to Johnny Dark and that's because I never got a chance to steal all the albums that he did. But any group you'd all like, man, we'll bring in here. We'll do like a whole serenade for you. Yeah, so I was only going to play one or two but because we want to make your new year a friction full. And we got some lettuce for you too for lunch so stick around. Just a little tiny bit. Such a feeling's coming over me. There is one more and most everything I see. Not a cloud in the sky got the sun and my eyes and that won't be surprised if it's a dream. If we think I want more today, it is now coming through. Especially for me. I'm sorry, isn't it's clear it's because you're the layers of the lettuce. I'm on top of the world. Down on creation and the only explanation I can find is for the pound ever since you've been around. You'll look with me at the top of the world. And when you learn my name, I let's tell and make the things I like to say. In the ease of the trees and the stoutures of breeze, there's a pleasing sense of happiness for me. There is only one wish on my heart. When this day is through, did I win the fight? That is my biggest mistake. If you want me, all I need will be my end of you all year. I'm on top of the world. Down on creation and the only explanation I can find is for the pound ever since you've been around You'll look with me at the top of the world. Down on creation and the only explanation I can find is for the pound ever since you've been around. You'll look with me at the top of the world. I don't know how anybody could not like the carpenters, but there are some sour pushes in the world of just ten-note taste. It's eleven past noon at WIOD. Are you getting a big bang out of that magasus? Quite a little magazine. I like to talk about the preacher at thirteen children with his daughters, buy his daughters. Miami, hello. Hi there, Neil. How are you? Good. It's cookie again, hi, bird. Cookie. Yes. I'd like to tell you, I'm not getting married. You told me that last time. Everybody call me thanks. You're getting married for no. Why? When I called you last week, apparently at the end, you said cookie soon to be married. Everybody call me up. You're getting married? I'm like no. I don't have any idea what you're talking about. Cookie, but you're not the first one. You're not called. I don't expect to remember every caller. OK. Whatever you say, Cookie. Sorry about that. I did get to see the carpenter not the copper destroyer, not on this entirety, because unfortunately, I was at home. But I was really shocked. I don't know. I was shocked when the mother was talking to the psychiatrist. And he said, well, you got to say, I love you. And she's like, it's not our way. I mean, we're kind of a mother. Does not say I love you. Well, what kind of a mother feeds quailudes to a son to go to sleep at night? You know, obviously, the family was just a little bit screwed up. I thought that was really bizarre. Yeah. I mean, because my, I mean, well, Cubans are really affectionate anyway. But I mean, my family, you think about the telephone and your living room. I know those Cubans are real affectionate, believe me. Firstly, when nobody's looking, you know what I mean? Cookie? Yeah, I know what you mean. Also, I hope you have a great new year. OK, you too. And Squash all those rumors for us. OK? I'll try. Whatever the hell they were. What? Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, I'm just, it's just a joke, Cookie. Have a good one. You too. 12 13 at WIOD. We have an opening in date. If you move real fast now, 751, WIOD, that 7519-463, will be right back. Steve K. It's so Florida's highest rated after doing talk shows. Find out why. We asked her news from 2 to 6 right here. Now, more of Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610, WIOD. 12 16 at WIOD. We have something shocking that we've just discovered in the weekly, what is the name of that thing? Weekly for a weekly world news. Not to be confused with the weekly news. Correct. This is a unique college that's opening for stupid people. Perfect for most talk show performers. OK? And it's a stupid people can get this news. And it's going to be opening in all sorts of people on radio management, qualified automatically. You don't even have to take an entrance exam. If you're in radio management, they immediately will give you entrance into this university. OK? Now, here are some of the classes you can take. Mitch, pitch pay attention to this. You may want to take some of these classes at this new college, camel management, especially the camel set in habit to go be desert. You can get a clotter. We're having a smokeer. Yeah. UFOs, spotting, bird watching with special emphasis on the song birds of the Ukraine. Professional pin, pal management. Artist modeling, posing nude for hours on end is a very special skill, of course. Chicken and turkey plucking. Oh, yeah. That's one of my favorites. Now, they're also going to include Mitch, ducks, geese, doves, and quail. Bicycle riding. Now, this is a good course to get a degree. And that's a very, very desirable degree. Don't you think if you take bicycle riding? So I have more information on it. I'll also go or may don't know it, dunking. You can take a course in there. And here's a man. And there's another article here on the same page. A man in Oklahoma City who suffered physical damage to his right elbow. It was from leaning on a blackjack table for 15 straight hours. By the way, I noticed that we have a live spot coming up at the 24. I just mentioned this in passing for which our illustrious continuity department is given me. Oh, I do have some stuff from Roy Slanthaw, thank goodness, this is kind of a backup. So we will do it. But just astonishes me. You know, that old saying, what is it that they do? We used to wonder that at the other place. Now, we know that if you have food brought in here that they do spend a lot of time eating, there's no question about that. Well, we've got about like 7,000 people that wanted the holes here ordinarily. Of course, they're all off on a busman's holiday today. But maybe somebody in the audience can send us a postcard and let us know what these people do during the week. Other than come in, like make sure every other Friday and pick up those chicks. Just like at the other place. Because it's frightening. We don't also have a pump in a lot of law. Did they do it? Would you just check between now and two? Because I know they start either today or tomorrow. I'm praying that it's tomorrow. OK, thank you on for that. They're incredible. Who is all the people that work here? The people in continuity. What is her name, Laura? It's very, very nice, young lady. She eats a wicked meal. Man, you put any food downstairs. She'll suck it up in no time at all. But this copy, man. It's like little pieces of paper here and scraps over there. In fact, in the waist basket, there are four or five spots that start next week. OK, it's 12, 19 in W.I.O.D. Bokha. Hello. They're a bird. Yeah. Good yandas. I just want to wait. I knack. You're a sub-human douchebag. I can't believe you don't like the carpet to music. What's with the gig? You'll cut your officer. And if he does, it'll be his last ever night. They always teach full out except once we can have a... I hate to break the news to you, sir. But that ain't... What turned to whiskey, so that 100 betbugs get drunk on it and dance to Mazarka in his belly part. There you go. Good suck his gentleman. OK. Excellent call. 20 minutes passed noon at W.I.O.D. and I seconded that emotion as Smokey would say. We have an open line and I shouldn't say Smokey, because he probably don't like the miracles either. Right? Don't like the miracles? Oh yeah, down. Thumbs down. How long? He's a fan of Dallas. So, so? He doesn't even know who that is. Don't they ever go? Oh, hard. Yeah. Good. How about what's his name? The Black Elvis. Albee Bayer. Albee Shure. Albee Shure. I don't like it. OK, there's an open line and Brower now. If you would dare to talk to Nick. Five, two, four. W-I-O-D. In fact, we're waiting for that special call from Richard Carpenter who is going to be calling me for the end of the show. Oh, we'll be playing one more Carpenter's cut this hour. Trust me when I tell you. I'm a fan of all of his protests. And then tomorrow, it's the Partridge family on W-I-O-D. My amy, hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Bird? Fine. And we also have a few David Cassidy soloes just to rub it in. Hey, I'm David Cassidy. Yeah, you sound just like that. I'd like Friday, right? Yeah. There you go, Raj. I was going to tell you. We're down at Forte City. I figured out we're all of Canadians are breeding. Really? Come down in my great town here. Oh, it's terrible. It is bad. You have to see that, Neil. Okay, well, whatever you say, it sounds kind of boring to me, sir. We have an open line in date, 751, W-I-O-D, that's 751. In fact, we're down to Forte City and calls on the board hall. Wow, really? Yeah. I told you, this is going to be just like last Monday. There, nobody in the business works on these two days. Okay. On the official holiday of Christmas and New Year's, only at this God forsaken douchebag place. Does the upper level manage to be sitting at home and just all they're doing all day is just enjoying the fact that they're making a few of us a select few of us work. That's all. That's the only thing they're doing. They're not enjoying the holiday. I was driving somewhere over the weekend and sunny and Joe were doing sports talk or Hankin. Somebody was doing it. And they were saying nobody is going to be calling between now and the end of the show because nobody is listening. Now, who do you think called into the board ought to say, make sure they know that I'm listening? Mike doesn't have. I knew it had to be either him or her. On a holiday. He either him or her. He's hurted off, Mike. Okay, give it a rest. Go out and do something useful. Okay, go play in traffic and Allenville. Do something worthwhile for a change. Don't be out there listening on a holiday. It's bad enough that you're making us work. Okay? Both the Palm Beach lines are open, which is a rarity on this show. Both good 270 WIOD. Can we get that West Palm line out of there? Can we get rid of that thing? It's a waste of time. It's costing a lot of money, right? It's a big way. Right there is a big waste of money. I mean, we could probably bring an efficiency expert in here clean half of this joint out. Okay. So the right of us would make some real money, okay? I mean, half of these fakers out. They want around here. Oh, where's my paycheck? Where's my paycheck? There's people that work here like 20 years ago that come in to get a paycheck. I saw big Wilson in here, probably looking for a paycheck. It was incredible. Okay, we're playing for this stinkin' Palm Beach line. And all we get there is abuse and hostility and a lot of loony till and like I said, let's leave it in. 23, Pans 12 at WIOD. And let me read my little message here from my good friend Roy Slanthov, a Gulf stream. It says Neil, happy suckers. And of course, there's something in here that I can't say, regards to clawed rains. I did receive a Christmas card from him and Mary Ellen. Oh, I know who you're talking about. I'm not going to talk about them either. They make me want to scream. Anyway, Gulf Stream will be opening next Sunday, week from yesterday. Can you believe it? Hmm, they'll be racing January the 8th through Tuesday, March 7th with major league through a bird racing at its very best. Post-time daily is going to be 1 PM. And opening day only next Sunday at Gulf Stream, they'll be rolling back to prices for you cheap skates out there in Halanddale. Grants did admission only 50 cents, come out submission as a buck and listen to this. So do we'll be a dime popcorn beer and coffee, 15 cents, hot dogs, 30 cents, and free to patrons paying admission, which will not be me. Limited edition collectors item, key ring, engraved with the 50th anniversary emblem. And they will be showing throughout the day over the track. So in house TV monitors, five of the greatest races ever run at Gulf Stream. And they're also introducing a lot of brand new things. They've always spent millions of dollars every year to renovate and keep it up to day to Gulf Stream. The rooftop bar in grill right at top of the Clubhouse dining room, which will afford seating for 400 fans in a spectacular view of the track. And the good thing about that is when you have a real bad day and you're plunged back, you can jump right off, wind your dining at the rooftop bar in grill. So you can have like a chicken wing in one hand and a losing, perfected ticket in the other hand and right down to the finish line, it's fantastic. And don't forget, children, accompanied by an adult, will be welcome during the entire meeting now that the miners bill is a fact here in the state of Florida. And we'll be telling you, as the days progressed throughout the week about all the exciting activities that are coming up and about some of the big state races during the exciting 1989 Thorebred season at beautiful Gulf Stream. Only one soft Florida radio station is super enough to be named your Super Bowl Super Holestation. We'll bring you every bit of the excitement as the countdown to Super Bowl 23 rolls on. More with Neil Rogers, on New Star Radio 610, WIOD. 1228 at WIOD, now Laura, evidently called Nick during the break, is his sterical is apoplectic, says don't talk about her and he does not eat a wicked meal. All right, she eats a not so wicked meal. All right. Now, she's a wonderful person, all that, but this copy situation is incredible. Is that the nicest word that I can use? I mean, little scraps of you know what would be nice? I know this is revolutionary and I know this is rocking a boat again, but you know this space right over here where there's nothing sitting here, one of those nice, filed cabinets where they have a hanging file, an alphabetical order, and all the life copies sits in there. Instead of in these books and sheets of paper and folders and envelopes on the floor and the waist basket wouldn't that be incredible? I know it's revolutionary. It's trying to change things. He's been here just a few weeks, there might have always got to change everything. That's the way they used to do it over there at WIOD, so that's the way he went to it here. I got news for it, they never did anything right over there until we forced them to do things that made sense, Mitch is smiling because he knows how true that is. He used to tell him if you turn the transmitter on it to work a lot better, they'll actually hear it. And they said, why bother? And I had a point, okay? Most of the day they did have a point. Well, they saved like hell on electricity. And Rick Edwards used to come in and turn the transmitter off and it's out of the same. Like at night when you're in Pembroke, it's still on it. Like this, whether without the transmitter on it was great. But anyway, hanging file for the copy would be great for the new year, so Laura, I know you're listening, we love you dearly, you're a super person, but straightened out your act, okay? It's 1230 at WIOD and let's go to Cooper City, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm fine. I'm fine with the first article. Great. We think. Okay, the melting pot's story? Yeah. She looks forward. Oh, I'm listening. I'm sorry. Drive up there about 12 o'clock at night, making a reservation. The ambulance went well. Yeah. First client that showed us how to do it. They're showing you how to do it, huh? Yeah. Put the food in the oil. I'm waiting. Waiting about an hour. Nothing's cooking, Kuala Mova. It's going to be fine. Don't worry, wait, take a little while. I'm 13, 30, quarter to two. I'll reach under the table and I pick up the plug and finish it in. Yeah. Oil, right? Coal and then I'll take you to Food Hall and cooking. Well, great. You have something to do. So it's a great first experience. Okay. Well, the listing now. What do you think that you'd understand that there'd be something a little, I don't want to suggest you a little slow. But after the first hour went by, what do you think you might become suspicious? Well, when nothing was happening to the oil, when the manager would everybody come to a coming over and say, well, by that time, what was this a New Year's night? No, no, this was about a month ago. Well, they were getting ready for New Year's night. Right, they kept coming over and say, well, I'll little red light goes out and a lot of time the bowl goes in and... Yeah, copy. Well, what do they know? You know, we have four birds in New York. No, I haven't got any ideas. It's probably down there in a cat's field. That's really from the same town that they... I don't know anything about the cat's skills. To me, sure, that area is like a giant void. That's why we moved down here. Yeah. The same town that Alan from the track is from. Alan Finkelson? Right, face house. Yeah. Who up to up the town in my whole life? Did you really? Yeah. Isn't that incredible? And you survived it, huh? And I survived. That's great. Well, he's a... he's a... some kind of guy. Let me tell you. I don't want to tell you what kind. He's all right. How are you, sir? The whole thing, yeah. He's the whole thing. Yeah. I'll tell him you said that. In fact, I'm going to be there tonight. I hope to see a lot of... Well, there's off again. Probably be back at W. snooze. Right, Robert? Right. So what's going on? You have a good new year? Yeah. You go into the track tomorrow? No, I get to. I want to. Well, I'm actually there racing today. Let me see the sports section. Now, about you because it's a holiday. About you. They're racing today, if colder. Well, I can't... well, it's a good... I can't... Well, I got to go... I can't find one. I'm really good. And also... I just think I'll have... Yeah. And what happened? So... I still want everything all day I have. You'll ask it all, huh? Yes. Well, that should teach you a good lesson, Robert. I noticed that there were five winners at a lottery that Rebecca Paul Boy, she's got a great sense of humor, don't you? She noticed those numbers she came up with. 20, 30, 40, and if there would have been a 50, she would have used that, but they came up with 49, because that's the last number there, right? Who the hell are they kidding? Well, it's just... it's just... it's just... it's just... Yeah. I'm going to bet 50 and 60 next week. Okay, Robert. Well, I wish you good luck, okay? Okay. Bye. Now, I don't think they are running today. Although, Pompatopark is offering free grandstand admission to children, 17 and under, beginning with tonight's program. There are also doing something else tonight. And I don't know. I can't remember what it is. In December, Pompatopark announced a senior citizen policy that provides grandstand admission and reserve seat for 75 cents for patrons, 55 plus. Wow. I'm not saying a word about that. I haven't shot, but no, there haven't something special. I think tonight at Pompano, and we should have some information here, because they're starting on a show very, very soon. But, uh, it's free. I shouldn't say it, should I, unless I'm sure. I think it's free admission for everybody, all levels of the track tonight. That sounds right. But they're starting on a regular basis for grandstand admission to children, 17 and under, every night starting tonight. Which is about time that the permutule started really getting into this family bill, right, getting some younger blood out there at the track. 1032 at WIOD. Now, what were you saying about upstate New York? I'm now talking about like July or August. This is one of the time. Definitely the time to go prepping August. That's one of the time that like August, I'm going to go up there. And I'm going to go to all these places that I've heard endlessly, you know, said over and over and over and you know what I'm going to do. I'm going to have my picture taken in front of these places. Great. Why you're up there by the way? Why not go over to Niagara Falls? It's right nearby, right by Buffalo. Uh-huh. And then you can cross over. Be sure and take your Canada. Canada. Yeah. You go to Niagara Falls, Ontario. Oh, rip off. Get ripped off. Real bad. You go to the wax museum. And you go to all those tourist traps over there and get ripped off. The worst in the history of mankind. I refuse. I have plenty to do, you know, with Donna Bobbs and everything. Yeah. And you're right. And you want to get a sub, but what's that place in Buffalo where they got the subs? You'll figure all this out and write it down for me. And so I have a list when I go on. On Main Street, there's that great place where they have those subs. You'll remember. In fact, uh, Nemos. Remember Nemos, Rose Shoer. Sure. And I like it somehow related to this someplace. And I can't think of the name. Somebody will call in. See, you probably inspired a lot of upstate New York calls already. Yeah, that's not the purpose. Which is exactly what we want. Of my comments. Ten 34 at WIOD. The Palm Beach line is available. We just mentioned that in passing 655, 9463, 655, WIOD. And the when we come back after a guild. Oh, Gail is here answering the musical question in the newsroom. He's Gail Bright. And after we do the headlines in his little break, I think we ought to do some carpenters. Don't you? We'll play that one that we got cut up. I brought in not one but two albums. Because I was positive that everybody would have seen that movie last night. This happens to me all the time. I will watch something on network TV, which is a rarity for me other than sports. And come in and talk about it and get all enthused and nobody will have seen it. I don't know why they do this to you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not a Honda racer. Anyway, I'm sure Gail probably saw it has a couple of comments to make during the news. It's a 1034 at WIOD. Oh, 1038 at WIOD. We're going to play that record. Are you going to talk about it? No. Well. Back to the new Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, Americans, Youngest talk show host. 6-year-old Neil Rogers. Okay. I guess we're down to Neil. And we're swarming this last 10-layer. Who wants to pick some calls? Only. Hello. Neil. How's it going? Great. That's good. What's all I care for my subscriptions? I'd like to ask you a question. What's the question for you? I'm the good old DNC. What in the portion that you bring? So many of you have so many other people that like words. And they said, not all my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd like you all. You're a son of American. Have a nice life. Run. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Tomorrow. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old gluesmith and a bad word about a pantry. Wake up. This is day so far. Did he say pantry? He's gonna speak it off. What a mung brain. I want my bike. Do it in my house every Saturday to do this show. And this guy calls me names. She might need to shame on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bags, boys? I've been wearing a pee. No one are you. Can't believe about a. If it isn't my time, it's a million. A million reduces. The world in the day is 60 in here with some eggs. A. Shet is my car. Tim the cat. Hello. How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out with your style. Hello. Yeah, but you can't share it out. You can't share it out. I really need this. Thanks. All for some other station. Academia, Almarra, Fridonia. But instead, I stay here in the kitchen. You've grown cats. That's doing. Do the best. Unbelievable. Timmy, the house. Oh, this new hudders. What kind of son are you on, sir? How fair again? Do you have a dial phone?