All right, so one day with the weekend, we said, maybe you'd like to get an honest job and stop trying to buy a pick-up of the Pope, because they say, and after he gave Boyguria a poke in the eye, he said, that's pretty cute. Why don't you come in and do Steve show on Thursday? And he said, but I never did a radio show. Has the guy worked in Orlando, I guess, huh? Yeah. And he's going to be talking about two really exciting topics today. The scuttling of the Eastern say on, I don't know, nobody knows who he is. There's a message in here. No, I'm not joking about Nick wants to know. We don't know. Either boygiri don't know who he is. But he's breathing, okay? See that in this market, it'll be breathing. That's about it. You can be on the ear. You have your own show by probably by next Monday. I'll have like be replacing Bryce Binkband. And then from 4 to 6, he's going to have the band on assault rifles, which this gun control. We haven't heard about that in the lead two or three days. State Senator Howard Foreman and Bennett Greenberg of Shooters in Porium. How's the nice guy named Greenberg selling guns? He must be importing oozys from the Israelis or something. What's that all about? Okay, 20 past 11. We got a call in a mobile and broard. Hello. New good morning. Yes, sir. Are you aware of who's in first place in the National England this morning? Nationally east. How about the cups? Well, we're tired. Well, what do you mean, do you think I don't know? It'll be six and two. Give me a break. Five and a row, my friend. And then, do you want to drink? No. I would love to be, though. That's so that I think that second part of my vacation when I have just a week in July or August today, is I'm going to go up to Ridley Field. It is absolutely a fabulous place to see a ballgame. You know, being from New York and living near Epidse Field, we used to go there all the time and watch the poison summer. And as a result of all these blue ballpox, that they've opened up over the years when you get to a place like Ridley and watch a ballgame, it's an absolute delight. Yeah, these other places are really sterile. Have you ever, have you watched any games from Montreal from that old, is it Olympia, stadium, Olympic Stadium, whatever they call it? It is the most sterile looking place. It looks like it was made out of a cookie cutter or something. It has no personality at all. I hear. And they got, and they got a retractable roof on that stadium and they great part of it is once they got it built, they don't know how to get the roof back. They don't know how to slide it back. There, yes. Right. Four days in July when it gets warm in Montreal. It's the deadly that people over at that, having had a really annoyed at you because they've ever since you're on your, do you system's diet that you don't go in there and want to eat? Well, I don't go in anywhere else to eat either. I listen, tell them if I have a stroke in the ground. I won't be eating too many meals there. There's a tongue just to relax. Everything will be just fine. In fact, even told me they're going to take your picture up the wall. No, I don't do that. I know better than that. Tell them I have a good day. OK. Bye-bye. 21 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward at 524, WIOD. The cup sucks. And we should take one more before the break from Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you doing? It's great. Listen, I just want to know, does anybody know how to say they're going to be televising Robby Kenebles jump tomorrow night? Well, I know that I'm going to get it on the satellite, but I'd say a review thing. Oh, I. Maybe I won't get it. Maybe it'll be one of those real scrambled. I don't know. But it's paper of you. So you're not going to get it on your regular cable. OK, I guess you're going to know. Now, what do you think about that? I've been watching all the previews for it. I'm a little nervous myself. I am too. I don't have good feeling. Don't you think some of these people are little nuts? Yeah. I mean, I know there's a lot of money. How much is it? I'm not sure. I don't even know the amount. I'm not. I forget how many million, but. I didn't follow the spot or jump. Yeah. I'm just interested. OK, well, I'm going to I'll tell you what. Maybe I'll tape it. OK. And then I can describe it too. If it doesn't turn out good, then I'll just forget about it. I guess all here it comes. Yeah. I'll probably see it 400 times on the news. You know, slow motion, freeze frame, you know. Really? Oh, and another thing. Oh, gosh. That place up there, I'm 41 by the, um, Honda plays where you eat. Oh, gosh. Yeah. They don't have the onion rings up here. Are you serious? Yeah. We went in there the other night to get some. And they do not have one. Well, you better tell them to get on the stickers. The onion rings at all the other charhots are the best in the world. So tell them to get with it. OK. We're going to work on it. OK. Thank you. Bye. Yeah. Have you seen the previous for that thing? Mm-hmm. For the jump. I've seen some a little bit on it. Not a whole little bit on it. See, if you want to do something unique, you can go like to Halea and take a few thousand and plunge his brains out. Then fill, we'll escort him up to the roof and he can jump from there. And then if things don't work out, they can like bury him right on a finish line. No, I don't like those. They make it a very, you've got to be nuts. You've got to be crazy to do that stuff. How much is he getting for it? I don't know. I really don't. Something to think about. Um, what is that? A caller wants my view on Lama Daryan? What is that? Lama Daryan. What race is he in? Lah, Modry and Restaurant. I never heard of it, did you? The Mandarin. The Mandarin Restaurant? Which one? The one in the corner? Oh, there's one of them. No, not in the corner. That's one in Miami that's supposed to be tremendous. Yeah, it's called the Mandarin Mandarin Garden. So I know that. Now we're going to get all confused. There's one called the Mandarin something, which is supposed to be one of the greatest Chinese. Yeah, the one in the grove is one of the best Chinese. Probably about the side of her. Yeah, best Chinese Restaurant. I've ever eaten Mandarin Garden. Well, if that's the one they're talking about. Yeah, we'll get that straightened out. In the meantime, isn't it amazing the way we just followed these? Like, follow an awesome rock. Amazing. Follow an awesome, double maze. The Andreus for tremendous gourmet Italian food down there in South Thade at 8800 millero just west of Galaway. And boy, it is better than words can describe it for you. A huge menu with just loads and loads of entrays. In fact, it probably took me a half an hour to go through all the entrays on this menu. In fact, that would be a good way to kill a half hour. Great pasta dishes of every kind of pasta, including some you've never even heard of before. And fish and all kinds of other seafood delicious, the old dishes boy, they got a whole, whole column almost of baby cow and chicken dishes and lots, lots more delicious homemade soups. Everything is homemade. Everything is as fresh as the fallen snow and it is delicious. The atmosphere is great. They've got that big, beautiful banquet room. If you've got something special coming up. So if you want a great lunch or dinner and I mean really the very, very finest in northern and southern Italian cooking, this is the place to find it. DeAndreus, 8800 milleroid, they're open 1130 in a morning to 11 at night during the week, Monday through Friday. And then for dinner only on the weekends, but they're open late Saturday and Sunday 6pm to 1 AM, you tell them Neal sent you by to DeAndreus. When the skies began to dim and the air became thick, thousands of self-lurety and turned to Newstalk Radio 610 for the answer. The Florida Forestry, the Department needed help that the National Guard would be able to provide our new center, went into action, covering the story and letting you know what to do. Why do people think they'll air conditioner down in a window's clothes? And 610 Wiod meteorologist Bob Soper provided frequent weather and surface condition updates until the smoke passed. And with these wits, should keep that smoke back in land today. I'll have to complete one of these. When there's something happening in South Florida, turn to the station that gives you the story first. Depend on it, Newstalk Radio 610, Wiod. Now, more with Neal Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610, Wiod. Little furry creatures near the highway in the dead of the night. The flashes still are wet of deer crossing in the globe. My bright headlights. Is that the neighbors can I see up ahead in the wash of the corner street light? I'm not aiming, they just never see me coming. And I guess that's why they say, every car has a home. I wonder if I'll some ever more. Just like every roadkill leaves us a little for more. Every car has a home. And then we'll be right back. Well, if I ask, I already say that Robby Knievel's jump will be carried out by ESPN from Vegas. I don't believe that because it's paper view. And nobody in the right mind would pay for it because almost everybody's got ESPN is got cable, right? But anyway, we'll get it straight now. It's only Thursday, right next to Marnight. We've got plenty of time. Open line is in the Palm Beach, by the way, left one show out today. In fact, it could be on what time is she on here, Sally? I would have just ended. Sally just said, Drunken drivers meet their victims. That ought to be a good one. Okay, here's a mobile and Broward. Hello. Okay, that's this town for you. Nobody's anywhere. Okay. That was kind of cute. Now, that's one of the very few times that's ever worked. Yeah. Right? And I like that, so. Yeah, that kept in days got a good sensey humor. It's about time he had a chance to use it again. We have an open line in Broward 524WIOD and Palm Beach is still a little dormant because they're all getting ready. You know what it's for, don't you? Oh yeah. The big 12 to 3 hours. Appleplctic. They're all out there trying to get their windows open. Unboole. You know how sometimes if you don't open your windows for many months, they get like stuck in it's hard to get them open. Well, they're all trying to crack those windows open now because it's free radio from noon to three in Palm Beach County. The lead followers show. You know what I mean? What do you think? What? It's nice to be able to talk a little bit again, you know? Yeah, you're able to get on. Yeah, I know why. Yeah, my dogs better take note of that too. That means the bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Yeah, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Yeah, then Broward was in here this morning. So I was practicing my bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. I'm in this morning. North Miami Beach, hello. Oh boy, now we're going to have water. We're going to have a flurry of these now. Oh boy. There's somebody there. And the phone is like dangling. Let's put them on hold because that sounds pretty mysterious. Del Rey, hello. Well, yeah. Yeah, Danny, finally, we radio a kind of question for you. How was the, I was going to couple days in the web closed. And there's a station in Tampa, called, then we m and f. And it's a surprise. Well, wait a minute. Call y. W m and f. m in s. f. m in s. Right. It's 88.5. 88.5. That's down there with like those pubic situations. Yeah, it must be a pubic situation. No, it's a surprise because I mean, the base thing, everything. I mean, it's like the night shows, whatever it's like. It's like a ten o'clock. Yeah. They just go. They say everything. Well, I must be, we gotta be. It's got to be a public station. Yeah. It's, it's more, it's a lot of a lot of public access station. So, yeah, somewhere it's like DNA. Yeah, you didn't hear any commercials on it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no commercial station now. No, but it's just like a lot of rap. Which hopefully that. Yeah. But they did go on and on. They meant to write the whole out of me. Because I mean, they almost couldn't do that. Well, you see, that's, that's the hypocrisy of the FCC is that like if it's like on television, if something's on PBS and they say it's a national geographic special, they can show all these naked people running around and all these body parts and all these women with these gigantic breasts, then it's okay. You know, if it's under the guise of PBS, but if it's on the network and they did that, then all of a sudden they have an reverse breakdown. And so it's all crap. Yeah, they were, they were, even the people call in. I mean, they call them for a question. Something they just, they just allowed them to say whatever they want. You really? Well, I think we'll try that for a day or two. For an hour or two. For like two or three minutes, okay? It's 1133 at WIOD. We have an open line in Bokanau. How come I hung up on him? I don't know. Well, he was finished, wasn't he? Thank you. I think so. He is now 278 WIOD. 278 9463. That could be part of our whole new format. He's just whenever the mood strikes me, like even if you're in the middle of the sentence, I just reach over and disconnect you, okay? Not for any particular reason. I'm making a little more exciting. Anyway, so we're going to be playing music on the show. Now, some of the people, even on Zeta, which was supposedly a music station, although you could have fooled me. But even on Zeta, there were people, oh, geez. If we want to hear music, we turn on her and the queen, or we turn on this one. I'm sorry, folks, but I like playing music on a year. I don't care what I like it. Plus it kills a lot of good time. But I enjoyed. It's part of a show like this. A pointless show, and we play some pointless music, and it all fits in together. Okay. So I'm just warning them in advance that that's going to start. And I'm going to like the Brian Wilson thing. I remember the guy called a couple of days ago and was saying, were you really serious when you, oh, now we're going to have a real problem. Okay, just dawned on me. Uh-oh. Oh. Yeah. See, we didn't have, well, we did have a problem over there too, was Captain Dave. He never liked the music that I played. No, he's wanted to play that crap that he liked. And we're going to have the same thing with Nick here. He's going to be giving us a critique. Oh, this is going to be a good thing. Because he don't like anything. Okay, and we're not going to be playing that crap that he likes. That's a purple, which is pretty whatever it is. So we got some real, real heavy duty days coming up. So we're going to be excited. Yeah. So we'll probably play it real low. Okay, so we can't hear it. 26 till noon at Wild. Boca is open and also one in date. I noticed just now, the corner of my eye. 751, WIOD. This week, Papeno harness is hosting the greatest week of racing so far during the 1989 harness racing season. It's Floridian Pace Week at Papeno with great stakes racing right through Saturday night. Tonight, Papeno features the $50,000 Florida Breeder steak for three-year-old trotters. Friday night, the world's best amateur harness drivers take the track, Gianna Jagger, who made history as the copilot of the nonstop around the world flight of the Voyager. Is that right, Gianna? Uh-huh. Oh, I think it's Gianna. Gianna? Gianna? Well, spelled it right, Gianna. Well, make her Papeno harness debut driving in the Billings Amateur trot. And then on Saturday night, it's the biggest race for three-year-old Paceers of the year, so far, the $117,000 Floridian Pace. And the field is led by World Champion Rocky Bogart who last year became the fastest two-year-old Paceer in history. And at Papeno harness, you have even more ways to win because you could win at brand-new Gary Fronrath Chevrolet-Ai Rock Z. Camerole in the nightly pick seven contest. I think somebody picked five or six last night. I saw Gary Sibel on the really cable, but they didn't win the car, so it's still up for grabs. And you could win at 25 inch remote color TV in the drawing every night. No purchase necessary to enter complete details available at the track. Don't forget, bring the kids because children 17 and under are admitted free to the Grandstand with a parent harness racing nightly Monday through Saturday, 730 pm at Papeno Park. More with Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD. Whatever you say, 1137 at WIOD. Let me do this for you. We got some of our Robbie Canevel information about Bob. Hello. Neil? Yeah. Long time listener, first time far. Great. Okay, pal. Listen, he, uh, he could 250,000 cash for us to get a lot of the television promotion. You know, cash from the television people. I thought it was in a million. No. It's only 250,000. Well, he's got of his mind and he's nuts. Well, actually he's going to make it. He's, uh, I know personally from another friend of mine and I was talking with him last night in the real company that he's going to make it. You know, his father used to jump to the holidays and that's what the problem was there. All right. So he's jumping the, uh, fountains at seizures. Is that what it is? Yeah, he's going to jump. He's found the seizures on Friday and he is going to jump a dirt bike. Different than a Harley, which is father crash on. Mm-hmm. So, uh, just right. I know that he's got a million dollar, uh, life insurance policy for boys of London the other day. And that's about it. Incredible. Now, it's not going to be on ESPN. No, it's a pay cable. Yeah, it's a pay thing. Whoever said that was that was swishful thinking, I think. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Good luck. Okay. I think he's going to need it. 21 till noon at W.O.O. did we have an open light in Broward at 524 9463. And both the Palm Beach lines are open and the ready and willing. He's going to jump over pounds. The fountains at Caesars out in front of the right. Right. Right. And see that this sounds terrible for me to say this. But if God forbid, it doesn't work out, then they just kind of like flush it down. You know. Mm-hmm. That's terrible. I shouldn't have said that. But it's true. We wish him the best. Yeah. But just in case, I mean, see if there's a mess in the fountain. Yeah. You know, just, well, God. He's nuts. You know, he's nuts. Well, he is nuts for that. I mean, I thought he was going for millions. For 250,000 to put his thinking. Life on a line is he out of his mind. Is he crazy? That guy who just called. You should call him up. Now tell him changes mind before it's too late. Yeah. He's nuts. He should talk to Bill Wise. Maybe they have a job for him over at Chetri. And that story. What do you mean Rick Edwards on a hotline? What? What? Is that a joke? Big joke. This is going to be a joke. Hello. Yeah. Hey. I want you to hear some of you. I just got in. Listen to this. I'll be something really new to add to my story. Your morning show. Presenting crazy jingle. 100 and 100. What? I'm created by grippy train field professional fingers. Musicians and technicians. Who couldn't find real job? You with them just like Robbins and you'll sound like a million. Fortunately, we're only charging 99.95. That's me. Hello. It's a good to. Why am I here? I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Here's Michael Jackson. I still get the engine here on the phone. He's always. Oh bro. Andy. Brad. Oh. Here's Michael Jackson. Good morning. 6-13 now. On the free. 100 dollars. Coming up before 7 o'clock. Let's go to the phone. Good morning. Good morning. Good question for you. I'm talking about the big audition. What does the part on the set? Thank you. Okay. That's how they're stupid call. Yeah. I like that. That was a cute. Yeah. Thanks a lot Rick. Rick. Get over. Oh. Oh. Oh. This fits in right. It's amazing how these things are off. And I haven't. Oh, you got a car there. I haven't had a request while you were not feeling well. I never bugged. By the way, we do have a disciple from the Rick Edward School of Engineering in the building. I just thought I'd mention it. But this fits right in. You have Ricky Tickey. You have him. Oh, by the way, I should mention. Oh, yeah. You know what? It's funny. I was going to play this today. Yeah. I don't know why. But you didn't have something. I kicked. I kicked. You got. Wait until you felt well. But. Most of it just because. Oh, well, when we get the CD player going here to Marl or Monday. Ricky Tickey will be able to talk up again. Well, we first came here. We didn't have a pot to kiss. It's this big now. We got like separate pots for the Cart machine and a CD player. So we can he can talk up. All the hits. Ricky. We might do a show one day where he talks up just hundreds of records. Okay. I'd like it. God, that would be something. We're going to be playing some CDs by the Beatles. Beatles. How about total. Cool. Oh, I try to control yourself. Now just. Yeah. That responds to your losing. He's a piece of work. Well, he's a piece of something. Make moments. Make moments. I mean, that was not. Oh, I told you on the year, and off the year yesterday, but I'll mention on here. They're running a promo on waxing out where they. You know, you used to be, they were like a bovad. They would never talk about any other station in the market. If they were above all of that. And then I told you a couple of months ago. He was playing, um, do you believe in magic? And he said, that's magic with the G. It was like magic 102 spellzers with a J. That was his feeble attempt to strike back because they're kicking a crap out of waxing. Yeah. And the other day, they come up with a promo. And they played you believe in magic. And then they blow it up. They have that exploding blow it up sound. And he makes some kind of cost to comment about, you know, magic sucks or whatever. Something like that. Something subtle as only he could do it. Oh, here's a call in Boca. They want me to change my attitude. This ought to be great. Hello. No, that's not it. Oh, because what you said was so soon. If you would play it back, you said God took it. And you said it's very sincerely. I'm not criticizing and just commenting. I was surprised. No, wasn't it a matter of speech? You know, all you, all you people are believing fairy tales. Love, you love the seas upon those opportunities. No, I'm not criticizing the, I'm not at all. Well, what does that mean, though? But if you would hear your voice, you said it's so soon. See, well, of course. We don't want to see anybody get hurt to you. No, no, the way you said God took it. That's what I meant. What does it mean? Well, God is God accepted by every, but not God is accepted. Oh, lady, listen, listen, listen, it's almost time for your daily animal. Okay, get out of here. You believe that? Why are we talking to old blue hairs today? While she was good, you had a point. Oh, yeah. That's our quote for this month. I don't want to talk to anybody over the age of 10. It's 1144 at WIO. Do we have an opening in Boka? Giant opening in Boka? She just stuck the tube. She's 2789-463. 278 WIO. Look at that, Laura's eating in there. God, in case you're listening. Wow, she's a little frustrated. Marvin hasn't been here for a couple of weeks. She's turning to food. Now, she's going to blow up like the good year, Blim. Now, Scott must indicate to me that Scott just isn't taking proper care of our Laura, right? See, if you were taking care of all of her needs, she wouldn't be frustrated and eating like a pig in the other room. Eating off the table. Hmm. Am I exaggerating? Well, wow. That is shocking. So, Scott, you just don't have it, baby. Okay. Go, don't worry. One way to sum up your personality. Hmm. Okay, let's go to Orlando. Hello. Yeah. Hey, this is Joe and Orlando. How you doing, Joe? Hi, I've been talking to you. How come you're screaming, Joe? Oh, it's close to Clark. Hi. Oh, it's rough quieter. Okay. We've been driving home from Arizona. You're the first station from Miami. We've picked up the stuff that I'm relieved, Howard and Texas, but we didn't have to worry. He was really cool. He's everywhere. He's like a disease, he's all over the place. Yeah, and now last call you have from Volca, G, some damn blue hair. Isn't that incredible? It is. You know, God forbid you should call back again. Yeah. I mean, you say it's how convincing I am. It's like, you know, you bastard. What are you doing? Exactly. Well listen it sounds like you're having a great trip. Hey it's been a lot of fun but you know I've missed I've been out at school for a couple months I just missed Hawkins here in the on the radio. What do you mean you've been out of school? I just you just took off? Yeah well I got sick and I had a drop out for this semester. Oh I see so you figured you just take off and screw on a little bit. Yeah way out into beach for the next season. Yeah that sounds good to me. All right Neil thanks. Okay have a safe trip now. All right bye. Wow we're getting them from everywhere today. Yeah Orlando what was that other one? Mr. Mayo Mayo. Yeah we had to call from Mayo Florida in the first hour from our I don't want to say jail bro that's a terrible thing. Well he isn't jail. He wrote about there. He's a nice guy. He ran over three nuns in a street over here in West Palm. No he didn't I don't know what he did. He never told us. I didn't want to happen to anything too bad. I only in for a couple of years. It's 14 till noon at WIOD and I want to tell you again about oh we got a new piece of copy here we're going to