Okay, no time for foolishness today. Well, we really got some heavy duty stuff to do today, right? Huh? Like what? Now, we do. We have a lot of things to talk about. First of all, the bottom editorial in the Heraldis morning, Helen Dale versus Neil Rogers. I guess is a backhanded piece of support. Very backhanded, very much. It's interesting. The thing where it says the attacks on the city and its older people escalated and became uglier, which is an outright lie because they didn't escalate. They didn't become uglier. And we haven't even talked about Helen Dale for the last year and a half, basically other than the little stuff that we play the stick. But nonetheless, the bottom line is they've got to write to change. Stations are turned off and I guess, you know, for the Heraldis, was really great. Also, there's a letter to the editor and that other famous on campus paper, which we won't even mention anymore. Eric, who is a junior at UM, we thank Eric for his thoughtful and sensible letter. Mm-hmm. Good letter. Light along in the Sun Sentinel has an article, Helen Dale seeks Crosswalk to curb Jaywalkers, huh? Which I think is really, um, the commission agreed to spend $13,000 to erect a four-foot high wooden fence. Mm-hmm. And three Crosswalks between northeast 14th Avenue and Lane Boulevard. There were installed in April of 88. After six pedestrians were killed as they tried to Jaywalk across East Tallendale Beach Boulevard, two more killed in January of 87, and two more in June. But I guess that was just a big joke that we were talking about people getting killed Jaywalking and Helen Dale. We were hallucinating again. Also, I've got a letter here from Martin from BCC, who's handwriting is just like Adam from Hollywood. Now, this is the letter. Who talks about my poor grammar. I was gonna read it and then I'm sitting here and I thought to myself, boy, that handwriting looks so familiar. And then Adam from Hollywood who keeps writing to tell me that I say, grow test to often, and then on alter today's rights, that I don't say it often enough. So Martin Slash, Adam, thank you so much for your thoughtful letter. But we just don't have time to get into it today. Okay. Also, yesterday, one of the true radio slime balls in the history of this industry was appearing on the Esteemed Caneshow. And I was listening to it on my way home and then in the house I turned it on until he left just to see how often the attacks would occur. There are some people, if you could be talking about brain surgery in Siberia, and they would somehow manage to drag me into the conversation. Rick Siderman is one of those people. The word through the grapevine is, and I'm not saying this to promote him. I'm saying it because I have some comments to make about it. Or through the grapevine is that WJNO, which is losing, and I don't know whether I should use that word losing, they're afternoon drive guy, Jeff Charles, who is stays about four or five weeks at every state study works that and either leaves of his own accord or is asked to leave. The word is that Mr. Siderman allegedly is going to be replacing him up there or at least that's the rumor. Boy, if that is true, it's going to be great for us because he'll give me more publicity and Palm Beach County than I've ever had, because I'm sure that he'll never be able to allow a day to go by without doing his usual personal vitriolica attack against me. Okay. It was interesting with Bob Cunz, Tiriess, they had the two of them kind of become a soul brother. See Steve takes all of these unrelated douchebags, these chronic regulars, and kind of ties them all together. And so it really doesn't get any different. It doesn't make any difference what the principle is anymore. It's just the common thread that they all have is that they hate me with a passion, which is why Steve wants upon a time with so friendly with a certain attorney of ours who isn't too fond of me. And now that I'm here is fighting himself on the other side of the fence, but at any rate, cidermen made his usual obnoxious attacks yesterday. And I'm not going to dignify by defending or responding, but I will just say this for Rick Siderman to call me or anyone else a bigot is one of the most incredible jokes in the history of the human race. Okay. Here is one of the most huma, very importantly, huma phobic people. I have ever met in my life and of course now with Mr. Cunz Tiriess who's his new fond pal, his male bonding buddy, if you're part in that expression. He denies that he's homophobic. It's just that having met Neil Rogers suddenly made him like this, well I got news for you. I've spent about a total of five minutes of my lifetime in the presence of Mr. Siderman, other than one show that he appeared on his guest at WI and Zee. I think he was against if I can recall. Oh yes, he came as a guest representing the Republican Party of Dave County. But other than that, outside of that program, I've spent a total of five minutes in his presence. I think that time was when he walked into the studio here when you won with me that day or Tom Jika. When I was on with Steve before we came on the air here, yeah, I was and the came in and picked up the microphone on that and right himself to be on the show. Yeah, I missed that. But the other than that Rick Siderman doesn't know a damn thing about me. I've never spent any time with him thank God. I have no intention of doing it. Even though when I first came here, I was being pressured by a certain party to become part of that little coat of Rio of Miscores. And here's a guy who is an outed out homophobic. I think he even challenges Mike Thompson in that category. And that's really saying a lot. Yeah, it's like Thompson in this community is one of the real champions. There are some others. But I think Siderman is right in there. And back in the days when Shirley Spellerberg was on WKT and then with the late John Broward on two or three different stations, he continued his vitriol a comophobic attacks against me and against the gaze in particular. But now of course he just discovered that it's only against me since he's found a good buddy and Mr. Kunst. Mr. Kunst, of course never defends anyone if they don't happen to be one of his underlings. And since he only has about three or four underlings, obviously they are the only people who are involved in so-called gay rights, etc., etc., but it's not worth going into a long thing about, but I did hear it and I was not surprised. Okay, because the man is just unable to control himself and evidently the reason Steve Steve was unable to control himself yesterday because of these rumors spreading that this individual very shortly is going to be having his own show and we know the people of Jan or certainly wouldn't allow him to even call in because they're so paranoid up there. They won't even let Lee call in this show. So that was his last gas of having Mr. Axe on the show and they believe me. 50 cents a buy a real cool cup of coffee. Okay, it's a prominent past 10 at WIOD. Also Craig was here yesterday with a great day and I really hope that he lands something very soon. I hope he doesn't want to put on a street for a long period of time like some other friends of mine of the business because he just is too nice of a guy and too good of a talent to deserve being out on a street. And the reason I mentioned that is because here allegedly they're going to hire, they got an opening at JNO and they're going to hire a guy who at best has been a weekend and a fill in person. Ultra right wing, virulently homophobic. And I guess he fits in with a JNO mentality up there with a pattern of what they want to appeal to. But here's Stan Major's out of a job. Craig Worthings now available and they're going to put a guy like that. And so it goes to show you what kind of folks they are up there and what this business is all about. Okay, but you're right, he will do entire series about you. Oh no question about it because he has obsessed. Yeah. He has obsessed with a hatred toward me that is just beyond belief, just as some of Steve's other friends and guests are obsessed with that same hatred. As I said, that seems to be the common thread that ties them together. I don't want to mention Ellis because, well, no, it's obvious. I mean, there was a show about a year and a half ago, at least I got room wind of it when we were on figure on Zeta. Maybe an I and Z. And my name came up, of course, as it's so often used to on that show, isn't even did again yesterday in the conversation. And Ellis became allegedly, this is what we were told. It became so emotional and apoplectic. I was discussing with you that he had to walk out in the hallway, take a little breather because he was so hysterical about me. I have no idea why all of the comments read again seems to be homophobia. And I don't think he would deny that because his track record on that in this community is legendary. Anyways, 1013, we're going to be on that channel 7th thing inside story at 7 o'clock tonight for probably about 30 seconds. Right now, if your car is looking to be. Now, I'm gay in the life of D'Irond. Wait a minute. Stop this cart. Now, if these people are going to keep giving us these carts that are so loose, this is from our friend's chronic productions, which is the board-ups who have nothing better to do than play little games and we just appreciate it so much. But well, if it's right in with this week, this has been a technical week of this station that's like an ongoing nightmare. I mean, I just can't believe that all of this has been going on. And I love the, if you notice in the news now, that Bob Soaper is like in little box. Remember senior Wences? He's dead a little head in the box. Yeah. And every time anybody starts doing the new soap restarts talking, except when they call for him, then he's not there. But when they're doing the news, all of a sudden, so far, it mostly freezing today and all that stuff. It's just what a week this has been, boy. Reddible. Anyway, before we get to anything else, we have something monumental here at Ladies and Gentlemen, doesn't happen too often. But you, in fact, probably we won't get any calls today, because our whole audience is retired now. And they're off to spend their riches. But yesterday, we continue plugging away in spite of our bad racing luck at Gulf Stream. And the bird in the fifth race gave you heavy chalk, nine to five. Great to five, the fanities, but he won't wire to wire basically. Yeah. That's all that man. One by two likes paid five, 20. And then if you would have been a hundred, let's see if you can figure out a parlay. Anybody got a pen? No, we don't have a pen. Let me try to do it in my mind. If you would have been a hundred to win on vannities, there would be 260. If you would have parlay, let's say just but 200 of that, on feline of pain with Pazoo and the sixth race, which I gave, I guess, to the UK, in 1480. God, see, it wound up with almost two grand for your 200. If you would have parlayed, those two races that we gave in the fifth and the sixth. Feline of pain, 1480. How do you like that? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. We really got your rich yesterday. If you had any brains at all. And then, of course, the main thing, oh, a hot tip on the horses from Vinnie, yeah, Vinnie. Vinnie. Yeah. Yeah. Come on, Vinnie. We're on the radio here. We don't have time for you schmoo's in there. What's the story? Okay, listen. You ready for this one now? Yeah. Okay. In the seventh race. Okay, wait a minute. I'll end this game. I'll end this game for the seventh. It's going to be, what are you talking about in the seventh race? That was yesterday. Oh, wait in the wrong one. Oh, that was a winning grand second. Vinnie. Is he gone? That was a hot. He's a dog. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Vinnie. Hot tip. He ran second, baby. He was heavy, heavy chalk, and he got beat. What a douchebag, Vinnie. I'll give it even better one in the second race. Yes, today, bitter rule with Nunez, 1820. I'll even tell you what it'll pay. Okay. I like these people at my buddy Mike Gonzalez in the fourth race, nurse on call. He'll pay 1020. Okay. It's like the woman I called that day and we get from the previous day. She wanted the previous days when she was going out there and we gave her all the winners. Yeah. That was incredible. Nevermind. Anyway, what was that about to say before Vinnie called with that great tip? There's a hot tip for ladies and gentlemen in the seventh race yesterday. I want to escape. He might get a think. But I personally like blonde in a motel myself would perit for seven bucks in the seventh race. Anyway, what was I starting to do before where we got side track there? I was going to talk of Corey said length about the channel seven piece, which I'm ecstatic about it was on last night. Somebody is not too happy because his face kept getting blocked out. Totally. Well, see what you're forgetting is that the guy who did the pieces from upstate New York. So he didn't even leave with you. That's correct. I'm not getting even with you for all the nasty things that you've done to upstate New York people. And you were just, every once in a while, you'd see like a little piece of the bread back then. Yeah. Fat Rich was there prominently in the foreground, over and over and over again. So you're just jealous as what a boy was not a sensational, a sensational, a sensational, a sensational, a sensational. I agree. They didn't rip anybody to be honest with him, which is so unusual. Our C's pieces go, it was good. But no, great. What? All of these back? Yeah. What do you want? All right, let's take a, I made a mistake. I was panicking the seventh race today. It's going off six to one. Fabulous, pan he was Mike Gonzalez. That's a tomorrow horse. You're going to win a lot of money. I got a goal. I got people here to buy. Bye, Vinnie. Fabulous, panicking the seventh. Both my point is that you would have thought. Wait a minute, aren't you impressed? He just gave us a horse at six to one in a morning line with Mike Gonzalez, no less. I'm impressed with his first tip. Yeah. I like the first one a lot better. Yeah. It's still, it's still making a desperate drive in a stretch, Vinnie. I don't think he's going to quite get there. Okay, we got to do a little break here. Let's do things on time and try to run. I, let me just see something. Okay. All of people that saw the piece on channel seven last night. Can we see a little emotion on the phone here? Because yesterday, I needed that piece last night to be honest with you because the show yesterday was the colors were so bad that I think we said new one. I look at this. Look at this. The three lines in date were already lit. There's one, one person saw. There's a bokeh. I'm not going to give you the numbers. You know what the numbers were already. Okay. Don't play this hard to get. There's seven. Oh, there they go. Yeah. For our you people, you're, there is sharp as a moths of all today. Let me tell you that. It's 11 past 10 at WOD. If I have to your A-more James Taylor and Johnny Rivers records man, I mean enough is enough. Anyway, we're just talking about to the business here. Johnny, dark is here. Not to be on the air just to eat. Of course, because we, well, look, we feed unemployed radio people on this show. We have a long steady record of doing that. We believe in that. By the way, if you've got some blankets and sweaters, the committals are not joking about this. They need them desperately. They ran out of blankets last night. And tonight's going to be even colder than last night, which I think should be illegal in this state. But so if you've got some blankets and sweaters, either of the above or both, take them on down. Call a committal house and make arrangements to get them down there before tonight because they desperately need them. Okay. Okay. It's 10.15. I can't believe this. All the lines you'll let as soon as I mentioned Johnny dark's name. Oh, like a Hanukkah bush because there were a afraid that we were going to talk to Johnny on the air. It was kind of like the old forever. The Mike spindell syndrome. Mike was tremendous for that. You could be sitting here dying, not have a call on the board. And mentioned that Mike spindell just came in and every line would light up. Not to talk to Mike, but just to avoid that Mike would get on the air. Okay. Just to make sure that we would take calls through. That's a way to channel 7. I thanked him profusely that was a good segment on inside story. Is that the right name to show the side story was on last night. And it was the longest piece. It was the last piece, but it was a long segment. Four or five minutes on. Are you out of your mind? It was about much longer than that longer than five minutes. About seven or eight minutes. Holy. To tell our business the old. Yeah. It's guaranteed. And they had sunny rose and burglher Sunday. Would you like to see my hate mail? I'd be more than happy to show you. It's one anonymous card there, which was a horrendous thing with swastikers on it. And right away the suggestion is well, the comedy has gone too far. I'd like to see my hate mail Sunday from last 13 years. See the problem with sunny is like typical a hell and they'll no sense of humor. None. Zero. Take it himself too seriously. And of course, if you get ever did you see those bifocals that he wears here as thick as the Montpellainmore telescope. So maybe that's part of the problem. Okay. I agree. It was a good piece. But I do want to say what just one thing. Here we go. And that's right. Are you going to embarrass and humiliate yourself in front of the entire audience and be childish and juvenile because you didn't get on? It wasn't a piece about you. Or I was really embarrassed about the show. It was about me. I understand that. And it wasn't just on your way into a lot of other things. And you were and when they showed the thing at INZ, not only were you on there, but even Mark Killan was on there. Well, which was my only complaint about the piece. The fact that we had to see Mark Killan. Did you notice how fat I was in that thing at INZ? Did you see that? Yeah. Well, I had a puppet the size of my rush more. The size of our lean ross is butt. Go ahead. Go ahead and do it. I'm not going to interrupt. Well, I'll sound like it's sour grapes. Oh, well, see I've been trying to avoid you doing that. You're part of the show. So if we get some free publicity, when we will work for this station, you've got any publicity you get as a bonus. By the way, John, thank you so much for the beautiful business card. This is one of Steve's listeners, by the way. This is the guy who was in here with the space queen, the dean or whatever. And that's right. He has sent me business cards that are so shocking. Now when we go, let's see a week from tomorrow, I think, or Sunday, we're going to be a Toyota Hollywood Steven. I'm going to sign these just to get rid of them. We got a thousand pink cards and what they say is Neil. That's all it says in little tiny print. It looks like the size of the WNN audience on there. That's how small of that is. John, thank you so much. They're beautiful. And the pink, of course, adds a little touch that I couldn't do myself. We got a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. I just wanted to tell you for that piece last night and you were terrific. Wasn't I, though? I thought it was very fair. I thought it was upfront. Did knock you? It just told things the way it was. And the only thing to bear is to defend himself a little more. Maybe it'll give them a little more coverage. Exactly. If he would have just stood up and said, hey, you jackass, I'm over here too. Why don't you take a, you know, couple shots of me. But he just sat there. It is you. We're going to be a little bit more. We've got a little bit of cocoa and that was a fun back by accident. Yeah. Yeah. Also, if you see food today, tell him I ate there again last Friday after I heard you talk about it was a second time there and it was terrific. I am's dog over right. That's true. The only thing is every time I'm there, everybody's there for the first time because they've heard about it on your show. Well, there's no problem with that. That's the idea. That's what it's all about. You're running out of curry pop. Oh, that's great stuff. Well, we got pastory coming to the day. Joe is going to bring a little feast for everybody in the building. And we got pizza from Jupiter. And we got dessert from Uranus. Kind of a interplanetary feast here today. Okay. Okay. You have a great day. Oh, God. I'm not touching that line with a 10 foot poll. 10 19 in W. I. O. D. We have an opening in Boko. Now, this is more calls than we had all day yesterday, isn't it? Well, today was just today. I'm going to be here. Yeah. Really? How do you know they're legitimate? Well, you're right. One. That's right. That's more that we had all day. Yes. Do it. In fact, once we should elect after my neighbor right in the beginning of the show. Oh, also, I'm not can't disclose it today because it was off the record. But I was just told some very interesting and positive news from the University of Miami. Really. Some information that'll be coming on a couple of days. 20 minutes after 10 at W. O. D. We got a mobile and Palm Beach Hello. It's me, it was out of the way. I totally had some good calls. Yeah. And I want to ask you from Abbey. Yeah. Man, mobile is the best. You don't know. I have this mobile phone. Yeah. But how can they? They know brothers. I have the call. So that you're a mobitanist. I'll be tired of this. You know what? You call to the person. I'm talking like that. Okay, Nipsy, have it. I. 20 past 10 at W. O. D. The Palm Beach line is open. That's one of the best calls we've had on the Palm Beach line in a long time, by the way, which it really tell you were life. 655, 9463, 655, W. O. D. I've been to the people of J&O, I really pissed to the fact that we were on the channel seven actually penetrated into Palm Beach County. And if anybody got their shot in Palm Beach, they're really going to be paranoid over there as a J&O. They want they want to be the only station on the air. They want to be the only guests on the air. They just they don't, you know, they're not selfish or anything. They just want everybody else to go away. And then they still only have a 10 share, which I don't understand. If they were the only station they would have a 10 share, which means the other 90% of the people would just go on protest. Hey, listen, talking about a great, great restaurant. I don't know if you've ever eaten. I mean, you talk about on glued anyways. 23 past 10. It's W. O. D. Johnny Dark is here. And look at this. Now, what is this? If this is what I think it is, I'm going to be very excited. It is. Oh, boy, Bob Savage, you're a wonderful American, a great guy. And here it is. It's my past two, Hylia. Boy, am I excited about that? Let's see, Hylia opens on March the fifth that should be. No, it's March eighth. March eighth. And runs through May 28th. And I can't wait for that. I was going to say, I love, you know, I love golf stream, which I do. And I love, highly. And not the city so much, but I love the track and the flamingo's and the racing. Beautiful. And it is beautiful. It's breathtaking, magnificent. And look at that. Actually, two passes for the price of my will also one here on the show is over. Okay, it's 10 24 W. O. D. Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. You have really gone to you last night. Yeah, I'm sure. But I tell you, that lady, she had it in for you. What lady is that? The one who wrapped the story. Oh, yeah. She seemed to think that you were going to spend some time in jail or she wanted you to spend time in jail. No, that wasn't her. That was somebody else we know in radio land, not her. Well, I just thought I'd show you some support and give him a hell of that old man. I tell you. That old man's sunny boy just keeps rolling along, doesn't he? He was a riot. Yeah, he's a panic. Well, it's nice to know. You know, I think he's appropriate for a hell of a jail. I mean, let's face it if they had a teenager for mayor and hell of a deal. It wouldn't quite fit, you know? Okay. Keep it up now. Okay. I'm trying. Bye. Bye. Now, look at that. We've had three calls in a row. And another second one was good for a couple of last. This guy sounded young and human and fairly rational. I can't believe this. Oh, seriously, have you ever been able to figure out all the years you've been in the bit? Of course, you don't do talk shows. You play music. So you don't have to depend on the colors. But you've seen the way it happens. It comes in waves. Yeah. Now, here we got four million people within the sound of our voice. Not a note to of whom have anything in common whatsoever. They don't speak to each other. They hate each other. But when it comes to the way they respond in this from the first month, I was a KT. Of course, in the beginning, there's the honeymoon period. Oh, you're a breath of fresh air. Uh-huh. After a couple of weeks, surely. You know, then there were those days when nobody on the station could buy many calls. Now, does there anything logical that explains that to you? No. No. But it's true. It's true. It comes and goes in in streaks. And I noticed yesterday was a very, very bizarre day. And you know, Monday and Tuesday, we sat down here and never had to give the numbers out. And again, today for whatever reason, they're making a gigantic comeback. Like they're getting their last wind. Oh, yes, it's like the worst since we've been here. Like I said, they're last wind. Uh-huh. You don't bad about yesterday. Is his mic on by the way? I don't it is. It is. He's speaking of the mic. No, he talks for a minute. In the past. Yes. What? Yeah, I'm there. Oh, you're there. I'm just like off to the background. But you know, those disjockey types, you know, they like in tone way off in the background, because they want to hear the voice bouncing off. I didn't you say yesterday it was going to be a, uh, it just a very short piece on channel 7. I thought so. And I thought. And so I didn't watch it because you said it was going to be real. We did watch it. Well, I do happen to have it on video tape. Okay. Five bucks a seeding. I'll be more than. Well, I'll you to watch. Well, you don't watch seven you have this like strange process. Okay. T is in a control room again. I'm Marvin. Don't don't speak to him. Just pretend he's not. No, no, no, no, no. Don't tell him what time any spots are on the log. Because sometimes we have to move him around a little bit and he gets these he gets his clients all emotional and all their lives. It was not in the right time. We give him a three minute spot. Okay. And right away, I was not on the right time. You see, we don't do the spots KT for you or the client. We do them for the audience. So they can go in there and spend their money and have all those delicious meals and whatever else it is they're buying. Don't tell him anything, Marvin. I get a, I got the time. Tom, we already did it. Tell him we already did this spot. Don't tell him anything. Okay. Uh, there he goes. Tom, the pick a time out of a hat. Good. That's so we got rid of him. Okay. It's 1028 at W. I would D and we want to welcome Dennis Collins over at WNWS. We're sure he's monitoring today. We want to welcome all of people over at the winds in Zeta. We know that they're listening. Say, hi to Stan and Laurie, who are on their way up the coast for a little trip today. Who else do we want to speak to? Certainly all the people at the big stations like the Motivation Station. WKT, all of the people who sit inside the automation machines on some of the famous stations. We want to say hi to them because we know as soon as we have some numbers here, man, we're going to just puk him out on a year all through the show. Yeah. Go wise is here. Especially want to say hi to Rose Fulger because I know that he gets the numbers second hand from our Q and he'll probably get him faster from us. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm, I'm calling up here from Franklin Aviation. Now here next to the Miami International Airport. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, um, what I'm calling about is we're trying to put a shot down. Take them off a watch. Not a one shot. They're lying. They've been there since 1930. I know it's ridiculous. Yeah, don't you think? Yeah. Neil, bummer. Yeah. We make all the parts for them. That was what we're doing up here. I don't know. I don't think they ought to do that. I'm a hubel. Yeah. All right. Thanks around that. Okay, man. Bye. Great call. Good one. Oh, no, no, no, no. It was good. He's got a point. I agree with him. They're doing really trying to screw up this town. And by the way, Brian Cumble get out of town already. Will you? And take that big fat willard Scott with you too. Much of douche bags are they coming here? They bring all the cold weather from the north. That's why we got this cold snap because the day show. That's right. Don't blame my pals over at CBS. They're good folks. Okay. It came down for Darryl or great folks. It's NBC and the peacock flew it down here with them all the cold weather. So take it back where you came from Jane and Brian and especially willard. That willard. I got to tell you. She did it. They did a piece this morning. Jane Paulie did it on the keys and they had an environmentalist on and some developer. They were on. And here these poor guys and get all dressed up in their suits and they come all the way up here and all of this, but they were on a matter of seconds TV. And like in the middle, but the point is before they came on, they had willard Scott outside with the with the cliff. What's his name from channel? Yeah. Where the guy with the road map on his face. And there yuck in the top and laughing and bouncing around and they're using willard's head as a bowling ball and just, you know, all kinds of time. Nothing about the weather of course because willard doesn't really do the weather. He's just a clown and they must have done three four minutes of that crap and these poor guys come on and they're trying to do an intelligent piece and they said maybe 20 seconds worth of whatever. And Jane says, well, and of course, we thank you so much for sharing that with us and we'll be back on today on NBC. They weren't on for a minute between the two of them. Okay. I'm not exaggerating, not for a minute. And their priorities on that show are so screwed up, man. I mean, who the hell are who the people producing that crap? That's all the time. She doesn't listen to what the, the guess says either. Well, I'm going to have time to listen to what the guess is because they're all goosing her like, hey, it's time to get off. Man, the peacock is goosing her, which is why she always looks under Dores. You are being gooseed for an hour and a half. You'd be under Dores too. It's 1031 at WIOD is a Bryant 1037 at WIOD. So those are the first numbers off the computer. WIOD, you're 4 to a 47. So that's basically flat. Yeah. We don't know what we didn't this day, but we'll find out shortly. And GTR over there went from what do you say a 2 8 to a 39? Something like that. Yeah. So they evidently straightened out that floothing month that they had when they interviewed only people under the age of 3. Anyway, we have an open line in Broward 524. Well, that does happen. You know those diary fallouts. That's what the Rose has been saying for two years now, but somehow they just aren't buying it. Oh, good line in Broward 5249463 524 WIOD West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, this is right from Forsyth Lucy. And I got my wife hooked on your show. She's probably listening right now. What's your name? Lynn, she's a visiting nurse. Lynn? Lynn, she loves you. How you doing, Lynn? Anyway, you know, you're talking about Bryant gummo in them and I call him Bryant, Bryant, gumbe. And they got for the corny set up date. They always start the show with a real serious comment, station for about a few seconds. And then what you're saying, like one day they said, well, we're going to have this thing about crayons being poisonous, you know? And so I got kids and I was thinking, oh, I can't wait to hear this. But they started to talk a lot of bull on there. And they never even got to it. And this day I don't know. Well, that's because Willard was doing a six minute. Yeah, I'm teen. Yeah, but anyway, that they ought to replace those people. I don't do. Well, the show is doing very well. Don't you understand? Yeah, it's number one. Great in the morning. For whatever. Well, first of all, part of the reason they do greatest because Kathleen Sullivan is busy getting ready to cry on CBS. And when you get up in the morning, you don't want to look at somebody who looks like she's been crying for half hour. Yeah. She always looks like she's been crying or she's about to cry. She's got that sad look. And of course, the guy who's with her, Harry Smith or whatever his name is, he has the typical CBS, pseudo intellectual look that most of America can't relate to it all. He looks like a college professor or something. America doesn't want to see that they want to see a wacko like Willard Scott. Yeah, all of both of the TV stuff is just trash anyway. That's the way you love every minute of it. But anyway, you got a great show and you know, keep up the good work. Okay. So I had all my pals and poor St. Lucy. I can tell them there's a big sheet sale this weekend. See you later. 10 or 40 a Wiod we have an opening in Palm Beach, which has been pretty damn active already 655 Wiod. Don't you think we ought to be getting something tangible now? What do you mean? I mean, Mike Disney just came in and he smiled and poked and made little tap dance here. But should we be getting like a copy of something? Should we have like Sharon or somebody running up and down the hall so that we can have this breaking news? It'll break. It'll break just be patient. It'll be it'll be pushy or anything. But I just we like to have it as it's coming off the computer. Well, this will be a bunch of you, John and the USA today this morning. The title is the Vial thing and it says the Cincinnati Vial Rogers the Cincinnati Clarion Hotel announced yesterday it has removed Vial from its menu because of the conditions under which calves are raised according to people for the ethical treatment of animals. Many Vial calves are chained by the neck in 22 by 56 inch crates. Robert Hobie the manager says I'm sure if our new how the calf's been able to pull it. They wouldn't want you're not going to want it to continue without that. That's the end when you hear this. When you hear this, do you want to hear it? Sharon just brought in a bulletin from the computer. 12 plus numbers Wiod over all 4.8 to a 4.7 probably part of the area where we went down was on a weekend with the dolphins going on. All the way I don't know with that end. Tick show we got to be pretty strong. WNWS overall went from a 36 to a 3 2 so we beat him by a point and a half they're dropping like a rock. Paul Simon is singing like a rock. Middays on Wiod we went from a 4.6 to a 5.8. My nice nice nice good. WNWS midday. Sandy's dropping like a rock like a what do you call a meteorite? Okay that's how Emily she's dropping from a 3 9 to a 3 2. Oh and Sandy was doing 4s and 5s in midday because she was on a post virtually. And she was on a post. By the way you hear my story about the Dean in Philadelphia is doing so poorly that the GM and the sales manager were both fired at WCAU because they were the ones that brought them up there doing that bad. The Dean can understand it either. And now the news that you've all been waiting for ladies and gentlemen you do have always two cents of a point off by the way my prediction I was a little high a little high. I wish we had you know what we need that dramatic we never need to have the dramatic organ music but we do have this. Okay the Colonel ladies and gentlemen on WCTA we left there we left them a 5.5 and just one book the Colonel couldn't have to attoate but now that he lost our last month there here it is I don't I can't even bring myself to say it a 1 6 in the morning on Zeta from a 5 5 in one book and one trend to a 1 6 I think unprecedented in the angels of radio history ladies never seen anything like it. Incredible shocking and they turned the corner red Zeta. Yeah 1 6 God from a 5 4 and that was a group there was a special group and you told them that they had the diaries for the Colonel show that they couldn't find anybody. That 1 1 6 that could be well it's right in there with the all-time records we'd have to go back and check them out. I would do the Colonel what you know they'll wise was crying in the halls when we lost the Colonel Zeta and he said to me I don't think we can ever bounce back on GTR. They got a really be dancing a Kazansky next door here because they went from a 2 a they got screwed in that one month yeah which happens when it went but they're back up to a 3 9 they're knocking everybody dead over on GTR and the Colonel from a 1 6 God that's remember how many of a Joey you see you should have stuck it out Joey at she they should do it on now Joey be in the ballpark okay because Joey's doing 1 5 1 6 and I think Joey could be the Colonel okay I really I mean pretty close but I think Joey could do it. Do you remember when we went to Zeta we started with a while to say about you by the way. No it's just a joke we started with a 1 with a 1 7 which we thought was as low as it possibly. Yeah once we in any year we got it up to a 5 5 we're a number 1 incredible demographics and now they have a 1.6 here we started out here with a 3 and in one book well minus 2 weeks we were not here the first 2 weeks of this rag okay it still has 2 weeks of the Dean carried over on it so from by 3 to a 5 8 which is just about doubling the audience but don't worry you lost Paul Harvey and there's Paul we did lose Paul Harvey which made it a man now we probably would have done an eater in 9 if we'd have Paul Harvey but we'll settle for that for the time being that's incredible boy that's gonna make some people Apple what W's news boy what a day this is huh goes to show you how volatile this situation is yesterday I was ready to blow my brains out after that horrible show and today we're gonna do it hey look at this here's a guy pan from the call from Vegas hello hey I didn't see you were sitting there I'm so sorry I was happy to listen to you well we had some good news there didn't we you're so popular out here I was playing a Vegas you ought to be they got enough of my name he's just palaces and this lady I hear a call someone an old fart sorry I'm sorry is where you found me she's dear feel yeah yeah you can relate to it I said you're gonna have a guy named Neil Rogers assure I listen to him all the time and so you're popular out here as well well that's great the town's beginning to hop is a big fight tomorrow yeah I'm gonna get rid of you take the 10 million dollar dive I thought I'd come out here and send a few bucks you make it any money I yeah I did pretty good yesterday I meant a nice girl you know what these you to tell the hookers in the hotels here they're the only girls that are friendly to you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well I kind of ties right in with what I was saying yeah yeah that's exactly right well be damn so he did a great restaurant so yeah yeah yeah uh dinner the office was takeout so he's there so I was great hey by the way if you ever eaten at that great uh french restaurant in the tropical can of the name of which I can never remember god is that a great place oh I don't remember uh it'll come back to me any second hour any hour oh boy they got a super amtonia do you out of the tropical can to make some reservations and go up there if you want to spend if you get lucky and make some bucks it is tremendous and it's an Italian restaurant no it's a french restaurant the best well they're uh they keep building and building here the hotels I've been out well listen we got Brian Cumble here I mean they got all the tourists out there in Vegas but we got Brian Cumble at Willard Scott we don't need anything else here we turn the corner like Zeta yeah we turn the corner yeah they're really doing it man I'm proud of them I think we're probably doing an entire show one day next week in salute and honor to Zeta one thing to be good it's another thing to be consistent well listen have a great time out there and not come dead all right thank you you're gonna not come dead that's fine fine yeah that's what I mean all right well bring us back a bushel among you okay okay okay bring it over to uh over to Carroll City I think they're gonna need it up there that's correct that's the that's the that's that resort town to the north of you that's correct that's the everyday is the party up there at the 90's Zeta have a good one now right he's fine and say goodbye already a 1047 and WOD I can't believe these numbers I'm just to Apple plug this x one six oh make a great promo wouldn't one you'll never hear it discussed on that show let me tell you that they'll never mention this even impassing trust me you will not be mentioned on that radio station but we'll mention it one six one do you think I'm rev all wait a minute wait a minute you can understand that's the morning show I know now you must understand that they have gone from a two four to a two zero in the hall book including when the morning was still doing it to wait yeah that's the morning is doing a one six that means overall I bet you she beats them in the right okay need to now when she beats you that's like a heartbeat away from being off the air okay good lord we turn the corner he just didn't have the right 25 to 54 yet the big audience but they want the people we want the bad bad bad bad bad and now they have done it it's incredible out the corner is listing I'm sure I don't even know the gong sure he's a wonderful guy don't buy a house that's my I've heard the show don't buy a house it's uh God that you know I like the fact we did the five eight that's a great number we thank the audience again you're incredible and we're well on our way to god only know six isn't seven who knows what else especially if they leave us to hell alone but uh I don't know somehow that that number at the bottom of this page they're unzated that that even it's not out of vengeance or hostility or bitterness well now that I think of it it probably is okay but God anybody in the world deserves it and there's some very nice people over there at least two or three okay but God if anybody deserves it what goes around comes around Tim Williams that's all I can say to you all of you's not a bad guy if you take them out of the if he were like like I said if you were shall it selling shoes of Jordan Marsh you think God this is a nice guy okay in the business a disaster but out of the business a super guy but it's Tim Williams and that whole group of fakers over there the other ones who really deserve everything they can get okay so again I guess they can thank our mutual buddy down there we don't want to mention his name on the air but if I go for yourself accordingly but uh for the fact that the created that hostels situation and we got out of there oh jay more look at this ladies and gentlemen before we go into our break I want to tell you something boy you talk about consistency no listen to this you're gonna you're gonna freak out this could be a record in the analsebroke has to raise a zeta zeta 94.9 let's get that right in the morning a one six in the midday a one seven in the PM BM and the PM a one seven now that's that's like a straight line that's kind of like the sandy paten show okay now let's see wild three to seven PM three nine to three seven so Steve was almost flat about the same and the big story there was wnws Alice from a three seven to a three oh so Steve beat him by almost a full point 12 plus you can imagine the demographics are gonna be incredible six to 10 a.m. or nearly six two to a five eight so he was all a little drop there which he's actually after that gigantic blue book last time look great but still tremendous number and the Sharon is just oh thank you so much just pouring in here let me do my break and we can all of its stuff now all our radio people are really gathering around the radio get your fireplace heated up ladies and gentlemen get a little wood burning in there we'll just sit around the old the old horn here and kind of a peruset together after we tell you that you put anyway it's 10.54 a wio day now let me just can I just take a few moments because the lines are sizzling there as somebody I know would say right stand to line your hot anyway I'm what I'm carefully now she's morning numbers you have those oh wait a minute well let's see this is a 12 plus okay here it is we got the whole thing right here wow 12 plus wio d with a 47 we were tied for third with qba so they don't that we throughout the Spanish language life had a seven four as always their number one because they played a dead people and this market you can't beat that hot oh here's the big story of the book ladies and gentlemen that's what they're doing at power this morning you're going to be hearing a lot of that's rough today there's another one hot 105 Keith Izzley strikes terror again and isn't it interesting that Keith Izzley was let go or quit from I 95 which is now see the four and that amazing where they can spot the talent okay uh they had campaign when you hear this number you're going to you're going to just believe me 73 good from a four nine to a seven three four you him a 419 thousand 800 people shocking it is shocking really a iod with a four seven power with a four one dropping from a four four waxy three one with three nine they had a bit of shoddy better they really are I hate to say it they are who GTR to wait back up to a three nine good radio a mom B a three eight magic I told you they drop a little bit not much so three nine to a three eight but they're playing a lot of those corny novelty records again man I don't want to hear novelty records kiss a three seven CM Q gloves 94 34 to a three six joy three five why 100 36 to a three five I hope they took a dark dive in the morning w snooze three six to a three two w snooze has dropped how much you listen to this okay if you want to see a pattern this goes back to summer of 88 okay junge la August w and w s five four next trend to four eight four seven four oh three six three two god is that is that what you call a trend w i n z ladies and gentlemen from a three three to a three one TMI a three nobody listens to TMI just the suits pretend they do let's see w x d j two four to a two oh I guess some of that fluke from the last the month is going to disappear over a period of time a she overall from a two oh you notice what station we haven't gotten to yet I know she a one seven w e a t f m which is not even in a market which is in Palm Beach a one six tied with zeta 94 point on a one six from a oh listen to this from a two five to a two oh to a one eight to a one six all right they turn the corner yeah from we left they had their highest book ever a two five and what and as as it follows the next three trends two oh one eight one six oh is that a trend on believe it is that you think it like a pattern shooting up f t l a one two man there's a hot there's a hot station there's a spot on the turn pike if you're seeing right next to their top or if you can't pick up anything else and that's where they survey people so they get a couple of dials when they have traffic types they pick people in their car hey here's a diary okay fill it out if we all need somebody a radio swivey a one one w you end the m a point nine um oh now we got this is just a jumble as in jumble i a life of course beat us in midday with an eight seven but we were number two in the entire market with the five eight and midday yes so if you take out life which everybody does that would be everybody we're number one a hot with a five four we even beat hot which is incredible of course well magic with a five this is midday 10 to three joy waxy four five qba um g t r with a four and midday up from a three so they're the fact that four is the biggest number they had since summer gloves three nine to a three seven and midday w snooze sandy who's gone from a four two to a three nine to a three two since week come on oh sandy come on honey you can do better than that come on sandy give it a shot would you we don't want you to leave us ever i mean ever powered uh three one to a two nine and midday I don't think there's anything else here in midday there's nothing going on in midday besides the shows they to midday one six to one five that gonser i got to tell you he could be on a hundred years he's good for a one five okay what says one six to one seven there well it's a mistake oh well this is twelve plus he was down it was a mistake they went down midday from a one six to one five okay yeah okay so we're sorry about that the Colonel did beat gonser it was damn close man it was right down to the last damn dire but it was nippin tuck all the way and then gonser being such a nice guy say give it to the Colonel he needs it okay and they're gonna give it to the Colonel I think all afternoon drive the number one station the market ladies and gentlemen a salute to Keith Isley that shows you if you need enough of those Martian fish eggs in the he sooner or later in eight afternoon drive on hot 105 here's a man who came into a station that was just like marginally hanging on and has turned it into a monster just like he did an eye eye ninety five until of course a Stanley Co. there I don't understand why you don't come in for our meetings you're here in the middle of the night like a zombie he doesn't understand the Keith is a distant relative of Bella Lagosie and boy they they have blown out some of the most incredible talent over there I don't want to mention any names I just stay and he finds Lee and some others just fantastic god Tim Williams got bless you man you've done everybody the biggest favor in their lives okay anybody who leaves over there we we have like a gigantic celebration in fact always coming today from Tastory to cater our gigantic exiting Zeta and wins party that's what I saw about NW snooze also we have some escapees here I see Nick sitting in there looking confused and perplexed okay Sharon is racing in is eranting just before the news that we should mention oh look at that 10 to three midday this is many teen plus number one Wild with an eight eight all right even beating lifeless how do you like that and your air genus okay here's somebody with the news and we'll come back the O.D. 1106 at W.I.O.D. and let's see what we have now as we continue these are the arbitron trends the arbitrends is there you know and what we do these shows they're strictly for people in the business the rest of you are superfluous despite now we don't mean that we've trained the audience they're in with the stuff they now start they talked ratings lingo yes well as the book out is the book out now this is the only market in America where people ask such questions anyway she men plus midday at a two five down from a three three Zeta had a two seven we were number one in men 18 plus in midday with an eight eight in persons 18 to 34 which is men and women 18 to 34 we were number six is from a four to a five two when we get many 18 to 34 it ought to be a pretty gigantic number they the women on talk man almost impossible to get and we tried everything but standing on our heads and they're busy obviously hot hot had a 12 five in 18 to 34 midday G.T.R.R. 106 joy waxy power and then we had a five two Zeta has gone in one book we were number one in the morning 18 to 34 have gone from number one to number 12 with a two eight I thought they turned the corner see I tried telling them it's like it's like when you're in a car with somebody in there you know they think they know where they're going to say wait a minute you're turning the corner but this is the corner on a dead end yeah they say no I know where I'm going I listen don't interfere with me I don't bother me and they turn and it's like you know it was like Ted Kennedy was driving or something yeah great example yeah I think it's in they have married your company disease is what the problem is okay they've turned the corner but they're on their way down sinking fast in blackmail of mong okay shock you okay now let's see what I'll share and excuse me those of you on the phone I'll get to you don't don't panic I see a couple of people dropping off which makes me very nervous and insecure three to seven this is many teen plus number one life six eight number two Steve Kane a six two great okay followed by GTR with the five nine geez oh this I'm Tony this outfit here they got to be having a gigantic party now Joe when he comes from taster he doesn't realize he did but he's catering our ratings party here our celebration at wiods slash wgt filthy art hot had a five two and afternoon driving 18 plus men magic a four eight down a little bit see magic I'm Tony you guys had it made you were just not get everybody dead but you start playing those stupid novelty records again just we go but if you just would go back and if you do what you were doing well you just went well you start bouncing back up and start bouncing back up again far be it for me to tell them okay let's see three to seven men plus you think that zeta's at wins from a three one to a two eight are you listening stand from a three one down to a two eight hmm w snooze from a three four down to a two nine and many teen plus and the afternoon boy Alice is just taking a swan dive while 100 from a three to two four and afternoon many teen plus she two nine to two four if we found the zeta did I yeah the number yet oh yeah two eight down two nine to a and that's the name of that tune okay what do we got 18 plus well now we're getting into individual demographics like a night at night time we don't want to work in that what are we trying little hand signals there yeah that's all about maybe you can okay Johnny why don't you do your thing there do something useful before the food got to relax your size Johnny can't hurt okay seven midnight many teen plus does this mean anything life hot now not much EDR gloves wins five three down to a four four waxy etc I would be a five one to a four four two midnight many teen plus but then there's not a lot going on that's not an excuse but there's not much going on other than the Tom Snyder and Rush Limbaugh it's we didn't have too much sports anyway it's 1109 at wio d would take a couple of calls here we have one and Broward line open there five two four nine four six three the Palm Beach lines are wide open again now which is shocking there goes bokeh Palm Beach is six five five wio d six miles look at that there is a quite a lot of our on look at like he knows what planet he's on uh he is just ecstatic I can't understand why well it took that fluke month out of there and now both stations are just kicking ass and what can I tell you is he's eight as morning numbers yeah yeah really put that corner baby and we have the atot truck is on its way to put pull them out right now my amy hello hi congratulations thank you this is the end while we're kicking some serious button I mean it's great and I want to congratulate you on the TV program last night it we laughed it was so good and we're shocking it was so good it really was because when you said you was going to be on we thought well they're going to do a number on yeah I like to usually do but we got you know the thing about channel seven they know they're close right next door and that if they didn't number we could go over there and let them have it you know right but it was really good and that's funny he is something else isn't he well that when you look at him doesn't make you think immediately of hallendale yeah yeah that's what I think of and uh we saw the bird you did just barely he's snaked in there yeah plan you was on we saw you yeah they saw it almost on this really yes it was good it's briefly you know they have that very fragile lens in that camera no it was good and you know the rating they're wonderful congratulations and we really enjoyed it well we're kicking some button spite of it all you know what I mean right you know by the way did you get a chance to see that tape that tape was not the one we were looking for I appreciated it because there was part of that that I hadn't seen that was the Metro Commission meeting we were looking for the hallendale meeting no I told you it was Metro oh I see but no I I glad to have it because the beginning was part that I hadn't seen where the individual would not sit down and kept the rambling on but I appreciate it right and you did you had you like the one of the community college well yeah that brought back some great memories yeah good old decay upon thanks to me you know okay have a nice day you too 12 minutes after uh let's see midday 25 to 54 persons 10 to 3 of Wiod 45 to with 6 9 number 2 in the market 6 9 that's persons men and women when men comes it ought to be real interesting WIO WNWS 1 8 to a 1 5 oh boy whoa wow that's sandy the lowest number in six months they went to number 21 in the market persons 25 to 54 midday so not only are they dropping like a rock but they're aging so rapidly that the supply of fiber one over there is in desperate state it may have a run on a fiber one if you pardon that extra I'm incredible 12 minutes after 11 at Wiod if you want to be 11 15 we're still waiting for morning numbers for a residence to 10 a.m. we know we're in area had a 5 8 so micah still write up their adornier the top that's another tremendous and he's been doing it for so long that's the amazing part of it bookie and in book out what he got nobody can figure out yes okay let's see impotence anonymous well it should have gone to end WS and the newsroom I think the newsroom heard about Henry on his hands and he's on the floor okay look at that topic pinel prosthesis can we say that on the air wow Gabriel brought that in and she was grinning from ear to ear when she brought it down too okay well we'll be passing a little more about that later on in the show and of course some of the stations in town who are listening right now who are obviously ratings impotent maybe interested in attending that seminar okay hmm perhaps in a little implant at this point okay let's just take a call from Kendall hello yeah are you doing hey we're doing it yeah but that's in a kazaki for the past two days a put 200 big ones on the take on the six ratios today did you really feel like a pain yes sir I'll be damn 1480 for 200 I'll take it anything did you really put 200 on that horse 200 right on the why because I said so oh my god it was my second day I go to see the heavy gun and I had cut it yeah here's a guy second time he ever went in his life in one 1500 bucks what's the hell you know exactly well listen just remember us in your will sir did you did you uh take the pics today give the pics your pics uh and mine didn't but my pick in a six race be else striker with jury Bailey okay then I'm not 200 okay go a little easing hey please I don't want to get rid of this responsibility okay okay hang on to it okay um I learned to say it did stayed up turn the corner and fall into the gutter that's correct it was a good order man sure something just like a bowling ball hanging right on the edge you know they had earned a corner those agreed to you it's an on channel seven I saw the birds from like half a second yeah well we like to we like to keep in kind of secret if you know we're giving them out in little doses yeah we uh I heard that last week it's a bird and then they took a right off you know like you didn't blink yeah yeah when sunny oh god sunny you see they had to go in a profile because if they showed his lenses the camera would have melted yeah that's true they only showed him from the side from distance the sun the solar the country is bifilkers and most of the camera down you know okay you have a good one pal thanks a lot for the for the pics man okay I didn't take you up for dinner one I I'm whether okay thanks whatever they think the wio they look at that we make any people rich let's see uh this is what weekends many teen plus uh wio d55 one that's a big drop it again the dolphins disappeared so that's yeah always happens seven two to a 55 but still number three be a life and a hot hot went from a four eight to a six two on a weekend many this is many team plus yeah uh gtr oh three six up to a five three I wonder what happened in the men on zeta on the weekend because they used to be their big story the weekend I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking wind's went from a three one dot to a two four in a weekend in men and ws two four to a two four was flat she from a two eight to a two four in zeta little increase there in a weekend here's the story I knew we'd find a story of one nine with two three in many teen plus on a weekend so I do have a little story there ladies and gentlemen we talk even at Gralin Poe would be shocked for sure and boy she's getting a work I we got a lot of food coming in so don't forget okay here's Monday through Friday three to seven p.m. persons 35 to 64 number one life seven point five that's for all the dead persons out there magic a six three CMQ no speaker to English QBA no speaker to English so of the English speaking what uh stations Steve is third with a four nine um person 35 to 64 and he afternoon now where is it snows because that should be there well we don't have a listing for 65 plus friends no we don't we don't get wins three out of a two six I still don't see ws news in the afternoon oh here they are oh jays now wnws Monday through Friday three to seven persons 35 to 64 going you want to hear a trend you want to hear a pattern july jungely August of 88 six point two this is ws news then a four six four six three three two nine and this time a one nine oh 19th from fourth to 19th and just a few short months wow and they have to know Steve again is um fifth overall third of the English speaking and Alice is 19th or 17th of the English speaking stations boy that's incredible she appoints seven all right hey that's an axiom man he's really got his act together over there it she doesn't he he's one of the great broadcasts in America no question uh oh and listen to this nip and talk and he afternoon 35 well 35 to 64 the FM's are not so I we can't rip him for that can't wait we can't well a little bit okay so that's what we have so far I feel like we're doing like election night see the elections used to be fun in the old days now they got the computers and Dan rather comes on in five minutes and says hey bush one here and here and do caucus is a jerk and it's all over and good night and good luck and then they analyze it for six hours you know and that's no fun I like the old days when he used to you know like have the each state they have thing up there and you see the numbers of votes changing and hotly and brinkly would look at each other with that stupid look like what the hell does it all mean and it was fun it would go on to the wee hours of the morning but uh so I kind of feel like we've returned to those days of yesterday with a lone ranger at WXYZ Detroit so for those of you who tuned in late Zayte got a one six in the morning with the kernel from our five five that he's now taken it to a one six super apple versus that was between super apple and regular apple. So I tell you what now the reason I played that is that when and even made the conversion when they don't even have it over there to kick around anymore that should say they are really desperate God in fact they could use it at this point they can use anybody who's breathing and even even if they're not breathing at this point they could use all the help they can get God that makes me just see I don't usually for example W snooze when I was at Wins you know it was nice to beat them. Well especially at night during the radio wars when like us was trying to be Mr. Hot Shot and I've used me to crap out of them like 7 to a 3-1 2 times in a row or 7-1 to a 3 but during the rest of the time I was there I would never even paid any attention them because they weren't really a factor when I would have been ever time period I was on it weren't a factor but now you know the Zayte thing it just because we were forced to leave there in such an unpleasant situation after we had done such a great job for them and now and you know they give everybody the usual rationalization oh yeah well it don't worry I mean Neil was okay but we turned the corner we're gonna be and not only that but they're not even doing what they said they said one of the reasons they wanted us you know they were pleased we were leaving or they didn't put it that way but that would be okay better was because now they could be classic rock 24 hours. What they're not playing anymore music now than they were when we were there in fact sometimes they're playing less from what I've heard when I was listening remember some days we get real music intensive once in a while and of course they just keep playing the birds over and over again which got kind of limited to peer they're like four burnouts stoned out in the 60s one year the birds and that's about it oh god well I'm just you for it at the eclectic 23 past 11 at Wiod you'll be you it's 1125 here on party day 1989 at Wiod Steve will be a longitude Steve have a guest today oh yes he does moral Hoffman oh god now do you notice the first segment on that show last night that we were on inside story was about another one of these guys now that was a really bizarre story because they weren't really quite sure uh huh this is a guy who everybody thought was a woman but was really a guy or something like that I do think on these shows pretty sure so they're gonna start showing evidence but tie in right in with that moral Hoffman known as the female billbeard oh I see it's not it's not what I thought it was moral runs the largest abortion clinic in the country and is speaking out of what an anti abortion ruling would mean for ordinary women she's also a major organizer of counter demonstrations against operation rescue and also there will be a pro-life guest TBA oh yeah to be announced he's a little obsessed with that time the portion he has he was well he used to work for WOL didn't since most of what's going on over there now is an abortion I can understand we hear hey how you doing Dennis have a great day uh open line in pump it 655 Wiod 655 9463 let's get some of those morning drive numbers in here okay and how about those 25 to 54 numbers and how about men 25 to 54 why can't we to see that that ought to be real interesting and may 18 to 34 but is it true now this trend with uh that say to has in the morning is it lower than the number gene cashman got when she was you just you just you just you just you just you just you just you just better wait I'll say that okay that's not wait gene cashman in the breakfast called had a 17 and Scott and Colonel got lower than that 16 well that's a statistical flu it's an anomaly it is and angley isn't that what you put in your car you're a motor oil Hollywood hello hey you had a great piece last night Neil it's your one well I had a great piece I could afford me the only thing I only downside if it was when the bird was on TV for a couple of seconds he turned his head to the side as if he was ashamed to be seen well can you blame him I don't know I'm another one of your unemployed radio personalities but you probably don't know me from Rose Folder's house cap I was the last morning guy on she really yeah I'll be doing about a month ago yeah my name is Phil back oh yeah so but uh my my uh history and radio and I know your brother Jeff yeah right yeah he he let that's me borrow as guitar occasionally my history and radio includes working for a leaf hour when he was a rock jock and a pd up in Virginia hey listen if you ever starving for lunchly I mean Phil got to come down there and hang out at the same time we got Johnny Darkier man he's getting pretty impatient from food I got another interesting little thing to tell you they knew morning guy for she who came from California the first thing he did when he got the town was the bought a house oh oh no I'm serious I know my sympathies exactly for him could you grab you tell him something you know you think that these guys in a business would learn wouldn't you they never learn their lesson you think I also worked for magic when I first came to town they interviewed Keith I's lead to be at a pd there yeah never but uh Christmas hours were too free keep for them too yeah yeah but hey the guy's success is no arguing we've done and he's done and forever I'm gonna have a special salute to Keith I's lead today you're right agree okay well I'm just saying okay good luck see you by another former radio one no this is 18 plus we have 12 plus this is adults okay boy you're just loaded with stuff this is oh here we go this is ancient people will not ancient 35 to 64 this that in between groups 7 a midnight okay 7 a midnight number one WCM Q no speaking in glaze 85 wow life with a 5 7 QBA 5 6 so two are the top three stations and I know speaking in glaze and then we got oh that's QBA FM super Q and then QBA AM is fifth so three are the top five night time oh god love at night a 5 5 I can't believe that 35 to 64 keep in mind yeah he am I well see at night it's kind of like mellow you know it's like going to sleep time TMI 48 wins a 42 down from a 47 and before that a 5 so they're dropping like a rock talk to a joy wacky W snooop boy share wow 7 a midnight person 35 to 64 would ought to be part of there I mean 65 plus they got a lock but 35 to 64 ought to be beginning to be pretty good for them but at night time they drop from a listen to this going back 4 trends 6 1 5 5 5 4 in this time of 37 ah wow I'm going up the whole chip is trail take care of some of these douchebag okay Wild 7 a midnight not too exciting either 46 to a 34 now maybe if we put somebody live on there and I want to start pushing you know but we got these great numbers the rest of the day can you imagine if we had big numbers at night like if we had Craig on at night for example or Stan Major or any of our other unemployed friends I would say Johnny but he just somehow AM is just not his bag okay although we still haven't figured out what his bag is yes is that my con by the way it doesn't make any difference but it would be different do you want just the circle ones who do you want to hold the circle one just the circle one yeah for now I don't want to create tremendous amount of work for you and there important question that was good all of the exercise will be a good all let's say 7 a midnight well the FM's don't really count in that 35 to 64 so we're still kind of in limbo here we have all these wild bizarre demographics okay let's take another couple of calls to kill some time while waiting for the good stuff for a lot of day hello good morning Neil how are you morning bird hi you said good ratings and you had great TV exposure but you got something better than match you got a less-handed accolade from Alice yesterday no I slipped over there on scan and this old geeter was calling to complain about the language that you were using on your show he even listed words and how many times you said them really in other words he was counting them huh he doesn't like the show but he sits there counting the words boy that's that's a rich full life he couldn't turn it off well uh Alice said that eventually after the shock um fed war off you'd have to start working your show you know he said the fad may last either a couple of weeks a couple of years or decades but it will finally fade yeah just like what Alice been doing faded a lot but he never never stopped him from continuing well the funny part is if you were writing this gets for that and in that live you couldn't have done a better job because he compared your show to John home penis he said it first it's shocking but after you've seen it a hundred times and then he backed down he said about ten or twelve times yeah well I'm sure I'm sure Alice never seen John home penis a hundred times maybe eighty or ninety we can out hit bunny might have been right his his ratings are taking a swan dive is because he's possibly not too many too much on that pain and shocking sir shocking what what could I possibly say that anything to that that Alice wouldn't get up a plastic about well you're compared just don't want to ask mother calling and getting a have a wonderful day pal yeah keep on enough said yeah that was it was shocking wasn't it wasn't it it's eleven thirty two a w i'd never really thought about our show like in relationship with john home's penis now that he mentions that we have an open life in growered five two four w i would be five two four nine four six three what are these now these uh i got so many pages here it's maybe we could play my back pages by the birds for those for the days weren't they we used to play that yeah it's a great record yeah it's a great record and i had to go on buy it they don't have it remember that i had to go on buy it for a zeta that's right in fact uh when they decide to change format over there which i have a feeling this could be the end the this trend here today i had just i could be wrong but i have a feeling this is it uh please keep in mind rose and Dave and all the other people over there that the collection of CDs that i left behind that i have my name on them i mean a tremendous number of them i just for all the time say i'd like to have some of those back when you start playing on your own rapidly hey listen you ladies out there if you're going to start doing the am who is desperate and i wanted to find out the night time sports numbers let's take a look okay yeah seven midnight now boy we just got so many pages here it's a mess oh this is traditionally when they have done the best in the numbers sounds been at night with qa m and i thought it was originally seven and i 35 to 64 nobody wants that i think if i'm very if i can find the many teen plus at night that would probably be what that poison wants but i just here's many teen plus but i only got one page of it boy this is so i hope they're not going to have to put this back together again i only got the last page of it with ocean and our rockin big daddy i thought i had many teen plus at night i don't have oh here it is for 12 plus here's even better okay this is everybody hot is number one and i with a 10 seven power is 6 three life w snooze a 47 down from a five that's lowest number they've had their drop in like a rock six five down to a four seven and five and six trends winds a five one to a four six that's a drop of a half a point wax c c m qe d r q b a y one hundred low god q b a wachy t w i o d three two to two six at night 12 plus so that's where we had part of that well we only dropped the 10 of them point over all but that's where it was right plus on a weekend g t r two five up from a one nine at night i'm still looking for let's say kiss had a two so your f m b to i can't find the who am the clam or here it is a one one four down to well one tied for 24th oh boy out of 29 or 30 30 Q a m just didn't do it this time we'll see they were doing well on the summertime with the mats look at this they had a three six back in August September octobre's trend i remember and i had a three four then out of a three or one four now down to a one they do have the heat but i just can't imagine the heater that big of a drawn addition to which a lot of their games are on tv one woo hmm zeta by the way at night from a one to a one three so there's another big success well they gonna have something man he got a little tickle in there somewhere okay we have an open line in Broward five two four w i o d we got a mobile in Miami hello how are you doing? we're doing great today how are you this morning? I want to relate a story that happened to the over the weekend on the sunny weekend last week it's about the cable company I was sitting in my pool relax with my wife and this guy jumps over to friends and and i said you know i looked over there and i said can i help you and the gentleman said i'm from the cable company and i said oh you are don't you not and he said no we we're here to fix somebody else you know next door to my house when we have a problem with the cable our boxes in the middle and is he here for me to get through my house because of the dog next door so i call the cable company and uh i don't have cable i have a satellite dish and i have a new scrambler so i have a new regulations well thank you i've had him for a while but anyways i call the cable company and i say to them i say well this gentleman jumps over the face he's like a track you know i mean this guy's all right could have dropped any part of the way he looked and oh sure don't anything he says well now they could jump all of you know they they can i don't have to they don't have to ask any permission whatsoever and it's that i think that's weird yeah that is weird because if they're in the back yard they don't tell you some people might circumcline a little nerve imagine if you were a some amazing naked or whatever you know yeah if you think about that but anyway i think about it and the grossest me i just think about it well anyways i i i i do listen to your show and i think it's a very nice show and i've listened to you since w i m c m it is a nice family show i'm a salesman and i'm out on the road and i don't put on the fn while i'm working so well listen have a great day and say hi to the cable people for oh yes sure well okay thank you twenty till noon at wio d we have an opening in date kind of like amount of a souvius at six a seven five one wio d seven five one nine four six three we do have a couple of pages these are morning um 18 plus people this is adults men and women and a q b a number one with a six six eight q i wacky six six so that's two Spanish language which nobody counts and the i o d micro nary with a six not from a six five but still a number one of all the english language stations so that's all accounts okay because the stations that are always throwout are life and a Spanish stations okay life is what's what's the point of even talking about it it's not a radio station it's just music that's all it just flush music in a background and nobody pays any attention to if you're an advertised you'd have to be off your rocker to be on life because it's nobody there's no concentration nobody hears your message i think they could have a billion people listening and it would still be meaningless because it's subliminal i mean if you're into paying money for subliminal advertising there's a great place life because it's an elevators and doctors offices and the dentist etc a hot five three up from a three two boi key thighs lead a number over there that just incredible they have just to go through the roof mm-hmm let's see morning persons 18 plus winds are four four to a four five about flat they're morning generally stays about the same they just can't drop too much they're in a morning GTR from a three up to a four two that's terminum a queen a big jump but that's their biggest number on a whole sheet here yeah going back six trends great magic a four to a four one gloves rag three four to a three six mm-hmm a wax CFM look at this written spuds seen now that we're off that fam some of those other people ought to be sending us gifts and frankincense from earth they went from a three-o-to-a-three seven on wax the gap home in a morning how about why one hundred i don't see them oh there they are from a four one down to a three nine well sunny was there a part of that time yeah when did sunny leave December yeah it was it was where i attended the exam yeah right right right right Christmas time is when they parted company nice Christmas gift from a hundred to sunny fox as a reward for all the great things he's done there so they went from a four one to three now they're beginning to show the drop which I'm sure will continue over there and who else in the morning of note w snooze three one to a three one it were flat power two four to two five what um zeta here we go oh gee this is a page it oughta be real interesting to look at okay this is persons 18 plus and we goes back to jungely august last summer when we had a five nine on zeta uh that it was a five six and a five six then there was a month where we the next trend we were gone part of it was down to a four two then we were gone two thirds of the next one to two nine and now that we've gone just about the whole time at one six in person's 18 plus so in twelve plus they had a one six and an 18 button to consist of yeah they are they may not be good at zeta but they're so consistent it's frightening of course when you have that few diaries I guess it can't change my two on where the other now they have turned the corner is the gentleman we want to make an official announcement we have turned the corner it's like if you were traveling cross country on a greyhound bus we have turned the corner we're on our way to albuquerque no Mexico and I think some of the people in zeta might be on the way to albuquerque too so better pack your bags okay uh from a remote what did I say a five nine to well one six god that's oh now we got some interesting stuff here okay that's you sure and this is 25 to 54 this is men and women wait till we get the men 18 to 34 and 20 out of 54 I have a feeling we're going to do some serious butt kicking okay this is a 25 to 54 men and women magic this is overall six two number one wax CFM a five eight they had a big jump and they're playing good music love five eight went way up what are you writing sure she really did oh just for the book huh well to help with them then anyway that's all right oh no wait a minute we had many teen plus oh I see well that's good because we're number one and that's good enough for us let's see where was I gloves a five eight we've had nice increase again those people there in them oh that's overall I'm sorry yeah a GTR 3405 hmm kiss 49 I OD from a 47 to a 49 the biggest number on a whole sheet that they've had in all these probably ever in 25 to 54 is life flat with a four joy had a four eight down from a 5 9 EDR 49 with 37 W XDJ from a four to a three six is that fluke a month starts disappearing now boy they had that one month in there I don't know who had those diaries but it was bizarre radio mumbee a three two QBA 3 one y 100 stayed flat with a three this is Monday through Sunday six a.m. the midnight person's 25 to 54 which is that coveted demographic that most of us want QBA 2 4 power 2 4 down to a two two of course they're beginning to teens so to speak she had two three to a two Zeta two three down to a two oh isn't that a shame boy they're they're taking a drop in there huh huh up in the August September October trend they had a three six the all-time high and now they're down to a two they've lost almost half of it and three trends three months short wins from a one nine down to a one eight W's news one eight down to a one five and um I know this is boring a lot of you terribly but tough cookie's okay okay here we go six to 10 a.m. 25 to 54 magic six four waxy 57 wacky or that's radio mumbee a five six GTR 55 love 94 a five three that's up from a four six and that's without Donald I think at least part of that's well all of it without that boy Greg hot from a three two to a five just kiss a four nine I O D a four nine time for seven in another morning in person 25 to 54 joy with a four five while 104 eight down to a four three as they drop begins over there and will continue I predict for a time to come uh CMQ QBA no speaking English there EDR 47 down to a three five life three four to a three two WX DJ two eight to a two seven wins two seven to a two six QBA TMI etc etc etc Zeta oh Jay listen this should I read all six to the um please from last summer June July and August which is the summer book when we were there seven six number one uh G that is seven one and a seven one when we were there number one all three times and we're all three months in a row we were number one 25 to 54 then we left one month of that five oh down to third then three five to thirteen then now without us all three months down to 19th in the market a two oh two seven six to a two oh in two of two and a half months from first to 19th dropping like a meteorite dropping like a gigantic boulder off Mount Rushmore okay I've never seen it this quick from a seven six to a two from first to 19th not everybody can do that I think the kernel I think we ought to have something special for the kernel today don't you like that's it wow who two a two from a seven oh and the amazing part of it is when Gary Lawrence put us on Zeta he said that we want 25 to 54 that's our target audience and there we were number one in that demographic month after month trend after trend and in just three short months the kernel is taken a number one ranking and turned it to 19th on unbelievable power one eight she or one eight well they beat she anyway our in and WRM yeah one four MBM W snooze one seven down to a one two man there's some of these jury metrics stations that are dropping like a rock that's our new slogan okay everybody in a market's going to be saying dropping like a rock watch people say that at least once today you mark my words EAT and KT right there holding up the rear KT is last journalist midday 25 to 54 that oh that magic man we got a nail air butt they got a seven seven or number one Wild that's us midday a six nine we're number two hmm look at this before we came here was a two one then we were here just a little bit of that next trend of three one and then a four five and now a six nine and still keep in mind two weeks of this with Alan Burke okay so we got to be over a seven we're that's that's our thing we're about a seven one seven two somewhere there 25 to 54 this is man and women just in men we got to be doing over a 10 but that's not going to show up in his trend it's not when we're too cheap to get those numbers back waxy a six six love a six so love had a really good book joy a five nine kiss a five four GTR from a three six back up to a four seven is that duty T yeah nice going tuning life a five one to a four five all you do a lot of dirty stuff over there and JTR but a CMQ hot from a two four to a four one midday 25 to 54 X DJ dropping like they should four seven down to a three seven are gonna lose that the ridiculous like the listenership and that fluke that was in a while 100 two four to a two six and Zeta midday one nine to a one eight and 25 to 54 well see when you get down to those really low numbers is not much nowhere to go you can't drop too much okay that's what Joey found for wow she a one a two three to a one eight so they tie with Gonser in midday I'd have no idea who she has on a midday WNWS not so fortunate though they tied with the CMQ AM which nobody can even hear and Spanish with a one five twenty first in twenty five to fifty four but even worse the twenty fourth WINZ in midday remember those days when we had a seven on wins just two summers ago and wins is now got a one one twide for twenty fourth with WMBM who God God nice going Mark at a boy at Mark Q and man he was also if you look closely last night on that segment on channel seven when they showed the thing from WINZ there was Mark Q and with a red shirt standing in the background and I had matching red shirts on okay only the brains have been changed to protect the it's eleven fifty ten till noon at WIOD and will be right back in Japan available eleven fifty four at WIOD now we got three to seven twenty five to fifty four is magic with a seven one another although they've dropped a lot they utilized they had a nine two in August September October and after noon drive in twenty five to fifty four my God that is a wild number that run Saint John run Saint John a what a day one a all your music way anyway love was second with a six two like I said they had a good book Waxy FM one way of only FM seemed to like take a little increase there now that we're out of their way I would a six one what is this this afternoon drive twenty five to fifty four hot from a two nine up to a five four GTR from a three three up to a five four great CMQ kiss Steve with a four one and afternoon twenty five to fifty four compared to Alice's one eight so Steve just quick but more than double the twenty five to fifty four audience of Alice in of course if we only had that sixty five plus listening then we'd have something excited W's news audience okay we shouldn't call it WOL day we should call it KAT revisited we have an open line in date seven five one W idea can understand why because we're not taking any calls del Rey hello del Rey's gone I don't blame him I would too four lauderdale hello nobody there a pompado hey a voice yeah sounds like a radio voice to me and number two and all these is number one in what I don't know all these various different ratings life WLYF the elevator music's number one over in twenty five to fifty four magic magic one on two point seven you're moldy oldy station uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh and who is number one in the gay community number one in the gay community I think your show is sir uh-huh we have two open lines are both in Broward five two four WIO they all can I look you gotta understand some of the people over there at Keral City are a little upset now five two four nine four six three Miami hello hello hi I saw you last night on channel seven what's new amazing it was amazing and I am so proud of you you look so thin I know compared did you see the old shot from i and z i'm glad they put that in there that's like a before and after yeah I work next door to you so I passed you sometimes and you know and you see somebody often it's hard to tell of how they're losing it work at the big seven yeah well thank everybody over there for the nice peace on us last night I was always expect the worst you know you can use to what we've had so many hatchet jobs but it was really uh it was nice yeah he did a nice job damn good guy yeah and he's from upstate New York to top it off that's right that's why he's a good guy that's right that was my problem yeah see that's why knew i should have known it would be a great piece if he was something like mark fisher wherever he's from or john de grude it would have been a hatchet job but anybody from upstate New York isn't out to do sliced jobs yeah except me yeah well I'm glad I'm glad and I just wanted to tell you I'm pretty proud he my husband don't wait lunchers so I know it's pretty tough to stick with something long term yeah well I'm I'm hanging right in there I mean it's very slow now all of it but I'm under the 200 barrier and you know 35 pounds isn't shop liver I still got a way to go but it's slowly but surely I'll get there I get it easier when you see it coming off doesn't it it's not good motivation oh sure especially when they bring all the food in like they're gonna do today see that's one of the big problems I would probably be over 50 pounds off by now if it weren't for all the food that keeps pouring in here but you know I'm just not in a position to starve all arrest of these people a lot of haven't eaten in months what a host hey listen I found something on the wire it's like thought you'd be interested in delray beach band boom boxes yeah did you read that I heard they banned the boon in the box two is a matter of yeah they banned boon boxes anything that can be heard from 50 feet outside or a hundred feet inside is now illegal to be played in delray beach yeah that figures interesting and anybody whose pacemaker forces them to make a lot of noise while they breathe has to unplug it immediately listen have a great day and say again thanks to all our friends over their next door we'll do take care even Sally bye bye okay yeah even Sally we'll like this eventually we'll just have to work on her mate I don't know about Denise white maybe we can slowly but surely breathe her back we'll see she's kind of tough to get to she was brainwashed there for a while yeah okay let's see 12 plus midday we want to know about how Judy T did is opposed to Colonel on GTR well let's see they went up three out of a four row okay so they went up a full point in midday with Judy T Colonel just it's just not his month okay we haven't done happened Colonel just hanging there have a wonderful life and whatever you do don't buy a house in fact I would you know if you're in this business the smart thing to do is like sign a three month lease yeah when you rent a place in fact some of the places on a stand you can go like month by month like efficiency efficiency is good because then you can't accumulate a lot of furniture you don't have to hire movers and pack a lot so works out really well okay we have an open line in brown if you want to join us in the next hour and I have a feeling we'll probably take more calls than then we did this hour although we won't promise anything it's the big noon to one hour and there it goes at Broward line is flashing a lot of people saw the piece on seven I think them again because um and I wasn't a tinkling piece I mean there were a few little Barb's thrown in there and some cost of words to spice it up a little bit but uh I think you know and they had gave sunny Rosenberg all the time in the world to show America is behind and I think he did a great job of it too by the way sunny's behind hasn't looked better in a long time anyway we've got April worth of my belief standing by in the exciting Wiod newsroom April's got all the latest and we'll come back with our number three a 12.05. Steve with another one of his abortions from two to six this afternoon would you like to read headlines like Dan Rather grass world events like Walter Cronty explain the news to the public like Peter Jennings no then there's a trading center just for you the bird school of newscasters the bird school of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or TV in an unforgettable way people will be talking about your newscasts all day after you grasp just a few pronunciation techniques you'll be saying things like Harold says full-out plans ordered after newer vacuations of the piece agreement suggested it may rather do a valuation to the piece of paper oh the evacuation or a value way I'm sorry it's a bad way to the piece of agreement and and it will feature highlight from a thousand secret tape recording you'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as that the choppsucial security benefits and keep the public aware of top world events and the CIA would have to assess the country or assess the country and the bird school of newscasters will assess you and pronouncing for interns new new home new home new wave oh new a vote learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like 1920s movie star and kids graduate trove buddy Roger instances and other geographical areas such as Iran who waity Soviet young young north the Ed man Vienna Australia and city such as Washington D.G. San Francisco and peanuts Arizona called a bird school of newscasters now for right to bird school of news cancer post or office box one-o-three-three-five fourth-lotied offlorida zip-cold three-three-o-o-o you'll receive information on the school of newscasters as well as the school of speech writers school of poets and the bird school of court reporters the bird school of newscasters where we guarantee the lowest right to on unbelievable on the level of seven and Wild boy it's one of those things you've been waiting for every here again right oh yeah okay Bob yeah it's all coming back but we just been hiding a lot of this stuff in the background now we're gonna really cut loose now that we're celebrating here today it's 12-o-7 and the two people expired in brown when they heard the bird school of broadcasting so we have two open lines there five two four W-I-O-D five two four nine four six three during the newsbreak I heard from thunder ox and the sunny has got a little air in jettis but he'll be okay one to hear a little more about those morning numbers and how they're dropping like a rocket y-100 which we know they will continue to do yeah well a little bit don't forget he was only about three weeks gone out of this trend you got to remember that and sorry started but it's already beginning the flickering's are beginning you know how that works okay let's go to a dook and for my ears I do dook and dook dook dook dook dook okay hey that was great that was great congratulations to both you and the bird yeah and to say it's Bob and to think you got to just have him fun yeah yeah yeah we're not doing the real talk that's what Alice says they do a real talk over there you know like K to use to you know that was a pretty weird spy report from from Alice and after I got to think about that you could name your show to the blue steel phobor show the one the blue steel phobor show oh my god oh yeah never mind whatever you say let him rest in peace will you play okay boy that was a matter of fact that we do have a special show next Wednesday it's called members only in the black huffier case we have an open line in date county 75 one wio d 75 one nine four six three and here's West Palm Beach hello hello y'all is talking to Steve came you're the day about the old gray hound channel yeah and he says the people that when they get old there they throw them off the bridge now what kind of what kind of job is that can you answer that they throw what off the bridge the gray hound often the old gray hounds right off the bridge well that sounds beautiful don't know what kind of job is that you'd have to ask kind of a similar okay sir strange call we have an open line in Palm Beach all I will say this I heard a lot of that show and I don't for that which is good it's good having him like way in the background got it baby you got it boy I missed him oh it's 12 16 a wio d the only open line of courses in Palm Beach so any of you others who are really desperate to speak to us that's the one place you're always going to find immediately available 65 five nine four six three 65 five wio d bokeh hello morning guys how are you hey Neil hi bird hi listen I got my family to watch your program list like during channel seven you guys look great well it was what really the bird because we kept him hidden all the time really our program but oh yeah but it was it was really good to see you guys and your union studio looks really tremendous it is it really is it looks even better when the food is in it yeah very impressive I couldn't figure out who that who found rich was there sitting here right there but what we wanted to do kind of like a before and after that for new true system and it worked out real well you guys looked really good and it really sounded excellent you look good you look like you're lost quite a bit away well you keep saying that we look good we look good well that's great I there a lot of people I wish would say that but never the right ones you know right yeah life and your numbers are real exciting too yes they are they sure I'm concentrating you know we shouldn't accentuate the negative we should talk about how great our numbers were and the station overall and GTR but of course it's a lot more fun to talk about Zeta absolutely and WOLD I was about to say I had a radio accident the other day my finger drifted to the dial there and put on Zeta and it was ponders yeah what were they playing the birds now they were just talking you happen to be wasn't the doors you know I used to love the doors and I'm going to have a record burning over the weekend my house in a bad fact it happened to be that one morning where they really were knocking you guys and it was so boring and bad that well let's let's send a little challenge out to the morning crew over there get a little excitement for maybe we can generate two or three people listening in a morning which would double their cue but you know let's let's hear on Monday morning little analysis of these numbers you know the numbers didn't come out till 10 so they were already off the air but the Monday they'll have digested all of this probably a lot of Pepto Bismal and let's hear their analysis of this okay you know I like to know how they managed to do this in just three short months the Colonel said we were washed up a m talk show host yeah we're finished just sort of keep a transmitter ward here and now I look at his numbers I look at our numbers and it doesn't seem that way to me well tell you you made a very slight mistake before what's that you said that their numbers were dropping like a meteorite yeah actually their numbers are dropping like a large meteor much larger and heavier drop dropping like haily's comet the huge huge meteor is it haily's comet they can make up their mind know the pseudo intellectuals well listen have a great life and a good week hey you show tremendous we really enjoy it by I have a feeling it'll be thrilled with the numbers yeah probably will not look the last book they tried to make an excuse they said they predicted a one six and it turned out to be a one eight now it is a one six so what are they going to say now all well we know it we told you so right on time you come on rose you just can't seriously just from a I know that bill wise wouldn't appreciate this because he wants them to stay to one six forever which is fine with me I don't want their numbers to go up but I wish their music would be better because there's a listener when you're in that car and you're punching around like I said the other day and the music is as lame as it is in this market you'd like once in a while to find them playing something beside CCR or the doors okay well I didn't want to be number one or the bird they were worried well that's true well Timber said we would like to be number 19 and I think that's uh and you know it's not easy I don't know how you are number 19 I've never been able almost 30 years in the business I do not know how to be number 19 I've never been able to do this I can't figure it out so I got a hand to them there it takes a lot of work yeah anyway I like that many teen plusman eight eight that we did here in Medea just mentioned that again in passing uh huh because that's a pretty amazing number okay not compared to yeah compared to some of the other numbers okay I don't want to mention anything no I don't want to get specific here's a mobile in Palm Beach show are you doing it I don't buy okay very I need a hurry want to know when we can bring down that low cholesterol pizza for you from pizza light oh geez well have to be one day next week very we got pizza coming from Jupiter today and uh food from Uranus all over the universe today I don't know if it's so much first so we'll do it probably next week could be a little early then I guess huh that's right but I want to set it up with you because it's a low calorie and low cholesterol right okay couple of weeks we'll be ready okay buddy that's pretty good okay Barry thank you I who is that no friend of mine of course uh he is there anybody living who isn't an old friend of mine well tell you he is big claim to fame and this this will impress you Barry and he may still but when I knew him I used to be like related to Barry Mannell now you know when I was a film critic uh Barry used to be the film critic for you know that way off in the background better than it is like when you can hear it and muffled yeah Barry used to be the film critic just like when Pablo's on PLP over in Penelis Park yes for us for the Helen Dale died yeah all right one of our favorite and I'm why Barry good work okay we have an opening in both of you move like lightning there two seven eight nine four six three two seven eight Wiod my Emmy hello how are you great great I'd like to congratulate you in the bird you're third party there on the great show outside I are third party that was that really I wish you don't do anything on the show don't be congratulating him he just comes here in eats okay but I can understand of the impression you would get from watching as a great guy he's been a lot of great things for us but he's not part of the show all right let me put it gradually Johnny dark okay has had any glory in years yeah well I guess what you're talking to Jean or I'm right call you from the car you can do yeah yeah yeah well hey listen like I said what's in your last night was you know really exciting I guess because my kids come on so that sounds like Neil Rodger I said well Barry is holds your kid about 63 come on he's not one of the blue here and the old parts call that man up there in Hell and Delaware Hollywood I thought that was fun you're now yeah but anyway yeah you know you got what's talking about what they said I was either the other morning about you know the old A.M. you know talk show watch job yeah he says I'm about the dropping yeah he's like drop there you know they just dropped it like you were saying over to radio the wall you're like chicken dropping the older my back yard yeah they really dropped big kind guy yeah you can say that anyway looks like both of my puppies have been over there yeah well listen before we pursue that have a great look in and say hi to your family for us well if I'm gonna say hello to my family I got a big jet button over here I'm in a pay foe down here and sweet water and I think y'all have a very fine with a pay and I got a good boy yeah yeah okay have a great one yeah hey hey hey hey hey hey whoa wow 23 past noon at W.I.O.D we have an opening in date if you move fast now 751 W.I.O.D Sharon has been a real busy busy child here today with mail and with all kinds of numbers oh not this oh not no for a second there the color on that envelope was like this guy used to remember it wins I used to get that one guy who sent me all that junk mail constantly oh sure oh man every day and we throw it in a waste basket people are starving and this guy's wasting postage now for all you radio people no kid yourself they're all out there believe me sunny fox so I'm all called me during the news break and all the others are out there too we have got just tons of stuff tons and tons and piles I mean piles even to people at prep age would be normal well by this that's the kind of piles we've got here okay I mean we got weekends and we got mornings and we got you name it oh here's persons 18 plus in the morning I like this you be in a radio mom b which don't count tied for first s bun you also the number one English language morning show is my career with a six in the morning a W.I.O.D tied with life which also doesn't count see we just throughout the ones we don't like and they don't count that's the way I always do it hot with the five three and morning wins with a four five GTR from a three out of a four two congratulations to Hermann and Obsene magic with a four one why 100 here goes sunny from a four one down to a three nine and keep in mind that that was only in a very short period of time so they're going to be dropping like a tornado kiss waxy with the three seven gloves with the upper three four to with three six this is men the no men and women 18 plus adults six to 10 a.m. W. snooze three one power two five etc etc etc from a two nine to a one six say a adaboy eternal adaboy oh yeah anyway let me tell you about this three seven p.m. life with a six eight Steve with the six two so if you throw it life Steve is number one in many 18 plus any afternoon and I'd say we're just doing it here we are really doing it night time Monday through Friday seven a midnight many 18 plus life hot EDR gloves with a four five wins five three down to a four four waxy wacky that's a radio mumbee no speaker to English CMQ IOD five one to a four two at night seven a midnight and men TMI W snooze boy there haven't some problems old of what's your name dead now or me for being like Montvassuvia's Ellis and Jerry Wichner four three to a three nine it dropped in just about every kind of glory GTR two four to a three one wonder how you know who did it night oh there they are and Zeta from a one four to a one five well there's a little story for you there look out look out on a street's boy they got a story Miami hello hearing them were the first time you'll love this okay everybody who's brought a fortune was it one time themselves at BC so and that concludes all of you out there you're one safety so we thank you Mr. President and now in a well-being fair I don't have any idea when they're somebody as speaking to the President for one of the anti-abortion groups what are your people meant to say I need to bear us in the details yeah anyway I hope they're not with all this food and the building I hope they're not bringing into samples in the bottles again you Yeah It had motion left They don't really mean the pain Then I don't find it just a stain of mine anymore for five What? What? This is worth waiting for. Oh, I thought that's what you said. 10 past one at WIO. It's amazing to see Roger back in a building all week. He and Reniri have been freezing their tails off. Thought it to drown. How bad. And you've been eating good. They had no exciting week on the other hand. Mr. Nutrist is in Manair. I've been hearing that's all Mike talked about all week is about our Rogers been in the 87 meals out there every morning. And breakfast and brunch and another breakfast and a little lunch and all of that. He looks happy. Yeah. He looks so content like bossy to cow. Anyway, the past one at WIO, D Johnny Darks here. I got way in today too. Do you? Oh, yeah. You better run fast like around a building 20 years. Okay. Nice to see Roger briefly. Anyway, we have one hour to go here. Two. We're just kind of biting our time. Have a little lunch. We thank Joe again for a tremendous spread. I have a feeling that our friends in Jupiter probably heard that we had all this coming today. And if you're going to bring the pizza another day because it would be pointless to bring another day when we had all this other food. That's what they should do. And I am on my best behavior. Really. This is a vision with my fruit. I had a little chicken salad there with the honey mustard dressing. Was mouth watering sensational. And what should we do? Should all of this is Orlando? Yes. New. Hi. What are you doing? This is Eric. And I'm from Boca. Normally. But I'm running right now in the middle of Disney sort of steep world. Okay. Let's just straighten this out. Our video is as Eric was normally from Boca. But today is in the middle of Disney world with our general manager Mike Disney. I know what he's called. And I want you to make an appearance upon this community card. Oh, yeah. Eric, why this could be a real shorter land. Oh, call. Don't worry. I was up here and I just wanted you to. I wanted you to know around the area. And I felt you should put a pin in the map. Okay. And I'm also. I got to news that. I don't know if you knew this. But Jean Cashman is on She now. I tried somebody else told me that. Jean Cashman. Yeah. She. Yeah. Wow. And also the other day I was watching Morton Downey. And. Well, you're hanging out with all the big partners on. Yeah. Morton. And Allen Burke. And Allen Burke. And Morton Downey. I saw a little bit of Allen on Morton Downey. Those two are just inseparable. And you know, Eric, did you know that. Jean Cashman. Oh, here we go. Got higher ratings when she was on the breakfast club in the morning. On Zayda than the normal. This. Yeah. There's a one six. Can you believe it? Yeah. Throw down the Tampa. Yeah. Last night. We passed by Lakeland. Yeah. We couldn't stop. It was late and late. But I did see some of the highlights on I for like. For example. A sign for Lakeland and a sign for the municipal air. You know what I might try Johnny a little bit of that race might be good. You know what I'm saying? Well, the rest of that. Those are the highlights. I'm not paying any attention to what you guys talking about. Don't tell Johnny. I'm like ice. Like ice. On one. On improv tonight. One night. Improved. Johnny. That's not the same. Johnny. You know what I'm talking about. It runs the Johnny dark. Yeah, I know. There's only about 700 John. Yeah. It works. Okay. Johnny, rabbit, and John and dark. And mark in the dark and mark melody and mic melody and mic music and all those other fake names. Shake Michaels. Okay. Okay. Great hearing from you. Have a wonderful life. Dr. Bukowski. You're a douchebag. Okay. Cerec. That Eric. That Eric. Well, he has a piece of work. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655 W. I. O. D. Let's go. One day. By the way, is anybody seen Cheryl in the hallway? Where's my check Cheryl? Where is my check. It's Friday. If I ever get, if ever, a Friday comes. I get paid without having to ask for my check. I'm going to go home and write in my diary. I'll go through this every Friday. And if I get your one. We're having such a good time today. I think she felt that I would forget about. A Cheryl, I brought you that stupid cassette yesterday. I took at least 30 seconds of my valuable time at home. The W. The cassette of all that stuff that you wanted. And I brought it and handed to you personally yesterday morning. And I would have thought that she would have been in here with bells on with my pay. Would you? Yes. And here it is. It's already twenty after one. And I don't see there. She. Empty hand. Empty hand. It's good. Oh, when you get it for me, that would be very nice. Because otherwise I want my tape back. Oh, she's eating our strawberries, too. If Cheryl's mom's listening, she's eating strawberries. Okay, even hungry boga never saw so many strawberries. Anyway, it's one twenty a W. I.O.D. Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? All right. Congratulations on the numbers. Thank you. About Zeta, you know, that that term military morning show. It's sort of drop them like a paratrooper without a pair of shoes. Yeah. I suppose they got a pair of loose shoes on the show. I'll take your right. Oh, boy. Come on. Good day. Okay. Good call. Yeah. How do we have a nerd from Paul Harvey Jr. To that? Well, he's got a nervous about calling in. Good. Thanks. Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. Your numbers unbelievable. I know. Say, I called you last week. And I asked you how you handled that crap with Holland Dale and on and on. I don't know if you remember. Yeah. I thought you were talking about my dogs when you said how you handled that. I have another very gently. After the show yesterday, I listened to how you handled that crap. You handled the crap from these mung brains that call you all the time. Well, ordinarily, I pay no attention. Well, I must say yesterday was a little bit disconcerting. They were a little crazier than usual, but it's a full moon. Yeah. I have maybe a solution. When your day is going like that, if you did shot 15 minutes at Debbie Ellis and there when they started that stuff. Yeah. That was right. Great. And you're right. Good thing. When they convert, they can take that useless material they got and send it to Colonel douchebag. To hell. Well, let me put it this way. Couldn't hurt. It's hurt. What's going on over there? No, we're having a party. Hey, it sounds like it. It's me a lot. We also have one every Sunday. All right. Tell Bulger to come down. Okay. It wasn't that bad. Tom, it'll be all right. We have a good one right now. Okay. You too. I think we better get them off before anything dire happened. Here. We are the fantastic, touch your brothers. Glad of the client. And the faster. Are you ready boys? You absolutely. Yeah. Glad of all you ready? Yeah. Let's all do my glam, fellow. Hold on. Come on. Two, three, four. Third is back and you're gonna hear a tackle. You're moving low. The could be straight. The nose. But you can better want to be factual. You're moving low. For you to spread his back. He just flew out of his closet. He's the one who's moving low. For you to get on your car. He will leave you. He's the positive. And you're moving low. For you to spread your mind. Yeah. You might say that he's in my brain. But he and his dad are still in the front. And he's still in the front. And every time he renews, he gets himself a trouble. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Needless always record. Person has a bubble, oh. Listen, can see. The bird is back. And we're heard that it's official. We're moving low. But next week they're gonna send it to a sentence. We're going to send it to a secretary of red. Well, we love it. For this. All right. Let's hit it boys. I still haven't got it. Carol says, well, I've been ordered after you evacuate. This is of the piece of grievance. It's just a may. Rather than do a value wage, the piece of... Well, is it an evacuation or an any way? I'm sorry. It's the back of the evacuate. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. And it would be to highlight the May. Thousands of Stephen's secrets take the court. And they see IA with half of a set of half? Yeah, right. That's it. The Custard. There's a new girl, a new girl, a new girl, a new wave on, new wave on. May be 20 food stars, kids and dragons, girls, buddy Rogers. Jesus. Yeah, the party is back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the party is back. What the hell was that? It goes on forever now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You are in the fight. Well, 37, music to eat find the July of the day. That's it. No. No. No. There's it's ever in. That's been a long time. Yeah, that usually does it. Okay, 128 WIOD. And let's take a call if there's anybody still hanging through that. Miami, hello. It burns. Yeah. It's those who could show about you last night on our inside story. I think I called it glimpse of Neil in the background. Yeah. I tried to keep it that way. I tried to keep out of his way. Yeah, and that knows. I didn't know you were brought Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I don't hear on my head. Why do you think they call me Tweetie Ball? Oh, that's it. Yeah. Hey, you guys know Carlson, come with Pine, right? We want Carlson, come with Pine. I was. You remember him? Yeah. Well, I like to call him a douce bag. He's a good friend of mine. And he's on his way up to West Palm Beach for a weekend. Oh, is he? Well, listen, have a great time up there. Carlson. He loves to hear four of the women behind. Okay. Carlson likes. He doesn't like to share. He wants all of them. Yeah. And I know how it is. Yeah. I get stuck. Hey, we don't want to talk about that. He's up there to meet some of his rich friends on Connecticut. Yeah. Wow. But that's why it doesn't talk to us anymore. He's a, we're not, you know, you want to, you can, you can, you can. We're not important enough for him anymore. You can get pissed at me, but a lot of times he calls and he doesn't tell you to him. Yeah, no, really? Do you know, recognize him? Yeah, sometimes. No, well, he always sounds so depressed that I want to one mask, give him a friend of the audience. You know, probably go over the edge. Yeah. Well, listen, Carlson, if you're out there driving have a safe trip and have a great life. All right. I see you later. Bye. And then, the day we still haven't heard from Paul Harvey Jr. And we've had such ratings that come out and just tremendous and data's ratings were in the toilet and WOLD got so old that they just about two feet in the grave. And everything's been wonderful. Joe brought the tremendous piece from Tath Street, rotisserie. And Johnny Dark was here, doing all kinds of stuff on the cart that we couldn't do because we have no place to work. And they're actually cutting my paycheck down there. Do you understand the thing? What did this? See, they could pay me like everybody else every other week. But, of course, in my case, they don't want to have put out one check that momentous. I don't think they could afford to cover it. So this gives them like a whole two weeks. You know, follow what I'm saying, to pawn a bunch of stuff and sell it. So anyway, they evidently decided they're going to pay me every week, which is fine. I mean, if they wanted to pay me a little bit every day or however they want to do it, I'm easy to get along with as long as I get it. But it's like every Friday, it's a major project. Isn't it? God, it is. And they're down there right now cutting it. If we listen closely, no, I mean, the check I met. 130 a WIO did we got a mobile in Miami? Hello. I brought care. We could live a phone. They're bringing these DJs. We get ones. We turn that corner with their pressure. We're working low. We don't bring any new music. That bread, or he's getting a little impudent. Don't you think? On the breadline. Oh, but I don't even say that. I know what he says. That a day of line and on the breadline. I always think to myself, you had it, baby. And obviously with these numbers here, the kernel is really doing it. Isn't it? They're going to be so happy over there. I guess they're now the right on. They've learned the corner. They've learned the corner. They've learned the corner. They've got a number that they can relate to. And look, they didn't like it because we had a big audience. And more Tim Williams said to me, we'd be much happier if you were number three instead of number one. And I looked at him like he was out of his mind. And the one great thing about it now, they don't have to worry about any gigantic disproportionate on balance kind of thing because now right across man, you're like right there at a one six. God's there couldn't quite keep pace, but he's always, you know, a day late in the dollar short. Yeah. He's at a one five. But one six almost morning noon tonight. They're right right across the board. Well, congratulations. I like that said if you can't be successful, if you can't do good at least because this. Okay. And they did it. One six, like almost a straight line. We're just a little wobble in there once in a while. And one of the people with the diaries, you know, you can't just sit by the radio all day once and why do you make a mad rush. And I guess it was during those periods of time. Well, when God's is on, you get that feeling, you know, you start getting that surge in your stomach. Boy, is that? And you have to like run. Yeah. For cover. But anyway, they're really doing it. We can graduate them. And we knew they could do it. And of course, if they want to borrow some other music now, if Pete's listening, and I'm sure he probably is blessed. We have, you know, I loan them all those CDs. But if they want to change, I have some incredible Chinese melody. That I'm sure that they would love to borrow. And it would be different, you know? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Well, I'm so glad we're out of their hair, though. Yeah. Real-hand. I'm too. I don't like bothering people, you know? No. One thirty-two at WIO Day. I'd like to tell Johnny Dark about nutritious. No, no, no, no. Johnny. Oh, yeah. No, Steve is carried to hair on this. But, you know, there's some days when it just fits right in. We usually don't have any medications, but a special dedication to my dear friend Tim Williams, and all the upper-end middle-left management people over there at Carroll City, nice job well done. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get man. So I wrote a song about him instead. It goes like this. For you more than asshole, or did you work in your whole life? Either way it worked out fine, because you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A, FF, A, so Ellie. And don't keep trying to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole the rest of your life. You're an asshole tonight. And I was talking to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I thought you're an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're a whole life. Because somebody told me, you've got an asshole for life. Where you born and asshole, or did you work in your whole life? Either way it worked out fine, because you're an asshole. I don't do my job as well when I'm kind of stupid. You think you stepped on him a little bit? That's all right. Just a radio show. I know you have young children and all of that, but just a radio show. Don't get up tight. Just like Alice. Get so emotional. Oh, they're picking up me to try to run my life. And my mother is hysterical. Well, let's just because you're on a dying radio station with an audience. It's all over the age of 500. Now, you know how to hurt a guy. You didn't hear Alice's numbers. Well, maybe you were listening on a small speaker. You couldn't hear numbers that micriscoped. Anyway, now I got to dig through this whole thing. Well, while you look for those, I just want to tell those late-tune-er-inners that Zeta-Fource Morning Show with the Colonel got a 1.6, which is lower than the number they had with June pass Ron and Scott Lee here will start it over there. They had a 1.7. Now it's a 1.6 in the morning from our 5.5. Let me just do these as we go along here. For example, men 18 plus, just a minute relax. Many 18 plus 3 to 7.7. Boy, they got so many pages here. It's disgusting. In the grid. I can't even find a page anymore. Persons even 35 to 64. They'd been the big one. They had a 1.9 Alice. He was 19th in the market down from a 2.9. Yeah. They're holding it in the over 60s. Exactly. That's the one I'm trying to make. You. Persons 35 to 64. They're like invisible. They don't rate over 64. But now you should be there. Wow. That's right. Sandy probably brought Alice way down. Sandy had a 3.2. Sandy, when we came here, Sandy was doing what a 4. 4. I can't find anything that means anything. Here. Okay. This is also jumping down. Well, I want to find a good. Well, here's Persons 18 plus. Okay. 37. P.M. Steve got a 4. And Alice, not on the second page. We're down to the 3rd page. Uh-oh. We just went by Zeta. Oh, my. I'm waiting a minute. What's going to be on here somewhere? I mean, they showed up. Didn't they? Let's start it. Oh, oh. And Persons 18 plus. But that's his closest he comes to you anywhere. I mean, like when you get into the more reasonable living and breathing demographics, it's like they're not existent. And I will find the 25 to 54 if it takes me to 315. Okay. I will find it because it's just so interesting as somebody who used to work here used to say, it is so interesting. Here's 18 plus. Man, you gave me so much stuff here, Sharon. It's just phenomenal. Oh, by the way, here's a check for Camilla sauce while you're there. Thank you so much. Here we go 25 to 54 afternoons. Steve had. If we can find it here somewhere on the page, I know it's here. Trust me. Steve had a 49 in 25 to 54, which is outstanding. And in fact, that's a high number you've ever had, I think. In 25 to 54. Great number. And Alice, not on the next page. Oh, my god. Yes. You know what would more to find me more than anything in the world is if Zeta beat me in some time period somewhere. If Zeta beat out. Wins had a 1-8. Zeta had a 2 in all of that's a wrong category. I knew it just took it to be there. Boy, that really, well maybe he's not on any page here. Is that possible? No, no. If it's so the ball-except man, it's been brought in here at just sections and like all over the place. Okay, let's take a call or two while we're fishing around here. There are while we're searching through just thousands of pages, Julien's and tons and let me just mention again 25 to 54 in midday. Magic had a 7-7. We had a 6-9. We were number two. Yeah. And that includes two weeks of Alan pardon me for destroying Philadelphia Burke. And here my story yesterday about the GM and the sales manager both got canned because they were responsible for bringing him up there. And he's doing so poorly that they lost their job. That's a very strong rumor that we have from our Philadelphia source. Alan is still working, but I don't understand it. I don't know. He's a while more down he's keeping him alive. Pemberk Pines. Hello. Hey, new. Yeah, how you doing, Joe? Pretty good. How you doing? Great. Well, I congratulate you for your numbers. You guys deserve it. Thank you so much. I'm sorry you're a little show yesterday and I taped it and kept it. You saw my little thing yesterday? I saw you a little show. Oh, I see. Oh, wait a minute. Here we go. 3 to 7pm 25 to 54. Oh, I had the wrong number. Steve got a 4-1. And Al has got just a minute and now he's a little with a 2-1. I was right. They did beat him. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. A 1-8. Even wins beat him with a 1-9. He's got a 1-8. Oh, what do you find? Yeah. 1-8. Hmm. Oh, I'm telling you. Dropping like an atomic rock. Go ahead, John. Sorry. We're getting emotional. No problem. I can understand. Um, bird. I don't know what you're complaining about. They had a nice big 5-second thing on your face. Oh, I'm not complaining, sir. It was great. Do you think they ignored me enough? Oh, no. Well, you know, if you feel you've been ignored, just go to the third of Hollywood with Neil and me and my friends will come down there with a video camera. Ha ha. I'll do a little piece on you. Well, a piece on him. Hi, hear that. He's still there? Yeah. He's right here. He's eating. Oh, tell him I can get his Woody Allen poster for him. Oh, right. Well, we're going to be down there. Now, seriously, we're going to be there a week from, no way, to week from Sunday. It's a 12th, isn't it? At Toyota Hall. Yeah. Okay. Two weeks from Sunday, the 12th, though, we're going to be Stephen. I'll be back down there again. And the fact we actually might get the bird if somebody wants to get him some money for it. Doubtful. I'll pay him. But don't wait that long to bring me the poster. Well, see, they can't give me the poster until the movie comes out, which will be March 10. Well, that's great, because the 12th is when we're going to be there. Okay. That's cool. John's good. So you can bring us both something. Sure. If you follow that, it's stand up thing. If you follow my drift, Joe. Yeah, I do. So, Joe. Steve, do you want to stand in the poster? Oh, yes. Yes, yes. I'm here. I'm trolling for posters. I can get you down a moment. I can get you both of them. Super. We'll see at the 12th. Yeah. Neil, I like everything about the show last night, except for after the last little piece of material you did you know when you said have a great day and you, you know, like, that. Yeah, right. It's sort of like a weird gesture, like a weird face. Well, she's kind of a weird lady. What do you expect? Now I was good. I can't knock anything about it. It was a fair thing. You know, compared to the last thing channel, seven did on us with Denise White and Steve Dawson, where they just ripped this a new, but I mean, this was a beyond belief. It was great. Okay. You guys have a great weekend. Have a wonderful life, Joe. Bye. 147 at W.I.O.D. Charlie. Okay. It's 150. And I almost forgot this. An anonymous coworker inside the building would likely to dedicate that song that we played a couple of minutes ago. The I-95 song to Michael Lurris of the W.G.T.R. sales department of the. So we just mentioned that in passing. It's 10 till 2 at W.I.O.D. Steve with another one of his observes of abortion shows with more Hoffman, who is Dustin's full sister. Owners the female bill bear. Well, I've said it. The tender thing. It's just the. It's getting to the point. You don't know who's what it's. Or what's what? I guess this is the new thing for the night. Yeah. So we started by Michael Jackson and his sister with the plastic parts. Wouldn't that be great? I think they're going to come out with a Jackson doll where they have all interchangeable parts. Where it can be Michael or it can be what's your name? Boy, or like the robot. Yeah. Can be any of the Jacks. Okay. And it's got like mix and match parts. And if you want to really get cute, you can, well, you can just conjure up in your mind all the neat things that you can do. But you could make Latoya with those big plastic, you know. And then she could also have. Yeah. Oh. God. Okay. Let's go to forlaterdale. Hello. How you doing? I don't bird. Okay. I'll talk from this rating. Thank you so much. And why does the issue too? Let me ask you a question. What can we do about it? On these UM games? I mean, if I hear it's not on the air, it's on the ground. It's in the air one more time. I'm going to go crazy. You know, I mean, could we do something about that? That thing was from, I think that was from a Yankee game or something that part of that promo. No, it's not going to happen this season. I don't think. Can we get you on the air? Is there any way we can call it? I just did. Well, you can go ahead and call him. I don't think it's going to do any good. But, you know, give it a try. And that song you had on a while ago about my boyfriend's back. Who was in the background? Sound like in Bishop and Heath or something. Well, that's who it was. And was thinking about that Glenn Rinker story that, Craig. What a story. Now. Congratulations and Michael Cuff on the TV show last night. Okay. Thanks a lot. Now the saltwater cowboys. It's his all. This is the second day in a row. They sent me this facts. All the guys in the band was wondering. Yeah. Why you haven't played the song. We sent that was delivered personally last week. I don't remember it. But there's stuff that comes in every day. And the problem is the reason it hasn't been played it is because I haven't had a listen to it yet. And it isn't carded up yet. Just like Jim Scholar sent us a thing here today called the bird bird in the boon. Yeah, which is probably sensational. Like all his stuff is. And the saltwater cowboys are great. But it takes us forever. That's why we had a Johnny dark come in today so that he could steal one of the production studio. Well, the production studio for a period of time. So it's just these little things that prevent us from really doing a kind of show we would like. But we'll always have a little handy cap wherever we work. We like to be, you know, give everybody a little edge. Like, say, oh, you're going to cut that up for us. That would be so great. So Nick is going to cut that up for us. He did. And we could have that for Monday maybe. Yeah, I don't know what that other thing is with all the jingles on it. But bird in the boon sounds like Mike in the audience. You have a play. I would love to hear this. Or we can play right now on the thing there. And then you could be a horse if you would please. Or he would be a red. Anyway, it's 153. Here's a call from Boughton Beach, hello. In Jim and how are you? Great. Listen, I caught you about a month ago. My wife was listening to you while she was in labor on the way to the hospital. Really? I remember Amanda Christina and voice she was almost born listening to. And I want to let you know she's a happiest baby we've ever seen. Well, that's great. So we'll try to get the second time around. Okay. Secondly, last Friday I called the WPBR, the Jim Acterman. And I had a call. He was on something about free speech. And I called and I said, you know, there's a radio station down south of the town. I'm proud of that. And instantly he said, you must mean Uncle Leo. And I said, yeah, you're here. I said, yes, let me tell something. You are all a bunch of hypocrites here. And I just went on and on and guess what he said at the end. What's that? My friend, stay cereal and it's getting ponderous. Oh, no. No. No. Exactly what he said. Good. Heaven. Wow. So next time we get chance to, uh, let him have it. By all means, let him have it. Okay. All right, gentlemen. Have a good day. You too. You believe that? More those Palm Beach guys. Those Palm Beach people man. They're really original. They're at Lee Fowler and all those. They are really something. That is some kind of radio market. Anyway, Tuesday, we got Tom Jick at coming on with the trends are all out here. Yeah. And what else does, having Tom was on at Show last night, which we haven't even mentioned. Right. We thank him for his usual view. Oh, wonderful comments because you don't know that Tom and I have that in Session of his relationship that goes back years. And, uh, you know, and there are all these sour grapes in the business. Ah, how come Tom is always saying these wonderful things about me? And how come he's always because it's a great show. Okay. That's the answer to the question because Tom has excellent taste. It's a great show and that we, you know, do knock on would very well. And we thank our loyal audience out there for again coming through, man. It's just like a no time. We brought him dragged him over here. Yeah. And we did a 5 8 and 12 plus and then 25 to 54. We did a 6 9. And we're washed up. We're washed up and the curdled into 1 6. Let's hear what that thing ready. The bird. No, we don't have a ready yet. Oh, it's bad. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, my. Oh, oh. It wasn't just like regular bird. But like, oldie is yeah. I remember Paul Anker and Odey is a coat. I remember that record. Yes, I do. Well, evidently, this was in that category. And it said, so we'll just kind of like hold it in a band for another station. I guess my amy. Hello. Oh, yeah. You know, uh, it's talking about Glen Rinker. Uh, I'm calling you from this office and I got these, uh, Rugburns on my butt. Oh, I had these whip welp. Oh, my back. It's kind of for me. That is. And is just a piece of work. And she has something else. No, you know, you don't know the truth, but this to this really watered Kronai to the background. What is this? Why are you bringing this to me? What is that? April just brought me this super silly. Is why are you bringing that in here? Blumers. Oh, I couldn't read that. Oh, uh, isn't that cute? Bill wise. Oh, my god. Yeah, if I wouldn't have seen that, it would make any sense. I thought the April was going through a second childhood. Look at the little kid there on the far right, underwear that caption says Bill wise. Now, if that isn't the spitting image, it's the same stupid grin on his face. This spike always has to. Oh, boy. Boy, that must be weird. Bill wise. No, how we have the cart young Neil, that must be from young Spike. Oh, God. Doesn't it look exactly like that? Exactly. Presence that. It's shocking. It was shocking is what it is. Okay, should we take one more? I don't think so. Now we got a mobile and crawl spring.