Okay, that was great. 560WQAM, I'm Bill Collar, and nice to be with you this morning. Hope everybody's okay, and we're going to go right to the phone. So, I got some calls on hold. I can't believe it. It's wonderful. I'm online one. What do we have a surprise caller? Is that what they said? Oh, boy. Well, keep your hand on the dump button. Save, save. We might have to keep your hand on the dump button. Good boy. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Bill. Good morning. How are you? Fine, thank you. Bill? Yes. How is New Orleans? How is it? How is New Orleans? I was New Orleans. Yes. Phil Cabassi. Oh? Hello. Phil Cabassi. What's that? Okay, well, I'll just take it a guess. Okay, could you put me on hold? Would you own hold? Yes. What do you want to hear the show? I don't know. I have a radio. That's what it's for. Who is this? Oh, come on, Bill. Wake up. Do you know who it is? Steve? You don't know. Okay. I'll wait for you while you play a song. You wait for me while I play a song? Plan. Plan. Please. A sing one. That's something. No, I can't. I won't be able to talk. You mean off the air? Yes, yes. Bill. One. Well, Bill, Bill. Yes, yes. Bill, Bill. I wrote you a letter while you're playing in New Orleans. You wrote me a letter while I was in New Orleans? Yes. I'm on work with. I'm on my leave. Intent. You have unleaved? Yes. What like a work release program? No, no, no. A vacation. From where? Oh, from the middle east. There you go. Oh, I am really. Are you still don't know? No, I have no idea. Oh, come on, call her. Hey, listen up. Okay, I'll give you a clue and you'll get it, okay? Ready? Hello? Yes. Hello, Neil. Okay, now have you got it. No. You still don't know. I have no idea who it is. Are you kidding me, of course. Yeah, give you a clue. You're going to give you another clue to them. Sure, we're boring here. You're, you're many listeners. All that seven of them? Hello. I'm going to hang up on you if you're going to do that to me. If you don't, well, there is. Because you're, no, I'm not trying to embarrass you. Oh, my God. I don't believe this. There you go. Oh, I hope Neil isn't listening. No, he's not listening. He's in, where's he at? These, Benny is in the kitchen. Oh, my God. He doesn't know how I'm reformed. See, that's the whole thing I call them up yesterday. And he was totally out of it. Did he hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. I said, what am I coming to visit? So that plant to visit him, whether he likes it or not? Oh, my God. How do I get to QAM to say hello before I leave? Where are you going? I'm leaving under the 12th of September. Well, we can't have any visitor. We're let's set up for visitors so after the 13th. I, that's funny. That's a good one. Ha ha ha. How do I sound? I, you sound wonderful in the music is even better. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is, this is in this weird. Don't give your name. No, I don't. Please don't say who this is. I wouldn't, I wouldn't even attempt to, I'm back up. Well, that's in. Are you going to combine CME someday? Yes, I, I want to do that. I have a chance because I haven't, like, how long have I been, uh, been, uh, using your show for? Yeah, you're a lady. I believe a lady is ever since you were, uh, all over the country. Did you get, did you get on the show? Yeah, but it took too long, too long. And what did he do? Hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. It says hello, Neil. I want you to. Did he recognize your voice? Yes, after, after, well, it's, I started out by, like, man, not necessarily, hello, Neil, said how are you? And he says, well, by the sound of this car's getting kind of boring, I was, well, that's because you don't know. You don't recognize the voice. He says, oh, it sounds like somebody from Kendall. He says, right, that's, what can I visit? And he says, never. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, I said, why not? And he goes, the voice is changed. What if they don't have to make given you an operation? Yeah, that's right. That's what I was going to say, man. No, you want to say that? No, he's already said it. I don't want to write on his coat, too. All right, let's try. I got to run, call me now, OK? I will. OK, there he goes. Mystery color. Well, project here's that. I'm going to be in so much trouble. But he put him on the air. What the hell? Chris, OK, you're on WQAM. Chris. Yes, good morning, Bill. QAM, welcome to you with open arms. Oh, well, that's a nice idea. Well, we, we've got to go a step further. As a matter of fact, um, wait, I have to cough here. Thank you. Oh, what a nice play. OK. Listen, Bill, what time you going to be at, um, base, I talk more? Well, the guy who has been booked to sing all promised me in Lithuanian at Larry King's wedding. I'd like to call this from West Palm Beach. His name is Larry Barronoff. Well, hokey football. That was an incredible call. I wish everybody could have heard it. But listen, you can't, you can't, if you just have to go with what you have, right? OK. Now Bob, harness your standing by. Now I'm, you know, I'm putting this stuff in. I'm taking my life in my hands. I'm putting this in a machine without having heard it. The word, the wire. The word, the wire. So, OK, 10, 07 at WD. Yeah, the bird is really making noise. I'd say that. He got a couple of calls at home yesterday. A couple of frantic calls with some more bird spottings and sightings. And, uh, what can I say? Anyway, Alex Bennett is going to be here next week to do this. You all have no idea who that is. Everybody else in a business seems to know who that is. OK, so he must be very famous and really great. And he got fired at KIT, essence, San Francisco. And it says, he's sudden departure from kids is caused quite a stir in a market, et cetera, et cetera. So he's going to be here next week with the bird. I understand. And then, of course, when I come back, the following week, and we'll take care of that problem, OK? Hey, it's 10, 07 at WIOD. A Michael Pottley of Channel 4. We certainly want to wish a good luck to. How do you overpay to great guy, but evidently very much overpaid. Let's see, then give any numbers in here. Well, Steve will probably come on and tell you how much Michael's going to make us see likes to talk about how much people in the business are making. But Michael Pottley is going to channel 10. And it's kind of like what they do over at W. You know, I'm not trying to relate to talent, because that would be a shot at Michael. But I'm just talking to these revolving shares that they've got in the market. How one guy's one station and one anchor woman is another. And they just keep revolving around and around, like a deck of cards. So Michael's going over to a B and anchor, I guess, a channel 10 in February, no less. See, this is only August still, is going there in February. Now, wonder what that means? Is he still going to be on four between now and then? And every time you look on there, you're going to think you're watching channel 10. I heard all about Larry Birin' office morning on the bill called her show and I was just driving off the road. Nobody understands what that means except me. So I'm glad that the bill has got somebody in the audience who's understanding is some of that bizarre humor that was, I just, just about when I was or heard a call on that show this morning, you know, it takes more than just changing your voice. Okay, this is a little message to one of our friends in Kendall, who called here yesterday. And his back briefly, we hope it takes more than just changing your voice to show, and, you know, send a great maturity. One of the things that certainly would help would be kind of diminishing your obsession with radio. And with radio personalities and with being a groupie and call, I mean, that was such a boring call this morning that I can, it was almost as bad as Bob Martin. Okay, same genre, I think. But what can I say? Okay, now I'm going to say, after 10, we're here to kill four hours before I go on vacation again. And then Steve has got open phones this afternoon. And we have, well, I didn't even realize we got to gain tonight. This is really bizarre. I didn't even realize that we must not have done a great job of promoting it this week, because I didn't know about that. The Dolphin Express had six. And the special multi-hour NFL edition of Sports Talk, following the game, the Dolphin's at the Redskins with kickoff and eight o'clock. This is not, hello? Hi. Hi. What a look. Oh, man, sometimes you really want television. Um, yes. I'm on my way to the track. So I just, you're on your way to the track. Yeah, so I just thought it stopped by and chat for a moment. Well, it's sure nice seeing you. Well, yeah, that. There's a reason. Alex Bennett's going to be here next week to work with you. Yes, I know. But that's not what I came by to talk about. Oh, look, I do a break now first. Of course. I'm sure this is going to take a great deal. This is called the All-Bye portion of the show. It ought to be very exciting. Yes. And I've been really getting just all these emergency calls at the house. You too. Even Capri decoll from out of town. Yesterday from Seattle again. And I said, hey, I'm on the other line with an important call. Although he's threatened to call here today. I'm not threatened, but he promised to call on the bat line. I have no idea what he wants. Oh, good. I have something to tell him. Well, it may not be why you're here if you have to go to the track. Anyway, so 11 past 10. Boy, what a great surprise. Boy, this ought to be the beginning of a really swell day. Okay, let's take that first break, Roger. When we come back at all, it's starting really heating up to my... At times, I'll always be able to tell you what we were talking about. Well, they said, yeah, they told me one thing. Now, who were these people? Anybody who... Well, no. No. It's a good friend of yours called on to show the other day. Well, who is that? Just a minute, I want to get the card out. Oh, yes, I know about this. I was told about this too, dear. Were you? Yeah. Boy, those yentas really were out there. Unbelievable. I guess I really... I really... Yeah, people are really talking. I don't know about what. It's, I don't understand what I have done. Uh-huh. And I would like to address the issues. I notice nothing has changed. You still can't find inner cards. I'll find it all right. You're really searching. Trust me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. All right. Here we go. Okay. It really is, I read Richards. Mm-hmm. One of the legends in the market. That's correct. Now, they said that one of your complaints... Maybe the biggest complaint. This is what the main thrust of what they finally told me... Was that I did not attend the remote on Wednesday. This is the... Well, I probably... Because this was the week that you were going to be gone and you had made these specific plans. I understand. Yes. They plan to change if you used as usual to... No excuse. This is my big deal. Well, yeah. I know Marko has booked up for a heavily this time of the year. But this week... What do you tell you? This is the week they told me to go on vacation. They told you... Oh, no. Wait a minute. Boy, it's no... No, no. Wait. They said... They told you to go on vacation this week. Let me clarify. His boy Gary was just a smoking at the ears. About what? About what? About the fact that you first of all when we went to Chicago, you gave him a lot of crap about that. And then this week when we had that big thing at the bizarre where we had a great turn out. Even without you, it was shocking. We had a great turn out and we pulled the same trick again. I really want to give you advanced notice on the 13th to September. Listen, we're doing a... I could say I'm doing a remote at specs in North Miami at 124th in this game. Oh, which is only up the roadaway. No problem. In fact, it's not far from Arnold's. I'm no problem. That's in Miami. Let me say this. And I've said this is North Miami. Okay. I've said this over and over and over. And I'm going to continue to say it until it finally... I guess registered. I've said this now when Monday and Monday. No, we had all these sightings. These bird sightings coming in. I've been in and out of town. Jimmie's. Yeah. I've been in out of town. Magic 102.7. I visited some friend. And on Tuesday, no less. Oh, power 96, I think it was. I stopped by to have dinner with a friend of mine. Is that okay? Well, I guess. While I was sitting on the other wheel and I remote all by myself. Yes, I really tacky. In March, I picked two weeks out of a hat. At random. You picked him out of a hat virtually wrong. Would you like me to tell the true story about this? I picked the weeks that I was going. Okay. As you say. Right. The week following when I go. Okay. That's correct. In two of my three vacations, thanks in part to the sales department. And also thanks in part to the lawyers and the courts and all this ongoing insanity with the friend. Um, I changed two of the three weeks. My week stayed. The weeks? I picked in March. Stay. Now, the first week. So in other words, you can't change. Is that what you're saying? I'm not saying that. There was no reason. No one asked me to change. They didn't ask you about going to Chicago. No. They asked. Well, he told me about the remote. The birds of the liar. I went home. I checked the dates. I went back and I said, I'm going to be with the conification. They said fine. Now, that Chicago remote was decided the date on while you were in Europe. I picked this week in March. Now, this week, they said, they came to me and they said, we have a remote. August, whatever it was. I went home. I checked one of the dates. Yes. Twenty-third. I went home. When did the dates? And I should have bought the dates. Did you were over at Magic? Shmoosing around with Joe Johnson? No. It was not that day. It was a day before I was at Magic. Oh, the day where the power 96 same day. I was losing around two of some radio antages over there. I stopped by to visit some friends. I thought it was okay. I thought it was a lot of been in this station. You were on another station, which even made it like... Now, working. Rubbing salt into the wall. No, it was something. It was my vacation. I wasn't working. It was my vacation. I was. Now, you told me something in June. And if you rack your memory, you may remember. You told me the birds of the liar that, when I go on vacation, I should go and I should forget about work. And I should have a wonderful time. And I shouldn't worry about anything. So that's what I did this week. I went. I had a wonderful time. I totally forgot about WIOD, which is what you told me to do. I did not even realize it was Wednesday. If you wanted to know the truth, I did not think anything about work. You didn't realize what was Wednesday. I didn't even realize it was Wednesday. Or there was any room. I didn't think about this place. I didn't listen to the show. I've been out of touch. I did what you told me to do. I went on my vacation. And now, because I do what you do. I hear that you're on the air saying horrible things about it. No, not horrible things. Truth things. What do things that you signed this again? We desperately needed you to be there. We have a heart of the show. You signed this and shows, rather. I mean, if you had been over in Marco, enjoying the sunshine and relaxing and being oblivious to what's going on, anybody could understand that. Anybody could relate to that. I did not think. I think you hear like, within a stone's throw. I was in Kendall's are. I was in Kendall, I'm going to go. Oh, I'm going to go to Fort Lauderdale and work. On my vacation week. Do you do that kind of thing on your vacation week? But sometimes, for example, the reason I didn't take two weeks ago off was because of the litigation that's going on to go to court. The reason I didn't take this week off was because we had the remote. No, but there's nobody said anything to me about it. Let me say it again. I could I have taken this week off. When we had to remote that we had signed up weeks and weeks ago, could we have done that? We could I have done that. Sure, show. So I could have just signed those nice people over there at the bizarre. We had a great turnout. The people who run the place are great and little Tommy Deniburt. We sure wouldn't want to brothel his feathers. Isn't the copy say you're going to do your show from the bizarre and it's said, now one word about me. Not one word or a horse because you'd already plan this in city. Act in subordination. There's a atrocity of in subordination. Yeah. Well, I want to talk more about it. Well, after we talked about Toyota of Hollywood, he also was in subordinate. That was really many of the people in our wonderful proud. I was kind of subhuman. Kind of the same way he treated Jim Scholar, who used to be at Hot 105. You're now your right about that. You're right about that. See two summers ago. And that's correct. And shine just turning his back and treating him just like some kind of sewer rat. But anyway, one thing about the bird, at least he's consistent. They may not be good, but he's consistent. And they're consistent at Toyota of Hollywood and giving you the best deals in town. And this weekend, be a good time for you to get your little fanty over there and check out the incredibly low prices. On those beautiful new 89 Toyota, as you know, that every dealer in the country right now is telling folks and honestly, in fact, some of the dealers, it's the first on a thing they've said for years, but with Toyota of Hollywood, they don't play those kind of game. But the bottom line is they all have to move out the 89s that they have on the lot to make room for the 1990s that are coming in a just a matter of week. So you're going to find prices slashed. You'll find the same great service and the same great folks to do business with. And right across the street, of course, over on the west side of 441, you'll find a tremendous selection of really great recognition use cars too. It's all waiting for you at Toyota of Hollywood, the southeast number one Toyota dealer, and you'll find them at 1841 or state road 7 in Hollywood. What is this from? What is this from? Is this from the Oats from the Sun Sentinel? Let's somebody just thanks to us. Oh, look at this. Here's another great fact. It says that donut guy is not one person but two. David, ex-manager of the bird road donut store and Tom fired from the Tammy Amy Trail store. Did you know that blank says, going out, I'm not going to mention your name. They're going out of business a few months now. They've been out of business. Yeah, fascinating. It said, so did two other places that were owned by the same company. David is from Iowa and Tom from Miami and if they didn't spend all day trying to call you, their stores might still be in business. Anyway, they're both loose bags. Tom once called the Steve Cangeau and said, Oh, geez, I'm not going to repeat that. The donut stores are auctioned off today by a company pointed by the court. Isn't that fascinating? No, I know why we never didn't say it. We're still one time going to that donut plane. I saw the guy calling. Remember? And how long does it say that they've been out of business for a few months? I guess I'm going to say that. It does. Sure. The other thing is a one add a personal from the Sun Sentinel. This is incredible. It doesn't have any names. Broadcasting male executive divorced six five forty five. I think that says or six college graduate. Excellent above average income likes rainy nights, beautiful sunset, travel, kids, dogs, Disney world, Epcot, long weekends in San Francisco, late night talks, jazz, old movies, new ideas, museums, zoos, and cheers. Something I can't family activities and much more would like to meet a young woman 30 to 40 who is sincere kind on his genuine and tired of being alone. Children welcome. If you're interested in being a down-to-worth man with big shoulders to lean on during good times in bed and you'd like to be cherished, loved, pampered and spoiled, we should chat sometime soon. Please, no drugs. Have you alcohol use to those with emotional baggage from previous relationships? Replies to box etc. Think of someone we know? I don't know. Well, how about six five sounds like a monster in the business? Oh my god, speaking of a monster in the business isn't this an incredible coincidence on the bat line from Seattle, Washington, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. Yes sir. Are you there afternoon over there? Wow, it's funny you should call right at this moment because we have a surprise visitor in the studio came and do a visitor. On the last day of his vacation this week on his way to the track. Well, somebody that you know and love. The good friend of Irene Richard. George Bush. Is that good yet in clue? I have some tackle not at all. No. A good friend of Irene Richard. Yeah, well I've just been a little sarcastic. Oh, glam? Yeah. He came in today to defend himself against the latest accusation yours also. One of yours too. Hmm. Well, that's not a big great. Well, I was just sitting here just trying to kill four hours. Little did I realize that we were going to have this kind of level of intensity today. This is great. It is intense. I'm confused. You might even have to skip that. I'll just say here. No, no. Take you on for the whole four hours. Oh, what's left of it? Well, we'll go over to Cancho. But that could be. Um, Uncle Neil told me. Uncle Neil told me related to me a tirade you through against me that was a tirade. That was a tirade that the birds of the lion. A tirade about what? About me. I'm not tired Ray. That's what he said. That you tore into the yacht to start backing off here. I'm not, I'm trying to remember what you're talking about. What the hell is pissing you because you're telling people I got fired and I raped little children? No. Well, he didn't say you got fired. Oh, he did. Oh, he did. Oh, he did. Dave, I have never, to mine, I'll, he'd said anything negative concerning you that I know of. Oh, that's it. That, and I can tell you right now. That's why I mean, that's incredible. Well, I know. You have said, why didn't that chair over there? What? What? You don't dare to sit in today and said, and rip this man and ask the likes of a judge. How about a lot? I don't just a lot of garbage. No, I have not. Oh, trust me. When he was on that morning show at that unmechanical station about stealing ideas and, oh, just, on. Oh, didn't we ever resolve that? Doing those talk ups that Johnny Darko invented the idea. Ha ha ha ha. Come on. Let's cut the crap. But let's have a little bit of honesty here. At least for now. I'm an honest person. I don't lie. I've reached it that the birds are liar. I just think you were actually lying just that you get a lot of misinformation. In other words, it's, you, like the old thing about if you say something often of you start to believe it. No. Right? That's the, yeah. I start to believe in your own BS. That's true. Yeah. Well, no. I don't know what it is. It's just that it's not a matter of lying. It's just that you say something and then you start to believe it's true. And also, the bottom of the air. The pulse of you just can't control himself. I mean, you know, the bottom line is too cares. Exactly. A hundred years from now, nobody will give a damn, right? Well, the fact that he was in town. He was supposed to be at Mark O'Lan on vacation this week. And he left me to do a remote at the bizarre up and for a lot of day. All by myself on Wednesday, which somehow I managed to squeak through. And meantime, he was in town here, smoothing around with his buddies over at magic. I was on the, I was on the occasion. Making a tour of the local radio station. No, I visited a couple of the Johnny's dark. You know, the people I visited a couple of people. Would, uh, maybe a lot of Bama and they visit broadcasting studios, you know? No, I had to talk about it this week. I had to take Joe, uh, I had to take Joe Johnson a video tape. Oh, boy. And Rick Peters was there and Yelton was there. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. What is that saying? It says, plucked the bird. Anyway, I thought it was a, uh, big, you ask allow a lie. I thought it was allowable on vacation when I had some time to. Because I was in an out of town. I wasn't in Marcos long as I planned to be. And I thought it was allowable to visit some friends when I had some time. It's course not. It's not when you're in radio. And I did not think I had to go to work while I was on vacation. This is my big crime day. Now, there's the fact that you're calling from Seattle, boat, well, does this mean that you're working? Oh, yes. Oh, well, thank, because I never heard from you again. I was at home a few nights ago. I was actually what happened just a minute now. I was here in the daytime and Nick gave me a message that the manager of this station in Seattle had called. And said if Capriita calls you, meaning me, give him this message. And just by coincidence, like some kind of a psychic vibration. That night, I was watching the Cubs game or something. And the low and behold, here's Capriita on the phone. And I gave him the message, sounded depressed. He was hundreds of miles in the middle of nowhere. Arriving around aimlessly in the middle of the night, wondering what the hell was life was going to be. And one of the little of the night it was afternoon and Oregon. Well, like I said, I can lie with the best of them too. Anyway, um, it's so weird to hear you guys in the radio. Doesn't it sound better though? You drive it around the middle of the night. It's raining and your windshield wipers are broken. And you don't know whether it is screamery to banana and all that. You get this message from me and you call the guy and he gave you the job. Right. It was a good one. It was real crazy. I must admit that I intentionally left. Pretty quickly. And, um, what was that? That's my traffic person. Oh, you're, are you on the air? Yeah, 730 here. But you're not on the air. So anyway, it's, uh, are you on the air? Yeah, I'm on the air. I got to put you on hold for a second here. Well, we got to do a break. Okay, well, I need to hold on. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Hold on. Ha ha ha ha. I see you won't put us on the air. Hmm. They're not ready for this show and see you. Okay. We have an open line in Palm Beach. I have no idea why I'm saying that because we're never going to get you on the air. But I wanted to look good for our visitor in the studio. 655 Wiod and welcome right back. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Okay. It's the 10, 38 at Wiod. These are celebrity collarback. He's not back. It's he on the air really to think. Where's he just, uh, probably calling in a phone booth. He's got a couple of friends standing outside. You know, making gutterwell sounds and making sounds of a helicopter for the traffic. Trying to make it sound like he's working again. I don't think he's working. Anyway, Caprido, be back on a line any second. We want to remind you of course. So you don't want to forget about that ball game that I see. That wasn't even aware. We know that the bird will be listening. Huh, hanging on every word. The dolphins have washing in. Oh. And the boy, my glad I'm not going to be here next week. So I don't have to listen to all the effects you're in carrying on. Okay. It's just an exhibition game. All right. Oh good. So after the Redskins score their fourth or fifth touchdown in the first quarter, I don't want you to start getting all upset and sorely just just stick right with it. Okay. Just hanging there and be a real fan. As only people in this town can do. Well, I don't know if he's ever coming back. Well, these districts. We had a, um, a three. Oh, there he is. So what's going on? I heard him breathing on the other end of the phone, which is a good sign. Now are you really on the air? Yeah. What are you doing? You playing music? Yeah. I'm going to like the way the breeze, the wind, whatever they call themselves now. The breeze. You know, like, what's the station down there that does? The stiff breeze. Yeah. Mostly stiff. They were the breeze and they were the way. Yeah. Now there's the, uh, Mike White tornado. The hurricane. And the one that Jim Kelly works on. Oh, is he over there? Yeah. Did you stop by and see him? No. Oh, well, today would be a good day to stop by and see Jim Kelly. He's still wearing that leather jacket. And motorcycle jacket. Well, that's not exactly for me. I'm sorry. I heard a bunch of talk radio driving out here and up through Calis foreign. How better was great? I heard maybe one or two that was listenable on the rest was just, it just reminds me how we used to make fun of the people that talked about, you know, um, uh, what's the matter with your train or plumbing or, you know, really pertinent topics like that? Yeah. Or like to make green show. Yeah. But, um, KGO and San Francisco sounded good. They had a couple of guys that sounded pretty good. Oh, they don't. You should, I've heard KGO and San Francisco, uh, Owen Span and all those other really boring guys. They don't say too much. They're not pretty exciting. Well, that was the point I was getting at, is that, it sounded good, but they don't say anything. I just can't. I mean, you living in Miami. It seems like a big city like San Francisco would really, uh, could really use a talk show. I don't want anything to do with San Francisco. It's a stress thing, a grotesque, the weather is awful. It's cold as hell. Kind of like Seattle. Oh, it's beautiful here. It rains every day and it's really cold and it never gets over 65. I don't go for that kind of stuff when it's younger. I get up about five and it's kind of fogging about 60 something and then by the afternoon, it's beautiful over here. And 62. If you, it'll be about 72. 72, holy Toledo. Yes, they're having a heat wave in Seattle. I've never been in Seattle, but everybody says it's a great place. Of course they said the same thing about this place too. And I guess that, by the way, I have the September money magazine out today. I was going to hold on hold on. I'll tell some time with this. Well, we can, we can't hold on. You can hold on, but we have a show to do here. Okay, Capreta. Seattle's number one. It's amazing. One, yeah. I was there. I brought this out. This is the top 300 places to live compared with last year. Yeah. By there's a number one. This is the readers of Money Magazine. Number one is Seattle. Last year, number 11. Mm-hmm. And a Danbury Connecticut last year was number one. This year dropped to number two. And wouldn't you know it San Francisco last year was number five in this way up to number three on the hit. So I guess that tells what kind of people they talked to for the survey. What, what now? Well, this is the survey in Money Magazine. And it's got Seattle listed as the number one place to live in a country. This is the survey of their readers. This supposed to be the best place to have a heart attack. Up from number 11 last year, number one on the hit parade with a bullet. They got like about a dozen North West cities on that list. My amazes number 75 down, or up from 111 last year, right behind Rochester, New York is a matter of fact. I don't even know it. The other day, I was really getting home sick thinking about everybody and about my amy. How much I missed it. And then I did this news break. And the first story was about that about Seattle being number one. And the last story was about South Florida being the number one place where toilets break down. And all of a sudden things started falling into perspective. And I felt a little better. Number 187 is West Palm Beach. Well, number 120 is Fort Walton Beach. I'm looking for Fort Lauderdale. I had the thing on her yesterday, but it's way down the list. Well, Walton's world is fat people live. Yeah. No, that's Tamarack. There's Dick Gregory and no is fat people live there. Dick Gregory? Yeah, the guy who he's making the comedian who helps people lose weight. Oh, I thought you meant he was fat. He weighs about 40 pounds. Raiden 10 is 172. And we're the hell is Fort Lauderdale. I know it's on here somewhere, but it's way way way down the list. 286 is Poccipsy New York. Wow. And 289 is Jackson, Michigan. Isn't there just some place near Detroit as the last one? No, Detroit did very well this time. 47 up from 71. So I know this is full of baloney. No, the very last one. Number 300 is a city that's near Detroit. Oh, the last one? Oh, Benton Harbor. No, that's on a West Coast, Michigan. That's way across some. Yeah, that's a horrible place. Everybody's going to work. It's like a city that's out of business. It is. But anyway, enough of this small talk, let's get back to the real purpose of this call. And let's get right back to the nitty gritty of it, okay? Well, I'm looking out this window. This is great. It gets kind of foggy in the morning. I'm overlooking the Puget's hand. Way off in the distance and the missed of these mountains. And then it clears up. And it's really beautiful here in the afternoon. Uh-huh. Great. But I did get kind of home-sick and over this work. You know, you don't get home-sick for the curl. And for that incipit morning show. You know, that nobody's even talking about that station anymore. Wow. They don't even rip it anymore. That's how obscure it is now. Nobody even remembers that it's on the air. Uh-huh. Give them a break. The Colonel is a great guy. I'd like to work with him. Oh, man. Okay. You try to get into the same league with the bird now. Is that it? What is that? Birds of Lyr. What is it? Oh, I see. Yeah. We'll draw you a map. I see. So is there any parting words that you want for your friend here? No. No, just a party back in town in a few weeks. I'm still got all my stuff there in my pussy cat. It's still down there. Magic. Yeah. Magic's still down there. Uh, seems like you've mellow against me, Dave, which is good. I don't think so. I think he hates you with a pass. I just want to put on a good hand. I just don't understand you sometimes. Some of the things that you've seen. Some of the places, uh, low shots. Some of the seats shots and the vicious sir behavior. You know, I don't have any animosity. I just think there's some of that. You know, it's funny you should say that. Because somebody called yesterday when he wasn't here and said the same thing. Hi, it really is. I read Richard. Is it an incredible? Sorry, I'm missing. Yeah. You're really sorry. You weren't here to chat with her for a while. I miss them. I want to play that on the radio. Yeah. I'll be happy to send you your own copy when I come back from vacation. We can't connect. Okay. Well, I'll see you guys hopefully in a few weeks, man. You'll see us. I'm going to be down there for a few days. Really? I'm going to come here on the show. Well, it's not cause me stills a nash. Sure it's going to be there. Wouldn't that be something, boy, Captain Day came in on the show live in the studio and we'll feed him like old times, boy, don't be afraid. I missed all that soon. Yeah. Yeah. You missed a food in his eyes. We know what it's all about here. Great. Okay. Say hi to all our pals up there in Seattle and all those big, more of radio people. I'm just going to tell you what I forgot what it was. Well, it had to be ready. You're probably right. It's on a letter. I'm like, man. I'm not excited. Must have been alive if I forgot. That's correct. And don't forget to close the birds of the liar. Okay. We'll talk you soon. Okay. Okay. Right. Isn't that something? Dave Caprita on the bad line to expose you for the doos bag that we all know you are. What are you talking about? You realize that I could kill the entire show after you go to the track. Look at that 285 Lime O'Hio down from 284 last year. Melaborne Florida from 247 all the way to 236. How do you like that? I want to do this. I don't, uh, Solve my dog. That's cute. I'll sold me my dog. Okay. I thought she was and all a call from Captain Jimmy's. You think we ought to call him on the air? Why not? Okay. Let's do our last break of the hour for Newture System here. And then when we come back, we're going to talk to the people of Captain Jimmy's and get it right from the horses. I have nothing to do with you in there this week. Yeah. Anyway, you got to talk about Newture System like so many people, what was that? Did you hear that? You, you would know. No, I don't know what the hell that was. Anyway, Becky has lost 20, you know Becky. She lost 20 pounds already on Newture System. It's just amazing that this building, which when we came to work here was like leaning like the tower of piece of from all the weight and it was about ready to tilt. And now it's kind of leveled off a little bit because there's so many people have lost so much weight. Sunny Hershey's down 30 pounds in Newture System. And Fat Rich, believe it or not, is over the 70 pound mark. He looks like a shadow of his former selves. And you can do it too. And the good news, you better do it today because this is the last day today to take advantage of the unheard of discount that they're offering a Newture System this week only 50% off. On your new Newture System program, but you got to do it now because once the beginning of next week comes, it's going to be back to the regular price. So column right now and start shedding those disgusting, unwanted, grow, test, ugly pounds of flab and flim and garbage. Okay, call 1-800-344-thin. You call Newture System right now 1-800-344-thin. You know, I really can't find four-lutter nail on this list. It's got the 300 cities here. Wouldn't that be embarrassing? I started the bottom. Look at that, the bottom three are all in Michigan, Benton Harbor Flint and Jackson Michigan. And battle creek is 295. So if the last six cities for them are in Michigan, you'll ever guess what number 294 is Atlantic City? Wow. A horrendous place. And I told me, oh man, what a toilet that it all means. I don't buy this stuff. Well, Elvis would Elvis be upset if he saw this. Number 275 down 30 points from last year. Calamazoo. There, nuts, calamazoo's great down. Okay, let's give this a try now. Just a second. Fine. All right, let's say, oh, wait a minute. I have to dial one on my date down the county. That's pretty exciting. Are you trying to forget that? I'm in date county when I come to work every day. It's a 1051-a-WildD. We're going to get to the bottom of this mystery. If it kills us. Yeah, what a mess. I was kicked there, please. A new rung is a WildD. We're on the air. Sure. There you go. I'm just a sub here. I'm not quoting my source on this because it could create a lot of problems. I know, but somebody was told not to say anything about it. Really? Somebody, you know, what the proverbial cat at the back. Okay, now is this a crime, Keith? That's right. Right, come over to top the back. Let's not start with all of this, you know, but looking here. Let's try to get to the bottom of this. In other words, he was supposed to be at Marko Island vacationing. So the other thing wasn't there. He was leading me in the lords at that remote on the Wednesday while Nick was putting all those crank calls on one after the other. If he marked an even though he was on vacation, Marko Island wasn't there. Showing a few days and he didn't know, but it was a way. Marko Island wasn't there. He just didn't think anything of it. Right. Well, yeah. Nothing would seem to go very sneak into places where people wouldn't realize that he was signing us. Yeah. Well, let me thank you for you to say. Okay, 10.55 and WIW. Yeah, what did you go into the, I think we've gotten to it finally. Got it. Well, there seems to have been something said to you by management. That is about one about this vacation week. Not true. Well, then what are you talking about? They came to me and they said there's a remote. How long did I say that I don't want to go do that remote alone? I said a dinner burger on Monday and I said it again on Tuesday and I said it in previous weeks. It would be much better if there's something set up over there so that either you're going to be here or there's somebody there when you because all these people were coming up to the table to sign pictures. Yes. And as I tried to explain it, what do you mean yes? How do you know that? I thought you said you weren't listening. I wasn't listening. Oh, well, anyway, I believe you. Oh, okay. That's good. All these people were coming up for me to sign pictures. And then the jingle would play and the break would end. We come back on the air and all of a sudden they all hit emergencies and they all had to go home. So I'm writing good luck. Time yonkel best wishes near Rajas and all these other stupid messages. And there's like laws. And of course, your friend Johnny Dark who was sitting there in front of a microphone, pretending that he was in who had Jonesy for your job. He wasn't adding anything. All he was doing was filling his fat face every time I turned my head. He was eating pizza, which I never even got to taste the pizza. And he was eating hot dogs and cookies and everything that was in sight. Because we were right in the food court there at the bizarre. Okay. I understand. I mean, I do want you to understand that we had a tremendous turn out of the show and find. So they tell me I didn't like all the dead air. I didn't like that part of it. Now it seems. Although that wasn't your fault. That was Tom Denibre's fault. They because generally speaking he's a moron. But they never I'm telling him when I came in this morning. He or somebody had a big thing up there on the wall under the clock that said the cubs suck. It was not this. That isn't enough to make you speechless. It was. It was. It was not discussed with me about postponing my vacation, which I probably would have been open to. If it had been brought up to me, how am I supposed to know this? It was. A lot of people who are a lot of the vultures out there who are just gathering around preparing for your demise. I'll tell you that right now. Because I don't know because they hate your guts or something. I don't have any knowledge of this. I've been done anything. You out. You must have done something because you have a lot of people that are just ready to dance on your provibial grave. Why? I don't know. You'd have to ask fat. I mean, have to ask some of these people who are just apocalyptic with you. Just want to contired of your people. Like, like, people, you know. He's upset with you. Everybody's upset with Bill Carter is upset with you. I didn't do anything. The fat riches upset with you. Like, worse than management, I think. Management of course is upset with you. They think that you're just some kind of a total waste of space. But other than that, everybody's okay. You know, what has seemed at the remote where you talk about what have been there. I hear insurance things that you ought to be boiled and oil. There's no question about that. She just walked in there, so I made it up. I know. I could have been there to help at the remote. It seems like Alex Bennett boy is just foaming at the mouth. Wait till next week. I'm sure glad I'm not going to be here for that. Do you know who Alex Bennett is? No. I don't either. Everybody else seems to have no idea he just got fired in San Francisco. And he evidently does a real filthy show, which is just exactly what we need. I think so. I don't know what he does. I really don't have the got any idea what he does. He's old. He's about 180 too. Good. So he can relate to him. It seems like I would have been there. You got a lot of calls here when we come back. Because I made a lot of sad rids can call in. He's got the bad line. So if he wants to call in after the news and see what I would certainly be about. See what I've got my life. I don't want to expose his confidentiality at all because he's a good guy. But he's also getting a little carried away. And he's becoming divisive and creating a lot of animosity and hitting the upset and hysterical. I think I just saw Fort Lauderdale on the list here somewhere. There is 113 up from 123. So it's not so bad. Henry Barrow is standing by the great expert on the dolphins. Of course Henry is not going to be permitted to go with the team on the bus or even to show with the guys after the game. And he's going to tell you why along with the 11 o'clock news. Then we'll come back at 11 o'clock. Steve with open phones and don't forget the dolphin express in the pre game festivity start many, many hours before the game. WIOD Miami, Fort Lauderdale. Round to once again, be the home of the Miami dolphins this fall. Moved off radio 610. WIOD. He's a 10. Newstalk Radio 610. WIOD presests. The real Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day. 524 WIOD in Roller. Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers. I'm not necessarily those of the station. And now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. Well it's 1105 in WIOD in a Plot Thick-ins boy. What's going on? This studio here today and in this building it's just amazing. First before we get to this average is in the building now. The birds of the lion. In the studio with you know who. And this ought to be quite an hour boy. This is just all developing by accident. It's not even contrived controversy. I don't know why I'm here. There's a thick, I don't either. I have a guy. There's no food here. There's a little breakfast that was leftover from publics from a news show which is delicious. By the way, some cold cuts in the potato salad, macaroni, salad, macaroni, salad. You're here to answer. Anyway there's a thing in the political people in the hero this morning. A page 2B about yesterday's a Steve had Xavier Cortata, debating a Gerald Richmond. And anyway it says a second would be surrogate for Ross Layton and date Republican committee man, Richard Ciderman never gotten near the microphone. Before Cortata arrived Ciderman listened intently to Richmond, and saw the one of you with host Steve Kane in case something is said that is totally erroneous. In the building this is he was here in the building Mr. Ciderman. Ciderman stayed put despite repeated demands from WIOD executive producer Sharon Mahoney that he leave the premises. She finally pleaded to several people in a hallway. Someone helped me get rid of Ciderman please. After a tense confrontation before reporters Ciderman finally left he wasn't pleased. And by the way Sharon don't call me again he growled on route to the exit. What a douchebag. Okay, come sit here. A point himself as the monitor of that debate and of Steve show yesterday. This is Steve's good ex friend. Okay, who comes in here as no business in this building who's a just piece of mong. And the Ciderman stay out of this building. Okay. All right that takes care of that piece of business. Now let's get right out of the nitty gritty of this show. I guess Glenn wants to know why I hate him something. I'm curious. I don't. It doesn't hate but is very upset. I have a clue you know during the day when state there was a guy who called in Neil if you recall. And asking about Glenn's car about what color you know the color. Right. And I think that may have been the guy. Oh that was the bubbles guy. Was that who it was? The bubbles. He said we're hanging out with bubbles over it. How about they'll? Boy people are talking. I've been on the cases. You've been everywhere. I've been with friends. But I watch you. They're jacks going to start following you around. What is it going on? I've done anything. Can you imagine what to be like if I had done all this? Well I think the bone contentious is that it was under the impression that you were going to be away. I plan to be things change. This is real life. There's no script. Things change for personal reasons. I was back early. And it was just a coincidence that both times that you're away were for the less two remotes. No kidding. And I think this is your fault. Now I think about it. You mentioned earlier that I picked these weeks. You know. By the way, I have incredible affidavits here. I just mentioned in passing. It turns out that the a week ago today is we went hearing in court. And a lot of people thought that was the end of this whole business with Jack Thompson, which it certainly unfortunately wasn't. But it was a very narrow thing. The judge was ruling on to keep him away from me and away from this building while I'm here. And et cetera, because there was a psychologist who testified as many of us also believe that Mr. Thompson could be dangerous and represent a threat to a sum of us. And that we have affidavits from two of the people over here, channel 7 next door. They don't want him here either on the way property. And he has no legitimate business over there. In fact, after our hearing last week, the people of channel 7 called the judge and said that we're very upset that you made an exception to allow him after 3pm to come on a property to come over to channel 7 because he has no legitimate business here. And we don't want him here. So I find that fascinating. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. Now let's get back to the real important matters at hand. What? It's my fault that what? That I picked these particular weeks because you mentioned about an hour ago that I picked them, you know, in conjunction with your vacation. Yeah, but see I changed my vacation. So you could have also changed yours very easily. In other words, the fact that I'm going next week, you could have gone to following week. Very easy. You're right. But no one mentioned anything to me about that. About that. Well, no one brought it up to me. On Wednesday at the bizarre, where there was a trick that you're going to be out the week of September 13th. Is it? No. You see? Have you seen that was a shot? I know that. That was a shot. A real, really smiling. But it was a shot. You people are saying very upset. How about why? A piece of just mong. I think is the word I could use it. Now shaking is head now. No. Yes. That's my track buddy. Come on. You guys are going to the track with me today. Sure. I'm going to go. Now this is tell the audience anything. It tells me a lot, boy. I'm telling you, you people are so fickle and so wishy, washi, it just incredible. You just can't, um, I don't know what it is for. This is sad. This is really sad. You're not. Well, don't joke around the audience doesn't know that. They think they're sucking around now. By the way, can I have some more that roast beef? Delicious. And it's been a spoil sitting there in a course rich, getting near the food is always a dangerous sign. Are there any more those great little olives? I love those little olives with the pometoes? Yes, there are. Yeah. I didn't ask you to touch them. Just, uh, just kind of explore for them. Thank you so much. Now is this anyway? It's 11 past 11. This is the whole complaint. Is this it? What we've been dealing with is this smile? No, no, no. We come back. You'll have to ask him. I don't know what else he's upset at you about he's very upset. Call me at home. Braceless last night, just, um, excoriating you on the phone. Well, I wouldn't have repeated it this, but he shows up here today. And, um, we need to get all the testimony out before the audience and they can start. It's starting to all fall together now in my mind. Mm-hmm. Yeah, Paul, slowly becoming clear what's going on here. Is it? Well, I'm glad it is to you. It's 11 minutes after 11 at W.I.O.D. Toyota of Hollywood invites you to come by and check out the great deals on brand new 89 Toyota's like a super brand new 89 super with leather interior and power seats. Only 19,800 bucks and 89 Toyota Turcell 2'd or 6790. A Corolla 4'd or 8990. A Toyota 2'd by 2'd truck 74 95. A 4'd or a camera only 10,999 7 and right on down the line through the MR 2's and the other great Toyota's. You'll find similar savings waiting for you right now. In fact, if you're not close to Hollywood, you can pick up the phone wherever you are and call the Toyota hotline and they'll give you a specific quote right over the phone on the Toyota of your choice. 1-800-842-4699. That's the Toyota hotline. 1-800-842-4699 at Toyota of Hollywood. Look for them on 441 just out the Sheridan Street in Hollywood and please tell them that Neil Rogers from WIOD sent you by. 1-150 to WIOD and what a way to end the week. This is just what I had in mind. The roast beef here too. I'll look at that. Good old-rich boy. I hope you don't want this stuff to go bad. We can always cut on rich when there are 40-50 pounds of food sitting around getting stale. So, where were we? Well, rich was saying. As you may recall, or may not realize. I have a separate Capriita. I haven't taken one call. We haven't had time. We haven't taken it to the bottom already. How about all this ridiculous? What else does take one? Okay. Um, Daniel? Hey, Neil, how's it going? All right. Now, what do you think of all this so far? Well, don't rip the bird too much. As far as Capriita sounded good here in all three of you on the air again. Um, I don't know why he came in today. The bird is still on vacation. I got him in on Wednesday on his vacation when we had that remote if the bizarre. Yeah, what a day when he's absolutely no reason from the be here. He comes in. Yes, there is a big reason for me to do that. Yes, I want to straighten. I want to defend myself. I feel like what I feel like is I have been tried and convicted. And I haven't had a chance to do this. I think there's a fair assessment. That's what I feel like. Oh, you've gotten the one straight now. It seems with Capriita. Yeah, he seemed very melatored me. Yeah, don't make it. If he does come down here, y'all can really get a show where y'all three sitting need. It'll be like all time. I tell you, he was the only reason I'd listen to Zaynab after y'all left. And when he left, I just can't stand here in the crown of last. One last from him and I have to turn the channel quick. Yeah. You know, it's not like starting to conquer. It's a good place. You know, I love his laugh. Oh, God, the kernels I start pulling my hair out. But there's only one thing I have to say for next week when your application is. Yeah. Or don't take it wrong with no show-vinistic shows, please. He's not going to be doing the show. Alex, Ben, it's going to be doing. He's just going to be cackling in the back. Oh, well, that's good. That's good. It's going to bring in all those 20s and do that disgusting embarrassing stuff. Alex will do that. And I wish you had someone good following your show, Neil. Now, when you stop, I want that stuff to come on. Well, don't listen to me. Don't listen to me. Don't listen. I don't want to talk to you. You're right. He's staying. What? Take some card and want to talk about Steve. All these cheap Steve came cheap shot artists. I mean, granted a lot of what they say may be true. But enough is enough already. God. You see, that's that gratuitous crap. I don't like that. Okay. They think that I want them to call it in Rips Steve. Anyway, we have an open light in Palm, what was said? No. Well, don't be touching my olive. Would you please? God Almighty. Open light in Palm Beach at 655WIT. Even with all this going on here today, Palm Beach doesn't come. Doesn't that tell you something? So can I? Even though your feathers are in a ringer, see you Roger have a great life. Thank you. So can I sum up? Always a time for a summation. I don't know. Is it? Whatever you say, I've got a lot of time. I have three hours and forty two minutes left. Yes, you do. So in my mind, what my atrocity against this show is shine. The word is gone. No, no. The way I see it, my crime, we don't care how you see it. I noticed. Yeah, I detected that yesterday. So what I hear that you don't care what I see. So what? My crime is that I didn't go Palm Beach. Hello. Is this Palm Beach? Yeah. Do you want to talk to me? Yeah. Hold on a second. Are you going to hold? Hello. You going to hold? I don't know. Okay. Listen. It's a quick call. Last week. Okay. The word was saying that he couldn't change his vacation because he had planned it. It's a simple had reservation. Yeah, that's correct. And he kept on saying, well, no, I'm not going to do it. No, I'm not going to do it. I can't change. I can't change. I did. Yes, you did. Yeah, I had forgotten that. This is a great call. Because my memory is getting very weak in my old age. And I've gotten that. Well, correct. I do have a table of it. If you'd like. I can't change. I don't take a bit. How do you like that? Let's hear it. Let's hear it. I'm going to do that. Work right now. And I will send it to Neil. And he'll have it on his when he comes back from his vacation. Yeah, and he better govern himself accordingly, right? That's right. Okay. Thank you. You're a great American and a star witness. Okay. Thank you. I feel like that. And a trouble maker. It's not true. I'd like fat rich. Yeah. I could have changed my vacation. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I was on. I forget who I was. I guess I was talking to Bill Carter last night. It was angry with you, but there was steam coming through the receiver. He was smoking about well, you get specific. He was smoking about you and about all these sightings and about the fact that when we really when a push came to show, you just a dessert of the ship. He was a zirited a sinking ship. How come how come you didn't he was there come to me. How come you did was there. How come you didn't come to he was an on vacation. Yes. He's his matter back. How come he's on a permanent vacation with aerosmith. How come you didn't come to me to my face and say why don't you, you know, push your We did that on the air. The guy just got through it called. We went through that and you said I can't change this and I said you're going to let me go to that thing all by myself. And you said I've had this plan for months. And I have my reservations. It's all coming back to me. Thanks to that last the pain and he asked caller. Now I remember that very briefly one time that was mentioned. But no one had ever come to me. Now it's me. No one had asked me anything. Common sense would dictate. Not necessarily. Part of the show. You don't just shine when there's a special thing coming up. That you would have gotten paid extra for. Speaking of getting paid extra for by the way, where is Tommy Denhamburg? Is Denhamburg in the building? Well, I forgot about that. Where's my check done in Bergo? Well, I forgot all about this. You may either you lead. Let off the hook. I got mine. Did you get paid? Johnny Darkard his check right there on his spine. Well, now this could be. Why it came in? Just like on Perry Mason and the trial of that. There's a little side bar that comes in. Yes. This just dawned on me. Because I was going to say you would have gotten paid extra for. Just like I did. And now it dawned on me. I didn't get paid anything. That is the why I'm here. That's supposed to be part of these deals. It's supposed to be big bucks. When the big celebrities go out on the road man, supposed to be some serious, serious dollars. And it's just an unalmated man. I've just like Steve. When I go out and do these things, I want that check. Now, look at that. I want it right now because I'm broke. Man, I haven't got two nickels to rub together like Steve. You know, that seems to be next to your interpret behavior. That seems to be the number one on a hit parade. Question. Everybody is asking now. Because Steve keeps coming on here and. Flunting the audience. Well, Denver, he's on a road, but he's got a phone in his car. And he knows the bat line. He knew it enough to call in to be a pest on the lightning round. He can call in now. Okay. On the bat line. But where's Steve's money all going? Why is he always broke? And why does he owe Nick money and Bill Mullen? Sharon. That's an inquiry. And the guy that washes the cars out here and Spencer, how come it? What is that all about? I mean, it's his business, obviously. But when he chooses to come on the air and beat his breast about how much money he's making. He does make a lot. And he does make a, he's far too much for him. One has to wonder. And everybody is talking about that. Now that's what we're doing. Mystery. So you're, you fall in number two. Excellent. This is good news. You know, in every city you'll find a restaurant that cat drivers and hotel deskslurs recommend to out of towners. In fact, you'll find five of them in San Florida. They're called shells where they're dedicated to serving only the very best seafood available. Everything is cooked to order. I mean, fresh as the fallen snow. And you are going to love shells. They never give you anything that's sitting under heat lamps or been getting mungy. You know, hang it around. Look at that. There's your sporting news. Now you ought to be very happy. So if you want to grate, not very goes again. Link and stuff around. Did you see what he just did? Sure and brings you in a sporting news. And you go flinging it all over the floor and a child is juvenile in tempered way. Well, it doesn't. It fits in with your behavior with your personality lately. I want the audience before they vote. I want you to be aware that he just, he just flung the sporting news that Sharon so kindly brought in all over and pages are flying and gross. You can't wait for dogs and picture who are not on my breakfast here. So you had this weekend with a whole gang for great seafood, tremendous portions, dockside prices to any of the five soft lotus shells you can't beat him with a stick. They're open every night, seven nights a week for dinner, beginning at 5 p.m. And you'll find shells in coconut creaks, sunrise open park, north by me beach and candle. So Florida cries out, take the bird and walk him. It might not be as bad as anyone said. Okay, 27. We're left at WIOD. And somebody I want to thank them for sending me these great bumper stickers. They say happiness is 100,000 Canadians heading home with a New Yorker under each car. These are the best. Okay, thank you so much. And we'll slap these in your appropriate spot before the end of the show. I bet you're pardon what we were about to say before you were so rudely in a row. Poor Alex Bennett, well he's really going to be up a creek without a paddle working with you next week. Why? I just is. He doesn't understand all that's preceded him. That's all he's like jumping into the fire. No kidding. Jumping into a in a Furno. And then I'm told that they want me on the show A to show him the ropes and B to be there. And B there for the Neelies. And I go, well I think, well, why am I not just here alone? If I want me here for the Neelies. Because they don't trust you. They don't want you alone. And of course, now that you brought up this part of the discussion, that we've reached this part of the deposition. I would like to say publicly that Neel did go to bat for me and did go to management and say that you would prefer me doing the show as it has always been done. I would like that known. Well, I wouldn't lie. I didn't say as it's always been done. For the last of we alone. Yeah, for the last of we would have gone. If they could keep you under wraps and take all the carts out of here that shouldn't be in here. I don't think that's a problem to you. Well, I took them out myself. Yeah. So I don't know what their problem is. I want me to give you an example of one. If you want. Just briefly. And it's up to you. Yeah. Okay. I just want you to listen. Briefly. Briefly. You should get out of these nightclubs. That's one. You know, yeah, it is. Never, ever again. Trust me. No one's sending the mute. I just said it. Oh, that's from you. That's from. Okay. Higher up. Huh? It's from. Why don't they ever? Because you're not here. Your busy over at Magic and Power talking all these. Do you have a safe case? Well, it's been never. Well, you're never here. You're always on vacation. Yeah, I'm always on vacation. In fact, they were looking all over the building. Yeah. You just what I told you right now. So don't see you didn't give the message. Why is everything said behind my back? You know, why don't you want an answer? I have no right. There you go. Who's that? From. So who did you see at Power? Is this something we can discuss on the air? Yeah. No, friend of ours. How much how many guests? Not will he be. Not will he be that you're in the right area. No, friend of ours. Who, let's show you where. You're an alien. Good. Yes. Who had been. Yes, Elliot. Someone who win, Elliot has been with us in the studio at Zeta. Alan. Closer. Getting closer. You're in the right city. Bob. Oh, being go. We want to bring there. Watch out for your talk by the station. Bob, so Jack can get your license plate number. Okay. Yes. I was in the lobby talking to Bill Tanner and Bob walked out for the end of the day with a Neil Rogers squeeze bottle under his arm. Oh, Jesus. I was somebody leaning excited when he heard this. That was squeezing his Neil. I thought it was my old eyes. I'll be dancing. Well, I guess there's something to it then. Anyway, it's 1131. Look at that Palm Beach line. Is that embarrassing? Here we are. This could be one of the most consternating shows in the history that I've been on a year here. It's intense. And they don't. They couldn't care less in Palm Beach. They do want to talk about excitement getting his hands kicked out here yesterday. What would you like, Cheryl? Or are those yours? Those are. Huh? Those are great. Those are incredible. In other words, if people are channel seven or just a, they're more apocalyptic than we are. They don't want to many were near the building. Well, poor patio for their poor. That's shocking. Okay. What that is. But what goes around comes around. So you just keep making it up Jack and the cows will come home to roost. Now, cows don't roost. Well, the chickens will come home to roost. Okay. Let's, should we take a couple of calls see what the audience makes out of all this so far? Del Rey. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. This is Glenn. The reason you're not on by yourself is because you're not that entertaining. Well, that is a good point. And that's what they told me and I say, well, now you're nitpicking, I think. No, Neil, you're the greatest man. Well, we know them. I know that. And I'll say, we know. This is getting to be the one plant team back today. It reminded me of that jerk that you've come on at one thirty or so, you know, he's the barge in there. The guy on the start ripping him again. William. He's getting all paranoid and insecure. And he thinks I'm trying to ruin his life and ruin his show. And I don't have any of that. Yeah, ruin his show. Now, I'm afraid it's show. And no, he does not have the worst rated show. I'm just a station while I'm at stroke. Glenn, go back and get out of here. I'm hung over and I listen to your whiny little baby voice. I don't need it, man. I don't need it. I don't like it, Glenn. You know, sir? What? I don't like you. Why not? I think you're a trouble man. That's like a good guy to me. Yeah. Why are you ripping me, sir? Because you're a jerk when you're a dope. You know, you're whining. You're just a, you're just a pinhead. I can nerd. Well, yeah, whatever. A dream. I'm going to track. I'm going to touch. What are you doing there today? Anyway, man. What are you doing at the station, man? I came in. I came in the bug user. I came in specifically. My friend, you succeeded. You know, you good. So I'm said, I, you know, I don't know what to do. I'm going to take care, man. Get out of here. What a, you know, 33 at WIO did a pleasant call. You know, you're dropped from number 19 last year to number 50. No wonder all the New Yorkers are here. Boy, it's dropping like a rock. So I dropping a penny from the top of the World Trade Center. Anyway, Palm Beach is, now, that must be a broken line, huh? No, it sounds like it's working fine to me. 655, 9463, 655, WIO, D. I guess Debbie's got that Palm Beach audience sewn up. Didn't she? I don't know. She, what? He's upset. He is really upset. The last call I think was the final straw. I was straw that broke the bird's back. But the coal did say he was hung over here. Yeah. Well, he considered the source. Sounded fine to me. Yeah. Sounded like a good guy to me. Anyway, let's continue. I'm sure that they're going to come to your rescue here, because you know that all the bird suckers are going to get on here real quick now. Start kissing and kissing. Well, I haven't. Palm Beach show was a fault. Well, wait a minute. Let me handle this. Hello. Protect the bird. He's alright. Okay. See, just brief comments from Palm Beach. I haven't done any. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. All right. Let's take a survey now. Who'd you rather have in the building? Rick, cider, and or the bird? My only crime seems to be that I didn't go to work while I was on vacation. That seems to be my big. Well, I like the way you've twisted around. I would probably put it in a different way that you took your vacation when we needed you the most. No one asked me. No one said anything to me. You like, you know, marginally. But I was missed. So when we go, you were. And it's I was missed. And instead of you were missed, and we were. Yeah. And instead of appreciating me and saying, oh, well, maybe, you know, he does serve a purpose. Maybe he does. No. No. So I guess we had a chance to serve a purpose. Then you shine this. Nobody asked. You're kind of twisting it around. Your body is divided. Your body is divided. You're my me of somebody. I know who listens every day to the show and likes to take the obvious and twisted around to suit his own distorted, warped purposes. Where am I wrong then? Where am I wrong? Everywhere. What do you think if anyone had asked me to post for my vacation? Miami. Hello. Yes. Okay. Okay, sir. Listen, but I'm glad you came into the thinniest self because, and you had a hard time on Monday trying to find trying to run the show. He's not as true. No, no question about that Monday was it a zaster? Well, Neil missed you. And his show has been kind of easy since then. Yeah. And when seeing he realized that the show really didn't go without the bird. No, that's not. Now, let's not get carried. Show on Wednesday went fine. But instead of being missed, I'm just ripped because I didn't go to work while I was on because. Yeah, yesterday he ripped your show much, but you could tell him is in his way was talking that he really missed you and he needed you back for the show. So it's good that you came in the day to think yourself and keep it up man. Like you're doing a good job and Uncle Neil really missed you. Okay. That's Uncle Nelly to use. Finally a coherent call. Uh huh. Fancy for you to say. Yeah. 1136 at WIOD. Let's do a little quick break here and what we got a collar to take first. Hello. Hello. Now it's time for the break. Okay. Well, sure glad we got that Palm Beach call and before they head out for lunch. We'll come back right after this. Wow. 1139 at WIOD and the Mark Tadino who used to be a channel six news right here in town. Fact Mark was involved in our last big fiasco when we had Marlon Bailey and the Miami Vice-Chackets. Sure. A couple of years ago and Mark did get his though. He said that some of the piping came off and it's his Miami ice. So Mark, I would save it and it could be worth a lot of money someday. Okay. Marlon will buy it back for a buck and a hand. But sure good to see Mark. I'll tell you boy. He's one of the few people that was ever on the year in this town who looked good. 20 till noon at WIOD and let's go. Now we don't want Michael Poney to get up sick as Michael just has this big exciting new chapter of his life that's only going to happen in what six months or something. Is it really similar to when I've ever seen a January, February, six months going to 10. Do you understand that? I don't get it. Is he still going to be on four and then everybody's going to know he's going to be a channel 10. That's a little tacky isn't it? I guess. That would have been like being on Zeta for six more months. Oh, everybody know when we were coming here. I would have had a joke. Yeah. That is pretty heavy. Do the all the way to stand. They would like to have you back. Ha ha ha. Sure. Fort Waterdale. He said. And the other end of the line was dead. Well, I guess. Oh, was there somebody there? Yes. Yes. Hi. I'm just wanted to call and say, please leave the bird at long. You need to go to be on vacation. That's correct. What's he doing here then? Well, as he said, he had to come in to the gym. No. Actually, I think that you knew. You're the one that starts on these Zeta. Absolutely. And then you're just a mean nasty guy. And then if you've done all your dirty work, you try to put the blame on others. That's correct. Well, you got me with my, uh, the little. I'm sorry, Johnson. You're a coward and a hypocrite. Right. And it does facts on everybody shows to your true character. That's correct. But you wouldn't miss the show for all of money. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. I don't. Not you don't listen that often. But you just happen to have an accident and be listening today. Right. You miserable disgusting lying. I'm. I'm. It's 1142 at W.I.O.D. We look at that. Fat Rich is getting so worked up. He eating cold cuts. He's chain eating. You want after the other boy. You see the way he started. You got a piece of hand there. He's attacking it like he was invading Atlanta or something. Wow. Anyway, after hearing from that very pleasant lady, let's go to Haileo. Hello. Yes sir. I know. This is a South Miami. It's one South Miami. Well, it says Haileo on here. It's close enough. Okay. Listen. I want to catch bass with you on a couple things. Yes sir. Okay. Now first of all, uh, birds. Yeah.