I already got a preset into the phone so I can get in right away. Yeah, just automatically dials this line. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, how's the traffic? And that's too bad. Good. Pretty clear. Good. Listen, have you heard anything about the gastrochemic tubes from Beritius? Oh, it's still a problem with that? Yeah. What happened? I still haven't received anything. You still haven't? Oh, boy, because we had someone call us like a week ago. Yeah. And they're good people and they said they would check on it, you know? Yeah. So I'll mention it to him. Give me an excuse to go as he's Sheila. I've been seeing those guys that's been back for vacation. Yeah. All right. Okay. I'll check on it for you. Thanks, Glenn. Okay. Bye-bye. All right. How long, Dale? Hello. Hi. Hey, bird. Hey. Hey. Hey. This 45 minute time hole is ridiculous. I mean, one of the people are chronic. I'm trying to hold it down. Best I can. You know, I can only do so much. It's like, you know, I feel like a damn sometimes with the water just coming over. I'll do the best I can. Okay. And was that Walt from Wings plus bring them into your? He didn't say. Yeah. Have you got any? Yeah. Take all my douchebag. Go ahead. Hey. Walt, you were douchebag? Okay. How you doing? Great job. The management did douchebag too. Thank you, sir. I've got to get some soap upset around here for a long day on a car. Hi, bird. Hey. How you doing today? Okay. How are you? Good. I just want to lean up on the traffic on Northbound on 95. But I was heading down the South Miami this morning on 95 and it was a brutal. Oh, what new? Yeah. But it's not too bad coming back. So Neil should be hit that way with a no problem. Oh, good. I'm worried about him. He lives in plantation. And I think it was downtown. Maybe he had to go to. I believe he said so. And of course, we didn't know about the rain. Oh, it was brutal. I don't know. I don't want to like accelerate when it rains. You know, there's no job. I can't understand it. And like half my trip in this morning wasn't even raining. It was just a wet road. And they're just petrified. I don't give it. I don't understand if they were just like move along. Everything's fine. Everything would be fine. And when it was raining, it's just like a little light shower. You know, just like a real gentle shower. And they're just like shaking in their boot. I know. It's incredible. Like they think it's going to damage the car or something. Kids, it's just water. That's right. How to prove. Come on. It's better now, right? Right. Okay. Thanks for calling. I'd like to say one thing. Go. Billy, text, but this bag. Wow. You can work in any station. They would love to have it. They would kiss your butt. Have you on any station down here? You know it. Boy, I love when people says this because his really frost management asks when somebody says something like this. Like, how would you've got a little fowling for yourself? You can go anywhere and get on the air just like that. And don't knock somebody else off to put you on. You can take Liz wild job. Oh my god. I like the name. Don't you hear some of that stuff, man. I got it right, man. Yeah, I never listened to shea. They're making around to be some kind of radio flood is what it is. Really? Yeah. And I don't know if they're making a set of stuff or not, but it sounds pretty disgusting to me. Well, they're probably encouraging her. Yeah, probably. Probably telling her to go be dirty. You ought to hear some of this stuff. You wouldn't believe it. Like, she said something about she's got the hardest, you know what's in radio? Really? Yeah. My, oh my. By from some club I was listening to, you know, she was announcing the band. She was Liz Wilde here with the, you know, just come to the things that just unbelievable. Yeah. I'll have to check this out. Turn it up real well. Oh, by the way, this is Ron with the music story that guy that's crazy about Penny Daniel's. Oh, Ron. Are you okay? Oh, fine. Now, sir, anybody else you have a good night? Well, now tell me why you're on the phone for you run Ron and you got this crush on Penny Daniel. What about yourself for Nandez? On channel six. She's nice. She's cute. Don't you think? Yeah, definitely. I like, I like CB2, but there's something about Penny Daniel's way she does the news. I don't know, just I don't know. So she's not like gorgeous or anything like Neil Ripney yesterday. Right. Right. This is her intelligence or something. Yeah, it's like, and she's got a great walk to her. She's got a great walk. She's got a great walk. Yeah. You should see her from the backside. I don't think she's offering in as is real cute. Not cute, real cute. Yes, I do. Okay. Yeah, I like CBK too. All right. I like to watch it over and over again. My VCR and pause when she takes her shirt off and now. See you, Ron. Bye. Okay. Now, can I move on six up to the before we take the break? Because line six, they have on the list here. They have boy, I tell you, when Bill Mullen comes in here, you know Neil's not here. Unbelievable. You know how to go. I don't like today, Bill. When Bill Mullen goes in here to eat boy, I tell you, this is quite a day. I told you, this was an incredible Friday we got going here. Now, I want to talk to line six because they have all the cities on the list here and Nick has typed the line six is chronic. So let's see what we find here. Hello. Chris. Yeah. This is chronic style dummy from the Reneri show. Crocodile Dumb D. Dumb D. Dumb D. Dumb D. We are not chronic on this show. No, but well anyhow, I wanted to say anyone thinks they can just walk in their off the street and do those kind of shows. You've done it. Well, yeah, but it wasn't, it's not an easiest people right. Let's think it might be. I know. You run out of things to say. No kidding. Don't they keep talking? Well, I think you're doing all right. Now, see, this is somebody that says, it's real different when you've done it. And we have five people in there. Yeah. You ran out of something to say, hopefully the one next to you would say something. Hopefully. Well, they're going to learn real quick crocodile Dumb D. I think dummy dummy. Dummy. Well, I'll find out. I know. Just like you did. I thought to say thanks for everything from you. I love this. He's a real fantastic lady there. I'm sure it is. Yeah, we're sure going to miss her. Won't be the same. Well, you're doing a great job, Ben. Thanks, pal. All right. Good night. Okay. Can we take a break now? We'll try to get it back together. And let's do this. We'll be right back. I'm a cut man. I know, but I trust you, Arthur. Let's get into a little change in the parade here today. You think that is a little hint to the audience. Maybe there's a change. Anyway, thanks to the bird for filling in. And the ripping management again. And they want to talk to you about it when you get off the air. Anyway, it's talk to honey. Just a job. You see, you know, listen, Johnny Dark got, what's his name? Super Dave Fire and while 100. Yeah. Now he's going to get your ass fired. I told people not to get me started. I said, don't. But you think you are. Steve came. I know. I heard that contrived crappiest today about Rick Leaver and about Hank Goldberg and their Picket on Steve and all it come on. Steve, give it a rest already. Where you who you kidding? It was incredible. It was so upset. Wasn't it? I've never seen him like that. And another is what? See, the actual truth on a Stephen Hank thing is that they're both full of crap. Okay. If you want to know the truth, they're both full of it. So the truth lies somewhere in the middle. Anyway, have we got a cup in there by any chance? Nick, we have any cups. Because I want to thank Wings Plusper having a food already for when I came in. Boy, we heard you guys say you were begging for people to come in and eat it. And I said to Norm, I said, you better step on the gang. You know what? I'm not going to be nothing left. Well, there's hardly anybody in the building. Yeah. Well, that's all right. You better govern yourself accordingly in the future. Wow. Anyway, I was in court this morning. And all I will say is that we came out very well. Good. And the judge issued a restraining order against Jack Thompson from coming within 500 yards of me. This radio station while I'm here, my home, my person, etc., which we feel is probably best for safety. We also agreed to give a mutual consent that we're not going to come to your hear me, there within 500 yards. Which I never have and have no desire to. But anyway, it turned out was very interesting. And we all govern ourselves accordingly. Thank you very much. Nice to see Cheryl and her eating the food this morning. That's very kind of you. 29 minutes. And you'll never guess who I ran into in front of the building this morning when I was waiting for my ride for my show for limo. Sally fits. What? What? What? What building? This building in front of this building. Oh, I said Sally, would you park on your own spots while they didn't get the hell out of here? Oh, she's very nice. Yeah. And she said, do you really think I'm as bad as you say on the air? And I said, not only that. No, I said not really. I said, you're in pain. It's okay. Do you? If I said Sally gives me a fit. How could I pass up on it? I said, it's just a radio show. She says, I don't like it. Hmm. I mean, she was, I think I got the message across her that we rip everybody on this show. But she's very nice. Very pleasant. I've never seen her. Never met her. No, she really is. I mean, you can't make a total judgment on somebody in a five minute conversation. But I found it to be very pleasant. I'm not going to say she's great on the air. But because she's not. No. But if I said, if I said she's great on air, she might send me the nice plant. I said, if I say something that I said, well, you send me a plant like Jane acre did. I explained her the whole thing about Jane. Oh, I did would say that Jane is a competent newsperson. She's not a bathing beauty, but she's good. She sent me this great bird of paradise. And it had some bird droppings in about him too. I think Sally might have put those in there. But Sally was very nice. I, you know, I was really shocked. I've never met her. Well, she was great. And then she got on the channel seven mobiles. She said, we have to go out and spy or something like that. And they were going to go on one of their, what are they call those things? One of their things with the cops, you know, or they find out revolutionary things like there are hookers on biscuit and boulevard and stuff like that. People things that people never heard of before. And they're there on the scene with what's the guy's name that's been dead 20 years that I can. Ralph Page man, he's on top of the job. Ralph is going to do one of those stories. I think it's a casket one of those days. Okay, like the eye of total hanging out of the channel seven helicopter. Looking down. Oh, yeah, this is Ralph up here. I see you guys. It's illegal. But anyway, they're really doing it over their channel seven. We want to congratulate them. And what else did I miss anything here this morning? Well, we had this thing. I had a lot to say, boy, about Steve's performance yesterday. No wonder Steve used to be an actor man. Incredible. He really should have wanted to catch him in whatever the list that it was incredible. Yes. What is this? Well, let's go. And I got something else to tell you. That's really going to this. I'll turn the show on its ear. Okay. Boy, what a day. Bill Calder hates you with a passion. Because because it was listening. Yes, well, I read this. It says I was driving the Orlando this morning and heard the brutal attack on the bird by Bill Calder and Lester. When Calder faded out, I punched up cool 105. But Bob Magistin is not the same. Bob Paul. Calder has yesterday. Her Mr. Ego for about 20 minutes talking about his great numbers and the hope Hank is right and kicks his ass and this. And Fat Rich said the birds are liar. Nice memo. Good job. Yeah. On the facts, Michelle. Now, Calder has called the show many times. He talked to them. That's your a jerk and a moron. Because I wish you that your egg would crack in half with you inside it. Now, what's the idea? Because yesterday, somebody I've made a comment about Steve from Hollywood called and how he's a chronic rig and a raccoon called or show and you chimed right in. Oh, and Lester called this morning. That's all like you were reporting or something like. Well, Lester called a childish tattle tail. You know, like a two mile. I just make a tour. I don't listen to call to that much when every time I tune it on, Lester's on. Well, that's a regular part of the show. Lester pays a whole set of me. I know. Well, that a rip. Well, Calder is very emotional about it. He is so hostile. He hates you like poison. Well, Lester. I call from Capri to last night right in the middle of the Cubs game. Speaking of everybody in their brother called me last night in the middle of the Cubs game. I'm going to start taking the phone off though. I can't stand it. I just should mention I did want to do an hour on a Cubs game today, but I'm sure it on time and incredible. Unbelievable. Victory, two outs in the night that he after they blow in the game. I mean, they left suck cliff in too long as usual. Blown the game. Eric Davis hits his two-run home for the reds were behind two to one. Two outs. Nobody on base. And it looks like you're excited about that. Now, let me do the break for specs because it's about one of my favorite movies. And then when we come back, we'll talk about Bill Cauder. And those of you on the phone, Buggoff. Okay, I'm not going to have. I've got a lot of things to talk about. And I see you got most of the lines a little bit up here very nicely. They've been very busy. Have they? I heard good calls like a crocodile dummy. I heard a and Johnny Dark. Anyway, when you go into specs in North Miami, you're going to be amazed because you're going to find literally thousands and thousands of video tapes. In fact, if you want to verify that I'm not a liar, you can start counting them now. Okay. And specs is definitely the place to go for music. And now, just tons of choices of movies too. Anything you want. Hit movies, classics, foreign movies, music videos, exercise tapes. Great movies like Oliver Stone's Talk Radio. Now, I didn't write this copy because if I were to call Talk Radio, a great movie, I would be a liar. Okay, it sucks. But anyway, it's another MCA home video release. And Dallas Talk Radio host Barry and if crossed out the last name here, they don't even know the last name. Barry Puppek played by Eric Bogosian, who's very ugly by the way. Discoveres one weekend to the Biscule and pushing people's buttons. It's one of the chance for national syndication. And it goes on and on. Barry and his fans, the lonely, the angry and the dangerous. Know that talk is not cheap, etc. And if you want to really kill a couple hours of your life, you'll go get this movie. It specs. It is one of the worst. Okay. It is so pondrous that you'll keep looking at your watch like every two minutes. And like every two minutes saying, please, when are they going to kill him already? When is it over? But it's, you know, it's a lot of laughs. You'll find the best seed in the house at specs stores in Carl Gable, South Day to the brand new specs at 1 24 15 Biscaine Boulevard in North Miami. Thousands of movies to render by that specs, which outfloored as largest lex the music now the place for movies too. And governor yourselves accordingly. Okay, 1237. At WID. At WID. At least we find you'll launch, right? Okay. Don't get that at FTO. So anyway, Carl just, oh, Steve's got open phones again today. Who's he going to be ripping today? Probably Joseph Gackie is going to attack the defense list today. That would be disgusting. Anyway, Carl is very very upset. You know how emotionally he gets worse than me. He's, well, I don't want to get worse than me. He is. He's worse than me. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a bad guy. It's a good guy. He's very good guy. He's a good guy. Well, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. And he's a good guy. He's so good. What do you think of this? Like, he's a good guy. I mean, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. But that's what he says. So if you look at these people, he's a good guy. You know, I've heard all these people tickling all over you here today. And what they fail to understand is that they're a, it's got nothing to do with me. But there's a growing number of people out there that hate you. So Caprieta calls me last night in the middle of the Cubs game long distance he's wandering around somewhere in northern California is somewhere by the way the company that owns that station Seattle is not Ganard it's Gennett that all this is USA today out of Rochester so another lie that you told on the year another nasty rumor Caprieta oh he hates you too by the way I don't think I'm with it on the air he does I don't think I said me that love 94 this is the audience is gonna pass out when they hear this love 94 you could not go on the air until you set up your little feebee case display every morning and you had feebeys picture and there was like candles or I don't know what it was on them and then at the end of the show you would take it down and put it in your briefcase you used to go through this ritual every day on the year now that can't be true it can it even as we have this expert psychologists that we just were talking of this morning he would be delighted to come in here I'm sure and analyze you but you talk about looking for trouble now even if it were true what does that have to do with my performance on the air what difference no they had nothing to do with the performance on here just one of the reasons he hates you what is that said yeah there's always ftl yeah uh hey take care guys thank you very much and covering yourselves you know they are very exaggerated I had some pictures and it was no swine there was no display and it was no routine or anything like that had some pictures but they used to talk about these people looking for trouble you had some pictures and what did you used to do with them nothing why mean were worth it well I don't want you to feel like you're on the witness and the same came from corume that I worked in in the news room there was a picture more worth it well they would wherever you know it was nothing I can't believe he's saying this years later this is the best he can come up with this sounds like somebody I used to work with with the David Cassidy pictures no I don't want to mention anybody's name now this is the best this is the the the biggest atrocity that I have committed against society is the best they can do no I'm sure we can come up with some other ones I'm just passing information along just amazing and anyway this job that he allegedly had you're pretty up in Seattle they put him up in a hotel room or something see when he went out there he called me and he said it looks pretty good I think I've got there you know not he had a job but like it was kind of nebulous and it sounded kind of funny to me you know and he had been driving 400 miles away from Seattle because the general manager have been telling him to wait in this and that and then I don't know he kind of like felt through it and Nick yes today remember you gave me that message for Capriita to call the guy who's a general manager so he called him last night and that's the last I heard from so I don't know what's happened with Captain Dave but that's a little reprispy report for the audience well made for you maybe he should be concerned about his own because he and Bill called her both are disgusted with you like the last they called him too you know like um so does that I mean I just heard Johnny dark thing and Crocodile dummy within a couple of minutes of each other that was pretty embarrassed I just said that's all I said I mean I told Lester it wasn't even around I heard that bit about the one I go on vacation and I I told them I said you are perfectly capable of doing the week why did they have to screw around of course that was until I started hearing all these other things but I was a sandwich is great today for us when we came up somehow my blood pressure got up and what about that what somebody agitated you in the block of tour in the audience who want to start it and I said I heard a book kissing don't get me not kissing but not but kissing but it's a thing what's I heard it was disgusting I didn't tell anything you could be at any station you want and you can hold your own with anybody and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah it was you know and basically Nick is right about that I got to be honest Nick isn't right about too much but he is absolutely right about that that the colors like when Steve comes on and he rips it a hand can he rips it a ring and all the people call up a greenwood Steve then hand comes on at 605 rips into Steve and all the people call up and agree with hand okay people are just but kissing they just know we appreciate themselves with whoever is on here even if it's a monkey they don't care I know that's or it's me get a monkey thank God you miss the chronics what they were what they were on today couple were they on couple couples you got me honest with me couple scattered a writing a message on the board Ed oh jays and I'm eating lunch now and I heard Johnny dark with that syrupy but kissing call I mean Johnny dark's the same guy that got super day fire now I'm telling he's gonna work you'll be oh the dark lady was on I asked her to call because I haven't heard from her in months doesn't have it on that's true you're right she's a ask her to call I don't mind her call I've never been upset with her you know that robin that the oh she's never her she's been gone for a long time and we had a big discussion why's your green shirt called that did I say that three times on this show that's what I like you man called right in the morning call me what did he say we can fronted me well talking about about me ripping him can front it ripping him yes you ripping all you did was say he called in you didn't rip that's what I said I'll lester bag it what yeah and I said lester I don't remember I think your shirt lester and pick some winners and get out of our lives okay lester I even gave them a heart brush your teeth too I gave them a heart hey I got news for you we got one card this is the honest to goodness truth for lester okay where the hell is this you know no I'm sure we got one card for him you want to miss it back a little bit your lester's very bad chicken liver yellow belly anything about come to suck in douche I didn't say anything about him I didn't say anything about the show yes oh is that my check well how nice share I forgot all about it you could left town with it and I never would have known the difference thank you that's so nice but please govern yourself accordingly what well please finish up always he here well isn't that wonderful tell him I'll see him in one o'clock I'm serious tell him don't go anywhere because I'm gonna see him in one o'clock in fact you may go back for a few minutes okay well yeah this is kind of fun today how do you like it so far color okay okay don't you don't try the a vocal I what do you think yeah right it's the same no matter what we did in bokeh it would be the same response every day you know you could have just had a coronary here on the air and it would be the same silence rower you're not in different are you check no it can't be the clarinet no I'll tell you think this is the Glenn Hills show we're gonna go back now you can go ahead suggest a joke I appreciate no I was with you sad okay plus I want to get this call out of the way fast you can give me me a little bit of nothing not controversial here I just wanted to tell Glenn that I listen to both you and I listen to Glenn when he's other to the you he's fine right in competent but he's fine and I think that he holds audiences as well as you do in a different way yeah and he I intimidate them he's refreshing I heard that the other day you refreshes them and I intimidate that right well it's for fun you know it's just a radio show well he was on a control you got to admit that he was getting a little bit of watermelon headed you admit that don't you well I wanted it out of the skin as long as all feet wasn't afraid of say things uh-huh and I think the program director over there should understand that there are different personalities the program director let me say this to you with all the respect the program director here couldn't understand anything it was like he is so dumb that if you look up the word ignorant is an dictionary his picture a big picture it's like a full page in the dictionary with Gary Bruce okay I mean he is he's so dumb it's frightening even he when he gets out of my looks in a mirror and he just puts a it goes nuts he's got that more to more to more to more to more snored complex enjoy the show when you both on it okay okay okay okay everything is just fine if he just minds his piece and cues and shuts up he's just fine yeah but that's not a real well now I'm just kidding I'm just exactly how do you give me a break I have a great weekend that a boy okay yeah listen to him just the shut your stuff okay 12 now they hate you man you know I know I that's what I've been talking about when we were in court this morning Disney had a picture of you and he kept sticking these little dolls and kind of like the one that's a gackie's got a Steve that he keeps sticking those little pins into please have some wings there Steve aren't they great I'm having a little sandwich here which just uh hits the nail on the end for me today after very interesting and successful morning good anyway it's 1247 at Wiod what am I going to a call for see how compulsive this is I just took that one and you get in the rhythm of that does that happen to you when you're like in a middle of a whole thing and you take one and then all of a sudden you get that like uh by wrote you start punching buttons I'm not ready to talk to these people yeah well calm down I got lots of stuff to talk about it it's a hell of a lot more like that call that he have anything important come on be honest even though he kissed your butt on both cheeks did he have anything important to say you know we would have been okay without it yeah we could have lived with I mean you're not don't take it personally I'm sure the guys upset we could live without it okay well I mean you're a great guy but life would have gone on right but he just wanted to give you a little vote of confidence and kiss your butt he was because he was on hold from before yeah from before I came back to save the show 12 minutes before now Sally's a nice person she really is you're there because I never met I think I got a confess one thing and I was thinking about this I sometimes we come on a year we really rip into somebody because it's fun we all like to do that and you don't know them you know I mean you've never met them and then you meet them and they turn out to be really nice and then you feel bad about it man and when she said I don't like it and she didn't do it in a nasty way she was kind of like laughing but like in other words she's a little sensitive about it and and I said well maybe you need some time off to recharge your battery haha ran into the channel seven building screaming and yelling something I don't know what I want now she's nice oh good that doesn't mean I'm not gonna pick on her because Sally does give me fits how how can you pass on that it's a natural you know but I think she just understands the spirit like the like the woman from the fun Sentinel I spoke to the other night I was here the other day and I was having an animated not an argument the animated discussion with her on the phone she's writing this alleged story in sunshine and I said to her don't you understand this is a stick she says but you are rude and you do chop people up she says you chopped into me when I was sitting in there I said you didn't take that seriously did you and she said well and I said now wait a minute yeah because we were laughing you know I know and I said were you just got to listen like two three hundred times before you begin to understand it okay 1249 right well look at Steve he's in a much better frame of mind but most of it out of his system yesterday I heard a good deal of it like I said much of it was true there was something that was BS but you have to read between the lines but it was good theater as they said yes it was it was outstanding and I didn't hear any of sports talk last night I forgot to turn it on would they respond no they didn't respond at all they were gentlemen who was on Ossani no sonny's on vacation Joe well Joe's always a gentleman I don't know why you have picked on him I said before it's like picking on the defenseless he can't handle and he gets a little upset but he's a good guy really is boring but a good guy and he and I'll say one thing for Joe as much as you pick on him he doesn't uh show for certain people and franchise the way some of the people who I can think of okay well I don't want to get into it I mean you know I don't want to start talking about them on a year because thanks my best friend no I guess not well you know it's at 45 cent ticket that he was going to pay 240 to show or the