We're getting to the season, the trip is all We're getting to the season, the ride is still the whole Yeah, it's just an off the floor We're getting on some way walk We're getting light things, we're in the night We're high in the face, but we're not getting night We're getting the feeling, we can't be caught Yeah, it's just an off the floor Oh, and I'm sorry, we won't leave No problems, and yet you're found Where are you little stars? We go sweet, we go sweet I wonder if we can hold you I'm a love of the clouds, so I've had to write down the story I'm a heart of an empty room I'm a friend of the same, you're the same I'm a lonely guy, you see, full of It's written on a star's with love Oh, and I'm sorry, we won't leave Oh, and I'm sorry, we won't leave I'm sorry, we won't leave We don't love it, now that's my name We're the lonely path, all the red waves So we're riding night, and then we're going to the full Yeah, it's just an off the floor It's written on a star's with love Oh, and I'm sorry, we won't leave No, you're the same, you're the same You're the same, you're the same We're holding up, I'm sorry, we won't leave We're holding up, we're holding up We're holding up, we're holding up And don't forget Steve's guest today and other one of these really contrived work done. This one, I'm telling you, they must have sent out a search party to find the guest for this show. I dated a mass murderer, is the topic and it's a woman whose high school sweetheart turned out to be a mass murderer, Sandra London, who's not trying to help her exploit friend right at books as the state is trying to shut him up and she says he never stole a freight train. Okay. And then on sports talk, Rick Weaver and Joseph Gacky, live from Calico Jax will be really doing a magnificent tap dance when they discuss the dolphins incredible almost unspeakable performance against the oilers on Saturday and then the Red Sox and the Yankees at 8 o'clock. Okay, let's take one in Miami. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Great. I'm a first time caller a long time listener, also a long time club fan. Well, listen, they're going to get a lot better before it gets worse. Yeah, that's true. There's two times. Yeah, there's still a first place. That's all accounts. What do you think about Mr. Walton? 30 games on a row. He's just incredible. In fact, when he got on Thursday night, was it Thursday when they won the third game from the Reds when they blown the lead in the eighth inning and Eric Davis hit the home run and then the top of the night when Walton got that two-out single of knock in the tying into winning runs. He's just been incredible. I mean, he's going to win rookie of the year by so far. It's not a contest. There's much of a fan of the contest as I am. I think he might be a little bit overrated. I don't know. Um, overrated. Overrated. The rookie is hitting about three, twelve. He's played brilliantly. He's played brilliantly defensively. He's hitting 30 consecutive games, which is a longer streak in all of the majors this year in the longest and cup's history. And you're telling me he's overrated? Yeah, he won't want for five last night. Oh, I see. In other words, in other words, every game he's got to get two or three hits, right? Right. Does that what you're saying? Every game he's got to get. I guarantee you there's games that Babe Ruth went over five, okay? Oh, yeah. I'm just like a club and look, Gary and Ted Williams and Joe de Mazio. I mean, you have to be, you have to be joking, aren't you? No, I'm not joking. He went one for five and so he's overrated. No, I'm not just talking about that one day. I mean, I always had a couple other bad days too, yeah. Yes. I'm, let me tell you this. Okay, you're a jerk, all right? One, 34 at W. I do. I mean, why am I wasting my time to see the music was great? This is what you get down here. Oh, he's overrated. He was one for five last night. Well, how about Dawson? Okay, is he overrated? He had five for 64, be five, be 40, finally broke out of his slump. Does that mean he's overrated? I mean, he's no deroll strawberry. Mr. Hustle out there and right field. Well, I'm telling him, and if the ball is like six feet in front of him, you know it's going to drop it. See, he doesn't like to bend down. Which I'm sure a lot of you have got great lines you could use for that, but Deroll just doesn't like to bend out. He doesn't like to get his uniform dirty. And he doesn't like to work up his sweat. Now, if you take those three things away, man, he really is a hell of a player. And I think he had a good point that if the rest of the team would hustle like him, they probably be in first place. Okay, 135. I mean, you know Kevin McRannell, he's always got that same boring look on his face. But, you know, forget about the fact that he won't have the games for him with clutch. It's nobody cares about that. With Deroll, he's Mr. Personality, you know, he's always got that skull on the kind of like will clerk. Only you don't hit like will clerk. Anyway, it's 135 at WIOD. We want to tell you about the pizza law. Now, Jeff, if you missed the show earlier, Jeff from pizza law, it's called it in verified that the Neil Rogers saw stadium pack is legal for stadium entry. So those of you provoked tours out there that want to start a big song in advance and try to give us some story that they're not legal. You're nuts. Okay. In fact, Jeff verified he called he took the names that addresses of the people who bought the stadium packs and he contacted them and they said, they got into the stadium. Some of them had regrets that they went in. But it had nothing to do with the soft pack. It had to do with the ball game. Anyway, this is a great idea instead of having to stand in long lines of the concession stands behind a bunch of sweaty, drunk at obnoxious fans. When you go to the Dolphins or Hurricane Games or concert, it's all you do is pick up a pizza drop you call ahead and they'll have it ready for you when you arrive. Your Neil Rogers saw stadium pack and choose from subs like Meatball, Chicken, Vio, Eggplant, Parmesan, sausage, fresh cold tuna and the packing includes fresh garlic rolls, plates, napkins, utensils, the whole stick and it's only five bucks. So next time you're brave enough to go to a Dolphin or Hurricane's game, you call pizza loft and they'll have it ready for you when you pick it up. 266, 5111. That's 266, 5111. They'll have it ready for you when you pick it up. Is that making awful out of sense too? They'll have it ready for you when you stop by. Like I said, when you get there it'll be ready. And when you're there, be sure to register to win a free Dolphins regular season parking pass. No purchase necessary, 10 free dinners at PizzaLoft also going to be given away. And we'll be drawing the winners in just a few days. So be sure and stop by as soon as possible for some of the finest pizza and Italian dishes in town. PizzaLoft. 6, 10, come on you fire young. 39, a WIOD. We have an opening in Broward, somebody just expired when we came back. 5, 2, 4, WIOD and Palm Beach, Shelo. Hey Neil. Yeah. I was watching the Ned Smith show with this side. Can't go for a glass of ink. The Sandy Beach show. Yeah. And Hank comes on at the end of the show for a few comments. And all you talked about was every team's eyes have gone to the series. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for that stuff. I told you that already. And I guess I could expect you to. But they put his horse up and called her the other day. He got, you know, the horse that finished the head is got disqualified. So he loves called her now. Oh, he's not in the take them down to the other side. No, he's a big uncolored. Oh, I'm a red crack. The head for a winner. I don't know what to deal with him. But he had his four dots monitoring. Because I was saying it's just that. It's a home run. He's like, oh, yeah. I can't believe it. He's like going on. And then he says, well, I would never reach for a team on the earth. Yeah, right. I guess that's him. What is he working over there, bro? He's like filling in when somebody wants to day off. Because he's just the worst. Okay. He's a big fan of the show. And he thinks that I'm his buddy or something. I, he's terrible. I mean, maybe a nice guy. I don't know. But he's just awful on the year. I mean, the worst. In fact, when he was, you remember when he was on GBS. And they did the hurricane baseball games. Him and Joe Crohn. And they had to keep poking Joe and the ribs. He kept following the sleep in the middle of the games. Was embarrassing. Yep. And that he says, like at the end, he's been well. I'm not really a med fan. I'm just rooting for him every day. Just another obnoxious New Yorker. And he's taking shots at Channel 6, that the new sportscasters even though they're terrible anyway. But he's taking shots at him. I don't think that's right. Right. What does that say for him? Well, if I were so young at 2 AM, man, I feel real powerful too. Hi, that's about it. Okay. Thanks to the report. All righty. See ya. 1-41 at WOD. You know, reminds me, I mentioned the other day that Friday, when I came in early because I had that thing in court. And I come in Friday morning at about 7.30. And who should pull up in front of the building and a parking lot here was Sally Fitz. And, you know, we were joking and kidding and chatting and whatever. And she made a comment about, do you really think I'm as bad as you say? And I said, Sally, don't you understand? It's part of the stick, you know? And she said, I don't like it. And we had it. I mean, she wasn't hostile, but it was just, and she's a nice person. She's really a really nice person. You know, I mean, as much as you can tell about somebody from habit of 10 or 15 minutes talk, she seemed like a nice person. And now I feel bad because I don't really want to hurt people's feelings, but at the same time, if she's not important enough for me to rip her, then she, you know, then that would be a worsen song. You follow what I'm saying, Sally, because you do give me fits. But she is nice, you know? She's not Joan Loughett, but that's another story. Okay, 1-42. And then I'm, isn't this pleasant? You know, we haven't heard Phoebe Cates name mention once today, and we didn't have anybody come in with their little Phoebe Cates blow up doll and set up their little love. You weren't here, Rich wasn't here the other day, but to pre-to-called me, I confronted the bird with this the other day. He said, when he was at love 94, when they worked together over there, before he would go on the ear in the morning, the bird used to have this little ritual. Yet Phoebe pictures and he had this whole little thing that he had us set up on the desk in front of me before he could go on the ear every day. And then when he would get done, he would very carefully take it all down and put the pictures in the right place and pack it all up there. I think the word I'm looking for is fetish. Would that be the appropriate fetish obsession? Volca, hello. How you doing now? Okay. I wanted to point out the one of the persons from Rochester called, you noticed that she flipped in that she goes, hum, hum every year. Your little chair says, 1966, but she goes, hum, to ride you. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, it's a live series, you know? 23 years she's been here. Amazing, isn't it? How you got it? You got to stop and think though, somebody asks you where you're from, like if you're on a plane in St. Louis or in Chicago, you know, you're reluctant to say Miami because they look at you like with a fear of death. I always get that question with you, you mean originally? Yeah. Found for Boston. I want to give you a warning about Don Zimmer. Oh, you are from Boston. Yeah. Well, I lived in Boston for a couple of years that he had nice to go home once in a while. Absolutely. Just a joke. But you got to be careful about Jim's app. Come on, he's doing a great job. So he's getting hysterically is overmanaging. Now I can't help it. And I should say he's got that curse. He's a good baseball man. That's what everybody says. He's got this thing about self-destructing. Right at the end. Yeah. Just watch. You know, this is about bringing in just Pico or whatever's now. Oh, man. I mean, Pico, I got to be honest. I'm not exaggerating. Pico is so bad. I think they could get a kid from the little leagues who could do better than Pico, you know. He's just, he's awful. He just can't get anybody out. And then how far the car's going? Whether it be the last series of the season on the prayer, maybe that crucial point. And then it's going to freak out and make a move. It just can't believe. Well, I think he did on the thing he did Friday when they walked the bases loaded in the night feeling. I mean, you just, there's two outs. There's runners on first and second. And when you put first of all, you're bringing a kid like Pico, who's erratic and has bad control to begin with. You have him walk him in intentionally. Now there's always the danger he's going to walk the winning run in which he did. But there's also the danger. You put the winning run on third. You can throw a wild pitch of passball and air. There are like about a dozen more ways that the winning won can score by putting them at third instead of second. That's exactly what happened. I've never, I just never heard a such a thing before. I mean, if there runners on second and third, I can understand. He walked the guy, you know, to load the bases. But now it was runners on first and second and pushing somebody over to third. He walked my words. It's a come up with a fine baseball moves on a really cow. Well, I'm preparing myself for it. I'll be ready. OK. And I've done it this recurring nightmare. I want to share with you. Rick, we were at John's German bike at the anything together. Hey, I want to tell you something. And this is in all honesty. I turned on our station yesterday in the car, just as the Yankee game had ended. And Sterling was going to go into the post game show. It's the worst. Now, I'm going to tell you, I don't know what that man is on or what his problem is. But when he goes into the post game show, he's bad enough during the game. But when he goes into that post game scoreboard, they're all of these long, long pauses. And it's like he can't get his act together. And then he'll finally get through the summary of one game. And there'll be he'll be gulping and puking. And there's another long, and then finally he'll get out of the next game. And by the time he gets through, man, you could plot by the time he gets through with all the scores. And he just, he is the worst. So it can be worse than that when he goes to J. John's or whatever insignificant interview, he's running. Yeah. And when they try to be comedians together, man, that's really the best. But I tell you one thing, though, Steinbredder and John's Sterling, they deserve each other. Really. Why don't you have the gym? Is it going to get you? OK. Right. Well, I hope he's wrong, but he could be right. 146 at WOD. The office pool today is he'll be managing the Yankees on Wednesday. That's what our office pool is. Because the buckies, though, in three now, things are looking pretty. I'm pretty grim for poor bucky. Anyway, we want to tell you about the bizarre. And I'm going to be, I guess, this Wednesday, if I'm still working here, a 3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard, two miles west of I-95 and a four-later day, will be there doing the show. What am I saying? We, I'll be there alone doing the show. Fat Rich is going to show up because there'll be free food from the International Food Court. And over 500 shops in the bizarre and the great part of it is it's all under air-conditioned roof. Well, now it's not under the air-conditioned roof. It's under a roof, so it's air-conditioned inside. Whoever wrote this copy, no admission charge, lots of reparking, 3.2 miles of... It is the 25-year-old. 149 WOD. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, how you doing? Good, how are you? OK. This is the fan, be I just wanted to say that. I'm going back to school. I've been game-solid. I just wanted to thank you for your show this summer. I thought it was terrific. In gamesville, oh, man. I guess it's not. I don't think I've ever been in gamesville. I may have driven through there. Is it really as bad as it sounds like it is? It's pretty bad. And I found much to do it. Pretty redneck. Pretty redneck. Does it? Isn't it? Yeah, it is. Really? A lot of Yahoo's up there. That's for sure. And you'd like Bernal Lotta crosses on a weekend and stuff like that. Well, yeah, sometimes I like to bring out my black cape and being a friend of the administration building in Bern for office. Yeah, kind of fun. Yeah. Then anyway, thank you. OK, well, listen, call us from up there once in a while. Call us, collect and keep in touch with reality here. Or whatever this is. OK, I'll try it. OK, good luck. Thanks. Bye. Well, isn't she nice, boy? After all these depressing calls, now we had a lot of good calls. Today I got to be honest. We had a little luller in the middle. And of course, I couldn't buy a call. So I had to go to music. Anyway, I want to thank Jerry again for sending me. I can't get over this. It's framed. I mean, like an expensive, beautiful frame. And the Jerry Shapiro sent me this great picture. Cubfan Budman, it's Harry. And behind him is this gigantic Budweiser can. It's just, I'm going to take that home. And just fondle it and put it on the wall. So, all renders, protests. Remember that saying about, while Rome was burning, in Europe was spiddling, that's where it is here at WIO Day, constantly. Like day in and day out. It could be like, like the whole building could be in flames. And they'd be off at some executive lunch somewhere, eating a free meal. Miami, hello. Yes, sir. You know what you've said about one to person, not there? You know what's bad about you, sir, is that you've got all those mop, Davy? Hello? Yes. Yeah, and yeah, listen, I'm calling you about the Fridres because I heard you mentioned before. Yeah, I hope that woman still listening. Well, whatever, I just got an invoice from the midnight. Don't have a friend of mine who happens to be a farming in school. Worker there and he told me you don't stay in a chance unless you will fly for the three days, which I did. 60, 65 bucks quite frankly, what they're doing is putting up grandstands at the top of the stretch and also at the clubhouse turn. And for three days, I mean, you have to take the three days, or you'll never get a ticket. That's essentially it. OK. I'm a horse player and quite frankly, I don't have a not a heavy hit or a bite of the same token. I don't appreciate the fact they give out a town in whichever it's told preference. What do you mean they give them preference? Well, if you write them, why would they hear where you're from? Because quite frankly, it's an inducement for people to come down here and it ties into the general safety economy. I mean, I don't know. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. How many people are we talking about? Oh, God. 2000. You're going to have thousands of people. No, but wait a minute. How many people could they possibly fit in there? 50,046, I mean, you know, it's 50,060,000. But how many is that? I'm a liver. That's it. Well, what does that have to do with the economy, though? You know, that's what I was told. Well, I really and truly can't take a B.I. I don't want to hear that. I was on the Saratoga this past weekend and quite frankly, if you're looking for a place to go on vacation, I think Saratoga and if you enjoyed the track, it's the garden's part of the world. Yeah. How about Delmar? Delmar, New York. No, California. Oh, California. Oh, I haven't been there. I've been here. I need to, I've been a finger-like up and up state of New York. Well, who has it, yeah? I need her, you to say. That's beautiful. I love it. What? Finger-laces beautiful? I think it's finger-laces like a cow-pass. It's a comma. No. I was there the day that it opens. Sure. And I've been there probably a hundred times. It is the most primitive, the most silly looking race track that was ever, it's like, it is. It's a cow-pass. That I can't. Beautiful. And I know what? The grandstander, like it's a joke. Well, it's true. You're right about it. You're telling me it's beautiful? Well, you talk about a guy getting emotional and carried away with himself and nostalgia. I enjoy horse racing. Well, I do too. I mean, don't give me wrong. I enjoy going to Finger-laces if you enjoy watching $15 and you're watching the cameras, you know, to have bandages on their head. But, you know, it's not exactly Belmont, you know? It's true. And to that, I went to school in Rochester. Well, don't get started again. We'll get the bird. You might have spies. No, no, no. How is it? I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. The only good part about winners up there when you're in school, when you're a kid growing up and you look out the window every morning and it's snow is like building to five and ten and twenty foot drifts. And you know, you're going to listen to the radio and I'm going to call off school for like four or five days in a row. That's the good part. You know, when I love the bad part, you can never get out of the house. I like festival. Yeah. With one to four. Yeah, those ten days when the weather is good every year, it's you can't be. Okay, listen, good luck to you. Thanks for the information. Okay. Even though I think it may be a wrong one, 54, right? W.I.O.D. Dearfield. Hello. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Who's this? Lana. Turner? No. How old are you, Lana? 11. 11. 11. I used to not like you might have listened to you and to be all the time. Yeah. It's not like you used to think that you were mean to some people. Yeah. But now you're okay. Now I'm okay. Well, I've meloded my old age. You know, when you get as old as I am, Lana, you start getting real melo. Right? Yes. Well, listen, when you go back to school in just a few days, huh? Yeah, Monday. I'm four throughout. Monday? Oh, you're thrilled to be going back? Yeah. Yeah. I guess it gets kind of boring after while. Well, sometimes, yeah, but it's okay. I kind of like this show. It gets boring just sitting around. I'll buy yourself. You like to have some excitement. Right. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, enjoy it while you can because it's just another week, right? I went to a good new world this weekend. Uh-huh. I just got back. It was packed. Yeah. Find the two hours for food. Just like here, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I can't believe I'm in that through to you. You're just even ever I call you. I don't like I don't think he's going to be up to go. And then, but this time I finally got it. Well, I'm sure glad you did. I hope you have a great little vacation. I'll have to go back to the next week. I'll have to go back to the next week. Okay. Okay. Bye, Lann. Bye. Isn't that great? The young people that are calling you day like 10 or 11 years old are brighter than the ones three times the rate. 155 at WIOD. Right. And some of our management people, but we don't want to go into that. In fact, if there are any of you little kids, you remember what was that movie? I keep referring to it. I can never think of the name of it. We're all the kids took over the government, you know? And, uh, all you know the movie I'm talking about. Glenn would remember if he were here. Luckily, he's not. But anyway, uh, the bottom line is I, what is it? Lude, Lude and Lissivia. Lude, Lord of the flies. Is that it? I don't know. That could be, I don't know. I'm Ben on names and movies. By the way, we didn't get one call and then he and the cruiser's part too, which I'm really disappointed. I would have thought somebody else would have gone and seen it. Unless you loved the first one. If you did love the first one, go and see it because you knew they're had to be a sequel. But regardless, you're going to be disappointed because it's a horrendous movie. But anyway, that could have been at Lord of the flies. And it was where the kids all took over and all these teenagers and people in their 20s were like running the government and everything. And maybe that's what we should do here at WIWD. We could bring it a bunch of like nine, ten and eleven year old kids and put them in Disney's office and boy Gary and certainly spike wise because there's already a nine year old mentality over there. And that could they do any worse? At least they might show up once in a while, okay? Boy, those people are like a wild in the streets. I think that was the one I'm talking about here. Here's a Broward. Hello. Yes. I wanted to know if the radio station knows that the mothers of children are going to pick the radio station because of Steve's. The mother's of children? Yes, that listen. I don't understand. Don't all children have mothers? No. It's just the strange the way you said that. The mothers of children. The kids that are listening to Steve shows every day in their rooms. How do the mothers know that they're listening? If the mothers don't like it, they should stop them, shouldn't they? But the kids are on stop. Why not? They're going to wait a minute. They're going to pick it me. Not you. Oh. For what? What is this going to happen? I don't want to miss this. They're getting together now. They're getting together now. Right. And they're going to pick it to station because it's Steve's. Harble shows. It's at this grace. No, well, you mean one in particular are all of them. All of them. He hasn't got a clean show yet. Right. Well, I guess you haven't missed any of them because you can give us a chapter by chapter. First by blow by blow. If you've pardoned that. That's why we're listening. Roll the weird mind. All the way to men. Are you monitoring? They're monitoring. They're monitoring. Okay. Well, I'm sure glad I'm not the only one that has monitors out there. This is reaper. Now I feel better because misery loves company. What do you try to prove? What am I? I'm just listening to what you're saying. I'm not trying to prove anything. You miserable old bitch. 158 at WIO day. Now wasn't that nice? Didn't you like you as soon as you heard the first. Uh, awful tones of her. Craggy voice. You knew exactly what you were dealing with. They were pecking all the bananas. They're all in. And what about it? I got news for you. You had it turned up so loudly. You were getting a good vibrations. Okay. You don't have to worry about her batteries running down. Well, that's going to do it here on a wonderful Monday and a trip and really great been with you for these 13 and a half years, but. Uh, uh, uh, uh. I think I could go into the shoe shine business and just, all the way out into feet for a big okay? A lot of people have smelly feet. So I'll think it's something. But anyway, Chuck Myers got the 2 o'clock WIO denuzen and Steve has got his. Um, bizarre guest and her, um, boyfriend who I think was in that movie Halloween for something last night. And then, uh, we got sports talk, Rick and Joe are going to be doing their alibi, eyed routine at 605 and a red socks in the aches at eight. So have a great day and, uh, got only knows what's going to happen tomorrow. Thank you.