I'm a cup then, I know but man, I trust you, Arthur. Okay, that's what we've seen this morning. 10.5, a WIO day. It's a very quiet Wednesday and all the powers that be are allegedly in meetings. That's the excuse. They're all in big corporate powers. If there's anybody who wonders, by the way, why very frequently on the show, we quench about the WIO, these sales crew and their mental state, the corporate sales consultant is in a building again today. He was here yesterday. He used to be our general manager at WIO and Z. I'm not going to mention his name because I go into shock when I mention his name. I start hyperventilating and going nuts. By the way, the ratings are out to trends. Reneri went through the roof this time. He just did so well. I like you said, next time you're probably going down a little bit and then they'll start talking about it. See, it's interesting. The trend came out yesterday and you notice how they're not from here. They had a great job. I would ease up to a five, four. This is probably the first time that they had three upbooks in a row in the centuries. Since they had the wireless. But conveniently, they're out of the building. These big meetings. I think what it is is they're taking like 10 days off for a memorial day as what it is. There's a question. Yes, there's not any question. I mean, we're sitting around the computer yesterday afternoon, waiting for all this crap to finally come out of there. And they're not even in the building. They're not even in touch. They've already left. Haven't they for the long-remoiled day? Well, they're in meetings. Oh, a ledge. Now, it's possible that they are having meetings out there in a golf court. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. They're always playing golf. I'm serious. It's with no balls. Ha ha. It's a incredible part of it. It's really something to watch as guys out swinging it air. Ha ha. OK. That kind of looks like Sean Dunston at the plate. Although Sean did hit a home run last night. We don't want to get carried away. But for all you Metz fans, the Cubs are a game ahead. They're in first place this morning. So I'm taking a picture of the standings. Now speaking of standings, our horses, yes, they are so running. But we finally wise up, we're going to stop picking out of the sun, setin' and that's why we had a little slump. Because they're graded entries, man. I don't know who makes those. But I think they've got somebody who had his brain removed in San Diego a couple years ago. Speaking of that, I see your pick is in a second race today. Pick is a chalk. Final cat would Steve Gaffleon. Oh boy. Not for me. Not with my money. But I guess we'll get to hear that later on. And mom picking into seventh race, Katie Overse Street with Mike Gonzalez. First of all, it's a short field. Second of all, he's picked right on top. And thirdly, I need another winner desperately. So I'm fine. That's where I am. Is that a sprint? I hope that six for a long, silly. That looks pretty good. OK. And that's Hailea, which closes Sunday, by the way, that'll be closing day, a free admission and call to her, be open for just forever. Yeah. And we'll get out there on the summer. Yeah. And then some. Also, Steve today has got a very unusual thing. He's got another rabbi on. And one he never has on his show. Myrkah Hanah is back again. No, I don't even want to read that. I'm going to read it. Leave your wonderful guy. But I don't want to read that. I'm not going to. It's disgusting. Now, Renery went through the roof and the trends. He just went nuts. And we went up a little bit again. You know, it's, well, it gets to a certain point where it's a lot of diminishing returning. You can only go, didn't I tell you the other day? Yeah. You can only go so high. We're not going to go keep going up forever. But I know. Now, on the one trend, when we do start going down, that'll be the one when they don't have any meetings. They will be in the building for that. Oh, yeah. They'll be here that day. Wow, gee. It looks like he's kind of peaked out now. I don't know. I better have a talk. I think that that eating on the years is getting out of hand. And I don't know. Maybe it was just a mistake in a first place. Yeah. Because he don't get along with a sales department and that sales consultant, you know, is good to be the eyes. They don't get along. So they're probably, you know, be here the next trend comes out. But anyway, we'll take a little time now. Those of you who don't care about the ratings, let's see a little flash on the phone and get rid of these first two. Okay. So, well, we're ready for you to call. Well, let's, you know, okay. Let's go into impress us. Oh, one of them was a spy report. Well, I'll call back. Everybody who is sick and tired of hearing us take a lot of time about the ratings and things that's been outness and boring. You better like the lines right now and we'll just skip it. Okay. There's three, four, five, six, seven. Everything but Palm Beach is, um, lit. But that doesn't count. Does it? Palm Beach. You take those into account too? I don't know. I don't know either. Yeah, that's Palm Beach. So I guess they're anxious to hear about it in Palm Beach. Or they just don't care about anything. That's fine. All right, just a second. Now, there goes Palm Beach is either in outside. Oh, they hate it. Oh, they hate it. They're sick and tired of it. Okay. We cleared all those lines. Now those of you who are, now come on. Don't mookie around here in Boka. Remember that day I couldn't, it was like putting out brush fires. Cut it out. What it? All right. Oh, geez. Oh. When you wanted to call, I'm there. Look at that. I said that's enough. Every line. Now what is this? What are you calling for? Yeah, see. Yeah, yeah. Palm Beach. Hey, how you doing? You say what, sir? Like I said. Oh, God. God. God. Oh, they're not even listening. They're not. Here's proof. It's only taking me 13 years plus in this market to determine the reason why when we bring something up, they never respond to it. Because they're not paying any attention anyway. We're like the test pattern. We're just there in the background. Yeah, that's how they know there's still a lie. That was incredible. Now you said that we can only go so high in the ratings. But I noticed that one certain day can go so low. Keep going lower. Yeah, on another stage. Lower. Look at that. We'll get to the Colonel and his army. I just, I don't understand what they're doing. I mean, how long can it go on and on and on and on? And I don't wish any of them, I don't even know the Colonel, okay? And Brad, although he is kind of a pain in the ass, he's, you know, he never stole a freighter. And he kept in the day even by the fact that you hate his guts. I like him. Come on. You do, you hate his guts. Oh, because he rips me. Oh, only because. But that sounds like yes, you do hate me. He just guts, but only because. That's not true. I didn't know. This had a real interest to. I don't answer those phones, Roger. Don't be out of your mind, okay? Broward County, hello. Oh. Yeah. What do you say, sir? How you doing? What do you say? No, Mike. Wow. But I mean, why did you call your, I asked something. My head is saying my head. When you dial that phone and made the line flash, what was your editorial I was looking for. And you said that when Walt Disney comes back from being on a froze. And that's what you want to know that I heard that really froze. Okay. Well, I was good. Mike Disney who froze in OK. 1013 mentally that is 1013 to WIOD. One of the things about it's 1016 to WIOD. So Sharon was just in here and she's very upset because I left. Jared out. We've been talking about the interns, which will be pleased to know. Dorothy has got two young lady interns now. You're kidding. What's he? He heard you were upset. Yeah. Real upset. So Jared, who of course is the one who wears the higher on his neck. Who's a wonderful young man. But that goes without saying. Okay. That went without saying. But Sharon's very upset because we haven't given Jared any time on the air. And of course Todd will be. And so we have lunch from WIODs plus today, which reminds me, you know, Mr. Food that Fat Slob on Channel 10. Hmm. He's about as appetizing looking as if you ever go into a restaurant. Remember, I can't mention it because they're not in business here anymore. Remember Nathan's? Sure. They're long gone, right? Yeah. And you remember you'd go into one by you of them, which went out moons ago. But right across from the campus there. You know, I'm talking. What is that red road? Yeah. Yeah. It is. And years ago when I was there when I was doing the ball games, once in a while we'd have a double header or something and Bob Berger and I would go over to Nathan's. And the guys they hired behind the counter all had like long greasy here. There were real hairy. You know what I'm saying? Hmm. And you'd get the feeling like there was going to be hair in your hot dog or something. It just wasn't appetizing and they obviously didn't do well. And they disappeared real quick. Hmm. Now what was I just talking about? Oh, Mr. Food. So anyway, Mr. Food last night on Channel 10, which I never watched, but I was at my mother's having dinner. And I'm a captive audience. And because she watches Oprah every day, then Channel 10 news automatically. So Mr. Food in the 530 to 6 segment is talking about chicken wings buffalo chicken wings. And I thought boy, that's great because wings plus is coming tomorrow. And you know, we're just nuts about their food. Well, what it turned out to be was a 200 commercial for this other wings buffalo wings chain. Really? Which I'd never been there and I'd probably is great. I don't know. It probably do a good job. But he never mentioned wings plus. He made it. Now I thought Mr. Food was like a restaurant, not a restaurant, but I mean like a food Prepare or type guy. You know, it was a little recipes, does that? Indicated. And it was a commercial. How can that be? He was in town for this one, you know, in a photo. Really? In particular, place got four location. And I thought boy, that really pisses me off, okay? Because wings plus is outstanding. And we didn't get a mention. And he acts like the only place you really get authentic buffalo chicken wings is this other chain. You know? So Mr. Food. I hope that the burger paradise drops a good one right in the middle of your Pakele, is on you, okay? Yeah, Mr. Food. Yeah, what a douchebag. He fits in perfect a channel 10. I don't like channel 10. They don't like me. And I don't like them. I'm trying to think, well, I like Brian Norcross. Brian's fun in his own way. Yeah, yeah. I was just going to. But what does don't know? Yeah, what the hell does don't know anyway, right? And then of course, that what's your name that you were so excited about? Who can't get your hair straightened out anymore? Oh, that's right. No, no, the other one. Brian finally got her hair straightened. And they're in there. And she's still doing promos over there. And that's sure that's about to go off the year. So I think that should give you a real good insight is to where they're taste. Well, you know, she's in the desaida morning, sure too. Well, speaking of that, these days and morning show. Now, I'm going to take just a few moments on a ratings because first of all, nobody else around here is going to pat micronere on the back for an incredible. Well, we did very well too. And Steve, we all that in fact, the station is dominant. I mean, there's no, I mean, there's no, there's five point four share that's the highest stations probably had maybe ever in the modern era, five more is just. So we went from a four six four eight four seven. In fact, these are the one two three four five six. These are the six months that we've been here. Station went four six four eight four seven four seven five one five four. Okay. Great. So I'll continue inching upward and once you get into the five's on a. I'm especially just in fact, the next English and language. A M station. Yeah. W's news has a three four. So we're being in my two full points, plus most of our people are alive. Oh, their demographics are horrendous man. I mean, they're so ancient. Anyway, before we get into the day parts, which went nuts. Zeta stayed flat overall. They had a one six and 12 plus. But in the morning, that's the real story. Yeah, when you think you've bottomed out, you know, you thought about as low as anybody can go. Six to 10 a.m. 12 plus Zeta four from a one seven. Well, then let me just check. I want to be sure I give the right number is. Okay. A one seven one seven one five this time. Okay. Hitting a new low. There in the areas now that only only joy rentals has had the courage. And recent years on a major station in this market to explore the depths at that level. Of once one five for that morning show. Now, correct me if I'm wrong. They've gone from a five five to a one five in seven months six months. And this is only through. Yeah, and all the same management team is still in place. All the people respond to them. December is here for more than five months. Five months. They went from a five five to a one five. And everybody is still there. Bulger is still there. And the lead and the morning crew is still there. No, not everybody. K.C. got kind. And of course he was on at night when their ratings have always been in recent months of Bismal for a long time. And I mean, you don't think anything to do with the music to you. Anyway, let's do a little break. Then we'll come back. We'll bloat about the big numbers at W.I.O.D. We'll give you a couple of others. Well, some ironies, why 100? I know Sonny will be upset. But while 100, I had a big increase. And they just fired their 10 year old program director. So that kind of interesting. And she had a pretty good increase, too. GTR, a little shaky. Let's rip the crap out of them. Okay. Where does Bill W.I. is? He's on the golf course. So let's rip the crap out of them. Because they're out having those big meetings in power with those cops and Jacketers today. I wore a really impressed. Okay. It's 1022 at W.I.O.D. 1026 at W.I.D. Okay. Now we can start gloating morning 12 plus hot, which of course doesn't count. Because they've got all ethnic kids under the age of three. They've got a list of voters. Well, three and a little less of these 10 points. But I'll try to slap my talking shit. They've got a 2534rajj, or maybe a three or five of these two times to hit that end. On the eighth week of the quarter, I'll try my last five. One. We can do that. I've got a lot of excitement. It's not too long at the very end. I still do what I do. But 18 well 25 to 54 he went into morning from a five three was six one. Whoa, which is gigantic. Also in men all across the board to station number one. A seven seven overall. Ranirian and morning's got an eight eight is number one in men. And today we got an 11 one. He's got a seven six. So a separate night time which went way up by the way night time. Now that we finally got rid of bush bing bang. We got some baseball in April. Yeah. And do well. Sixth and the six p.m. We got number one in men by far. Anyway, 18 to 34, which is shocking. Wait till you hear this. 18 to 34, which is living in breathing people. Ranirian went from a two five to a three eight, which is an increase of 50 percent. Right. And we went from a six one to a six eight. So we hopped up one. We were number five. Now we're number four in a whole market. I can't wait till they we pass GTR. Uh-huh. 34. They're going to be so hysterical around this building. Uh-huh. Spike wise will be throwing his newborn baby off the wall. I'll be going nuts, won't he? Ah, that's got to be in a state. We're going to call Bellsville right now. They are sampling right. Every time the trend comes up, man, he's got the same tired oldster. We're sick and tired of hearing it, Bill. Okay. I'm tired of hearing it. You know, the fact is your music sucks. Okay. Why don't you just admit it? We'd like honesty. Don't we? So anyway, Ranirian went nuts. And we went up from a seven three to a seven five. We didn't have a little drop there in 25 to 54 from an eight six to an eight. But you know, I'll take that. You bet. Because we're still number one in 25 to 54. And I don't think that. But we're number one by more. Then we were before because magic dropped from an eight to a seven. Yeah. Yeah. Be to buy a full point. Are you following that? Mm-hmm. And then Steven, he afternoon, from a four seven to a four six. So he was about flat. But in 25 to 54, he stayed just about the same. Which I can't even find it. Because there's so many pages now. They're getting all unglue. But he went from a five five five four. Get these now. In 25 to 54's in the afternoon. So we're just doing great. We're really doing it. Now, and of course the only way we can keep going up is if you folks start making those phone calls to everybody you know and get people to listen. Because this place gives us nothing. I mean, no promotion. I got some t-shirts buried downstairs somewhere. And we got a couple of billboards. Finally, in places where living people actually drive, but other than that, they're just not promotion-minded at W.I.D. They're still we're still trying to win them away from those old evil ways. Okay. Okay. Not easy in this joint, including the sales department for a speaking of evil ways. Why do I keep bringing them up like constantly? Now, just like I can't even go through one minute of my life without one of their faces popping into my mind. Can't we get an elevator? So, oh, so. So we don't have to walk by that part of the building. Why heard the Dennis Collins? Wait a minute. Seriously, this is a rumor. It's only a rumor. But I heard that Dennis Collins got a wind of when we were discussing that the other day. And he thought it would fit their building better. Because the rumor is they're going to be playing elevator music. On a M and F.M. So it's kind of fit in. But again, you're getting your little elevator down. There's, and you've come up and you're listening to Ray Connor. You hear this in the elevator. Yeah. And you get out in the hall and you hear it on a M, F, M, M, M, M, M, M. Now, did we beat Guns? We want to talk about him. Do we have to talk about the Guns? No. Well, we will. Oh, good. Midday. Well, life beat us. Life had a 911. Make no mistake about him. Well, that elevator music you can't beat a one of the day. That is a five-day live. And in a hot, we're done to a five-eighth. So we, we clearly beat anybody who has an audience that's alive. That's a little bit. We've got a 75, hot, it's got a five-eighth. Magic's got a four-five. Hmm. Boy. And what about Sandy? Well, GTR Midday has a 3-8, 12-plus. Well, we don't care about 12-plus. We're into those younger demos. Yeah, right. They really went in the old crap-er over GTR. Now, I'm going to really rag on it. You know, because they make me sick over there. They make me nauseous. Love. And we have, I haven't really looked at a lot of this stuff. Now that your land was kind enough to give me all this stuff, we can just milk a lots of time out of this. Maybe right up until lunch shows got a little more. When's plus today? And then Todd's coming in today, boy, we got an exciting day today. We got some heavy-duty stuff. What is that? We got a cart. Look at that. Rogers got a real evil look on his face. And we got some kind of a cart. What is it? Oh, isn't that cute? It's about Roblo. Are Roblo? We shouldn't waste any time, did we? Well, let's get it right on. All of Hollywood's a buzz on actor. Wow, logo, let's go for a flick with a 16 year old girl. And they'll have it. We'll answer the question. And, oh, why, sir? No. What? Huh? Wow, go a little for. Hey. Gus, he's on. Yeah. Ang, and you're all new to me. No. A thardy say they have no doubt that it is Roblo and a photograph of a 16 year old girl. The one that actor is currently in production of a film. You've got these different words. No. Right. Huh? Right. Camera. Action. And you can go. The. Let's kill it. Action. Action. They take a portal like, but you better make it quick. Because he's got to be a full-for-my-roll. Right. Huh? You need to mold when you're a cop. Huh? Or a simple, poor man who thinks you're fucking a skit. Make a portal plate with a goddamn old braping. Now you're on the tailpick to all of the earth. No. What? Ah, you know that he is only a sexy. Hmm. And I'll get a portal. We'll fill it with your last scene. Make a portal plate. But you better make it quick. Because he's got to be a full-for-my-roll. Oh, my god. Hey, you guys, it's no-one that video. I brought low video on your way. Where? Oh, my god. Look at this. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Watch it. I only caught five of these here. Look. Look at that. Fight. I know that's from wall, but who is that? Who's the girl I'm seeing here? Hey. You know who that is? How your life is. He's the one. He's the whole set that she's the whole show. And she's stand-o! Ha ha ha ha! He's the one who's bringing up the whole show. He's an angel in ProVacotot. Okay. We had to get Dick Fathersley on and yes we did see the thing in the hero. Today Lord is an ancevado, I'm sure is a very nice person. But she is so out of touch with the reality. She's got this thing about Dick Fathersley at Vietnam 2 AM in a morning and how they're rating suck and all of this and then his comment, where's that thing about how he hopes it's a beauty. He says, Audi and sharing is the way he's going to do it. I want WI would need to be very successful. The Fatteren bigger they become the better chance we have the feed off their tune in. Now I'm not sure if that's because their next was on a dial or because we talk about our good friend Dick all the time on the show, but she makes no reference to that. She's oblivious. So she prints that but it just sits there. You know what I'm saying? So people aren't in tune to what's going on here every day. They have no idea that he's an orange on provocateur. Exactly. He doesn't know who he has got any idea who we are where we are in the Don. He'll who? Yeah. It's he AM or F. Okay, it's 1034. WI would do. We're going to start really sick at our teeth deep into the ratings. Oh, the bell time. Yeah. By far the most significant problem facing man today is yeah, I know. Is these trends. Now, well, I just spent a little time. We'll do whatever the hell we want basically and you're like every second of it. Okay. But really, you folks have got to start picking up the phone and calling from a 4A hardvarks in the beginning to triple Z zebra's in a back at a book because that's the only way we get any publicity is if you pass the word, right? Yeah. Watermouth. Remember, tell a friend. Remember that stupid. Yeah, it was pretty stupid. Anyway, it's 1034. WI would be right back. 1037 a WI would be Steve with Rad by Meyer, Kahana for the 18th time this month. Yeah, you know. And the marmorning hurricanes will be starting the regional up in Gainesville. And for some reason, we're not broadcasting that game. I don't know. It starts 1130 in a morning. Well, what the hell does that have to do with anything? Oh, we end of the Gaines, you're not. Okay. Well, anyway, sunny is up there and he'll be calling in with reports throughout the game. And of course, we'll also have an in depth report and how Greg Maddox doesn't tonight's Cubs game as they try to sweep Houston. Anyway, looks like sunny if you're listening, don't bother calling in because it's going to be very depressing. Why would 100 at a big increase in this trend? For example, 12 plus they went from a 3 8 to a 4 5, number 5 right behind power that's got a 4 7. Wow. Power went from a 4 3 to a 4 7, 1, 1 100, 3 to a 4 5 in a morning 12 plus, 1, 1 100 had a 5. See, I'm leaving hot out. That's not fair. I mean, hot's got an 8 1 over all 12 plus, which is just monsters. They dropped a little, but not much, 8 3 to 8 1. So they're number one of everybody in the market. But in the morning, hot's got a 7 2, 1, 1 100 has got a 5. That's up from a 4 3 and power has got from a 3 3 to a 3 6. So while 100 at a big increase, and of course, the 10 year old program director that was here, he's gone. So I guess they couldn't wait a few more days. They just decided out of yos, not that he was any genius, but he haven't only had something going right? Was his last trend? Yeah. That was his last his farewell. She is part of his shot. And then in the afternoon, I better give this a real seal call in Cox. No, he did Cox went way up to a 5 2 and 12 plus while 100 at a 4 7, which again, a big increase for that. And hot had an 8 9 and he afternoon. Okay. Wow. That's right. Yeah. That Dennis, the grease raise who comes up with all these stupid rumors that never come true. Anyway, 18 to 34, I'll give whatever the hell I want to give. Okay. Look at that. GTR, 18 to 34 for the week dropped from a 10 7 to what? 8 6 and a hot state at a 14 9. They're just beaten a crap out of GTR, but they're not competitors. Are they? Of course not, because GTR's AOR all over the road. Now, let's take a look at love 94. Let's start looking at some of our favorites. We don't give up. You see, you saw on the phone. We don't want to talk to them anyway, right? And anybody in the audience who doesn't care about this stuff, you've got to be a moron. What would your rather have us talk about? Okay. Rob low and his sport toes that we're sticking out of the bed. Anywhere, let's see. Who do we want? Love 94? Oh, please. Yeah, because you hate them with a passion. It's more fun to talk about that. Love 94. We never did get mid days for guns or did we? We don't want to let old Jeff on look. Before we get to one five in the morning. Poor that is just tragic. We had a seven to five in midday here on this show. And we thank you so much for being stupid enough to keep listening. Love 94 from a three five to a three six in midday. Who is that? Yeah, nobody nodded. Ron St. John do it. Magic is he on a midday afternings. Oh, excuse Eric for nine to a four five in mid. Oh, Eric Brandon. Oh, yeah, that bleached blonde guy with a yeah with that real DJ voice. Sandy had a three five in midday. God bless Sandy. I wasn't she's something and W. I and Z. They had a one nine. Oh, right. A one nine. I mean, gentlemen, at W. I and Z, that's from a six four in the spring of 87. We're no wait a minute. What am I talking about? From a nine. Yeah, right. Oh, this is 12 plus from a nine in the spring of 87. Yeah. Two years later, I want to you remember when we started on the Zayton morning show we made a big deal. We started with a one seven. I got onto a one five. Oh, God's your went from a one seven to a one six. Just a little erosion there. Just a slight bit of erosion. But of course wasn't their big story all those 18 to 34 numbers. They were doing so great in the book. Oh, yeah. Wasn't that the ending over lately? Well, let's take a look. 18 to 34 for the whole day for W ZTA three eight down to a three five. So they dropped. They're starting to lose some of the luster off the banana. I can say that in a morning 18 to 34 were we used to have double digits from a three eight down to a three. Oh, no. What happened? Come on, Colonel, that can't be said isn't so. Let's get grad on the line. Okay. These are savior. Wow. Not working mid day 18 to 34. I thought this was their big story. More to down to with three eight. See they had one fluke month in there. Right. And now they're coming back to reality in the 18 to 34's. She by the way, look at this afternoon drive. She went from a three nine to a five five and 18 to 34's. GTR from 11 to a nine. Boy, I think things are slipping again. Wow. Better get off those meetings in the golf course and start paying attention to your main U.S. Zeta for two to a four. And he afternoon in 18 to 34's and of course at night time, which is their strong suit as they would say from a three to a three. They stayed flat. That's not so bad to be honest with the crazy gone. But 18 to 34 not there. But maybe they did grade in 25 to 50 40. Think so. Should we give it a look? Let's give much chance now. Okay. All right. Well, now they, you know, they got somebody. That's true. That's true. I think it's pretty funny. Two four to a two six over all 25 to 54. See where you're getting a little little see they went up. See premature in your evacuation. Your evacuation. premature evaluation is illegal on this time by the way. Let me take a look here presented now in the morning 25 to 54 to boy. Now that's the AM two four two three to a two four. So they're really picking it off. Well, they went through the roof. Yeah, we had a seven. We take it all back. 25 to 54 midday. Gonsra, I bet you're doing a big number in this. He's a talent. That is yeah. He's a big talent. Here he is two four to a two four is consistency is his by-word. He's always right there. And he afternoon at Mike Lyons who really nationwide search. He's a super good. He's a math. I think bad. They're two five to a two eight. Oh my god. That's where it is. See this month it's the 25 to 54. It'll keep them going one more month. In that God forsaken format. A 25 to 54 is a W snooze. Our so embarrassing. How was dropped from a 16 to a one four. Steve had like a five four. And he had a one four. Allus. So boy. So I was at a friend of mine. He was weak. Story yesterday over in Westchester and she had on Waxy and Ricky was on. Yeah. And I was sitting there and Ricky played Moon dance by Van Morrison. Now Ricky didn't just clear it. I mean, you know, I call he does on that tape with dream. Love. He just could actually afford and fiber to meet the necessity of life. He I mean, he was stomped up. You know, it's only got like a six second intro. You know, the feeling when you're a district and you're talking for 10. Yeah, you're like doing your rap and then all of a sudden they start to sing. Yeah, and how awful that you know what you do when they do that. Even with a so-called food Cervuses that currently have plagued the United States and the Western world. I think it's all the world. We totally distribute it among the people in the world. We would all be in a state of starvation. I mean, somebody cheating somewhere. I think we're the ones. Let me pass the Lebanese Bobby Derrick dream lover. Yeah, oh, that's on a band. Now we gotta try that again. It's a very classy program for the entire family. We don't like to run over the records when he starts singing. Okay, here we go. Every time I hear that I just want to plot. He can't start a movie anymore. There's no records anymore. He couldn't get us to see the over again. Very simple. Oh, I'm gonna do his punches and again. Well, right back when you're on tape. It's a little tough. Yeah, when you're on tape, it's hard to describe what you're not question about that. Anyway, let's see how your buddy Gregory Benjamin did. Maybe he'll call it and do his sunny Foxy. Mattay and greet your husband. Gloves 94 in a morning. Well, you know that Reniri beat the crap out of him. There's no question about that. Yeah, Mike had a six five and Gregory Benjamin is not on the first page. He's got the bottom of the second page with a three. Oh, Greg. Say it isn't so say it isn't so sweety. Oh, three. God. I mean like 100 at a five and Reniri had a six five and wins even at a four five and winning at a three seven. GTR even those two fakers in a morning. Hermen and McQueen had a three six, which is a half a point drop I just mentioned in passing. Tanner had a three six. Let's see. FM those two guys who are big groupies of ours, but are both brained and rickened. Puts had a three straight and Greg had a three share in a cum drop of 15,000 people. I heard a rumor. He comes down to 118,000 people. What kind of a book is that Greg? I heard a room here today about I don't know. It's doubtful. I don't listen. You know his sidekick Joanne Rice? What? I heard Gregory yelled at her because she wasn't laughing loud enough at his joke. Yeah, when are you going to start laughing a little louder? Okay. I've been meaning to talk about it. I'm getting pretty sick and tired of this. Just a really, right. Let's see 18 to 34. Let's give him a break here. Let's look in some of these demos. Are you folks enjoying the two? I am not dropped it. Oh, five seven to a five five and 18 to 34. It's more not a big drop, but an acute drop of 10,000 people. Wow. Whoa. Oh, okay. Let's take a look at those 25 to 54. Because that's love 94 is bread and butter. I'm sure that's the overall I dropped from a five one to a four six. Oh, wait till we get to afternoon. It's love 94. You're that's the part you like. And down. I already looked at it. Oh, really? Did you a sneak a little look? Oh, my God, four six to a four five Greg. And it was 25 to 54 is an drop in cum from a hundred four thousand two hundred and ninety one thousand a thirteen thousand drop in cum. Wow. God boy, I'd be really hysterical about that. Okay, let's take a look at the, it's just a trend. You know, it's just one sticking trend. Three to seven PM 18 to 34. Love 94 that's Irene pardon me for being a douchebag. From a six three to a five. Oh, big drop like a rock. Wow. Rock, rock, God. How about in the afternoon? That was it. No, I mean 25 to 50. Oh, good. I'm getting ahead of myself here. And I keep starting with the first page. Oh, they are in the five two to four four. Oh, wow. And a drop, listen to the cum. 100,585,000. Oh, that's about a 16% law. What is going on? This big one. Wow. Yeah. With that Irene pardon me for being a mung brain richer. It's pardon me for being a yenta Irene richer. Anyway, we're just having a good time here. Look at all the people who sucked in the trend and have it a great time rubbing it in, just rubbing it softer or woolen. That's what it's all about. Okay. When you're doing well, just remember it's not important that you succeed, but that your friends fail. Your good friends, like Irene. Oh, yeah. And the kernel. Mm, et cetera. It's 1049 in Wild, D Toyota. My phone the most significant problem facing man today is the production of the week. I think that's the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's really on a roll. How did Waxy do in the afternoon? I wonder, wow, we don't know what he cares about there. That's really pushing it. Now, nobody does. Nobody cares at all. Even he don't care. It's really. Yeah. Nobody cares. Well, he's on tape. And those tape shows boy. They're going to do it. For example, a weekend is Wild. That's the soft spot. Okay. Here we got a 5-4 overall on this station. We're hot as a pistol and a weekend has got a 3. Oh, even beaten by W snooze. I and Z on a weekend. Oh, my god. Yeah. A 3. Wow. Now, those tape shows man. I really do it for me. Why don't they go to come to their senses? You know? Of course, when you're dealing with 10-503, well, you know, what am I talking about? Come to their senses. I think they already have overfilled their capacity. You can deal with these people. Anyway, so that's a story. And, of course, if there's anybody else in a business who's dying to know as in we're dying over here. Anybody wants to know. We got it all 35 to 64. We went down a little bit. Probably as we get closer to 64. Probably some of those people speak in a dying little bit. Let's see Zeta, a 1, 2 and 35 to 64 in a morning boy. They are really doing it. Aren't they? All 1, 2 in the morning. Midday we went from a 7-8 to a 7-5 and 35 to 64 on the show. That's just, that's okay. Yeah. Because we're going to really care once they get past 20. All right, 10-53. I don't know why I would do it. We might take some of these calls. We're going to let them ring today. We're just going to let them flash. Because that's when we have the most fun. Especially after 11 when the Nick comes in when he starts screaming. They really screws it all up, you know? Well, we talked for hours of boring racing the other day. You know, Nick is just such a sweetheart. I said you're a pleasant guy. I got such a good disposition. That's the thing I like about him the best, you know? And he's so much into the show. That's really, always coming in at noon today. Oh, no wonder I felt so good. Dave County, hello. Hello. Hello. What kind of a connection is this? Are you on a phone or a tin can? Boy, it sounds bad. Pretty weak. Speak up. Speak a nail. You're speaking to him. Oh, Neil. Yeah. Are you doing? Okay. Wow, dude. Do we interrupt something? Screenless is the best. Oh, my name is George. How you doing, George? Hey. Is this the first time you've ever used a telephone, George? Oh, see the little round holes and that thing. That's where you speak into George. Good. Say it works. Do you remember a colony yesterday morning? Name what? Morning. Marty? Morning. Marlin. Yeah. Marlin was 14 years old and lived in where was it? Yes, that was. Yeah, I'm as well. Surfside. That's right. What about it? Oh, is there more to this? Yeah. I'm as better. Great. How old are you? 14. 14. Well, you'd like twins? No, not twins. Well, how can you both be 14 and not be twins? I don't know. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's good. Now you're staying home from school today, right? No. What do you call from class? What are you doing today? Are these questions too tough for you, George? George. That's sick. Oh, you got sick. So you're staying home from school today, right? Yeah. Because you're sick. Yeah. Now, I have a feeling it's not the first time you've been away from school, right? Because when I ask you these tough questions and give me those real pointed answers, it kind of tells me a lot. Now let's let's go by again. Now your brother's name is what? Martin. Martin. Martin. What is it? Martin. George, how do you spell it? Huh? You've gone over the line. George, how old is your brother? 14. 14. How old are you? George. 14. Now what's your brother? Now, all right, what get to the bottom is what's your brother's birthday? When was he born? Um, June 8th. June 8th. And what were you born? September 20th. Now you know, wait, wait, but maybe there's another answer. You have the same mother? Yeah. And the same father? Yeah. Now have you thought about calling the Guinness Book a record? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Now wait a minute. He was born. Wait a minute. Maybe I'm missing something. Oh, in other words, his birthday's coming up in June. He's going to be 15. Yeah. He's going to be 15. October, November, December, January, February, March, November, December, January, January, January, January, January, April, May, June. That's nine months for that. That's pretty quick. Neil. Yeah. Why won't you repeat? OK. Yeah. Thank God. Marlon. Yeah. What's George's story now? I don't know. Is he a little slow? Yeah. He's a little slow. Now, what's your story? Stay in home on permanent vacation? No. Pretending I'm still sick. Oh, you're pretending you're still sick. Yeah. OK, not really a little bit sick. All right, let me ask you, because I know you're a bright guy. We talked to yesterday. We even know where you live. We talked about it. I'll listen, Marlon. Listen, we careful. Your name is Marlon, right? Yeah. Because your brother can't say your name. I know. Now, why is your brother sound like a little defective? Is there something? Huh? How old are you, Marlon? I'm 14. And how old is George? He's 13. Oh, he's 13. But he didn't want to admit it on the air, right? No. It doesn't want to admit that he's like the Pipsqueak in a family, right? Tell me he's the Pipsqueak, OK? Marlon. Hey, Mealy, I just can't. Mealy? No, Mealy. I don't think we know each other that well, you had OK. No. All right. Meal. Yeah. Well, so I can't help it. I keep on calling you. I want to call you every day or doing some of your vacation, too. Well, remember, Niri called, and he wants you, and your brother to call his show. He said, that could put him ahead of life, OK? So anyway, my big brother just went diving today. Yeah. And the keys, and I just want to tell, uh, wish him a little bit. Well, I'm a little bit. Which brother is that? Which brother is that? Alex. Alex. Do I call the Beast bag, yes? How old is Alex? He's 27. Oh, he's 27. Yeah. What is something about this family? Yeah. This doesn't sound kosher. He's 27. And your brother's 13? Yeah. And I'm 14. And your 14. Yeah. Is that all there is? Yeah. OK. Well, listen, it sounds like you and your brother are doing a little scuba diving there for something together this morning. Is that what's going on, George? Alex, whatever your name is? You're, uh, you're who are you? Oh, my lord, of course. How could I forget? Well, listen, Marlon, have a great hour. Are you thinking of going back to school anytime soon? Can I know there's tomorrow? Oh, tomorrow. Yeah. On that, of course, after that, it's a holiday weekend, right? Yeah. Good. I think radio management should be the future that you go into. OK? Because you've got all the scheduling all straightened out to draw. You're already head of the game. OK? OK? OK. Say, I hide a George for us, OK? All right. Done to get a life. See you, Marlon. All right, bye. Wow. Good. Had a call of the century ladies and gentlemen, when you least expected, one call in the hour, and that's all that's all we need. And you bet. That wasn't the only call we did in the hour. Then we take one much earlier. Oh, yeah, we took a couple earlier. Don't you remember when I was asking my little pull question, well, that didn't. And one guy wanted to do a BS. Those weren't call. I don't know. What they were, but well, listen, we're doing a little screamless today. And of course, that's a little sample of what comes up when you just screamless. You don't think these board ups screen out the really neat colors, OK? Like George Marlon and Dushbag. Speaking of that, Henry Barrow standing by Henry's had a little tasting session going on. So I don't want to be a real spicy 11 o'clock news this session here. And welcome back at 1105. Steve with his ponderous guest, Rabbi Meyer Kahana, at two this afternoon. I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. Right, wonderful. Significent problem, facing land today, isn't what I should have food and fiber to needs of the city's life. You know the so-called food's hit, say? Yeah. Well, he caught himself there. He didn't want to do it again. 1106 to WIOD. I found in the WIOD closet, ladies and gentlemen. Wow, a pile. We'll not back. A pile of old arbitron books. Look at this. Good. How do you like this going back 10 years? Ladies and gentlemen, here's October and November, 1970, nine to fall book. Ah, when I was doing nights at WIOD news, 10 to 70, but 10 to. Now what I'm looking at, what did WIOD have 12 plus and all these, they had a four nine. But that was pretty good. That was a dolphins book, though, wasn't it? Yeah, October and November. That was the fall book. Four nine. In fact, you could see the yo-yo, the bouncing ball, four seven and out of a three, three, four five, down to a two nine and then up to a four nine. Because every fall, Macdonald, there were only two books, summer, spring and fall. And the dolphin book, when it games were on like on Sunday, let's look up Sunday, okay, to see how bogus these numbers used to be, because the dolphins have got that gigantic humongous audience, okay? Here we go. Sunday, Sunday, 10 to three, because of course we start the dolphin games at 10 in the morning. Look at that, WIOD is seven three and Sunday, three to seven. It's got to be, yeah, 17. Look at that. It's a 17 free share during dolphin football, okay? Yeah. So that kind of like, uh, distorts that fall, but while back in those days, some of the games would be blacked out in the only way to hear them was 17. 17. Three on Sunday, I have to know and drive at WIOD and as well, for the dolphins. That's when Henry was still on the games, or that's why they had such big numbers. That's all right, Henry. And when he turned the bottle after they said, hey, Henry, we don't want you on a sidelines anymore, you're just too old. And he said, who the hell are you talking about? Look at weaver. Anyway, that's a little joke. That's a little joke. That's a little joke. Well, leave you said, why? Oh, Rick's got a great sense of humor. He just doesn't know how to show it. This is fun, you know what? Hello. Hello? What do you think of this so far, sir? Well, so far, I got to say it's a little bit Congresswoman's one thing I've confirmed about. What's that? OK, um, the new sports voice. That is curious. By the way, I like the new part of our format on the 11 o'clock news every morning. I wish Henry were still in the room there, where he says, uh, and Tuanet, where are you there? Are you there? And I'm a real spaghetti, whatever your name is, and she's like, either not there at all or way off in the background with a traffic report. I love that. I know. And then there's always a lot of accidents in Dave County. A lot of cars on the road. Well, when you get on the, uh, all this morning, I'm coming through the Golden Glades and there was an accident off to the side of the road. Everything was off the side. And these rubber neckers man, it doesn't mean like an extra 10 minutes because these morons, they're all sitting gawking and looking and, uh, credible. And there wasn't even any blood or guts or anything, you know? When it's out to the side of the road, it creates more of a problem. The one that's right there in the road. Here's the spring 79 book. Look at that. W. Y. and Z in a morning had a 10, four with a all-news. 10, four. Anyway, the new sports boys, QA and how did they stack up again? Oh, now you want me to get to the current ratings. Oh, brother, for what? Like 12 plus, you mean a whole, what do you want? Y'all have just the more prevalent numbers. Well, they don't have any prevalent numbers. Okay, they have malevolent numbers. WQAM, and I'm looking from the back forward. That's easiest way to do it with them. Uh, yeah, they had a one. They went from a point eight up to a one. This is with broadcasting sports all night. They just, well, let's see what they did at night. Let's be fair to them. Okay, let's give them a fighting chance. Let's look at seven a midnight for WQAM. If we can follow starting again at the back page, the one that Z is always on. With radio swave and that crowd, there's Z over the one too. At night for one, too. Wow, with 100,000 walking class, the FM. I'm still looking for QAM. Here's Radio Swave. Here's R, and WR, Eman. WMBM. QAM, a two, three at night up from a one eight. And WR, D, had a four one. Well, can anything more be said? That says it all, I guess, huh? Yeah, but Dick Foddly's going to turn it around. You know why, sir? Why, sir? He's an orange-owned provocateur. Okay. See ya. 10 past 11 at WIOD. Here's a spy report on the facts machine this morning. A zeta spy report. It says, far be it from us to spread rumors, but whatever we walk past and unfinished puzzle, we'd like to try to fit the pieces together. With the sale of recent waxy, I should say with the recent sale. Shouldn't that mean a grammar on this is pretty good? Well, the recent sale of waxy to the billboard company, it seems more unlikely that Mrs. Boone's favorite grandson will come aboard for mornings as was widely speculated. This mumbling, Mr. Gander has worked with Robert W. Walker before just as our WW, but I mean, you know, he's that or it's Rick somebody. And has his way of repeating itself. So, it's another, it's maybe sunny. He'll be doing mornings on the new pirate radio over at 94.9. In the meantime, we've heard that Ron Hersey departed the Boone's and is joined for more while in 100 PD Rick Stacey on the morning show of power 99 in Atlanta. But nothing is forever. Love and kisses from our zeta spy. Whoever that is. Boy, we got some heavy duty stuff. There we got food coming from my wings plus. Monday, which we're going to be here on a holiday, would you believe that our good friends over at the Royal Castle, Mr. Arnold is going to be kind enough on, because they're open every day 365 days. You're no kidding. Coming on Monday. It was a little cheeseburgers. So I got an idea, even though it's going to be a holiday, maybe like all the interns could come in on Monday. We have a little party. And Rob Locke had come. It's 11 past 11 at WIO Day. Wouldn't it be something if it turned out that Sally Jesse was in that room? Huh? Oh, I'd love that. Yeah. I think that would make more sense to me. Anyway, char-hut, I want to say 11 16 at WIO Day. We're looking back at the, I know this doesn't mean anything unless you're in the business, but that's half our audience anyway. Can you imagine if the people in the business could get diaries? I have about 80 shares. True. Anyway, here's the, this is the spring 80 rating book. WIO Day and it shows the last five numbers. There was a three four. This is for the whole station. Before that in the fall, four nine, before that of two nine, four five and a three three. So it was like the spring book would be a disaster. And then the dolphin would go up into four. All highest number I see is four nine. And the latest trend here we got a five four. So that may be a record breaker for the modern era of WIO Day. In fact, the highest number I see in midday. Well, see, Raneri was uneven then. He's got a six one and one of these in a five nine. He's just, he's just shocking. I don't understand. He doesn't understand. He doesn't. But midday three seven was the highest number. We got a seven five now. And then after noon in the highest number is a three three out of these five books. And Steve's doing a four six. So we may be breaking all kinds of records here. And of course, they don't want to tell us about that. Because then we want some money, you know. October, November of 1980. Boy October, November of eight. In this exciting. To me, he's talking to these morons out there. This is history. Now what was the name of K 102? We don't know what the call letters were, which is remember. K 101. No magic. What were the call letters of that station? I'm looking down the list. WCKO. That was it. Yeah. Yeah, they had a one five. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Always. Wow. And look at this. Oh, boy, the fall book, the dolphin book of October, November 80, I would do went from a three four only to a three six. Mm-hmm. They must have been really plots in here then. And I have one book in here that says on the top of it, it's written, vion. Ha ha ha ha ha. Bill vion. The former GM one of many, many, who has flown through these halls and doorways at WIOD at the out of dreams. So I got a whole pile of stuff here, boy. It's nice coming in early in the morning and having piles, isn't it? Ha ha ha ha ha. Boy, that's what they say at WOLD. Yeah. All are listening to that piles over there. Anyway, to 1118 at WIOD, we're doing the screamer. So we're going to start taking some calls. So this is a jazz that we got a couple lines not flashing now. It's totally, there we go, Broward. And Palm Beach is not flashing. It's totally unacceptable, right? Well, Palm Beach, you can't count that. Now, come on. Okay, those of you like in San Francisco, yeah. And in New Mexico, people a lot of time. Good time to call in because we're doing screamer in the Palm Beach line is open. Date County, hello. Yeah, Neil, I just... Speaking. All right, Neil, are you doing? Okay. What happened? You didn't let mention why we're on a train. Yes, I did. I said they went way up. Oh, you did. Yeah, they got a four, five, and 12 plus they went up from a three. They went up about seven to eight or nine, tens of a point all across the board. They had a great trend. Yeah. And they just fired the PD a couple of weeks ago. He's gone. But that was a shame, wasn't it? Well, what can I tell you? What goes around? All right, I can tell you ignore my boy's over there. Not at all. Okay, they're telling them. Okay. They're killing us, too. Okay, not literally, but, you know, if you've heard that show they're killing me. Now, I don't know. I don't know that much about while in a room. I'm just, I've outgrown it. Yeah, I'm a kid. Like how 105. I don't listen or do in great, but I don't listen to me. Never. I listen more like to the mellow rock sounds of I-61. Like Spike Lines does. It's up. Well, I can't wait till we go past them in 18 to 34. He is going to be so pissed. He's going to be, you won't be able to speak to him again. He'll probably even take the CD back. You know, the ETRC or the E-N. Now, was he there at the computer yesterday when they... No, he wasn't. Don't you understand there was nobody from management there. There are all these big meetings in power. Don't you understand? I thought it was the board. They're having like, another busmen's holiday this week. They got another big, oh, all the corporate, had hot shows. And of course, we're lucky enough. We got the corporate sales consultant. Radclap. Is in the building. I don't want to mention Chris Beck's name because I start breaking out in high. How can there be such a thing? And when I see him in a hall, I just go, oh, God, can this really be happening again? They also consultant for the whole chain. What is that? Is that a bad view thing? Oh, that is. That. Oh, God. And he looks at me and I look back at him and I think, man, oh, man, oh, man. I told Gary Lawrence, whatever you do, Gary, don't buy a house. 20 pounds to 11. Let's go to Dave County. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I got a fire report for you. OK, lay it on his pal. All right. In the mind mirror view, have you heard about it? No. The Miami review there's an article about Jeff Guns. No. Firelings for bankruptcy. Get out of here. I am not kidding you. Huh? What? I don't have any. What do you mean following for bankruptcy? He's making reasonable money over it. Yeah. We're not a balance. No, the article said the two invented like five grand a year are closed. Is that a radio show? That's honestly. Well, when was he wearing him? I mean, he never wore him while we were. I don't know. It's the way these tacky Hawaiian shirts like I used to. I don't know. That's what that's the guy. That's true. OK. Well, we'll check it out. We'll get our Zeta spy right on top of that. OK. OK. I can't believe it. 21 past 11 at W. I don't believe it. Joe. Frank. OK. Frank can possibly be Jeff Guns. There must be a different Jeff Gun must be. Sure. Yeah. Has to be. Where's the food by the way? Ways pluses coming today in boy. They got that good stuff. I may even have some wings, you know? Really? Yeah. Well, you know, when you're Jewish, you kind of try to stay away from chicken for a little party or life because you've been forced back. Yeah. Chicken for years. I mean, there's so much that's a whole part of being Jewish. Is he? In fact, even gribbinous is like with chicken fat and a lot and the chicken dripping, which Cheryl, of course, keeps promising that she's going to make gribbinous, but she never does it. She wants me to go up to this certain market in sunrise to get the a lot or whatever the hell it is. There's a whole lot of chicken fat. Oh, the chicken fat. No, you were seriously. It's chicken fat. You put onions in it and whatever else. And it's like fried mong. Yeah. It's what it is. And it's very bad for you. And my mother, who's a great cook. She had another great dinner last night, but she refuses to make gribbinous. She's a man. And she doesn't hear this. So that he just pretends that she never hears me say this. Because she wouldn't want to feed me that. But it, they're so it's tasty. It's like almost like Jewish onion rings. You know what I'm saying? OK, what a good time to go into Nutri system right now. Well, it happens to be the time. And we have lots of people in the building, even rich with some of his indiscretions here inside the studio. And the other day, when he was eating that double chocolate fudge for little cleansing of the balance in the plant courses, rich is still up there at about 60 pounds off. And almost everybody in the building was trying to do his system is one thing I've noticed is nobody is gained the weight back. Have you noticed that? Because we've been here almost seven months now. And nobody, well, Roger is trying to know, nobody is gained the weight back. Maybe a couple of, but not, but not crazy. Because Nutri system really gets you at a whole different mindset. You just don't pick out constantly day in and day out. And you're a lot more satisfied with much smaller portions. OK? So get yourself involved in Nutri system right away. Because the sooner you start, the sooner you're going to shed those ugly debilitating disgusting pounds of fat. And then once you get to your weight goal to put you on that outstanding Nutri system maintenance program. Call them today for your no obligation computerized weight loss consultation at their toll free number. Where am I, Grim and a Cheryl? And 1-800-344-thin. That's Nutri system at 1-800-344-444-46. When you call, by the way, ask if gribbinists are on the menu this morning. In so waste in the past year, national census, six-fand Wild represents another toxic host, Sunslet. Little known toxic host facts you probably never knew or probably will never use. When it comes to favorite junk foods, our toxic host are Richard Simmons' worst nightmare come true. While Steve King can't eat just one potato chip, Mike Grinieri keeps artificially preserved on Twinkies. And Neil Rogers enjoys a little pizza on the side. Truth, that you are what you eat. It takes all kinds to make the greatest talk to a lineup in South Florida radio history. Reneri. Rogers, thanks. Only on New York Radio 6-10, W-I-O-D. Can you give me back Jimmy? You need 89-15 Jimmy from CNGMC to come to a $500 cashback. You mean the team that comes loaded with options to team with a powerful 4.3-liter board tech B6 engine automatic transmission air and AMFM stereo? Yeah, can you give me back Jimmy? The 89-Zimit comes with power steering cruise control tenant glass reclining seats and more all at CNGMC. Can't you give me back Jimmy? No, we're all out. What? Just kidding. CNC MC has got plenty of 89 Jimmy's loaded plus $500 cashback. Can you give me? That Jimmy's you bet your 4-wheel drive just get to CNGMC. US-1 in Pobot-O fast to make your best deal on an 89-Zimit. Mr. Member of the big 3-ZMC truck dealer. CN, Furwood and King DMC. Thank you, Conlay. For cashback you will stick recales delivery at a dealer stock by June 5, 1989. See your dealer for details. Do you get all the stock on the Dow is down? Does your blood pressure go through the roof? When your stocks are heavy in the opposite direction? Is that any way to live? Ah, not when you have a high yield low anxiety alternative, like Jimmy may's from Co-Rendon. Jimmy's pay 10 and 3-quarters percent today. And they're backed by the full-fade and quieted up the good old USA. You get a principal interest check every month. Guaranteed by the unparalleled credit of Uncle Sam. For high yields without high anxiety, call Co-Rendon now at 444-6601, 444-6601, Co-Rendon, the low anxiety investment firm. Member NASD and SIPC, you based on accelerated principal payments from Jimmy Maycourt just with presently available discounts, principal value and maturity may vary. If you would have told me that sooner, we wouldn't have talked about ratings today. 26 past 11 at WIOD. Look at this, WNWS. This is the, what is it? Fall of 1979, boy. This is the beginning of those previous, WNWS, 18 plus adults, and 11, 6. Hmm. However, 25 to 54, what did I have for two? What I wasn't too bad for two nights. Yeah. But 35 to 64 was in 114. And if it would have had 65 plus would have been such a big number, they wouldn't have had room for it. What is that, Sharon? Sharon just came in with little box. Who I shouldn't have said that, should I? From Valentes. Oh, not Valentes. Oh, my God. Wow. Roger, when you see this, you're going to just get spastic. Do we have some forks? Forks. Where's Cheryl? She had to, if you could say one from her. No, we don't say, tell her to get her ass in here now. Okay, we don't say, because unfortunately, when the rest of the food comes in, you know what happens. Okay, plus Todd's coming in today. Well, I don't know, but it would, messy, how much is to eat it with your fingers? That's disgusting. This is from Valentes, Italian specialties. On 35th Avenue in Miami. Italian, rum cake. Thank you, Charlie. Italian, rum cake. And there's, um, tortoni and Spomoney and a partridge and a puratory. They supply what? Pizza law. Oh, these, oh, this is what this is. These are the guys who supply these great Italian desserts to pizza law. Now we understand. Thank you, Charlie. These look incredible. Wow. Wouldn't it be nice to have a little dessert to cleanse our palate before when the plus comes well? Well, I'm old school, you know, I need dessert. No, I see. You can turn it around. And you can. Because you have to cleanse your palate. And some of those calls we had, though, didn't that really be a bad taste in your mouth? Well, that's a good point. I'll argue with that. What's happening with, oh, here we go. Look at Sharon Boy, she is so domestic and so right on top of things. She's only doing this because I promise you could give a little squeeze to Todd when he comes in and Ross tomorrow. That Dorothy, man, I'll tell you, Dorothy is incredible. So anyway, do you want something Sharon, or you're going to have a little bit of this because Roger just came flying in here? I think I'm going to have some of this. These are spamones. I'm going to have a spamone. I don't know what those are, but please, what are you having? I don't, I haven't even looked at them. Okay, we're having a little dessert here. You guys break up the desserts. Now, it's Todd here yet in the newsroom. What time does he come in? Does anybody know we got to start keeping closer tabs on him? 1129 at WI do we got a way as plus coming with lunch. And we have little dessert from fullenies. Hmm. What? What? Well, I'll save it for later. You can't let it sit there. Vervities are all refrigerated, a little bit frozen, so they didn't melt. So I think you can probably just pick at it. No, don't smell it. It smells great. I don't know about people that smell everything before they touch it. Well, it all depends on her. Yeah, thanks. Thank you. I'm glad I'm out. I wonder if Rob Loast Mills is everything before he eats it. You think so? I wonder the same thing. 1130 at WI do we got a call in date County. Hello. Good one, Neil. Good morning, hi, bird. How you doing, Bound? Well, I heard the comment. I just came in at time for dessert. Wonderful. I had the comment you made this morning about Mr. Food and the Buffalo Wings. And you must have missed a Monday night because he did a little shopping and a bit on Lorenzo's. Delacate to mess it up on 136. Yeah, he'd be third and fifth. Yeah, that used to be a sponsor, man. It's a good point. Good food. I mean, but it's a great deli, but the channel line is getting ponderous now because of it's sort of old. And I thought that last night's last night's show was absolutely. I don't know where he's come from. Maybe on a shave or something. Yeah, he looks pretty. He looks bad. He looks pretty schmutzy to me. Well, I just finished having some chicken wings myself right now. But I don't have any that Italian dessert. I thought maybe I'd drop over. Okay. Goodbye. Good luck to pound. 130. Back inside like he dropped over right into the hood. I hear the thud when he hit the floor. But this Pomoni is great. Now, how you know what is that? It's, I don't know, but it's great. I have no idea what it's got. It's like a nut round ice cream ball with nuts. Trouquette. Not number anything quite like it. Don't let our management see that. They'd start crying. 1131 at WI. Do you have to think on that for a minute? We've got all these old rating books here. Boy, this is great. And even some of these, oh, these go back to the late 70s and early 80s. So these were like before Steve was even in a market. Mm-hmm. Okay. That's where I can't look up any of his old bad numbers. Broward. Hello. Well, I was going to come down there today for the big rating. Hey, it's a superstar, ladies and gentlemen. I was afraid of wearing the same shirt. Yeah, why don't you go on and buy a new one? Maybe you can borrow one of Gonsers, okay? Ha ha ha. There is no truth to the Robert W. Walker. I just got off the phone with Nicole. Really? With who? Nikki. That's his wife. Yeah. Oh. I don't want somebody to call some rumors that there is some truth to, okay? It would be a thing to pay. Yeah. I didn't think that was true. Rob's a busy Rob low. Rob Walker. Robert W. Low. Yeah. You know when I was there for Gwen's birthday party, I gained four pounds. Ha ha ha. That was the... That's quite a shock, yeah. Yeah. If I wanted to sew those two new shirts together. Now come on. Come on. You got a puppet like... Could stop China. I'm there maybe a max of one... one-time a month. And it's a good deal. That's all it takes. I don't remember what I wear from one month, was an action. You wear the same shirt every day this man. It's amazing. You wear the same shirt every time. Wait. Wait. What did... What did WSHG have back in 1979, 1980? Well, why are you asking? Okay. The book is right in front of me, John. It's Johnny Dark by the way for those who don't care. WSHG. Wow. 12 plus they had a 22. 22. 22. Yeah. They didn't... men 18 plus. They had a 39. We got to get into some of these more narrow demographics, I guess. For example, this is going to take too long. No, I don't think they had gigantic numbers. No, I don't think they were going to. Well, yes they did. And then about 80. They had a six. Really? Oh yeah. But that's it about 85, 86 and then they started declining rapidly. Oh, that was... Yeah, this is too early. No, that was under. Of course, she hit their glory. Oh, just before all the people listened to them got the good drugs. What did you do, midday? I didn't get it. I heard everybody else's number right in here here. Now, yeah. 75 up from a 73 in the book. Just a minor increase, but we'll take it. And what did Joy do overall? Joy, boy, you are so boring, Johnny. How far are you feeling? Great TV ads paid off for them. Well, let's see what we got here, okay? If they'd put the boom boom on Joy because they'd do it. Well, we're looking 12 plus Joy. They went from a two seven to a two eight. So obviously, that campaign paid off big dividends, okay? Robert, Eric is really whatever his name is. Nobody cares about Joy. Don't you understand why would you even ask that question? Joy 107, boy. That's such a vanilla station. It's like tapioca pudding. Like they play Robert Goulet and Chris Cross back to back. Why does find it interesting in a town that's big that there's somebody doing satellite programming. That's all. Mm-hmm. Well, you can see it's really pan-off. Just like what you call it, Russell Wases in that abortion he's got there. Ooh. That would if they do. Well, let's look at how you like DJ. You can see if that big satellite is really pan-offer. We're not on a second page. There are the bottom of the third page. You went from a one eight down to a one six and twelve plus. Okay, and dropping like a rock. That's working for them too, huh? Yeah, working big dividends. They're really doing a great number with that facility. But I was in. I just wanted to find out what was happening. Well, it's good. We always like here on a stone your voice. Been super. And have a swell day. Shea. It's 113. Very high. At Wild. Well, I'm telling you. This is what he and stuff. This is what I saw about. You know what? Oh. Now, what are we going to do with the rest of those desserts? They're going to melt. Did Nick have one? No. He's acting hard to get today. He's playing them. A little hard to get. Maybe the newsrooms going to have to come in and have a little dessert. Now, did Cheryl come in and get one? No. No. No. No. No. No. Now or never. Don't say save you one because they're going to melt. So either get your little, very invisible high up the set of the building and have one of these. Or they're going to be long gone. Okay. In fact, if she has one of these little sweets now, she has a nice little sweet disposition when all the big shots get back after noon. Although their meetings are ready to get noon, that means they'll be on a three hour lunch not to kind of like digest all the time. Yeah. All the big confaps and powows they head on their A.O.R. meetings. Yeah. I mean, when they don't even play Roy Orbis and they certainly wouldn't play the D on cuck because it's too good. What does that tell you? He won't listen anybody. That's spike in. He's loud on it. Now, the one of those music mavens kind of like Rose Bulger. Bullheaded. Rose Bulger? That's good. I like hey listen. Speaking of great chicken wings, we have that food coming almost there. She is. We had a prod her a little bit, but finally she crashed up the hall and reluctant. The Buffalo Stout Chicken wings in wings plus are the best in the world. Okay. I don't care. Would anybody else any faker tries to tell you they are so good that they're just orgasmic or try their Catskill Mountain style garlic wings. You don't even have to be Jewish to enjoy those. Okay. That's how good they are. Straight from the Catskill. Right of course with every order comes the celery and blue cheese. Which I knew got to be kidding me. Your memories getting bad. Well, I'm bad. I'm bad. Don't you remember when Rose several times came in through a fit while we're on the year? Oh sure. Which is on her to. Yeah. Came in the studio with that look and stomped in there and gave us dirty looks and went running out the most bushly grab I've ever seen in my life. Right in the middle of the show. I apologize one time I remember. What a jerk freaked out. Anyway, it's 11.39 21 till noon but we want to congratulate the morning crew over there. The Colonel's Army. Boy, guide the Fenders. If there is one particular. Right. God. With a one five in the latest trend down from a one seven. Just what we think they've had rock bottom. They're new lows. Yeah. In the history of this market. If I think Joey in one trend had a one three, I could be right one four. Seems like. Now if there is still there when the next trend comes out. Well, the next trend will be there anyway because it's already over with. What do you mean? Yeah. In other words, it ends. What's it ends today? Does it? Yeah. So in the next trend comes out next month. Even if they're not still on the air, it'll be there number. Good. So let's see if they can break that one five. Okay. Well, now they've already. He's booked a record already. Broken Jean Cashman's record of one seven. Oh, boy. Oh, he's a cashman. Now does that tell you any? Let me see one of those other things over there. Wait a minute because the people have it only are not going to come in here and eat the rest of these and that would be wrong. Do what these are melt? What are these? They look up, seen to me, but let's see. Oh, my God. These are like, um, tortoni. I don't know about it. I get the other one's pomeoni, just the ice cream. And these are tortoni. Yeah. They're like three kinds of Italian ice cream with a layer of chocolate on the outside. And a little tiny bit of whipped cream in a cherry on top. Okay. Oh, I'm going to have a least one, those. Anyway, it's 20 till noon at W.I.O.D. A collar in Boca. Hello. Okay. Thanks so much for holding on you jackass or... Broward. Hello. Hey, there's Neil. You look sick at your rest from home. Yeah. You know what? I'm looking at you right now. You look sick all the time. Pals are what you're story. They'd count. Hello. Hello. What? Good. No problem. We're working good. One more in date and that's it. Hello. Good morning. Yeah. Gordon. How are you? I'm just fine in yourself. What is this shocking first Johnny Darken in Gordon Stevens? What are you doing Gordon? Well, it's nice to be remembered. I tried to get through yesterday when you were reminiscing a bit about the egg. It's a hotel. Yeah. He's a little bit old. That's when we actually had tourists in forlotted up. Remember that Gordon? All that peaches to be mowed in the stinker. Yeah. A lot of good shots out the window. Yeah. So there's a peek. Yeah. Also a lot of good shots at that bar with the swimming pool too, right? Yeah. Especially tonight that some Italian film company was doing a movie. And we set up some cameras downstairs and film the guys doing the movie. Really? And see the girls in the movie weren't wearing a whole lot of there. We call. I don't know whatever to came to that movie. I don't think it every subtle right today in this country. Boy, this is almost as shocking as the Roblo story. So what are you doing these days, Gordon? Trying to get away. Are you? Yeah. While there are a lot of people like that in this business. Just trying to get away when it's going. And TV stations are out there. No longer interested, I guess. Well, don't say no longer. Get ever know. You know, this time. Never say never. That's true. Instead of where you've got to mention in the New Times this morning. Really? Yeah. I read it to you. Oh yeah, that little thing about seven seconds. They really got to sense a humor over there. But they go, well, you must have a busy life if you're reading New Times, Gordon. Well, it's real Thursday. I also want to thank you for that recommendation. You're Frankie. Oh, yeah. I bought that the other night. And, uh, because I can't take it out in the car when he's doing the day. Because then I might want to play that and read it and listen to you. Yeah, we don't want anybody doing that. You know, Hamburg better not be doing that. Yeah. He's got good taste, I guess, huh? Oh, absolutely. All you guys from Channel 4 have good taste. Well, I mean, you used to be from Channel 4. If I used to be from Channel 10, you really want to go back. Yeah. Yeah. We've been following your career for a long time. For two lifetime. That's right. Well, listen, take a care. I wish you all a luck in the world and, uh, give us a call again sometime Gordon. Why wouldn't want to be a chronic. Don't have health here. Take care. You two. By Gordon steamer. Have a what a nice guy, honey. Yes. I met him one time years ago. Very nice man. Very nice man. That's what he worked at. That's what he worked at. For the nice people work at four. Have you noticed? Some nice people work at seven, but not too many. Phew. There's still a bunch of snooty douche bags over next to them. You notice in the park about they don't look at you. They like walk around with your head up in the air and they're, uh, finger up there, whatever. We're TV. Yeah. Four TV people over here at the big seven. And of course, I've watched and you get full main. Now, they really are doing better now that they lost the peacock. I must confess. Yeah. They're doing better. They are. They're doing good. I look good. I hope so. They sure look good. But that's Sally. So give me fits. I know that. But the nice people most of them were hit channel four. You guys can say that just because Gordon called, because you don't work there anymore. No. But it's true. And Rosemary's a great guy. He don't work there anymore either. He's in Palm Beach. That's right. On 25s. Anybody seen that station? I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I put the always there about Palm Beach. I don't get it. Even when I work there, I say that. I don't get it. I'd J&O. Which is, of course, the really important station in the market. Wonder how Lee Foller is doing. Wonder how he did in the Palm Beach trend if we're still kicking everybody's ass up there in midday. I will never hear from Lee. Lee is conspicuous by his absence, isn't he? Didn't he? Hmm. Well, that paranoid John Picono up there, J&O. 1144 WIOD to be tried Boko again. No, yeah Boko. No. But I got it. Wait a minute, is this a bad time for you sir? I was on the Yellow Zone, the ozone for a mature level here. Yeah, sounds like it. I have a seat up, fiery port. All right, laid on us sir. The other day, I was listening and I kind of let's step on song and remember what it was. But during the instrumental part of the song, all of a sudden I started hearing and I thought I was dreaming but it was true. I heard- I probably wouldn't have been on Boko this morning. Let's step on a whole lot of gloves. No, it wasn't that hard. Here's a joke sir. I got it. I got it. And all of a sudden the KCKs have been started playing from post on the on the left-up minister mental part. So I thought it was very bizarre. I don't know if- Well they've been doing that for a couple of weeks. They're trying to slowly but surely steal a few of our bits. I think you should see them. Okay. Bye. See ya. Oh, this is great. Hmm. You should have the other one. No. Well then you won't be able to eat one you think. Exactly. But now you close that up. I'm telling you they're going to melt. What would you like me to do with- Well I can't eat another one. Well I'll take them over to the newsroom. Now don't take them over to the newsroom. If they can't walk the distance from the newsroom into here, you don't have to be delivery boy. Okay. It's bad enough we have to feed them. True. All right. Okay. But they'll melt. Are you just looking for a excuse to go over and squeeze on April? I'm not dummy. Hmm. But... Hmm. Whatever. This is great. It is bad radio though. But I don't talk about it on the air. You've got a 75-year midday. I'm this god for sake and what used to be. A god for sake and radio station with a geriatric audience used to him. And we get memos of bad radio. Boy. Why do I try the bus for Louisville? There are a lot of these books that are the same. Really? Hmm. I like those vines books. Yeah, the ones that I've built vines names. And I'm going to excited about that too. I once had lunch with Bill Vines. He offered me a job. Huh. And he said, oh seriously. He said, wouldn't you like to be liked by everybody? Like Sandy and Bill? He did. And I said, no. I said, you nuts Bill. Bill Smith. God almighty. We could have a look. We'd rather have everybody love you. And I said, no, I don't want to be boring. Okay. And then, no, seriously, he was going to hire me back then. Thank God it didn't happen. Hmm. But then he got transferred to St. Louis. He got dumped out of the market. And so, 1147 at WIOD, 1150 at WIOD. I like that new part of the 11 o'clock news summary where we say, What is your name? Annemory. Are you there? I love that. See, we plan that out. A lot of you think that's by accident. Oh, I think we need to plan it. Oh, I think that's true. Anyway, let's see. This is, what is this? This book is October, November 1980. This is the same one I looked at before. I'm losing track at this point. I'm looking for afternoon drive. Well, they only had a 13 sure. So that must be Henry, I think, missed two games out of here. Hmm. He was in intensive care. I had a bad knee. He dropped a bottle on his knee. Anyway, it's 1151. I'm in it's till noon at WIOD. And the newest newsroom just came even Steve Stancele from over a GTR. How about that? He won during him all materially. And I'll Steve, we'd love to feed you. But the food from Wayne's Plus will be here momentarily. This was just a little dessert, a little appetizer. The cleanser are pallets. Are you okay, Henry? Exactly. Okay. Now, last week on his birthday, we cleansed our pallets with double fudge cheesecake. In between courses. That was good. It was an eye. And it worked very well. He's sharing gaming this and by the way. Interesting. Henry just kind of wandered in here and started to huck in a trying. Because they say, it's fantastic. What's going on here lately? Pretty soon some of the people from the sales department will start wandering in. No. We can really examine there IQ on the air in a very brief period of time. I like to host, it's a Bill Vines on the top. Vines. So that's exciting. It's like a little chapter of history. Isn't it like a little show-biz history that I have sitting in front of me here. This pile, if I can say that. Well, good luck to you. 152 at WIOD. And of course, another thing we have the new team here. And now we really got some tourists. You know what I'm saying? Anyway, let's take a call from Dave County. Hello. Just what do you think I can't get any worse than, right? Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Listen, I got a spary port for you. Okay. Vita. Oh yeah. And the swoon. They were, yeah. You got it. You got it. Yeah. They were doing that today. Doing what? They're probably the way. Wait a minute. They were doing what? That noise is just... No. No, they weren't. Are you serious? I'm positive. What? Yeah, but it could have been real. They may have seen the trend, you know what I'm saying? That's probably it. You know? Yeah. Listen. What are the names by the way? Is that the major in the captain? Yeah. The captain in Schlameel. Captain in Schlameel. Okay. Well, I just wanted to bring that across your way. And Neil and Brut have a good day. Okay. Am I a great lifesaver? Yeah. I think we invented it. That was just a little... That like that. Happy one. That. Boka. Yeah. Hey, hey, don't. Great question for you. Let's get the bird a little early. Why is it that you get a job in Quentin on your coach? Exactly. And in fact, April came in here just a minute ago with the rest of the news team and Steve Stance-A-Law trying to get rid of the rest of the desserts for us as a public service. And she looked at him and she said, what is his problem? She's got to wonder. And her boyfriend getting fit? Who's that April? Yeah. Why April's got a boyfriend? You didn't know? No, you're confused with Laura. Laura. No, no, no. April. I started last week. She got a boyfriend. Pretty big. You worked out the same gym we go to. Really? You better tell the bird you better see him as Nip. Have a good day, Neil. Okay. One of your fans. All big fan. Sir? You can have to dump me if I say what I want to say to you. Don't do that. I'm not going to say anything. Don't do it. I don't do it. Should have done it while he was on the front. Just try to remain calm. Okay. Well, once he mind his own business. His own goddamn business. Exactly. Thank you for putting it even clearer. Okay. Broward. Hello. Neil. Someone should tell the Colonel that, Elvis has left the building. Has he? Yep. What does that mean? He's left the building. Well, you know, it's easy to forget Stan. Is that it? That's it. Okay. Good call, pal. Dave County. Hello. Yeah. Have a nice day. Dave County. Hello. Neil. Yeah. This is your favorite Zeta Spirey border. Okay. Boy, we're really Zeta Intense. I know. I finally reached that one five level in the morning and people are going nuts. Yeah. Yeah. Made a phone call to my friend. The gun's his gun. What? Get out of here. He said it was true. I think Man he's been bugging their phones over there. Because he said I asked him and he said, yes, it's true. And hung up. Huh? So I don't know. What do you mean he is he on here now? Huh? Well, he's on right now. I'm fine. I'm fine. Hmm? He said that was true. What about him filing bankruptcy? Yep. I don't believe it. I don't know. I don't know. He said, yes, true. And he hung up on me. We said, yeah, that's true. And he hung up on me. We never had guns or rumors. Well, no, because he didn't have enough people to know who he is. I've rumors about him. Well, we'll check it out here. We'll check with our impeccable sources. Yeah. We have one more thing to say to you. I'll bet you do. He left him 56 to W.I.O.D. He sounded very familiar. He's an eternally boring side of the chronic to me. Hmm. Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like, a meal. Are you doing it? Aren't you lucky? Oh, right. I feel good now. Well, do you? I do. Just wait till the show's over, pal. Oh, well, you never know. I got a good say to find. Fire. Oh, oh, oh. Every pot is getting pondered. Every pot. Well, I want to eat. We're going to. All right. You're definitely going to call me an old young provocator. This is Dan the phone man. Oh, right. No. We don't tap anybody's line. Yeah. But I accidentally. I know. Dan. I'm blind. I slipped on the carnal's line. And he was calling home. Do you want to hear what he had to say? Sure. Whatever you got done. Okay, got it here. Come. Oh, man. The tape's messed up. What happened, Dan? Oh, oh, oh. He's an old young provocator. Like that. Yeah. 150. Oh, that would have been nice 150. Wow. That would have been great. But then we would have missed the great lunch that's coming from Wayne's Plus. But. But. I thought he's seven a W.I.O.D. Palm Beach is not flashing. We're doing screenless today. Okay. So when I punch it up, you don't have to say why don't talk to me. And I go through a big. Simis. Okay. I like ones that don't believe it when you say you're speaking. Yeah. Well, we'll do. We'll put them on hold. Madam talked to whoever picks up the phone somewhere in the building. Certainly not in the control room. Well, let the sales people pick it up. Okay. I'll be quite an expert on that. I'll teach them. Dave County. Hello. Yeah. Hey. I got a. Larry King. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. It's got a quote in it by Donald Trump during interview with Larry King. Hmm. And what he's saying is, you don't mind if I sit back to your brist now. Really bad. Oh. Well, now who said that? Uh, Donald Trump said that to the. Oh. Oh, Donald Trump said that to Larry to the blockbuster of the year. Yeah. Wow. That breath is a year. Okay. In fact, Roger says, um, he saw it. It's his way of intimidating King. Is that it? That was his way of into. Well, this is way of being honest to. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Oh, by the way. Yeah. I'm eating right now. Is this bad? It's bad. Oh, yeah. See him. Oh, isn't that something your bread stinks? Now King was a broadcast for the year. Dick fatherly was also broadcasted broadcasted broadcast personality. There in six years ago 1883 1880. I'm Larry King. Maybe you wanted to don a cash from a check. Yeah. Maybe you wanted to take him to the track and the buy him 20 or 30,000. $1,000 worth of tickets. Something like that. Well, he shouldn't mind anybody that buys a hundred thousand dollars worth of lottery tickets in Pennsylvania. And try to undermine those poor working people. And he can't mind. And coal mines. And oh, the food is coming through the door. What great timing. Okay. So if our news department, I shouldn't invite them any. Let's get first pick. Please. It's time. Okay. Yes. Did I was sitting here with an empty plate. Yeah. Please. Seriously. I'm sitting here yesterday for like ten minutes with an empty plate. And he savages these these gray robbers out there that they're like going nuts. True. So give us a couple of minutes to delve through. What didn't see what the good stuff is. And they're trays and napkins and four. And they will let them in on it. Okay. But they're not like coming at any time. April wore them standing by April's kind of certainly today. She's got the noon Wiod denue. We'll be back at 12.05. And Steve, I know it's hard to believe. Another rabbi, myrca, Hanocio, setting new highs on the history of broadcasting at 2 this afternoon. New stock radio 610 Wiod presents New Rogers. To get in touch and talk. Call 751 Wiod in day. 524 Wiod in Broward. Or 655 and 278 Wiod in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or caller are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's New Rogers. On New stock radio 610 Wiod. Well, now we're really happy. 1207 Wiod in the food is just coming from Wayne's plus. Why are these great guys? Now, he tied into building. Todd isn't a building. Okay. Now, Todd has got to come in first. And then Andy and Jared and all the other people can. But Todd has got to come in first because he gets like first pickings, right? Is he in there? April of course can come in too, but she's upset with you. So she probably won't come in. I don't know. He doesn't like you today. Sitting here, you're a jerk today. She thinks you're a jackass. Sitting right, minding my own business. Do you mind you got a problem? And I did all four of the problems called life. And I said, yeah, they did beat us in the book life. And she said, book, what's that? Oh, here they come. Here they come. Fasten your seatbelt. Oh, I see your heads up there in the hallway. Oh, and Todd, Todd gets first pick. Todd's not coming in here. Well, that's okay. Get call rossed home. Okay. There he is. See, now we didn't let you down. Okay, Andy, come on in. Everybody from the newsroom come in slowly, quietly. So he doesn't get agitated again. Here's a little April. Oh, April has had right over toward the bird. Look at this. Now what to put a little kiss on his ear? Well, I don't know what I did. I was sitting here. Just like a place and something or something. Like, so just open all these things. Is this too much for you overwhelmed, Todd? Oh, we got a little. Great. Why? You're nice for you. You want to salad? Yeah. Well, at this end, I'm telling you, what a faker this kid is. You know? Golly. Now he's finally his origins are fighting the starting of the show. You know, it's a plant city. Golly. Sound like he ought to be on with Andy Griffith or something. And on maybe maybe we're, maybe we're, maybe we're, I can't even say it. Oh, there you go. I'm not into those shows. I'm sorry. And here, of course, who's always left out in this stuff. I have no idea why. Just like kind of the odd man out. But that isn't the good way to put it. Oh, is that what it is? Oh, worked. Doesn't seem to bother the rest of these people. No. No. 1209. At lunchtime at the mall. Are you okay? No. I may have one of those that you want some chili. Do you like chili? No, I'm just looking at what all you have in your mouth. What all we got, what? What does that mean, Todd? You want to start with the chili? What do you want to start with? What do you want to start with? What does that mean, Todd? You want to see what I got? Not much. Not much. Let's see what you got, Todd. Anyway, there's this, uh, sub sandwich here, which is great. I'm going to have just one quarter of that. Anybody want it for Italian sub? No. Well, I need to hold them. I'm thinking, how would you guys? Okay. Yeah, all that other stuff. Now, what do you, I want to make sure you get everything you want. Because otherwise, then you'll go into a rage. I'm going to have some of the celery with a blue cheese. Wow. These guys are just going to Nick better dive in here real quick. These people are like, you know, beating for a year. I don't have a couple of those of them because they sound good crunching on the year and some blue cheese. Thank you very much. What? And look at this, even Mitch came creaking in here a little bit late. So you better get right into the fish. Would you like to come over here to a microphone and repeat the thing you told me out in the Hall? Would you like to say that yourself, rather than what it is? Those are mushrooms, aren't they? Aren't those the, uh, wood-fried mushrooms? Yeah. Let's say it on the air. Listen to this steak with horseradish sauce. You told me out in the hole. It's fish. If you, those are kosher, too, Jared. It's got a little circle you want to get you the thing there? What did he say? I said the sales people are asshole. Exactly. We don't know. Oh, yeah. I just like to put it. Yeah. Yeah. You want to put that up. Would you do me a favor? Ah. And that same voice put that on a cart. Okay. One that recuse real fast. Ah, ha ha. No, I'm sure you're not going to go that voice. Yeah. Boy, I love that. Hopefully Bill Mullin will be tuned in when we play. Anyway, it's 11 pass no to WI. Do everybody seems to have gotten what they want. So to speak, everybody was smiling. Anytime, and he does lots more here. So don't the whole back because I know you won't. Good behavior. Yeah, they were really good today. They were not looking incredibly good today, didn't they? Anyway, it's, ha ha ha ha ha. Are there any wings? Because I was going to have one of the garlic with all this. A whole million of mok. I just go to try those because like you know, you're not big enough chicken and you're munging all over the place. What Mitch is going to be hysterical. Hmm. I feel like Mr. Food. I mean, not quite so ugly. Ha ha. God, who is that good? Can we say that or is he got a patent on that? Hmm. Garlic wings are sensational. These are like the Catskill garlic. Here's, here's, here's trouble. Who was it? All right, fine. Who was it? This Laura. Laura, come on now. Laura. Please, don't play hard. You can never miss today. Laura has never missed any lunch here. But we're doing that. Come on, Laura. You don't have to wait for the break. I will not do the break to Laura comes in the studio, okay? Uh-oh. Oh my God. Oh, everything was going so well. Wow, this movie. Everything was so quiet. What happened to your meeting? Yeah. Come on. Back to your meeting. Mr. Mickey Mouse just showed up in a control room. Back to your meeting. I'm glad going so well. I knew I was feeling good for some reason. All of a sudden, my old IOD allergies act and up again. But you'll be pleased to know we found in a class at all these old arbitron books. Okay, and they all got Bill Vines name on them, all right. So just govern yourself accordingly in there. Twelve minutes passed, no, Laura. Aren't you going to come in here and eat? Oh yeah. Do we have to beg you? Or have you been doing a little frisky business with Todd there in the newsroom? Is that what it is? You can't wait for Ross to come into Mar. Are you going to start hitting up on Todd today, aren't you? She's out of control this weekend, she. Better have a long talk with Scott. See what's going on there. It's Robert has passed noon at WIOD. Some ways double the meat on your favorite subway subs, the super subs. Their stops packed and double packed. Some bags double packed. Some ways super subs. They got quite some meat. And that's a pack. You might think you're feeling double-summing. That's double packed. Some ways super subs. First we take the bread from the oven, then we stop it. We just back on a thick layer of meat and double packed with another layer. Plus cheese and all of free fixants and fifth. Try a super VNV, a super clover, a super combo, and get white to meat. Some way double packed. Where is feeling count? A soup sum and more to love. Keep feeling in larger love. Some way back in double packed. Some way super fun. Right now it's subway by any regular six inch sandwich, only a buck 99. That's a dollar 99 only it's subway. I'm what you'd call a financial conservative. I clip coupons, got a early bird's specials, make my own shoes. I've even found it properly washed and dried. Use paper towels or perfectly serviceable. Recently, however, I did something quite exciting. I opened a new kind of past book savings account. It's called the Premium Passport Get Carole Gables Federal. Because it's a passport account, it's convenient and handy. I keep it right in my software. And because it's from Carl Gables Federal, one of America's strongest financial institutions, I know it's safe and secure. Now here's the best part. It's earning me more money. More than any passport account I've ever had. In fact, I get high market rates without tying my money up in a CD and there's no penalty for early withdrawal. If you're a conservative saver like me, you'll pick up your phone right now. And call Carl Gables Federal about their new Premium Passport. It's a local call, so there's no charge. Remember F.S.L.I.C. Excuse me, I didn't know Pelican strength Florida grape root juice. Oh, yes, we get very safe. And I'm refreshing, isn't it? We get thirsty. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But after all, herring's a grape root juice refreshes. One thing alone takes away my fresh grape root juice from Florida. Because grape root juice from Florida. Was he drinking a loner on the rock? Oh, low on the rocks in the air everywhere. Refreshing Florida grape root juice, 100% pure. Boy, was I thirsty. On your next trip to Albertson's, pick up Carl Picano 100% pure Florida grape root juice. It's a deal too good to miss. A channel six action news follow up report. We are victim. And we are dead on the stir over town. Before months, we got some tough questions. People are still without cars. And mothers, they're still without child. Now we ask what's happened and what hasn't. The improvements are coming. And hopefully there'll be more and more visible with this stay. Beverly County Rodriguez follows up as a search for answers. Continues tonight at 611 on Channel 6 action news. In another inside edition exclusive, Ralph Nader investigates a Houston business man who is slaughtering our Redwood Forest. He says he owns them. Can do what he wants. But he's cutting 129 football fields of trees a day. Which is more important. A person's rights to private property or the public's rights to environmental protection. See the hidden story when we drink the news inside out on Inside. It is a white inside edition. Tonight at 730 on the new Channel 6. All right, try to control your stuff now. You know, the public's team, WIT. No. Spencer is in the studio now. I don't know. I bring the vet back next week. He's going to put it back into a mess. That was a mess, Spencer. Not only did they get the bugs off, all those love bugs. But it was smeared and just the ruin. You're going to do it. You're going to do it again. I can't. I'm sitting up right. Oh. Why is he thinking I was going to do it? I'm wrong. He's today. There was a nightmare. I would never expect it from you. You do such great work all the rest of the time. I'm going to do it again. So you're going to have to personally supervise this one next week. Okay. Thank you, Laura. That was very kind. Come on. Digging now. We've got to get rid of that. Why? Why are you thinking how to do this? This is an issue. It's going to take all of our own. Exactly. See you, Spencer. See you. See you. See you. Do you want to drop on that super? Good. Did you hear it all up again? You were so... Hmm. Okay. Take care of yourself. Not because you only live once. Okay, Spencer. Yeah. By the way, say goodbye to the Colonel for his next Monday when you go with him. I don't think he'll be seeing him too much over there. I'm going to tell him you love it. Yeah. We go ahead. Tell him more of the fans. Yeah. See you, Spencer. Get out of here. I'm going to go home. Oh, oh. Yeah. I drove you out, all right. Twelve-eighteen. What a day. On lunchtime at the oldies. Is that what this is? Surplus is the crudely of plague the United States and the Western world. Yeah. And we're taking care of it right now. Ah. But this chili is great, okay? And the garlic wings from wings plus. Because I'm not a chicken person. I pointed that. I'm just, I usually just eat the Italian sub, which I'm also having a little slice of. But the garlic wings are so good that it's obscene. Yeah. They are great. They're quite a bit. Just a little hot. It's great. Just a little. Just a little touch. This is so pleasant today. Yeah. Everybody was going to be happy. That's behavior today. Yeah. And Tom came in and made some kind of grotesque comment. And then everything was great. And it's nice. It's like a picnic, isn't it? Oh, when he made that one comment, what it came in, he said, what do you got there? And I showed him. He started breaking out in tears. I was seriously crying. Yeah. And I can relate to it. 12-8-8-8-2-W-I-O-D. And the Roger had a little snack there. And Nick has been picking out his usual and his own quiet, disgusting way. And we're just having a great time. Aren't we? Yeah. And we are. Aren't we? Mm-hmm. Snack time at the moldy. This chili boy is great. And I don't even like chili. Mm-hmm. Well, see how I don't like mochili because mochili has got too much beans in it. And not for me. Not for me. Not for me. Okay, let's take some calls. We're doing screamers today and we're going over the ratings and just all kinds of How's the right to kill some time? I couldn't believe when Disney came back in the building was that shocking. Frightening or what? Yeah. Thanks. Boy. When I saw Disney all of a sudden I started to, uh, start to back up a little bit. Some of the food. Date County. Hello. Yeah. Well, I was kind of a cute girl. I do bad you couldn't hear it. Yeah. Yeah, you missed out on a real cute, um, provocateur call. Yeah. I don't think cute is the word. Yeah, sure glad you're taking these calls every now and again. Yeah, every once in a while just to spice it up. Just for a little variety. I think you're part of it. Began to the kernel. Oh, oh, oh. I thought, I thought, I thought this song might be appropriate today. I'm a traveling man. Made a lot of style. Ha ha ha. What do you have to do to WIOD? Ha ha ha. The rock of soft Florida. See ya. Browered. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Great. Oh, good. Couple things. First of all. This is an Lloyd. Is it? Oh. Hi. I was the first one. Really? You can tell me. Boat some of the reading for the motivation channel. I'll tell you why. It didn't show up. Is that right? Because I turned off. They never show up. They don't make it. Yeah. So we've zipping through the channel from a M and I happened to listen. And there was actually a 10-minute election. One guy was given on those little square yellow stick-om pads. Uh huh. And that was it. There was a whole thing. A 10-minute thing on that. And I think it's a draw audience. Like a magnet. Oh, yeah. They can't even motivate anybody to listen to the station. Yeah, no. I'm going to call yesterday and ask you to play the tired will-brake to record it. Yeah. You remember, well, you're not going to believe that. What are you call that? No, no. Yeah. I had George and Marl and recorded for me. There was a recording. George and Marl and Marl. You didn't come out. But listen. I read the instruction books right now. This is recording the recording level. Remember the guy on Zeta that time you played a bit for me? Well, this was the same thing. Yeah. Call that. I didn't even have a recording now. Play it again. Play it this, pal. Okay. We did it. You're mine. Doug at a play that's for the whole little- Yeah. I even played a little- Yeah. I even played a little- Yeah. We don't just turn the whole show around on demand for some the minted douchebag. Like you see your wonderful guy and you sound like you're really under the age of 100. But get lost. God. Hmm. Oh, that's a good. That's recorded. Our real complicated. We got to hit play in the recording. No, I have one more of those garlic wings. Just for the hell of it. Because they are just tremendous, God are they great. Hmm. Hmm. Travelling man. Hey, you're Houston's real nice. Oh, you're open-over. Ha ha ha. Houston, you know, Dallas. Real nice. Yeah, this lost and perfect. Oh, right. Oh, right. Hmm. More as most people say, when the rash did they listen to the morning show on Zeta. El Paso. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Whoa. Yeah. What a setup I did for that. Yeah. I heard it. That was a good one. I didn't even write it out long handy. Ha ha ha. Hmm. These garlic wings good. God. I can't believe how good they are. I've been missing out on this. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. the best. Wow, boy. Mr. Food, each you're hard on. 23 past noon at good old Wild. Did anybody come by and say, hey nice job in the trans yesterday? We get a little note under the door or anything? No, they never do that. Well, the book came out. They said, hey, pretty good, huh? Go to hell. Well, they're upset because you do get your job. Yeah, yeah. And the good station just keeps going up and up and up. And GDR is bounce around like a yo-yo. They don't even have the dolphins. At least that yet. Yeah. Boy, put the salary with the blue cheese. Football does well on that. Remember the Super Bowl on that day? And it's only 17 years till the first game. Oh. State turn for those hot 60 second promos, exclusively on Wild. We're the weekends are deadly. Okay. A tree on a weekend. And you imagine if we had like decent numbers on a weekend? We have a six on this day. Oh, no. We had anything but those taped mung things on a weekend. But we don't want to interfere because it's not our Bailey wick. Okay, that's not our thing. 24 past noon at Wild. Toyota of Hollywood is the South. All right. Now you're going to be all right. We're having little choking spas. That sounds like my big dog. He eats too much. Yeah. Just jams it down and any starts choking now. Occasionally puking and disgusting things. And it's just disgusting. Cloud was the water this time went down the wrong way. But it's amazing. It happened during the break. Whoops. Yeah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. I like this. Don't do it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're doing a little screamless here today. We have an open line in Boca at 278 Wild where it's not flashing. The Italian sub is great too with the spicy sounding co-cultons. Mm. Mm. Well, it's from America. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And of course this is bad radio. Anybody seen Boigarri or do they put him on the back of the bus? I don't hear. Mm. How about spike wise? Not for you. Won't see him. Well, Mike Disney really was sufficient. Yeah. Yeah. That was more than not. Because you know what I've always said. Sales people are rancels. 1229 Wild. Now why is this bad line ringing? Shall we punch it up? Sure. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. It's Rick from Los Angeles. How you doing, Rick? Or did you get this number? Pretty good. I gave me the bad line number last time I called. That's right. I just wanted to see if you remember. Oh yeah. So what's going on, Rick? Oh, no, Mike. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. So what's going on, Rick? Oh, no, Mike. I imagine you guys have gotten the news right now. What's it? Uh, that's a little talk about Rob. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, though. Do you think really that story got to us, way over here? Uh, maybe. Oh, this is Roblo's friend, Rick. Yeah. Now, what do you make of all that? Well, I can't say a whole lot myself right now. I can let you in a little information. Yeah. About it. Rob, plans on coming out. Yeah. No. With the statement. Oh, with the statement. Yeah. Later this week. Well, it made plans on coming out. Yeah. No. With the statement. Oh, with the statement. Yeah. Later this week. Now, I saw him on the news this morning from Ken. They talked to him. From Ken. From Ken, France. All right. And his statement was so ambiguous. I mean, well, I think. Well, I think. Well, I think. I didn't say anything. I didn't even see that. I didn't know you said anything yet. Yeah. But really, you didn't miss anything. Really? Yeah. Not it was. It was so veiled. It was wearing a veil. In the can. Yeah. That Roblo, man. I'm trying to look on the kinky side, I think, huh? I saw the film. It turns out that the girl is was really river Phoenix. Yeah. Is that possible? Uh, no. Please marry to some guy. Yeah. Yeah. Name Marty. That's right. It's pretty bizarre. Well, the day you can't be sure what the hell's going on. You know? This is even if the body parts looked like the right ones. You still can't be sure. You know, that's the thing. Yeah. Really is. Nobody knows who's what or what's what anymore. Yeah. Yeah. That's a practically brilliant battery of, uh, of biologists. But I wasn't involved in it. But when I saw the film, it's very hard to tell who's who. And what's what, yeah. Yeah. You saw the uncensored film? Yes. For you did? The whole 22 minutes. Now, who is in it? Well, there's a person named Rob in the. Yeah. They call him Rob. They do the same. Was that his at him? Uh, I don't know. You don't know. I really don't know. And then there's a guy named Bruce. Well. Yeah. They call him Rob in the film. That's true. And then, coincidences. It could be. Oh, yeah. And there's a couple of girls who look like River Phoenix. Well, actually Madonna. Well, actually there's only one girl in the film. How many guys are there? Two. Two. Yeah. Well, that's figured. But I think you'll come out with a little more, uh, the next time he comes out with something. Okay. Well, it comes out with anything ever again. Yeah. If he ever brings it out again. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm sure that you're just sitting there with baited breath. Give us a call. If you get any updates, Rick. I sure will. Okay. Have a great life. You did it. My son, a pretty excited. Well, that's what everybody's interested in. That's Roblo. Big story this week. Well, I was always interested in Roblo. See, I'm. I'm always like way ahead of everybody. I had a, yeah. A front runner. Um, uh, how about those cops by the way, a game ahead, well, a metz fans must be really up to us today. Boy, they won't even talk to us. I'm sure we have one open line, not flashing in Boka. Two seven eight nine four six three two seven eight WIOD. Now, we got to get some more help on his food. Okay. This is not a joke. We got more garlic wings. We got several more that what what is in this thing? The two to platter. Oh, look at that. Look at how beautiful that is. Is there, is there a bill pickle in there? Do I see? Cause I'll eat the pickle. I mean the dill pickle. Cause to let that go to waste would be criminal, man. Huh. Don't think about us, use. We never let dill pickles go to waste. Oh, look, there's some eggs. I can't believe that Jared wouldn't be eating the dill pickle. Can you? Mm-hmm. Yeah, there's some eggs in there. Do like those. Boy, all the eggs. So anyways, we approach this next break. You guys better, um, they won't last stop. Mm-hmm. And clean up the rest of this here. Okay, there's wings and there's the salad and there's celery and there's all kinds of stuff. Okay? They did a pretty good job. Oh, they did a decent job. But I don't want to see any more of this sub. There's like half of the Italian sub left. Mm-hmm. Speaking of food, which we really do want to show. Uh-huh. Siams doll with that great Thai food up there in Latterdale. It wants to pass along the ward. They want you to come in when they're not there, right? No, cause. So bone call the other day. In fact, they're coming in the Friday. Aren't they? With food. Oh. How do you like that? And that unusual somebody's bringing lunch on a Friday. And Siams doll will be closed this Sunday the 28th and Monday Memorial Day and also starting in June, which is just a week away. They'll be closed on Sundays throughout the rest of the summer and then they'll reopen on Sundays in September. And so we just passed that long. You know, for those who care to send their very best. And if you want to sample some of that great Thai food, which is just delicious, it's spicy. Or if you really like it extra hot, they'll make it that way. But whatever you get on a menu, it's fantastic, including the curry pop and the saute and all those delicious appetizers and all the delicious on trays as well. A prices are very moderate and the service outstanding. Boone and his family will make you feel like a king or queen as the king may be at Siams doll. They're at 44 61 North State Road 7. That's in the Lake Town Center, where Lutterdale lakes for exact directions. You call Boone at 731-8328. 731-8328 for the finest in Thai food, Siams doll. The rapid growth of pleasure voting is at our toast like a title way. Making Florida's Enter Coachville, one of the deadliest bodies of water in the country. Are you sure you're so happy? Are you happy? You're not happy. Add to that the judge's key phrase and you have a problem that runs deeper than the Thai. Rakeless fun seekers are leaving a wake of tragedy. This is John Turchin. Is his favorite to stay ashore? Watch my report. Enter Coach, out of control. Lieutenant-10, I witness that tonight at 611 and watch Nightline with Ted Couple at 1130. ABC News, America's choice. A lot of people bet the lottery. Not too many win though. Not much fun just losing. Not much. Went to highlight the other night. One a couple of bets came out of her 70 bucks a half. That's bad. Still an X to me won the Super Fet to the same game I won a quenella. Over $2,000. No, what he said to me. No. He said it's nice that it next to a winner. Fact. Thousands of one in single bets every night at Miami Highlight. Go with the odds of good. Miami Highlight. Let's see. It's double. You're probably on the... There's no problem. 1236 at WOD is we're trying to... Now there's a couple more garlic wings. Those are two good to waste. Okay. I'm going to have one more. Maybe. I don't want to make a big mess here because you know somebody will get a hysterical. But these are just... And then the smart thing to do is you dip them in this mong, you know, in a garlic mong test. What is the mong? Well, what do you call this? Choose. Well, that sounds disgusting. Ha ha ha. Hmm. God are those good. You're not good. You're not good. You're not good. Okay. All I got this Nick is coming to help us clean up a little bit. So that's big. Hmm. You're not going to take that whole salad? Ah, geez. Not blunt. The newsroom is really letting us down. Aren't they? Ha ha ha. They really are. We got a little... Little leftovers in here. We wish they would just come all our next seems to be doing a real good job. Yeah, it's... These are. Did you have some of these already? Yeah. The best. Well, I don't even like chicken anymore. Okay. I've been chicken to death. But these are too good to be true. Hmm. Hmm. 1237 a W.I.D. I know this disgusting today. We just go on overboard. Aren't we? How are we doing just a little bit too much today? And we had the desserts before we started. Two garlic cloves. That's good. I guess what's coming up in the next break. Two garlic wings and a little salad. That's all that's left. Yeah. Pick the clean. I'll come back and finish that up just for all the time. See. Hmm. Ha ha ha. Anyway, let's take a call and have a look at how to. Hello. Yes. The new Roger show? No. Is this the new I would do? Of course. What do you ask it dumb questions, pal? Well, I like to talk to the new Roger. Ha ha. Okay. Oh. You used to be on 94th. Hmm. I've been out of 10. No, get out of here. We've been here almost seven months. Well, I've been out. I've been up. How's everything? It's great. Now, it's not that 94th station back to music. Yeah. Well, now they got this morning show. They got a one five share in the morning. They're really knocking them dead. Right? No. You know, this is a very strong station. Very big fall and good to hear you do a well. It is? Oh, yeah. W-I-O-D-S-2-R. It is. It's like I never heard of it before I came over. Alright. Great. Listen. I just wanted to tell you good luck. Although I still hate your style. You hate everything you say. I hate everything. But you got, you know, what it takes to get on, you know, to get on things I can say. But you got, you know, be one. Yeah. That's what you think. Good luck to you. Okay, pal. We hate you too, okay? You said everything else? Why couldn't you say that? Yeah. You didn't hear all that call. No, I had a dump. What thing you said? But you didn't want to say balls. That's incredible. But you said everything else. The management was up playing golf without him this morning. So why should that stop him? 1239, 21 till 1 a day. Did Kati hello. Welcome to our eat first. This is your man on the street for WIOD. Well, it's been nice talking to you. We, all these comedians, man. We're not interested. Don't you understand. We're not interested. Get your own show, okay? In fact, after seeing these numbers ought to be a lot of possibilities in town. Hmm. Palm Beach. You know, there's so slow in the uptake. Listen to the music in the background. Oh, this is another one of these guys who's playing the terra force on here. He's in the diagonal. And the music is in the attic, okay? And he's holding a phone up. Can you hear it? He thinks everybody can do like Lee Folley. You know, just open a window and it goes on here. Broward. Hello. Broward. Yeah. Hey. All right, guys. What's shaking, pal? I'm nuts. Who is it? Carlos. You got it. Well, that's depressing Carlos. What do you want? Nothing. You've been asking me to call. That was just a joke. You think that's serious? We want to hear that machine, Carlos. I'm setting it up. Yeah. I got to setting it up. I've been set up before Carlos. You know what I mean? I don't know what you're talking about with me. I never... Yo, Joe with two ends. You know what I feel? You know who that guy is? Who hasn't called since he made that trip to my house. What he was doing little surveillance? I know. I've never heard of it. Pretty boring, too, because there wasn't anything going on. I guess maybe that's why we don't hear from anyone. Well, I've nothing to do. If he wants to come back, I'll be more happy to fulfill his desires. Whatever it was. Well, I've nothing to do with that. I don't know what you know. Well, he talked about you with great line Carlos. And then all of a sudden, that following Monday, you were the first caller. And I thought it was pretty suspicious, Carlos. All he said was that he... That someone asked him about me at Sheridan 7. Right? Yeah. And that's it. What do you mean that's bring like, or didn't say some more stuff? He said you were an O-Jumperovaca tour, as what he said. Basically. Oh, he's got a Joe guy. You don't know him? Ah, never heard of it. Well, he's working now for the CIA. Uh-huh. Oh, no, who he is. Yeah, he and Stem are working for the CIA. They're going to be a team of brain surgeons together. It's a bird. That's a happy bird. Thanks, Carlos. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. This is my birthday a couple weeks before that. Your turn? Yeah, are you two? Yep, me, sir. No, careful. Nobody cares. Uh-huh. I was work going. It's going good. It's going. I have nothing new being so mean to me lately. Hmm. Why should today be a need to friend? Then, you're still new in that to me when I first called the first couple times. No, we... Till I got to know you better, Carlos. You never got to know me. Thank God. Just a radio show, Carlos. This is your friend, right? No, your friend. Sales, people are assholes. Oh, that's a good thing. Great. I just came out of nowhere. I know. I like that a lot. You love it, Carlos. You love people being mean and cruel and tying you up in the corner and whips and changes. Now, what you're into, Carlos. Be honest with us. I love it. Yeah. I told you, if we were nice to you, you wouldn't know how to handle it. How come your phone is getting like so muffled we can't understand it? I'm a dad and a phone? Yeah. I'm a dad. In closing. Wait, wait, don't hang up. There you go. There we go. It can actually understand it now. What kind of a phone was that? Was that a pornograph? No. I just... I just switched phone. Oh, Carlos, you are so boring, man. It's called, I may pass out. I just came to explain to you that, I don't know what's going on with this Joey guys. Well, we don't either. I guess it's Mr. Not Joey. Joey is another guy. Okay, Joey's okay. This is Joe with two ends. Yeah. Very mysterious, very strange bizarre, and is disappeared from the face of the earth. All right, you guys ready? Here we go. That's good. I was that. Have a great day, Carlos. Take a good day, man. See you. Well, well. 43 a WIOD. Open line and Broward, 5249463. 524WIOD again, we thank profusely our friends at WEE's Plus for lunch. That's obviously, we're going to come back over and over again. That's tremendous. God is a good. I'm disappointed though that there's a little stuff left over here. And that Todd, you notice how Todd like, Salted down here and he never came back in the fish and off? I think so. No, I didn't notice. I think that's a little bit of a big thing. So, you know, I think we're going to be able to do this. You know, I think there's a lot of a lot of the celery. There's more that tuna salad platter that's sitting over there that's I'm going there's at least one or two of those wings. Only one, well, I made the wing. I'm going to finish that on. Like I said, you're trying to, people like covering or somebody putting male in a bottle. Why don't you tell out there? I keep seeing these heads in the hallway out there. Nothing going on out there that I can see. A little bit more than you. Well, he did that on purpose, probably no kitten. Oh, he forb. Boy, this was really something special. I watched him out. Marce Thursday and we got natural leaps for no, we'll be here briefly. Briefly. Brando's going to have a very limited visit. Well, that's nice. In other words, just slide the food out of the door for an endo. And then, in Friday, we got bone in the box with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little m it. I'm going to be on the side of the table. And then Monday on a holiday no less. There are no there's come back with those incredible little rock castle cheese. Amazing. I don't know how you do it. Now, I'm curious about this, though, okay? I don't know whose schedule I guess. Toots post a work Monday, Wednesday and Friday and Ross works Tuesday and Thursday. And Jared works whenever he feels like it. Who's going to be on Monday? Are you working Monday? I know, I know. And you're still going to be here because we got real castle burgers coming on Monday. Oh, yeah, I work. Even on holidays. This is so real. I'm always on. What a guy. Yeah, it seems like it. And that lesson is just a little stuff left over here. But we don't want you to go away hungry, OK? And Laura said that she was wrong. She said, Ross looked good, but she's taking a good second look at you. And she's having second thoughts, OK? He's not interested in Laura, OK? I don't want to hurt Laura. She's taught just saying, he didn't say it in so many words. But he just, I didn't say, don't say it. What? I'll say it over there. No. I won't say it on here. How about off here? It's not interested Laura. You think you're a dog? Anyway, it's 1245. Now you would like, for example, if you were just bored for a few minutes, right? Yeah, go ahead. If you were bored for a few minutes and Laura stopped by and there was nobody else like Monday when it's a holiday, you might entertain her for a few minutes, right? Yeah. Yeah. A few hours or days is the case may be. OK. Listen, Todd, don't stay away too long. Call 46 at WIOD. It's time to talk more food now. The Armadillo Cafe. One thing about this show, we don't overdo it on the food. You know what I say? Yeah, take off. Well, that's a garbage. See, come back. I'll say now you're liking him a little bit better. Does he hates your guts? He just, he just, he does. He hates your gut. Don't you? Don't you hate him? I don't even know the man. How can I hate you? But will I never stop evening Laura? It never stopped you before. If he had maybe if he had a couple of large breasters, something you might like him. And then he probably get on her all though. And then you'd wake him on him and get her. And then he'd wake him on him and get her. And then he'd wake him on him and get her. Well, because you've been surely all to even April came in. Usually you're like cuddling April and you grab everything you didn't get. And today it would like she looked at you with a look that could kill. Oh, it's reading something. But she said, are you a salesman or something? You know why she said, are you a salesman? Salespeople are asshole. I was sitting here reading something or something. And she's like, she's the surly one. Oh, yeah, I think, ask April what the hell is going on in there. Thank you, Todd. Come back anytime. 1240, he says, well, he's, you know what he is? There's a word that I've been looking forward to describing from plant city, healthy. Okay. Would you say that's right? Don't ask me these questions. If you keep asking me these questions, I'm going to say something. And it's going to hurt people's feelings. Okay. And that's not what I want to do. What are you going to say about him? Don't push it. Yeah, I go to eat. He eats. I don't even know. I don't know any of them. And you hate him. I know. I don't. How about Allen? You hate Allen? Yeah. Okay. I know him. How can you hate somebody? Don't know them. So in other words, if they'd hang out in here, it makes them more noise and be a little more obnoxious than I'd hate them. Okay. Okay. I guess you guys have got the message 1247WIOD. Armadillo Cafe. Wow. I got to say one thing. Okay. I don't care anybody else in this market. You can go on and talk about all the great restaurants. And you know, there are a lot of people who have good restaurants. But we got just tons of places. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. And most of them don't cost you an arm and leg. That's a great thing about Armadillo Cafe. The prices are very modest. Call 51 at WIOD. See you forgot all about that. I sure did. We got the second race in about, um, all 45 minutes or so. 40 minutes coming from a highly a final cat is the bird's pick with Steve. Gaffly on. Good luck to you on that one. My pick is way back in a seventh race. Katie Overse Street with Mike Gonzalez. I'm not going to be a fool anymore. Pick early. So, you can call in and you will evaluate me. Okay. I'll finally learn. Sooner or later. So anyway, I don't know why you hate Todd. But he's a pretty good guy. Anyway, let's put this down here. I've never said one word. Why didn't he? He's guys that come in. I've never said one word for sex. I don't know. I don't know. I'm like a real fool and gale are wonderful. The lightful young ladies and I think they're great. Yeah. Do you hear me? Yeah. I want to put the move on. I'm not sure if you're not evaluating and drooling about them on the air. Yes. As a matter of fact, that April, she comes anywhere near the door and you get into heat. Okay. You got so choked up before. I didn't think you were going to be able to continue the show. Audience heard it. I heard what. Oh yeah. She was just hanging outside the door. You start gagging and choking getting hysterical. 1253 a Wild. Broward, hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. This is Judy from a hot dog hot that nearly. Hey, Judy. What are you doing? Who is this? Neil. Neil. We're doing screenless duty. How long have you been ringing the phone? Do you know that I have tried to call you numerous times. Where have you been? I have a girl working on the corner now. You have a girl working on a car. Well, does she have people don't know you if you need that doesn't sound too good. Okay. Why is she taking over for me? The hot dog car. For this summer. Yeah. How you been? We've been great. We're just eating up a storm here. One of my customers came by and told me that he had spoken to when you said. Tell the call. Tell the call. You know. But I tried. Well, when you're this popular, Judy. You know what I mean? I wanted to wish it luck or not ago. Well, here we are. Neil. Yeah. There was a paint and body shop that you've been advertising. I just put a little Mustang in it. Paint. Citron. CITRO M. Are they really good? Yeah. Where are they located? Oh, geez. Call them up to see. They got like three different locations. But real close to you. Yeah. They're not far from you. Palmello in like 47. Yeah. All right. Yeah. They're right off the palm at a couple of blocks. I'm really glad I got through to you. Well, thank you. Well, listen. It's great hearing from you. So in other words, you're not going back out on the street. I mean, with a car. Well, I had a little surgery on my face. Little improvement. Mm-hmm. And the doctor says no more sun. Oh, no more sun. No more sun. No. This girl, Jodie, is really doing really great. She's still on hot dogs like they're going out of style. Great. Did you read the article Sunday that the Harold did? No, I don't read the Harold. Oh, he already did. It's a versus of paper. They didn't do me too good this time. What they ripped you? Well, there's a couple of hot dog carts down the road. Like, near US 27. And they're they're saying that I'm using a scanty tactic out there to see. Because there to sell because this girl Jodie was short. What's wrong with that? Asked, I don't know. USM. I don't know. Staying to take business away from them. Yeah. Yeah. They probably got, what's his name? Tom Feelear. It's probably standing around with a raincoat and binoculars out there at the shopping center across the street and then checking things out. You know what I mean? Well, it wasn't nice with these big, you know. Well, the hell with them. You know, in fact, every knock they give you is like a hundred boosts. It's amazing. There's not enough traps to go around. So this is Jodie who's got the hot dog cart at the corner of Pines and Palm in Pembroke Pines. I'm Miss Jr., I'm Miss Waden's. Yeah, Miss Driving by and waving you every day. Well, listen, I would, I want to these days when you least expected. I'll drive by there. I'd love it. Okay, and I'll say hi to Jodie. Great. Okay, thanks, Judy. Take care, Niel. You too. Bye. Isn't that incredible? We heard today from Gordon Stevens. Johnny Dark. Johnny Dark. Carlos. I dog Jodie in the same day. Who's in the one to two hours? And Todd was in here twice. Oh, my, now he's going to hate me. Why? He hasn't care about you. Though that's true. He doesn't even care about me. He cares about the food. I mean, he's a nice kid. He's from Plants City. So he's like, um, what's the word I'm looking for? Careful now. It's not a knock, but he's from Plants City. So he's like home spawn. He's like, uh, he's not from New York or something. And a full of all kinds of archaic attitudes. He's from our liberated place like Plants City. Which makes me think a couple of times. Really long. You know, I'm saying, anyway, he's going to be here on Monday. And Mr. Arnold's coming by with his Royal Castle. Cheeseburgers on Monday. So either hards out all you fakers out there at the building. You're going to be having his busmen's holiday for days and days and days. And just think you're getting away with some. We're going to be here eating great food. Mm-hmm. Have a great time. Have it a hell of a good time. In fact, I heard the scenario because the building empties out on holidays. Oh, sure. The scenario is that April and Todd are going to be in here with us on Monday. They're going to hold show. Oh, it's going to be like when Gale was with Steve that day. Yeah. Four hours. They're going to be hanging out like real close. Boy, 1257 and WID. You may be even Ross might stop by and Laura. Is it true that she's the fed up with Scott? Is that part of a true or not? Boy, that's the impression I get. Did he know what I'm going to do with him? And where she said boy, he is strictly from hunger. Dave County, hello. That's me. Yeah. And of course he was sales. He sells for GTR. So there's not much of a future there. You know why? Sales people are asshole. Go ahead, sir. Okay. We got to put him on a hold. Okay. Because he's busy doing something. Dave County, hello. Yeah. I got a WID spiral for it. Okay. This morning, woke up with the alarm with the radio and micro-nary. That's right. Uncle Mikey, what are they doing? I know he's been doing that all week. Yeah, good. Yeah. In fact, I wrote over him back to sleep. I wasn't sure I was awake. If all the food in the world were equally distributed. Among all the people in the world. Speaking of Ricky, you know that statement of Rob Lowe is going to make? It's probably to explain what Ricky Tiki was doing. He was doing around the bed. Then he went at 16-year-old girl. We're doing whatever on. Did Mikey make the talk up? He sure did. Oh, right. He only picked on him. He stepped on the drifters today. Yeah. He was short yesterday. But Mikey, if you're going to talk up, talk up single-artists. You know like Rick Nelson or something. Or Bobby Dering. Because even if you step on him, they're not going to feel it anyway. But he's going to play his dream. And then the drifters may have really done it. And you know, Henry was busy knocking over bottles and complimenting him. How tight it was? How tight it was? Yeah. Well, I don't think you say that. So hey, how about a little Ricky Tiki talk up there? The commemorative is good stepping around the bed. Okay. We're working on it. Okay. See you. Well, let's see what we can do. Oh, oh. See you in the state of information. Yeah. I mean, some of these cheating. Come where? I think we're the one to do it. He stepped on two records of the same numerical. Wow. You're a miracle. He wanted a few people in the history of broadcast and can step on two different songs at the same time. And never miss a B. Okay. Boy, he is something. And of course, keep in mind as we come to the end of this hour. Sales, people are assholes. Oh, oh, oh. Outstanding. April wore the misunderstanding by with the one to clog Wild News. They'll come back with a big one to two hour man. Look at all the deliveries we've had so far. Just wait until the next time. It's going to be incredible. Welcome. Call 751 Wild in day. 524 Wild in Broward. Or 655 and 278. Wild in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or caller. I'm not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news. Talk radio, 610 Wild. It's the world of two hours. Hi. I'm too Dallas. I'm not sure if you can see me in movies for a long time. That's because I always wet my pants. Remember my love seeing with Jimmy Stewart, NetModdy Stratten, Fixer? I was so... Do you know, Jean Kelly's famous dance and singing in the rain? That wasn't rain? That wasn't me. But I'm back. Thanks to deep end adult diapers. They're so absorbent inside having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket. Oh, and each diaper has colorful pictures of it. Great stars of the 40s. But here, Donald O'Connor, and there's me. Do you know, I said, I still wet my pants. But thanks to deep end, I'm working again. Yeah. 106 Wild. Yeah. And anyhow, it's obviously the one to two hours. Why is there somebody on a hold? Did I do that? Yeah. Hello? What's it ready? Oh, you weren't ready before. Are you ready? How do you do that? Yeah. Yeah. You didn't tell me you want to go to the other day? Well, you sound ready to make, pal. One of those guys who I think is always ready. You know what I mean? I'll be by surprise right now. That's what I told Todd to, and he ran out of here like a maniac. He's a bird's surely today or anything. He's hysterical today, boy. He's ready to kill. So he talked about sports getting a little bit more suddenly? How about those clubs? Either a game ahead, pal. Yeah, yeah. I mean, congratulations on your ratings. Uh-huh. And the clubs. But my parents are way down there. Yeah. Well, good luck to you. Yeah, I know. One thing you got me going is on horse racing right now. I've, I've, I've, I've never seen a horse, you know, just catch a glimpse on horse racing. These last two races, a pre-nice, and the, uh, Kentucky Derby, you got me screaming in front of the radio on the TV just screaming up and down. Yeah. You're a very solid, a screamer to me. Well, I just like to call the guys down at my family, and record a bunch of assholes and douchebags. Yeah. They're hearing right now on the radio. Well, whatever you say, pal. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Bird, but you're okay. Thanks. Is that it? You okay now? Yeah, okay. Put me a hope, uh, man. You're an uproar. Uh-huh. Hey, whatever he wants, okay. So that's, uh, it's a show. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, boy. No. Oh, god. Let's go to a Palm Beach, yellow. Oh. Oh. Uh-huh. Yes. I just want to have a few comments on sales reps. I hear you guys think salesmen are assholes. What about it, sir? Well, I just, um, a salesman. This country lives on salesman, and if you, Yeah, you, wait a minute. You sell radio time? No, I sure don't. What with you? That's what it's about. Oh, you have. I don't know. How come you got out of it? Where did I get out of it? No, I said, how come you got out of it? Because I felt that, uh, it wasn't for me. I wanted to get into some of the other things tangible sales. You know, yeah, you wanted to get into an honest business. Well, not really. I have a friend that works for magic and I have a friend that works for why I would hundred and they, uh, me. I think it's a little overpriced in the floor to market. Sales people are assholes. Oh, god. People are assholes. Well, maybe radio sales people are assholes. That's the point. That's what we're talking about. We're not talking about the rest of you. What do you want to use sell? Okay. Well, I still you run a car. I'm a salesman for run a car company here in Miami. Oh, well, we love you guys. All right. Great. I appreciate that. But any, I'm curious. I wanted to tell you, because I heard the comment about salesman. And that took it as an offense. You guys are great. Although some radio talk show guys can be real assholes sometimes. They're no question about it. Absolutely. Have you got to give me a list? I think you're really. I think you're really. I think I can live with it today. Okay. So I feel later. Are you going to be okay now? I think I can live with it today. Okay. All right. Wow. Well, we should brought him back from the edge. He was right on the edge. Hi. I'm too Dallas. Anyway, it's 10 minutes after one at WIOD. You're right. It is the one to two hour. Make no mistake about them. Wait a minute. What did I do? Uh-oh. Didn't I have somebody on hold for the lightning ride? And I just, uh, I think I did something wrong there. And I can win. Because there's nobody on hold. Now they're off. That was on two. How about he was on eight? Uh-huh. Wow. I call him and costello it on his find out who's on first. Okay. I'm broken up myself. Now are you, are you a few, with anybody in the newsroom? No. You're okay with a few people. I'm not fewing with anyone. I would have joined this. Break it one o'clock. And Todd came and he said, he said, real quietly said, Boy, that bird is a jackass, you know? No, he didn't say that. I didn't. I'm just trying to start a little something. I know. You love that. Because it's more fun when there are people who don't know. You get all agitated and been out of shape and love. Dorothy's going to be on vacation. I know. Well, aware. You said, I'm a little bit concerned that the kids in the newsroom are going to be going wild. And I said, well, we've been hoping for that. But not quite what she meant. Not quite what she had in mind. Okay. I'm not puning with anyone that's building are you? Oh, yeah. Oh, I'll have them come in and visit. Well, yeah. Yeah. Who would you like me to do? How about Bill Mullen for Star Wars? Okay. I'll bite him in. Sailed people are assholes. Nice reading. It's not a great reading. It's excellent job, Mitch. I said with great sincerity and feeling. Oh, yeah. The plot line that I can relate to, all right? It's 11 past one here on Great Old 610 WIOD. It's not the same. It's not the same. Introducing a breakfast cereal for the avant-garde set. New, y'all go pop. I'm going for a go pop on. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. Individualies, cult of the autographs, lots of stuff that go great with cigarettes and apigino. Oh, go pop. I'm going for a go pop. No, no, no, no. Connect the dots on the back of the box and draw a newty of your coat just by gun. I'm too too too too. Too too. Too too. Too too. I'm too short. You'll find those cream for new y'all pop up. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. I'm going for a go pop. Yeah, that fits in so well. It's nice. Well, 16 and WID. In fact, that one fits in almost as well with this show as this one does with Sandy. 16 past one and Steve today has got a can. I just can't believe it. Yeah. Rabbi Meyer, Kahana, again. Oh, God. Oh, boy. And Rabbi Kahana is going to be talking about Arabs who smoke and have a portions of it. They'd got a hello. You're doing the okay. It's Chucky. Hey, Chucky. Yeah, as you were asking for people in the want to two hours I decided to give you a call. What? I said, you said everybody was calling and you said, who knows who's going to call? I said, you know where it's for celebrities. Okay. Yeah, I believe. Okay. Yeah. Good. Hello. Yeah. Oh, granted. You catch that. I don't want to see. Yeah. Well, it's about Roblo. You're going to get a kick out. Oh, great. Yeah. That day. Now, but it's really right on target. Just about the number nine one was beta or VHS. And I won't give away the title. So the bird can number eight might have been AC or DC. Or AC or AC. Yeah. Well, anyway, just call to say hello, guys. Well, hello, Chucky. And you know what else? What? Goodbye. You're going to be on hold for the lightning. You're no problem. We are celebrity and just everywhere. Yeah. First Gordon Stevens and then Chucky. Okay. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. Now, wait a minute. I put him on hold. Did you disconnect him? He just hung up. Go ahead, sir. I have a spy report. Okay. First on the hot dog girl. All the jolly. At pines and poms. Is that her name? Jody. Jody. Oh. I was wondering what happened to the old girl in the new girl showed up. Yeah. She's like putting girls out on a street. So this girl, the new one. Oh. She could sell refrigerators to an escrow. Ha ha ha. Remember she said she was selling hot dogs like crazy. Yeah. She said he was like, the line of cars and drunken. Everybody's stopping over there. Yeah. I heard they're having a run on weenies in that part of town. Is that true, sir? How is he? I'm making a run for her. She blonde her brandette. She's brandette. All right. And she wears shorts. Very high shorts. And you can't really clearly clap in shorts. Yeah. Hot weenies out there in a quarter of pines and pommet is in Pembroke pines. And you see the traffic jam. People in rubber neck. Rubber neck. I don't think you should have said rubber necking. I think I've been getting a wrong idea. And a second spy report. Okay. Today is the opening of River Phoenix's new movie. He's in the new Indiana Jones movie. He is. What? Is he really? Yeah. He's going to rush to see that. In the opening segment, he plays Indiana Jones the young boy. Oh. And then later segment, he plays him as a young girl. And would no make up in either segment. Yeah. He's really a piece of work that River Phoenix. I hope he and his wife, Murphy or whatever the name is, Hardy, they could learn what. Will he in that tape? It could be. I think so. Okay. I think not only was he in that tape, but I think he was riding Northern Wolf in the precness. Well, see it, pines and pomm. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Wow. So they got a big billboard up there. Now, I'm pepper pines says for a great whiny and pines and pomm. That's what it says. One night, Tina, W.I.O.D. Dave County. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Congratulations on your reading. Well, thank you so much. Hi, you're burned. All right. You guys are going to be careful, old. You're using like David Ottoman commercial. Them pats are smart. They got radar. Yeah. Try to put in the A.D. And remember in what I'd be. I think that's it. Is that it? I think so. Okay. Or that was shocking. Speaking of shocking ladies, you just came. Loving into the student. All we got left is that there's a part of a sandwich here. Yeah. Todd fixed you, huh? Todd fixed you a little one. Would you like a sub? Just a quarter of a sub sandwich there. That's a good. A spicy cold. I'll take this in a person's salary. You're going to eat with a fork. There's nothing. Oh, the tuna salad. And you wanted to fork. Well, I take the forks are all gone. But I'm sure the table will be able to help you out. Now, seriously, he said he's okay. Whatever you like. Go right ahead, Gail. No problem at all. Are you going to be okay now? You all right? Okay. There she goes, ladies and gentlemen. And look at that. There's Jared is kind of like hanging out in the hallway. What is Jared doing out there? He's like taking pictures. Did you see that? Look for he's like. Jared's out there taking pictures in a hall. Wow. This is shocking. How about you? They're going to show up on her all though. And then Rob Loe is in one of them. Boy. Broward County. Hello. Hi, can I speak to Neil? Please? I do. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. Hi, bird. Hi. Who's this? This is your not so secret admirer. Oh, my. How are you guys doing? How are you doing? You know who this is? No. Take a wild guess. Robin. That wasn't so wild. How you guys doing today? Who is this? Robin. What's wrong with you today? Doesn't sound like her. I know I have allergies and I have allergies. Oh, she's well, you know the fact that you kept saying how you guys doing it about 25. That's good enough for me, you know. I haven't spoken to you guys in a while. I miss you. I listen to you every day still, but I miss you. This is not Robin. I'm very interested in. No. No. No. Come on. What do you want me to say? Public, anything doesn't Robin. You're a good. How am I doing? Yeah, see it's not Robin, no way. No. Imposter. A Robin Imposter. I feel like that. That was shocking. I mean, shouldn't even know that. Caring. Woo. Boy, that's pretty good on today. That she started like she had little a Latin accent or something. I'm kind of an accent. Robin don't have any accent. She just, uh, deficient. Twenty two after one at WIOD and we're doing a little screamless. Just kind of filling the gap till the, uh, till the what you call it, the lightning run. I can't even think of the name of it. I'm so overcome with food. Oh, I thought we were filling it. Fill in the gap. All right. Not the Sharon check out. Did she have a little chat with Todd in the newsroom? Did you go in there and find out what's going on? No. You haven't said hi to Todd. Didn't you tell me this week that you were going to go in there each day and, uh, talked to all of these interns and give us a report. Didn't you say that? Now quit, she moves it around there with Nick. You can talk to him anytime, okay? And it's always going to be the same anyway. Go in there and just have a little chat with Todd then you can come and give us a Rehears from plant city. So we can't be too. Well, exactly, okay? Now he's a lot smarter than you think because he stays out of here most of the time. Okay. It's 23 after one at WIOD and then tomorrow, Russell begin and got only those little happy Friday. There won't be anybody here, will I? I don't. I have no, all the time. Oh, they don't you understand? Right. They're already preparing for it. It's only Wednesday. And then they're already preparing to bail out. Okay. Yeah, I guess we'll be kind of a, I always saw a boy Gary packing. I'm going to pick up your wish. You're just wishing. And did I say that? Did I say that? I think I was a dream. Do I have any desire to see boy Gary hack up and go back to a Louisville? By the way, I had a dream last night that I put 25 dollars on this horse and it won. Can you believe that? Yeah, that was a dream. That's what I'm going to do. Now you can enjoy the melting pot in North Miami Beach. That's right, if you haven't been up there. We've heard your lines and all your fees. Why you both that personality? So in it, Maddie, such a Marie. Lion's doing so democracy. Why you both that personality? Like Jimmy Swagett. Yeah, pretty weak, huh? On 27th of a UI, would you? What? What was that? I don't know, I don't have a Q-sheet. Broward County, hello. Neil. Yeah. I got a few spare ports for you. Okay. Zeta, I can confirm it. They were doing the noise this morning. Okay. And then, it was doing it on power 96. That same little noise you have. I went about, wait a minute, hold on. Sharon, sit down in the chair. Just a moment. Hold on. So you're not going anywhere, are you? All right. You didn't get a good look at him. No, he was on the phone and they called me. They page me having an important call. Go back in there again. I'm going to shut up with this call. And you go back in and check, turn out. Okay. Go ahead, Sharon. Just try to get, you know, a little information for us. Tanner did your little passing gas noise on power 96 this morning too. Yeah, he probably saw the numbers. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. He saw a while on 100 creeping all over the place. Yeah, what's the story over there? Over where? And why 100? I don't know. That's amazing. Get a giant month. That is amazing. I don't. Have you ever listened to that morning show? No. Don't worry about it. Okay. I have a big time Alice, the spy report. Alice come on the air and he said, I saw these two people the other day in the parking garage and they were underneath the stairs making love. And he said, I didn't know what to do about it. So I didn't do anything. He said, the next day I come home. And I saw the same two people underneath the stairs making love. So I didn't know what to say. So I said hello to them. See ya. That is what he said. I need the stairs on the ground. Underneath the stairs. Yeah, in the garage. What were the guys' names? Alice and Bruce. Okay, see ya. Oh. On 29 at WIOD. Now what's the story? Alice and Bruce? No, no. Forget about Alice and Bruce. Okay, I don't know. Do you understand what that was about? No, I don't want to. Well. I saw him. And I talked to him a little bit. He wouldn't tell me what I wanted to see. But he wouldn't tell you what you wanted to see. Please, please, please, please. Why the hell is that me? He's large and imposing. He's large and imposing. He's large and imposing. Yeah, it's kind of tall. He's tall and imposing. Large is not your choice of words to his very character. Well, I'm these rabbis who do you have in me crazy today. Quite honest. He's tall and imposing. Yes. He's got a cute little butcher cut. Very rich. Nice big brown eyes. Cute. Yeah, I didn't see him from the back, so. That's all I could say. That's all I can tell you. She's disgusting, isn't she? But I think she's got a good point. Now, Ross will be in tomorrow. You're going to be worth it. I'm waiting for Ross. Yeah. What does that mean? You've made such a big deal about this. I don't know. I think Laura, we have to have a little vote on her. I think it's pretty. It's nipping tuck at this point, okay? Hmm. See, Ross is probably better looking. But like, Todd is alive. Ross, see, now maybe it's only because Ross is a little bit. Now, maybe it's only because Ross's been here such a short period of time, and he's like tentative. But he's very stiff. No, that's not the word. He's like, um, that was her bad choice of words. Yeah. It's kind of like a little, a loop at this point. He needs to loosen up a little bit. Hmm. Follow my drift. I want to apologize if you're asking it or do something for me. I just have to be wrong today. And I'm sorry. No, you'll get it. I'll do it for you. Don't worry. I know you feel unwanted and unloved, but we do love you. The pictures. The pictures. He was like, oh, he was a cuss. He went in here earlier, man. He was going nuts. Well, then forget about it. Yeah. Listen to everything he says and take her to literally. Oh, he wasn't cussing you. I was, he was irritated. He said, like, he never asked you for anything. He asked you as one little thing, and you're like, goof off. Well, say he can get a for you. This is probably him. By the way, any little puzzle, Nick asked me what ineluctible meant. Why? Isn't my promo for today? Any look to me? I didn't look at your promo. I saw the name of the guest. That was enough for me. I'm not going to dig the file at promo. I don't want to look at it. No. I refuse to dignify that guest again with the, I mean, how often can he keep doing that and get away with it, you know? I don't want to interfere with the show, but God. Yes, I do. I mean, some of these guests have been on like 20 times this month already. And it's only point. Yes, you talking about smoking or abortion. Both. Are you saying it's going to be a little bit? Yeah, and the bris. It's 132. What? It's a real cute comic. Yeah, and if I want you to show it to Todd and see what he has to say about it. Get his reaction to that. Show it to Todd first and see what he has. It could be Jewish for all you know, okay? And if he says he is asking for proof. 132 at WIOD. Now you're going to be all right. Look at him. He's just hysterical now. Oh yeah. And I'm hysterical. This out of my mind. No, nothing. Underneath. I know new long enough. He starts seething underneath. It doesn't show on a surface, but he's like inside. You can see they're just boiling. Like a tea kettle. Didn't say it word. Like if they could drill a little hole in your head there'd be like steam pouring out. Tony. I'm the only guy. No. Who does nothing. You only guy you know. And people just attack me incredibly. And I just play all say they say you do nothing. I sit. It's 132 at WIOD. And I want to tell you about both of us. Wouldn't it be a lot more fun to be out on a boat on the bay today right now? Oh, kidding. God. Away from these peep. Exhaust. Come see. Sit. Come. I do. And boys and girls. This is Uncle Jack Nicholson for the Rock and Roll Report. I'm so damn pissed off at everything these days. Can I say pissed. I'm rock and roll radio. You better believe I can. Because I'm one busy dude right now. And I'll have time to do it over again. Anyway, I'd like you to hear my story. The three bears. The mama bear. The daddy bear. And the baby bear. Who really pissed me off. Well, forget about it. That's all I got to say. You're a jerk. Okay. It's. One thirty seven already boy. This is rollin' along pretty good. Since lunch hasn't it? Yes. Very good. Very good day. Oh, it has. I think so. Okay. I think you're not apoplectic. Who's asking to be walking? A lot of conflicts with all these very nice people in the building. Like April who I thought you and April were really tight too. And Sharon is she's fed up with you. She's had enough and of course Todd at this point just hates your guts. They'd got a hello. Leo, why'd you hang up on me, man? On who? That's Chuckie. I put you on a hold, ding bat. Well, it's probably a salesperson's response. All right, hold on now. See it's flashing. You're on your own, babe. I mean, you're on who I am. How to do it. So if you disappear, don't blame me. Date County. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What? What? Yeah. How you doing? Okay. What's going on? Oh, geez. Can I ask you a question? How you doing? Uh, really lovely. What's your problem? I'm not really. Uh, I get a question asking about when the bitch you pray I've heard the law either. Who's the law? Yeah. Is that the, uh, Fred's the first stabbing? No. No. No. No. This is recording, is that? I don't remember. Some obscure group that nobody ever heard of. Well, I'm like the fuck. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, now, because I have that, the origin, I guess I'll be not about 66. What? The fuck's the first stabbing? Well, who cares? I don't know. I just feel a music trivia. Okay. You're right. Thank you for the lightning rod. Oh, sure. That's what you really wanted. Of course. Why don't you get right to it, okay? You got it. Everybody has a lot of time. It's to be 130. Nobody wants to talk to us. Uh-huh. You want to hold, sir? Uh, Dr. Nielma. Am I that cold? Yeah, you want to hurt her. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Hello. You want to hold? Yeah. Okay. So you're not fooling me for a second. See you get him on. Then they panic because they don't have anything to say. You're going to have to do a regular call. They got like four words prepared for later on. Now, Laura, look at that. She looks really upset because she hurts you the grapevine. It taught her spurred her advances. She thought she had like her pick of the crops. So I guess tomorrow it's going to be Ross of the year only. Hope it if you don't make it with him. You're back to a high-emish leper there. Uh-huh. And we saw their numbers. Yeah. For GTR. So I wouldn't get to it. So I wouldn't buy a house on that, okay? Broward, you want to hold? Yeah. Oh no, I want to end by talking to you. Oh, speaking. This bill. Oh, Neil. Yeah, Bill. This time. I got to do this for you, Bill. You're really a sharp as a motsetball. You know what, pal? I know. Okay. Does Cardham see any barn here? No. Why? No, it's watching MTV last night and on that remote control game show game show they have. And there was a guide that's in radio communications at... Well, I leave him out. Now this guy's not from you. If I'm Todd goes to Barry. Oh. All right. And if Andy did that or Todd lives with Barry. One of the, I'm not sure what it is. That's possible. Yeah. All right. One closing. Mm. Okay. Boy. Broward. Hello. Yeah, Neil. You want to hold? No. Hey, I'm fine. And Detroit tonight. Are you? Whether we're not a plan sir. We're the point. Okay. And I want to give you a pick for DRC. Pick for DRC. Are you out of your mind? Pick one that doesn't have all four bandages. Okay. I'm fine to track. Yeah. It's great. I love those $1500 claimers. Man, those are the best. Let's see what they got. They got $70, $600 alone. That'd be great. Okay. Well, good luck to you, sir. We got Phil Salzman on from a real route. Oh, okay. We don't have time to mess around with DRC. Oh, it was $400 claimers. Okay. How are you, Neil? Okay, Phil. Good. Hi, Brad. Bill, I saw that race yesterday. Yeah. Wasn't as bad as, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Just like Harry said. Yeah. I don't know. Twenty-lain. Twenty-lain. Yeah. I see a bad rascal only got beaten by about 18 or 19. Oh, God. I'm not going to tell anything about that. I said my piece about him yesterday. Yeah. By the way, it's going to give these horses on the track for the third, and then I'm going to give you the call. All right. The horses are entering the track for the afternoon's third race. First race in the pick six. In the straight, these over-way. It's number one gold-skirt, one pound. Gold-skirt. How do we miss that part? I think bubble will soon. Well, bubble. First time 149, the horses will be at the gate and less than eight minutes. Okay. And look who else is in his race. Laura Peremsky is in his race. Boy. Stay away from the race, right there. Yeah. I'm looking at it. It looks pretty good to me. Okay, but here we go. All right. The direction. So no one else can take the blame for it. Ah, okay. Anyway. Yeah. The quarter of a mile to go. The winter half and forty-six and one charity charge on these five-leafs. Half-leafs. Marley's pleasure is right there. Second final track. Even money's taken on the outside. There. The links back through down fair. Come on for it. Then it's walkway with poverty stricken. They come down past the expo and son. Don't sell me outside now. Put some in front. Marley's pleasure draw these seven seconds. Walkway with poverty stricken. Final camp starts to weaken. A 16-demand becomes rude on fair. Walkway flying at him from new fry. Then come to the wire. Please don't say it's not the way to fire ahead. Walkway with single poverty stricken fair. Final camp. Ah. Oh. You're not that bad, man. Oh. Even money would Steve Gaffleo, huh? Absolutely. Well, I think that speaks for itself, Phil. And it no point in the race. Did he ever look like he was going to win? Yeah. But, but there's always tomorrow. You got it. Right? No. If you lose, you're shuffle and deal. Every half now. Okay, Phil. Okay, guys. I brought you some. See you tomorrow. Right. Five. Wow. Well, that Steve Gaffleo and an even money boy is one of our soon-parted ladies and gentlemen. It's 143 a W.I.O.D. Boca, you want to hold? Oh, I want to make a couple comments about Mr. Food. This is Mr. Puker from Boca. You got it. Yeah. First of all, I think better looking heads than a cabbage patch. And that summer sausage you've got for a nose. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. That's the way I was feeling last night. Okay. Back to you ever see him and Anne together? Not really. Well, there you go. And make a good bear. I'm sure. Something to think about. All right. Well, you want to hold on, don't you? I guess so. Could we didn't hear from you yesterday, did we? No, I couldn't get in. Well, hold on a minute now. I don't want to get you any press, told on. Boy, that's the Boca Puker. We got through the whole lightning round yesterday. He couldn't get in. Palm Beach. He said. They don't even want to go to hold. They don't want to talk at all. Brower, hello. Brower. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. This is spank. I won't talk to you. I got Sparry Poor Floyd. This is spank? Thanks from Turtle Hollywood. Oh. How you doing? What do you mean you want a hold, run right now? I don't want a hold. Oh, that's what I just said. For the wrap for the round. Okay. Okay. I got a power 96 power report for you. Okay, now don't get carried away now. Don't get emotion. All right. Yesterday the second show goes off. I switched over. Yeah. And Cramer switching the cax on the radio. He goes to the area where that was with Rob Lowe. Neil Rogers and drag. Isn't that cute boy, only wish? And cox says, oh, I want to everybody know. It wasn't me to say that. It was Cramer. Yeah. Well, even the Cramer to come up with that. Of course. You got it. Just like you might like to know surprise. No one told you. Okay. Thanks, Bob. I just want to say Gary is the definitive two spank. You got that right. Boy, Gary, of course. See you. All right. Thank you. Bye. Wow. Crazy Cramer boy. Talk about the podcast called the kettle pink. 145 at WIOD. Let's see. Six. Want to hold here for lighting around. No, they don't even want to speak to us. Well, what's going on out here? Man, you're just all over the place in the halls and on the moon. And just everywhere. What's going on? Oh, I just had a little emergency. Oh, an emergency. Oh, I saw everything's great. Okay. Everything's perfect. I thought maybe you were in the newsroom. I was trying to put your life back together again. Yeah. Anyway, boy, do I have, I don't have a heartburn. I've just got like, um, what's the word for? Like I've eaten too much. Because a lot of it was celery. I didn't even think I ate that much. You never do. Well, I wouldn't say that. I didn't really eat that much. I had a couple of wings and I had a quarter of that sandwich. One slice. And I had a whole lot of celery, which, you know, ought to be okay. And I can't think of anything else. You like this wing. Oh, and I had a little bit of chili. Oh, that's right. You ate that chili. Anyway, speaking of chili, I bet you that over at Armadillo Cafe, you're going to love that stuff. And I think it's behind it. Anyway, it's one 50 a.m. I think it's behind it. Anyway, it's one 50 a.m. Anyway, it's one 50 a.m. I think it's behind it. I think it's behind it. Anyway, it's one 50 a.m. I think it's behind it. Anyway, speaking of chili, I bet you, why would the Steve has Rabbi, Meyer, Kahana, on again? I know, I know, don't play me. I have nothing to do with these. I've got them on again today. I'm going to try and make about the Jews in the Arabs, Arabs, Jews. And why don't the Stig and Arabs at least get circumcised. It's a mess, you know, just a mess. Did Kowdi, hello. I like the Meyer, Kahana. Why? Did Kowdi, hello. You're going to be watching a lot more sex. That's what it sounds like. Just thinking about it. It's exactly what it sounds like. A Palm Beach. And it comes Northern Woke. Ha ha ha ha. We got some real comedian there. Now, not to be outdone. Boca. Even Mr. Dude, make me puke. Mr. feud. He used to be on that show with Richard Dawson. I have a really boo. Rower, hello. Come back, I'm filming. Oh, man. I got to get this card out because I just, just in case this might fit. No, I have an extra one in here today. Sales, people are assholes. Just in case it might be appropriate. Yeah. Broward, hello. Dude, Kowdi, hello. Dr. Neil, my assholes broken in a plea. Shame on you. Shame on you. That was the dog. That was the dog. Shame on you, sir. I didn't know he was a proxologist. Dude, Kowdi, hello. Alexander Oceanetsky, Joseph Romsinski, Boris Tamishersky, Olga Taminski. Palmbee, hello. Hey, hey, let's see this bird. Boca, hello. You made me puke. Huh, was that? I don't know. That's not like a cross between the puke or the computer. Oh, maybe that was the puke or computer. Dude, Kowdi, hello. Yeah, make me a electric field at over here. Thanks, Doc. Broward, hello. I want to have your baby. Funny that's what Todd said when he came here too. Broward, hello. Hello, WIRD. Yeah. Yeah. Right thing round. Huh, huh, huh, huh. Excellent, call. Excellent call. I must commend you. Wow. Boy, talk about sharp as a... Hey, Kowdi, hello. Kneering or smoothing. Clean up your act, pal. Boca, hello. I OD? Yeah. Touch it in my own. What? Snill? Yeah. I want to be on the lightning round. Oh, ho ho ho. Big Chowdi, hello. Julie's a big bang. Wow. Broward, hello. Oh, yes. Can I see you doing other ponders for hours on weather rush? Hmm. Big Chowdi, hello. Oh, I'm late. I titled, won't please. Isn't that great? She brought you those pictures. See, she's not a miserable bag like you said after. So, how's Todd doing? Did you check things out a little more closely now? He's gone for the day. Well, yeah, because lunch is over now. Hmm. We just, no, we just haven't turned. How was it? We got that one. Yeah, we only want to cut to here. I do a lot. I do a lot. There's obviously somebody's got great musical taste. Ha ha ha. Part of that big one five in a morning ladies and gentlemen. It sounded like Brad didn't it? Just a little bit. Just a teeny tiny little bit. As those who know him best would say. Okay, six minutes till two, date County. Hello. I'm holding the pull the pod. What? Never mind. Did you understand it? Yes. He's holding what? To pull the plug. And now what he said? I'm holding the plug. Oh. What is wrong with that? Oh, no. I'm going to be, fellow. And now I got a tip of a rolloin like you to puff on a few days. Broward County, hello. A little bit of a contender. A little bit of a spongebob. Ha ha ha. Was it Marlin? Yeah. Or was it yours? Yeah. That was your Marlin. Did County, hello? Millgram is a doob bag. Broward County, hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Rose must be just getting ready going. Come on. Come on. Be a chill. First report on smoking. There were more chemotherapy sessions in the lung cancer sections of the dog. Oh, no way. I just kind of faded out. I was going to give him some good time to because that thought maybe Steve would be listening. Stayed County, hello. Delap delap delap delap delap delap delap delap delap delap delap. Right, junior. Do we have all of it? I didn't have bad in case it rains. He'll be on like this. Oh, but. Oh, California, add New York 734 tonight, right after sports talk. Dad, whether they County, hello. Yes, sidewalk city. You think? Ha, ha, ha. Okay, hello. Yeah, I'm sort of economically conservative. They, County, hello. They all, it's there. I want to ride my car. Oh, it's your hair. Up the whole team in trail. They, County, hello. Oh, yeah. Broward County, hello. Broward County, hello. Broward County. Broward County. Uh, Boca, hello. All right, name is Sigaro. Dad, County, hello. You said like, fuck the dirt. Ha, ha, ha. Broward, hello. Broward County. Let's keep the straight face. Good evening, Wallace. And if you say, Alan, Bishop, you'll crack up too. Dad, County, hello. Bird, you're a dweet. Ha, ha, ha. That was, don't you? That was the dweet lady. Ha, ha, ha. Dad, County, hello. The net, uh, got it. Got it. Boca, hello. Okay, Robin Bruce, work with me. Work, Lucy. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha. Oh, wow. Broward, hello. I mean, you're asking me to hate that routine. Dad, County, hello. We're, you, you're working. Boca, hello. I never thought we'd buzz Dave Johnson and lightning, Rod, did you? Palm Beach, hello. Broward, blow the net home. All of a sudden, it'd be said about that. Did, County, hello. Why are we parking a driveway in traffic? Did, County, hello. Your name's Bob and Neil, or is that what you do? Broward, County, hello. Broward, buddy. Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, what's up with it? Jane, oh, spy, poor. Be flowers, getting food on the air. Mmm, that's speechless. Dave, County, hello. Have a meal. Can I put you in the muffin? Boca, hello. No, and he's the order some of those diapers. Ha, ha, ha, ha. It's not just like spike lives. And he must have finally seen that trend, huh? Dave, County, hello. This morning, Father, we're going to see you. Dave, County, hello. This morning, Father, we played Hold Your Head up by Archen Provoque Tour. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Boca, hello. It was Stan Junior, ha, ha, ha. Just a little tiny piece there. Dave, County, hello. This is the big Barbara campus, huh? Broward, County, hello. Deal? I'm an apple. Yes, tonight. Dave, County, hello. Hey, hey, don't send them money or one place. Boca, hello. There we are, sir. Broward, and sandwich. You got the shovel, sir. Are you doing it? Bigger than a playoff, aren't they? Really? No, they got limited. We got a month ago. Broward, how? Dream, brother. Ha, ha, ha. Why bet you brought him back a lot of good memories, don't you? Yeah. Dave, County, hello. I already ripped out his old camp and made bring his stuff. And after hearing that card. Boca, hello. Boca. He's one car. Well, that backup card. Oh, salespeople are assholes. That's a bad year. I thought it was for Boca. It was for Boca. Palm Beach, hello. Your bad is you want to be baby. Dave, County, hello. Delphine Northern Wolf is Delpho and Elmer. Broward, County, hello. Hello, this is Broward. Ha, ha, ha. Excellent. Dave, County, hello. Mr. Fire, that's much. Palm Beach. Why don't go to point up when we see it. Let's say that I did, okay. Alice, was that Alice? Yeah. Wow, haven't heard that voice in ages. Nobody ever, Ellie. Nobody else is there. Broward, hello. Hello, Neil. Ha, ha, ha. Dave, County, hello. I'm going over here. Last but not least, from our favorite line, Boca. He said, I'd like to get my mobile home. Oh, is that was weak? When it, we usually go out with a big flourish. Although I will say this, probably he was honest. Well, that's going to do it here on a terrific Wednesday. The food was sensational. The company was tremendous. The ambiance was mediocre. The calls. Well, nothing ever changes. Does it? No. Okay. Steve speaking about the ever changes has arrived. I'm here for the 400 times this year talking about Brisses for Arab babies. And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10. Here on 610 WIOD.