It'll be said, it's an uptight. Okay, just go back and make up some more news. That was great. Make up some more of those great stories. Hey, people, it's got such an imagination. There's nothing exciting. That's how I'm auto-eminiser. We're going on. We'll make it up. They used to be the thing that I and Z-man. If there's nothing exciting going on, they used to go up to the battery house on the corner and have them do a little hudu dance up there for some natural disaster. Remember the time that there was the rich boy in the plane crash all in the same week, and they had all his signs up on a while. Hey, great job. Let's have a lot more of this. You know, anyway, let's go to, that's not a joke that's a true story. Hey, cloudy and wind intersect and it was a slight chance of rain highs in the upper 50s and lower 60s. Wind north west, 20 and gusty, chance of rain 20%. Tonight, mostly cloudy and breezy, lows at the lower 50s. Oh, man, it's going to be cold as hell. Wind's north 10 to 15. And I have to take a deep breath before this time. Wow. Oh, they got separated. Friday, partly cloudy and breezy with a high in the upper 60s, winds north these 15 to 20 miles an hour and gusty. It is going to be disgusting. It's going to be cold and crappy. Atlanta reporting clear in 55, Jacksonville, cloudy and 41, New York, Fahrenheit, great thing about the Eastern strike. Not only cost about $45,000 in Y round trip to New York now for Miami. Ms. Boyle, boy, I tell you. That's one thing. President Bush is really taking these things right by the horn says, isn't it? He's taking the bull by the horns if you pardon that expression. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. You were talking about ugly baseball players. Yeah. Glenn, you're going to row. How is really a lot more interested in the good looking ones? But all these people are obsessed with the ugly ones. I had always had one every time. I have one for Glenn. The pitch for the Tigers, Mark, the bird, the frigid. Yeah. Mark the bird, Fidrich, was a real interesting piece of work. And another ugly one that even had an ugly name was Boob Powell. Oh, guy remember Boob. He was formalized. Well, and I think he looked like he was from the way. He didn't even know what he was now. He kind of looked like he was from hunger. Yeah. Well, about one go Adams. Yes. She reminds me more of my more pitch Adams on the Adams family. And that story about netting. When were grand-poll would have to say about that? Why don't you spoke to everyone in the show? Yeah. What does that say? About the hersfield theater with my next dad, right? Oh, do we have to go back in? I know. Just let me tell you this. I'm taking through my lunch now. It is the guy's not as true because I am a stage hand and I was working backstage and father walking into a bucket. Really? And about 20 minutes later, she was taking out on a stretcher, which takes a little bit of a humor out of it. Yeah. Well, she's okay now, though, in the show. Hi, Boreesho. One more thing. Uh, that's sports authority. Spot that you have. Yeah. He had me out of do a line show and it was called a port authority. Yeah. Very cute. Well, we ever can stand him up again. We'll work on him. All right. All right, all right, all right. All right, all right, my material. OK, have a good day. All right. One way to WI do is to weather mad. Maybe we could just, we could have to hold those show now. We could just describe the map screen to weather. Not channel. See, we're barely in the sick. We're barely in the yellow for tomorrow. The 60's. That is. That is a wasteful thinking. Here's him. No, here's the forecast lows for Friday. Night, 50's, 50's. That third party was a matter. Today, they've been very optimistic. OK, in other words, when they've been saying that's going to be in the low 70's, if we get to 67, it's real lucky. OK, then really pushing it. I think the Chamber of Commerce is like putting pressure on the weather forecast. You said I want to include soper. Let's see, Boston, high of 35, partly cloudy today. Chicago, mostly sunny in a high of 42. And we're only doing 57 or eight or 61. Look, it's sunny in the warm and Dallas high 64. Well, any warm, Denver, sunny in 74 tomorrow. Houston, sunny in the day. Today is Thursday. Well, I started saying that they knew, kept saying tomorrow. And I'm saying tomorrow. You said today, you want to say, who was 67. Miami cloudy in 63. We should live so long. Minneapolis, part of the county in 45. New York, part of the county in 43. And only cost $125,000 to get there on any airline you choose or land. Or what did it say 52? 52. Is that cold? Phoenix, here you go. It's sunny in 93 today. Good. OK. And same Lewis sunny in 46. So look at this. We got a few taxes here. We got a couple of something. Thank you, Sharon. Ballet for baseball is obvious. How come everybody's picking a young me. You're still can't I want to see ugly? Don't you want to stand if I want to see ugly? I'll go home and sit and stare in a mirror all day. It's all he want to pick is ugly because it really is just they can't pick good looking people because it just attacks. They can't cope with it. You know what I'm saying? I see. We just don't. We don't see those things. George Foster, Louis Tion, David Johnson, Tommy, Liz Jordan, Don Zimmer gets another vote. I hope his ant isn't listening. Willy McGee, Chris Sabo, Al Rabaski, the ugly Hungarian. And remember him, he was a wild child. Steve Balboni, Joe Turie, and George shot. There's never played, but looks like she caught foul tips with her face for years. Well, Marge shot, see the front and the first letters are offered to them, it must be Lee who owns the reds. It's a pretty chat, mother. How about a theme greatest hit show this Saturday, featuring only calls from the Palm Beach line? There's another ugly team, Mike Schmidt, Greg Luzinski, Ron Say, the penguin, the penguin wasn't a rugby guy. Peter Brian, good looking, Jose can say go and Greg, Greg Bijo from Danya and Rich Richa, Richard. See the problem with the fact, machine is you get half of the letters cut off. So it's, you have to use your imagination. Yeah, Greg Bijo, trust me when I tell you. Top five ugliest male ant leads, Pat Cummings, I have no idea who that is, do you? Oh, the heat, Gorilla Maunssoon, Cream Whole Jabar, Guessedka said, there's a very good choice to be a happy星 Zelle, Margein Nyevera to over, yes. Dame lick my face in mail at you. Oh, ha ha ha ha. Let's see, here is one from our friends whose sound advice. OK, ah. I know, This is for G dr, if it all is possible, would you place steering X members the embers by split ends or under pressure by queen and boy. Thanks. Sound advice. Well that's nice. The only problem is that's for a GTR. No, don't give it to him. Get out of here. You'll pass it along. No, get out of here. Get out of there. Give me that thing. You're nuts. I spoke. All the money I spend is not advice. They ought to be sending us back. It's not GTR. Well you're gonna play those. How do you know? I think there's a better chance of us playing it than GTR. Let's see. List of possible slogans promoting national condom week. Oh, that's pretty clear. Pretty dirty stuff. No, it says bird cackle. Something. I don't know. It's just silly thing. Another dirty thing. Well, a dirty stuff on here. Okay. We're not interested in all this dirty stuff. We don't even read it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm writing the ways to how would them. Okay. After all, agree if I had to go through to get my hairy carry today. That really, that's my ass or whatever. That's a way I felt. Well, but it's after one in WIOD. Now every time that weather comes up there, I want to read it again. Okay. I get this compulsion to try to read it against you. Get at least some idea of the truth. Okay. I mean, don't get me wrong. So far is one of the nicest guys you'd ever want to know. He's a super guy, but his idea of the weather. He's like doing the weather for a Mexico City. He's like, okay. I'm just not going to write it out of his mind. Hey, don't forget to tell StarDee. Hey, all star calling to you. Get me on your meal. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Now help me information more than that I cannot add. It's a poor heat that's crazy when someone makes a mess. And the bird just keeps on chatting, calling me no, it's not for me. So put me through the eye of the end. Get me on your meal. Yeah, help me. Yeah. Yeah, help me information more than that I cannot add. It's a poor heat that's crazy when someone makes a mess. Now the bird just keeps on chatting, calling me no, it's not for real. So put me through the eye of the end. And get me on your meal. I don't know what he said. What are you doing? I don't know what he said. What are you doing? Yeah, that bitch is getting a little carried away here. Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I do. Okay, pal. I have a question. Why do people move to Miami Beach? Is this like a rhetorical question? How this is in a little question that's that you're official's asked some people and they've got a start on conclusion. You want to hear about it? Go ahead, sir. I can't wait. People move to Miami Beach for the beach. Oh. Isn't that funny? I'll be there. You mean they probably conducted a big study and I probably spent about $400,000. Not just $5,000. And of course rates rates by the private sector. Yeah. And the average of resident age 88. No. 35. Hmm. Yeah. And you believe that, right? Of course. Yeah. You know, I'm sorry to bother. I made your software to make it's new article. Hmm. I don't know. Who wrote that? Barbara Kampendman. And I think there ought to be like a major TV investigation of that. Yeah. What do you think about this Eastern stuff? Unbelievable. What do you mean, what do I think about it? What does that mean? While the weight bush handle it and the bush isn't handling it at all. That's what I mean. Bush is a whimp. Don't you understand that. Bush is about as presidential as a peely Herman. I know. I'm embarrassed to say. I'm voted for that. Well, I mean, I don't know what made you people think that this guy will have a sudden gruesome over the summer time or something. I mean, he got was always a whimp. He's a bigger whimp now than ever. He's busy, you know, just putting on a pressure for his drinking body. It's just an embarrassment there. It's just a joke. I mean, the guy's in his ass there. Yeah. Yeah. He's only been an office less than a month now about three weeks. And he's already made more mistakes than most people make it a lifetime. I guess he's a turning one is over. I think I think he could probably reduce the federal deficit if he would put a tax on every mistake that he makes. I wonder who he was turning one with. That wife has got to go, man. Yeah. You mean his grandmother? Yeah. Well, that's what America wanted. Didn't you remember when Reagan got in, they said that everybody wanted a father figure. I guess they want a grandmother figure. Yeah. Okay. With Margo. Well, listen, I think you've been out of material for about two or three minutes, but have a great thing. Listen, can I ask you a question? Yeah, real fast. It's more interesting than anything else you've been saying. Yes. Then you play me the asshole. No. Why do you have to want to do that? I mean, I could, but we just don't have time. We're in the big one to two hour. We got a lot of time. We don't have time for stuff like that today. Davey, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I'm going to give you an ugly ugly or world time Charlie Carrot. You used to play, let's see it with the Yankees. Ten times they used to play. Yeah, I remember him. That's about 100 years before I was born. Yeah, but he was, he had a nine rounds of course. The top is very, I mean, look exactly like a gorilla. Really? Oh, well, he's the one you were born. That's correct. Ten times. That was a man. Okay. My favorite is pretty upset about it too. Okay, and say Wayne's not too happy. We have an open line at Brower now where that young gentleman just called in. Five, two, four. WID, I have some of that good spring water now. I'm starting to feel almost human again. I'm going through like a, getting my second win. Oh, God. Man, that's sudden surge of all of that food. Just knocks you on your butt. Anyway, let's go to Del Rey. Hello. Del Rey, how you doing? Okay. Jack. And they're true and believe it or not. Well, I liked your book in Cold Blood. It was really interesting. Yeah. The reason I was calling it. Well, several of you don't sit in here. One thing sort of struck me listening to that Marina and in Flatable's commercial. I read a why is that every time I hear it in Flatable by I think a marvel. I don't know why that is. But why is that? I don't know. I just, the two sort of go together. But the reason I was really calling it. I think you made me blowing it out of proportion. You know what I mean. I think there is, I guess. The reason I called originally was that I'm a group in the Chicago area and I, you know, I'll always follow the Chicago White-Fucked-Anscub's to some extent. And, you know, ugly baseball players were a trademark. I think Chicago. Yeah. Sherman Lollar, I think was where I was. Catchers. He and Andy Etchabir and I think have the catching award and Yogi. And well, there was a no one for the cubs to him. In fact, two of them. There was Perry, Cheydi, you remember? Yeah. I sure do. And he was exactly, you know, a good place to look at. But there was people like early win and Nelly Fox with those great big jols. Yeah. I'm not going to go. Here's the guy with my favorite jungle, Jim Rivera. You remember that? Yeah. You got arrested for rape and you were a little bit. Yeah. And you know what happened? He slid. He was the first guy to really go head first. Yeah. Well, we don't want to get in the van. You don't know. Oh, you mean in the second base. Yeah. Well, you know, speaking of people getting shot or in jail. Any wakest of the fillies. He was one of the ugliest people in his den. And will he put in head Jones? Yeah. That's another way. There's a really ugly guy. And here's the one that I think that you couldn't really call him ugly because you could never see his face, especially the night games. Mini Manoso. He was talking about you guys being a mini and Nelly and Couldn't head. Well, a lot of people. That's what you're saying. That's right. And H.S. That was a nice. H.S.S. H.S.S. H.S.S. H.S. H.S. H.S. H.S. H.S. H.S. H.S.S. Oh, that's a Да. There's a German gun on the gun. dagger. L.B. leakage. We've had to go AWD it's not bullshit. We've had to give you Buying Robo as well. L.B. My intentions to say either hell or their head or maybe his intentions are short. Well, there's a few never. That's what they copes it and they got a critical glass or somebody like that and Chris Still yeah, yeah Okay, what's up? You've been a really informative caller, but I write on Twitter You like the white socks, man. You're right. Ugly is the day that long. Oh, I Just one brief question. I and nobody got it. Oh, you have to be to play on the team Nobody said on this and I can't believe it the Easter when the Eastern parallet's walk off the line Yes, sir all the other parallets from all the other airlines I think maybe I heard just wrong. But didn't they tell us that hey and sympathy were now going to fly safe? Yeah, well, they're just stalling a little bit. Oh, and that was it Most of the people are used to that anyway, so what's it been? Oh, could I never used to be too scared until they told me now that I yeah, why it all these years was made feel yeah All right, well, that was just what I had today. Okay. Well, listen. You've been quite a caller believe me I have a great day One 24 and W. I did that was on a bokeh line Oh, man, we are really picking up some serious thing now because it's the big one to two hours obviously two seven eight nine four six three Two seven eight W I would be on America's only radio show where you also get the weather channel thrown in as kind of a Bro, no extra charge now we have a little something from the facts machine Algias number one Billy Martin number two, Yogi Perra Yeah, Billy had a shnaz that could stop saying Lewis is no question about that Anyway, speaking that if you have a big shnaz don't bother to come by on Sunday But if you look almost human we certainly invite you to come out to Toyota of Hollywood 128 W I would be here's another good vote on the facts machines says the obvious man Ever to put on a baseball uniform is none other than no neck Williams former Detroit tiger No neck yeah, but this name it's a good vote, but no neck played most of his very brief illustrious career with the Indians Walter and no neck Williams. I think also a little with the white socks Not that they wanted him to play, but he was ugly enough in a white socks like those ugly guys Okay, white socks had a guy named Jim bride weez ride weezer who was astonishingly shockingly ugly Okay, and that's what takes the qualified to play for the white socks Harry carried by the way used to men's easily forgotten because he was so many years with the cardinals and now for many years with the cubs But in between was with the white socks That really Which is why he left now you were talking you said about half hour ago that Joe Grasio is no longer of you He's no longer doing the play by CBS has got the contract, okay? So Mr. He's going who is works. He works anywhere that they'll hire him He's moving from NBC to CBS because he always does golf on CBS. Yeah, but this is really a win the games with Thomas Seaver I see because it used to be when Joe used to do the baseball games show when they when it would they have a rain a rainy day Yeah, and they would remove the tarp from the field and they used to remove the tarp from his head at the same time I think about those were the days When the lights would go out in the stadium they used to use the reflection of the camera Joe's dorm in order to keep the Rod cast on the screen to get the lighting Rowered hello Just great pal can you hear me on this telephone here? I sure can listen Can you hear those quarters jiglin to are you sure it's a pay-bones for the toss? Okay? I could get the operator on here for you All right listen if you want to talk about ugly you really got to turn the hockey Yeah, I know people down here can't relate to that but I know you remember Ed John stone. I remember any shack Remember Ed John stone? Yeah, but Eddie shack had him be any shack had him all beat okay? He had a shnies that would kill Detroit Listen and Johnny Barr was ugly too now that before you were born sir Most likely listen couple other things I forgot no I Want to have a quarter and share the movies will continue? I wanted to know if you thought you need me Curtis in trading places no The other day no card large breaths for a man that is correct She has bigger breasts than the guy what was his name to play the run Ealy run saying John Ron saying John We found a big a gigantic poster picture of Ron saying John the building we brought it here in the studio life size and Yeah, and when I leave here I'm gonna go home to dig on A1A You know this margo If you'd ever heard WAA will I day with Ron saying John you just wouldn't understand what you mean Yeah, you're music boy You guys know that world sex is illegal in New Jersey really well That's why Margo has been making around in all the other states. I think I really make some money up there Okay, one more thing. Yes, sir You were talking about the viewers. Well you're on work here in next door a WA one A Your music way come on let's get with it. What's that sir? That that Jewish ball player they were telling you about yeah, I think they were talking about Moses No, oh, yeah, that's the one Have a good weekend. Okay, you two pal. I was brother Moishi Fisher. It's 132 at WIO day weight boggs isn't you a sense? That's one of the silliest things I ever heard. Okay. That's like saying that Mickey Mendel is Jewish Anyway, I think I do the break now because it's one of our very important sponsors It then 137 at WIO D Everybody It was for a fortune Why is it one time themselves that easy? Okay, well I can certainly like that Let's go to dear field. Hello. Hi, you doing hi Glenn. Hi Have been called in a while. I wanted to tell you why I don't want to call my friend to do speck. I don't have a story about an old hag I don't want to know if there's one or two ends I don't want to tell you to get rid of Glenn I don't want to know what cars in the lot. I don't want to ask you what's a white hot I don't want to ask how much weight you said I don't want to ask if your core vet is red. I won't ask if you mean I only got trained I won't ask if the pot will fill up when it rains I don't want to give you a blue hair report I won't tell you a story and just keep it short No one asks how you do it today and fact that don't have a damn thing to say Great. Bye Okay, excellent. Good job. Well, that was good. Was it good job? 137 at WIO D I think the music fits in with that poetry. Don't you? Yeah, thank you guys a Send Mori put the doctor house to investigate that go back to the guy that called about the word put that Mori put it. Yeah, we forgot to go there on current affair. Yeah, boy. It was not fair I was not I think we had to have an investigation On the inside story Oh, is that for real on that call? Okay, hi. Welcome to Sandy Peyton show Hi, oh, yeah, I'd like to talk to Sandy Peyton. Okay. Hold on one second. Okay Hello Oh This is the long number. Who are you calling? I thought I was calling five two four ninety four sixty three Well, you're not even close. How did you? How did you want to calling here? I have no idea. You know who this is? It's uh, I guess it's the other. I'll be have a number. Yeah. This is that terrible guy. Yeah. I'm sorry. Do you know my name? I know your name right now. I'm like speechless. Yeah, so this is Neil. Neil Rogers. Oh my god, boy. I guess you really stuck out today Yeah, well, don't feel bad about it. Okay. Couldn't it be worse? No, no, I enjoy you And sometimes you get a little bit too much, but I know well listen you've Sandy a big kiss for us. Okay. Okay. All right for that On 39 at Wild. Do you where even the Sandy Peyton listeners? What do you want to tell to boys Sandy's gonna be really peer about that she's gonna have some Constance and about her calls coming in here Okay, she sounded like a very nice lady, but a little on the older side. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's what Sandy said. Okay, let's go to Oakland Park. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yep. I Was saying Sandy Listen, I was thinking of a guy I'd like an initially a guy who Like in the hatch of the Lord and him. He thought of you. I think his name is Tommy Lala Sorta I would go like she smokes the car Hey, buddy, and he wants to positive two. I think yeah, yeah, buddy. Yeah, good job. Okay. Yeah I like the I like this coming from you. Yeah, excellent. Boy talk about the popcorn Well, you guys have a good weekend up on YouTube, sweetie Wow 140 it's a Wild where we really we just these two days I was wrong about today by the way the beginning I got a little nervous, but this has been another Amazing It really has no I'm cereal Especially that guy who called me about an internet West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, you're given a temperature's all in the country Canadian okay, let's see it's 87 and sunny and so on I'm a new and beautiful and montreal man. It can pass gonna sunshine out of 1991 and The same Katherine ZDA perfectly Richard Nixon is visiting Niagara Falls Ontario where it's always perfectly clear 88 today folks Time to head back. I love it. See they could be enjoying that nice warm Canadian I'm here freezing their asses off They might have to turn the heat. I got news for your man Frank Lorenzo's got those Eastern planes cranked up across the Canadian border man ready to take you folks home It's very low rate Listen, I'll pilot some of the age of 12 Listen, I want to talk about the read and I know where it is that the local radio station W JNO seems to have a We say the sir did you say the local radio station well that may need but they would have been right on target We're getting all their people the all seem to come from Miami and go there than they go elsewhere It's called rejects they got all the read guys We follow the head. The reason I hired him is a good reason. See I used to work at century village First of all what's Palm Beach first of all you gotta talk loud to these people understand yeah They know that I'm can't afford to hear absolutely now if you were to walk in the clubhouse This is no joke, okay, there's plenty of big adventures to the all the y'all to Bobbers and the outfit Congress smooth that's all They sit there on the long benches. It was like sort of just the road what do I mean? They're just waiting see and they got the little radio's with their head phones We're good. That would be a great name for a book. There's more than one death row in Florida There's your ribs. They just renamed them. That's all they call them that your village bokeh That's your house for a pop and win more win more don't forget about win more pal Well, I'm looking here. We have a little called crest here. We must know the story even the living are buried in one more I was thinking this is a true story All right, you know has a tension which I think is so professional for calling other talks show host Addestation on the air. You know are you all my good. That's that is really crazy You know I was doing a show with a guest on another program at Janos seriously, but I'm gonna go So we're talking about something entire history with the little cable TV as a matter of fact So What happens is getting is it all of a sudden you're not with that com tell or com com test com case I was a one time I see But that's not the story okay How's you know I don't know cuz I know it's one of the companies up there sure is anyway I should work for them anyway Tell us that it all was some refollow calls on the hotline see and of course they put him our way the way he starts How you doing About the car can do the other time show you know, you're talking something it's right I mean a man into ages to work. Oh, he's incredibly can't control him I'm believe a winning come from where do you come from? hunger We're thinking keep it up and you know It's nice so having some you know on a new station on on I was a wonderful I love dreams if they call it It's nice to hear the audience is under a hundred yes. It's unbelievable have a good life Okay, right say I'll leave for us all right 143 a wio d that was a chronic guest on Palm Beach County touches He's a good guy though, but he's a chronic guest. I guess 655 wio d will never ever get on before we leave But it would sure be refreshing and exciting to see that line flashing again and just as I said that one of the power lines went out Okay, here's a mobile and proud hello yeah, yeah You call our call is with these English accents called in in order time and I just want to let you know at nine nine out ten of them Just the worst Immitations of a British accent, you know, I've ever heard like this one Well, no, no, no, let's listen There are three questions you can screen these calls from now on Okay, they're from England they would know the answer to these questions. Okay, by number one What is the English equivalent of the McDonald's Shane hamburger? The McDonald's Shane there's an English equivalent Yeah, I don't have a nap wimpy wimpy. Yeah, I think wimpy is from what I thought it's called when I maybe A George Bush spent too much time in England is that possible it's possible too many meals and wimpy's George wimpy's like the guy in Papa He's the example That's where they got it from okay, they stole it from us like everything else. Let's see I said war man. They've never been the same again Right, now number two now in cricket if someone says this and one of my favorite sports It is a good sport. Oh, yeah cricket is the score is almost even though it's rolling Was that I say I really enjoy it? Yeah, it's a little slow, but it's a good sport. Yeah, I like most of the British it's a little slow Well, yeah, you could say that all right if the score is 245 for three What a minute let me tell you the British are the only people in the world who have sex on Monday and have an orgasm on Thursday Okay, sure That's true, but it long through Sunday. That is true. Okay. Now. What is the question and cricket in cricket if the score is 245 for three? Yeah, what does that mean And what's the answer? Well, that means a 245 runs the three wickets like three out Oh, yeah, that is when we work it so right and what's number three? Number three what is a wallie and where would you buy one a wallie? Yeah, I thought that was I'll leave it to be Viver no, no, no, this is a wallie and that is a large goking Oh It could be purchased any I make your print said word which is he had one of those proud that he does And I can be honest the whole royal British Navy too right and I could be purchased from any fish and ship shop in England Oh, boy, anyone from me what are you about that British cuisine man? I think that planes a lot about you guys behavior Okay, that incredible British cuisine. Oh, you've never had a good shepherd's pie Oh, yeah Good stuff. Oh, yeah, I feel like Nanette's been braille of his friend He deals I mean you haven't lived to you by jelly deal well. I'll all our hold off okay until I'm just ready to take my last gas Okay, thanks for the I just go my friendly To smack okay, thanks a lot. Margo Adams would say thanks for the tip Thank you later 146 in wioj and we didn't can't we can't talk about wimpy's now, but we can't talk about charhado Okay, great. We're sorry that we can't recommend the nearest wimpy And all those people in all those horrendous such oh shepherd's pineapple Leaver oh my god, but anyway charhado is the it's 150 a wioj And I was just think about British royal. They have always been confused because I wondered why you can be born For example if the king gets married then his wife is the queen am I right? But if the queen gets married like what is her husband's name? I can never think of her queen Elizabeth's husband's name. What is it? Oh? Yeah, yeah, Mr. Blan I mean he's like Totally without any personality at all. What is it? No, he's not the king. He hasn't become he's not the king So as Elvis once said he said almost anybody can be a queen But only a very select few can be king. That's what Elvis said Anyway, what is his name anyway? I keep Oh the Duke of Windsor no he's not the Duke of Windsor No, he's not Is he the Duke of Windsor was the one that was married to Wallace Warfield and he gave up the throne so to speak Was it he's not the Duke of Windsor? That's like that's like when he said that What was the Dennis Eckers Lee? Was the new coach of the hurricane yeah Nick is getting I think he's catching it from you or something. He's not the Duke of Windsor There's no cure the Windsor was married to Wallace Warfield, right? Isn't that correct? Well, none of you people know anything about Prince Philip that's it. He's not the Duke of Windsor. He does have some other official name like that like Duke of Aurora or something like that. Yeah, okay my amy hello Duke of NAS I think it is. Yeah, hi Neil. Yep. Listen Now please don't hang up on me. Yeah. I told you earlier about man No, no, I can't talk to you twice in the same day sir. Please spare me the pain. I mean your first call was embarrassing Miami hello Yeah, in fact the fat witch's pacemaker just one of the call. Yes. Yeah, I think he's rather clever Concert well excuse me. I'd beg a pardon. Hey, wait. No, isn't that Prince Philip? Yeah, he's Prince but it is true though. I'm not like I'm on a ride. But it that's right. It's not a joke though When a king if the if somebody inherits the throne and becomes king Then when he gets married his wife is the queen right right But if the queen gets married her husband doesn't become the king because he's not part of the Bloodline he's not in the room kind of like horses, you know, that's why you notice that the queen and her family All of the heavily into horses. I think there's a little more there than meets the eye Anyway, go ahead I have a question notice that the call or thinking you know this was a long-possent I have a question of the week for you from a priest The For obvious reasons Yes, he wanted to know just how sturdy Jack really is Well, they'll have to find that out for himself Excellent question yeah, okay now I have to go see a Tom Cruise movie to find out for himself. I guess okay, okay See you. Thank you. One fifty three a wio d and let's move right along. Yeah quickly to Miami. Hello Wallace Simpson what did I say? Well, no, it's She had training she I'm telling you Wallace warfield Simpson. I think she was married twice or something Yeah, that's what she was an acceptance he was a divorce Uh-huh, but her first husband's name was Simpson and her name was warfield. Oh, okay. The other way around. Okay, Ben. Well, Tathoff. Yeah. Is that it? That's it. Okay. Wow One fifty three a wio d you never read that book about the prince who would be queen or whatever the name of that thing was You don't remember that reading about it. I mean it was before we were both born But he was gonna be the king Duke of Windsor and then the fell in love with Wallace Yeah, of course. I do Real Simpson and Brian Aganzalus de Ruffie shorts. That's right. That's a famous Very famous story and one of the great love stories of all time and he advocated the throne Correct to run off with Wallace. Mm-hmm. That's correct now. I do George Wallace. Yeah, uh, dear field. Hello Oh, bird. Yes, good. Yon Tath shall all molasses. Yes, what hippie should voice to you too. What's with the guy with the Nanephibray may his blood turn a whiskey said at a hundred bed bug get drunk on it and dance to Missouri In his belly button. Yeah, may he and Shelley Fabri or Nanephibray or whatever Belly fabric be known for their hospitality to guys creatures like rats bed bugs Please warmth and maggots I like to call my buddy Joe my pilot instructor amager to speck okay, sir. Well, he's just like a hard foster there you covered all the bases here as ugly as you may be 155 and Wiod let's go to Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Are you doing dude? Okay now. Hey, bird. How you doing fine? I think you got a great laugh and you fancy that Canadian they call you before. No, don't get all then Out of shape about the Canadian okay. No, I got said because when he drove back home he had to pay a toll on the a piece bridge Hmm the answer to your question of who she married was the Lord of Mandarin. Yeah, that's who it was I got a little trivia thing for you I just three questions, but they get harder That they get tougher as you go they get harder. I noticed you changing the terminology that all were margo is not back in the studio Okay, okay the first one's easy who hit the most home runs? Who is the most home runs? What? In their career modern Yeah, they're career Hank Aaron okay, was that supposed to be a tough question? I mean no, no, you went out jury Okay, number two, this would wage kept telling Margo, but it never happened and Who got the most bases on balls? They've roof No, that was Eddie Stanky. Yeah, out of here. No, no, Eddie Stanky didn't get the most bases on balls You're out of your mind. Okay the last one's the heart. Where did you come up with that? I read it now get out of here. That's not right Okay, the last one's the hardest who got hit the head with the most balls I think this caller to be honest 156 and WIOG Later Hill hello yeah, Neil yeah, they doing okay. Look at that weird advice Because I'm getting really sick of this sunshine that recrap. I got continental cable is oh boy good luck to you pal Well listen, I gave him a call today for the first time I got off my ass and did it so Yeah, the lady over there got a little pissed off and nice court, what she said to me? Yeah, if you have to jump it there No, I don't I mean don't say something you know I'm gonna have to dump I don't know if it's not bad She goes I go yeah, I come calling from waterhill I want to support channel and I'm sick of the Florida sunshine networks Because we're who gave you the idea to call oh boy and I go well on the listener The local radio person now and she gives me a ride just right you're not to say anymore and I quote Where does this asshole get off doing this blank? Where am I supposed to do I get verbally abused and I'm calling my my cable company? Well, I would call and talk to one of the supervisors there. I continental and tell them that you got that kind of treatment I mean you're paying I'm paying on I'm paying serious boss I'm gonna call when I get home If I'm gonna tell them the next time that they're rude to any of my callers see why get off doing it is that we have sports channel A Florida buying advertising there their message the thrust of what they're doing is to try to get public support And they you know if they get enough people to call the various cable systems Public demand will dictate that they're gonna have to eventually more and more put on the sports channel a Florida Okay, I decide anyone Yeah I can't got any business. I'd like that and I'm gonna call continental cable when I get home today and choose them a good And so because I got the number in the name of some of the Stupid vizers over there and they got no business treating customers like crap That's the problem with cable operators man. They got a monopoly in every community and they figure if you don't like what they're giving you Drop dead go to hell and stick it you're here. Okay Neil bird. Thanks a lot. I got to come my friend Chris to do you fact. Okay. Thanks buddy. What is that? You know what that does That really is fast my ass a little bit. That's right here. What is that really pissed me off? He should tell the same story to yeah when he calls and talks to the supervisor I mean all we're doing is passing a message along and letting the public know the facts I mean we you know we're supposed to keep it a secret That the sunshine network has in the southwest relationship would be most of the cable operators They got a piece of the action and as a result They're trying to keep the sports channel a Florida off and put them out of business and keep the public from getting to the heat games and hurricane games and NHL hockey and all that other stuff and speaking of that there's Joe I'm gonna leave this place so meticulously clean man. Oh yeah, it's gonna be incredible Now let me ask you when you came in here was this book like over on the floor it was right there Okay, so afterward okay, we've got some of Schmandrick who comes in here like late at night We've got a mysterious fanthamish mendrick Comes in late at night and messaged with the crap in this studio man. We're gonna come in and just beat the living daylight side of mokai We'll sick Jose can suck a lot his butt Okay, well, that's gonna do it for today stick around the kai ocho boycott Which is gonna be some more incredible can try controversy on the cane show coming up with a panel a distinguished panel and Denise de coloff who's the Brazilian singer who's been banned because she visited Cuba She had the unmitigated goal to go there 10 years ago, okay, and she still has a picture of Fidel hidden somewhere deep in Goddowning those were and that's gonna be coming up a two and then of course sports talk It's hurricane hotline with Joe and Sunny it's six oh five tonight and when they leave this studio man You'll be able to eat oh Of course one time they left it you could eat colst law I know I know we'll see we know okay listen have a wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow at the 10 o'clock in the morning I guess right I get it only more or less whenever to how we feel like it here on 610 wio Whether traffic and micro-narrate tomorrow morning on news dog radio 610 wio You