That's great whatever that means no boy. I thought you were boring on Q a m but I was here like terminal I know I've got a life but no what you said to her come here, Temp. I don't want to hurt you I just want to choke you long enough for you to stop stop one stop breathing yeah I mean okay well listen we'll be talking to you someday it's a 28 past 11 I couldn't take one more second to him. I mean he means well, but he is so boring any we have an open line in date 75 one W i d the birch beer is fantastic the little Nelly Bernilly is it Nelly? The Nelly burgers are fantastic too and I'm looking at that actually at the last one Here we give on to Mitch for his wife which is a likely story. That's kind of like the day that the fat rich walked out of here with that cheesecake that he was gonna take home for his friends and neighbors and the the whole thing that 45 pound cheesecake in his car on a way home It would just like a scene from the movie fat cell Anyway Miami hello yeah You want your rhythm? I'll tell you what you want me say this to you okay because he pulled one on me yesterday I still can't get over this and You know trying to hang out in town and just hide and Play behind our back and not help out on the show which he's supposed to do so if we take a vote on today and we get him Can without you know his involvement there would be kind of like a tipper tat would not Just leave me mine the little letters leave money island by himself. He had me Does not on the island these home is here Now he's just you know I mean just not as spite I'm gonna play one card today Really as I re-returned yeah, I'll never did anything to me Thank God that a bird is going down pretty good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh, that's how they call them a sliders I don't think it's very sure does he's a great human being so you know, but this What time did his daughter game it last layer five? I know well I went 22 winnings I was watching Last time I looked it was the top of the 20th about a 20 to one So much dated about one 30 that's gotta be some kind of amazingly greater than 29 I think the record is 26 with no run school at all. Oh, it no runs. I don't know That's gotta be a record. I mean that's just that's unbelievable So you know, I never thought I'd be glad that I lost you in but I guess I am now I'll have to be watching this So that's a debacle that's going on and that's a cool With uh is that like testicle? The bottle sure not a debacle you're stressed to D, you know, okay? Not to T, you know, so and leave the S out desticle? No, no I know the good news is that they got the braids coming in and the metts and expos are going west Hey, I got news for man the way the cups are playing right now. They couldn't beat They couldn't beat the pipe or high All right, I'm sure the braids are probably looking their chops Exactly, so they better butcher up a little bit up there in Chicago You know, there's a little back to you know about three weekends ago And then we expose when in New York and everyone was all screaming an hour and you know for a year Oh sweet they know you know Sweet the expos and I didn't I was going to stay in it and I didn't want I knew the X was it gone in there and maybe swept or taken two out of three I mean they just could have knocked the mess right out of the race I mean I knew the mess had gone in there and swept that they'd get right back in the race And then I want to check out how I want to tell you how desperate that division is I mean although it's a lot better in the American League Well that's true, but the X pose just recently lost 12 out of 14 games Okay, and there's still only two games behind what is that tire you? Well, what that tells me is it's a good thing that cuts built themselves up a little bit of a cushion Yeah, that's what you got to try and do it every time they build up a little a little cushion like when they before the all-star game They were three games ahead It was their biggest lead of the season. They were hot as a pistol and then bingo they lost seven in a row They fell out of first place and now they had built up their biggest lead with a hold here They were four and a half ahead after they swept the red glass week They made that big comeback in that one game And they were hot everybody thought they were just going crazy and now they lost six in a row again They just I don't know what their story is They just can't relate to winning But at least they won't have to face that Tom Collins anymore, you know The guy Harry kept calling Dave Collins Tom Collins and again yesterday He was calling Joel Oliver Myers. I don't know Harry is just lost a total He's checking out the good looking bro. There's a lot of pressure these days No, as long as you know I have to cover them when you just please with the X-Bos when I just can't handle them No, not the X-Bos cardinals Not the matcha of the X-Bos the X-Bos make me sick. There's something about them. Maybe it's those French Canadians Okay, I can handle an X-Bos fan over met a fan That's true that is for what you can't you can't knock the X-Bos fans because they don't have it That's true, so they're dying up there So bird if you're out there you suck. Okay, okay Neil one vote to ban the bird back at I&Z We had a little thing one day about ban the bird and What is that? Al is an exposed fan. Al Al is oh, yeah, I forgot about that. Well, everybody's gonna have a fan Some more Alis has one or two out there in the audience. It's 1133 a WOD What oh, did you have that stuff about the game? Oh, the previous longest game was 19 innings there was a scoreless Well, that's what I just said one at longest game ever was 20. No, I didn't say maybe I said 26 innings It was the giants played in that game the giants and the fillings are somebody or the cubs? Yeah Like I said Brooklyn and Boston Braves By I know we don't care about all these other like sub records. Okay minor records the bottom line is that this was the longest game in major History to be scoreless Previously was 19 they went through 21 innings and then that that trophy Disgusting Rick Dempsey who couldn't hit his way out of a paper sack hits this tremendous home run for the Dodgers in the top of the 12. Thank goodness top of the 22nd and Montreal big mighty Montreal with Gala Raga and he'll be Brooks and though Tim Wallich and all these big Couldn't score they couldn't come close to scoring in 22 innings. They were pathetic and it couldn't happen to when I said bunch of guys 1134 at WID we assume stem is all finished here, right? Oh, you're still Alice Hold on Did I hang up on you? Oh, I tried doing a hold on what did he say I could not just make out that one real Thank God it was mumbled 26 till noon at WID I think stems been hanging around with some of the wrong people up there Better have a jack have a long talk and do when you come back here young man anyway Let's talk about siams doll Boom came by all the way while all the way like a few blocks down the road and showed up at the bizarre yesterday to say hi With his wonderful family and And everybody's Raven to me in fact some of the management people from the bizarre were telling me yesterday about how they've become a groupies of siams doll And they go up there for lunch and dinner all the time now because it just is sensation I mean high food and it's very very best great stakes and seafood and delicious appetizers and whatever you do I maybe you're not a big soup eater like I am I very rarely can start a dinner without soup But to try any other great soup like the hot and sour soup or that Coconut milk or the Okay, I'm 52 a W mild day what I'm gonna do math I think in a one o'clock hour or just crank that up And we'll get to radio at the time tunnel. We're just let it go for the entire hour probably get about a 96 share people will be just blurring that All over South Florida he is just such a he's turning into a slime boy, you know what he really is he turning into a despicable Disgusting little slime ball. What's about a tie he was a good guy And he kind of like wander around the building over at I and Z and you get the mail and just a smooth and all Have anything you want within reason joy and and those were the good old days And all of a sudden you got a swell to hit and a lot of you butt kisses out there started feeding that massive ego that was growing out of control Like a runaway watermelon and And now it's just a hopeless side thing Pember pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing great good I heard you mentioning that about Alex Bennett. I want to see how good your memory is a couple years ago. I walked in and a foot rockers and sat down and basically a cost of you for lunch Oh, yeah, I was so on my way to my heart to the hospital right my friend who was dying and I just never forget that Yeah, it's not in the mood to talk to anybody and you just that that's okay. I don't want to make you feel bad At the time I asked you a few that have heard of Alex Bennett and you said no, but he basically is Power levels your career in a lot of ways because actually really yeah back in 73 or 74 They were trying to keep little all ladies and tennis shoes were trying to kick him off here because he was stirring them up and getting them pissed off And basically people with kids would call up a lot and say what do you think a fan tan? And what do you think of the grateful that and you go what do you think about him? What do you think don't ask me Like that you know, but he's good Yeah, that sounds pretty exciting. Yeah, yeah, well, basically that's what he got a lot of pinheads back then in the early 70s So he's basically left when diverse and then they'll do a good show. Great Wow, I'm glad you say so. Oh, yeah Will enjoy him. You think he needs the bird here with him now Definitely not uh now Well, maybe we ought to have the birds stay home next week. Yeah, I think so well let him join you No, no way Jose like I said I think he needs him here just to assure him the ropes. Yeah, maybe so Okay, have a great life. Okay, 11 54 at Wild we have an open line in Broward if you move real fast now at five two four Wild So Alice is going to England to visit the Queens, huh? Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh. Hi. This is a bird. I always got it to be dry yesterday How you doing, Roberta? Yeah Great. I think I decided to picture for you didn't I Know you decide to picture for my mom well, tell us a selfie is your mom She's been trying to get really if she hasn't been able to isn't that incredible She wanted to thank you and thank you, and see if she thinks you're adorable Sharing and Steve What does Steve have to do with yesterday's show? Steve wasn't there. Oh, but he's just adorable in general. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's Sophie boy She got a great sense of humor. Steve was listening to Well, of course She wants our addiction for the bird job. No thanks The teller it was a real pleasure was a real treat for all of us. She was the hint of the party Saying okay Roberta you never good day you too. Bye. 11 56 in Wild we have an open line in date now Let's keep those lines going at least till lunchtime. Okay 751 Wild. Hoppano. Hello Neil it's Mike Fingle from Haydo and hey Mike had a great time yesterday. Did you? Well, that's great. We tried to make a full-year dad. I think we uh to some degree accomplished what we had in mind now He was say was great. Yeah, we did it was good. We left the park on some pretty full in fact some oh She's I had something here about Pompano Park and if you wouldn't have called I'd have forgotten all about it Somebody sent me Or that I heck is that thing Roger left it for me. It was about them televising from Pompano the breeders crown And I think I threw it in a waste basket in a moment of weakness well. It's still not important, right? If you don't want to hide anything, huh? ESPN. Oh, we don't want people to see alive until you want them all to spend their money and come out to the track that night Right when everybody be at the track and they better get their tickets now because otherwise you're gonna get shot out Right. Gonna be a mob scene. We got to have a Neil Roger night the race track Yeah, it's the owner way to load the track up the 20,000 people I believe we are sure definitely Especially we give him some winners. Yeah, some of those Canadian drivers back across the border Okay I thought it just got up so much time where to give him how again. I'd listen tell your dad that he's running his image by even mentioning that he knows time, brother. Okay, I mean Steinbriller is such a subhuman disgusting Excuse for a human being and he's in now like fucking dead is lost. What four out of five is it now? Right. So far and he's starting to pack his bags already Okay, that's on nervous. He's getting so I wouldn't I wouldn't get too excited about George If you did with just to take that wing and bury it and hide it somewhere or put it on the Zayna case in the house It just forget about George Okay, you know what I'm saying? Yep You go on vacation I'm getting far away from here trust me. No gambling Yeah, it could be could be a little bit Okay, if it is gambling good luck and make a lot of money. Okay. Just like you. Okay. Okay. See you. Right. I'm like Okay, that's Michael Finkelson at Alan Jr. So to speak is another one of those great gambling degenerates That we all know and love we have a couple of minutes before news time. Let's do Palm Beach. Hello New cubby suckers. Yeah, sok it. I think you had too much to eat on suckers. Is your problem pal? No, what are those New Yorkers with a 40-boy? Yeah cubby Well, those metzer powerful. Oh, aren't they what are they scored? A lie's two games Uh at least they're consistent, right? They scored the same in fact as score was the same yesterday as it was the day before five zipp Five to zipp that big good donut That the guy keeps talking about that we won't talk to you know the big donut in the sky the match You're doing it of course they're taking the day off so they can make that big swing through the west coast again And that ought to be really exciting especially when they play those three in San Francisco It ought to be a really great Okay anyway the Palm Beach line is open if we have any more You're literate New Yorkers who want to call it and make up Barnyard sounds like the last guy 65 five nine four six three 65 five W-I-O-D Steve is after noon they congressional candidate Gerald Richmond the baits. I'm gonna see Eliana wouldn't show up because she hates Steve like poison And because she's basically a coward But Xavier Cortata is gonna be here taking a per thing I guess and they're gonna talk about the political campaign and alleged racism And they know nice friendly chat and then the non-schulisho at six sports talk the kids kickoff Thank with live from the right us in hotel at 625 Followed an A-A-Clark by the Orioles at the Yankees so we got it all right here on 610 W-I-O-D And the Chuck Myers standing by now with a new W-I-D is chucking the new now by the way He's gonna come in here in addition for the birds job is psychic so stick around it on a really be exciting And I'm one of the ice creams to about a 30 for little piece up there That's it sir. That's all you get You know these Jewish people you're upset with me my and I we were very tight Come over every once in a while we talk about the things I don't know where I'm running this here My thickens you know He's looking to pin something on us Inquisition or Holocaust They are so few people got killed Life isn't perfect look at us look at the kind of All-steer existence we got a live The Archfurtier tonight I'm the first guy he's sleeping with in six wheels all right Ha ha ha ha ha I Will wonderful nicer Come on, my hands getting off the boys with the<|lv|> This is just boy Yeah Almost isn't to rest in your sister's the area social show He's depressed some other week out Those Jews call it yah He's normal makeup's you know they haven't even turned off for long Time for breakfast for the next 2 hard Baby hen Ha velly hen I ever leave it alone I'm arrinating, I will know Sizes people and people Leading the cards up a kid They can carry up his dog, you know, and this little dog used to walk the beach, and so cute. Don't you wish to... That's such a bizarre dish. And all the other boys they really need, they almost be Jewish. Heh, heh. That's so... That's just absolutely disgraceful, that's so. Blast from a city, try it. But, uh... You can't do that. Chitchie, yes. Don't cheat your clothes, like the earth, like the archbishop. Now that it gives you time, work for. Well, you're not too stupid, you're just a little nearer, like the man of the two. I got up and asked him, went down, and moved to his home, and told me he's new. This thing's long, he's not back, and I just called out his name and got up. But we know now that he wasn't talking about this time, wouldn't mean that, but... And you at the place you kept asking, you'd have to consider yourself good, and no, but it seemed that all his tear to die was a distinct boy, it says no. But, uh... Time of wounds to move the pain, and it's got to set that free. So, I gave him forward, and thought his mislead me, so I had to... And he tried for a while to do his thing, but again, no for now. So he's got a never thought and caught a burden. And get the blood, and some bones came to the throat, and thought that he was a sort of trouble. And what's there, and what's there? But a whole life there of the audience, till it's all the pain of the third. Well, I knew you'd show me, because they did fall, and I'd see you, and it's cool, what's up, and it's like that, and it's just a shit, but you know, there's things you don't fool. So he backed you up, and it took the children to the bottom, and I had the dream. With those who often want to turn it on, so it's a war. 14 years at common ground, my heart's changed as I went, so now I think we've reached the top, for a long, much to say. Thank you, for the fun and last that you picked to us, and you, because without you, the audience didn't get to die, and all the only heart won't fail.