Newstalk Radio 610 WIO D presents Neal Rogers To get in touch in talk Call 751 WIO D in days 524 WIO D in Roller Or 655 and 278 WIO D in the Palm Beach Other areas may call Colette The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers I'm not necessarily those of the stations Now here's Neal Rogers On Newstalk Radio 610 WIO D Come now from the town in I wouldn't have eaten I get that the queue and hey where's I going? What's he doing with that machine gun? Oh my god, what's the deal? What's the deal? He was fed up with reading one story after another About drugs and violence Now he wants to write the role That rewrite the news in And full, starring and fiction So gently breathe I'll see you tonight at 5 seconds and a lot of stuff And soon Soon there will be news into our own hands What are you good for doing? When I get through with you There won't be enough of you less than make a good two-day or John song And starring and fiction Also starring Carl Weather's is towing Flutterdale And John, not that John, no There's a stationary grunt over the middle And full of deep green roads to Newstalk And full of healing food Oh yeah, 10-07 at WIO D And we are glad to see you Well this is a banner day in the history of the show ladies and gentlemen It's 10-05 at WIO D We have our first official guest And what is it nine weeks? This is week nine And you know what they say? What goes around? It comes around because this gentleman was sitting here on a very famous Friday Was that on a Friday? Yeah, when you were at the TV show A Steve said he probably came in early probably at Wone or so And the time is leaving at Wone But that's just a coincidence That I want Steve to get a complex But you have got a little deadline schedule at my new paper And I have to get out A Tom Jick is the former radio TV editor of the Miami News And he's going to tell you stories about the Miami News today That'll make your hair curl And if Howard Kleinberg's out there listening Good luck to you Howard And of course Tom now is with a son Sentinel Now let me just can I get something Just one second Dude I don't want to see you guys have some work to do over the weekend I can tell you how that happened I just want to look at the John Brown thing I see you know what happened We had a situation up because they got word yesterday what you were doing down here We had really yeah we had situation Well the person who does the radio listings was head left the paper at the end of last week And being the holiday weekend someone who didn't know anything about it Other than the fact that it had to be in the paper grab the file Never bothered to look for the date Just so I January date It could have been 1986 or 87 Slopped it in there and But no that situation was addressed And it won't happen again But meanwhile that's not my responsibility folks I don't have to do that in public I just try to point out some of the people that work there before And even on the radio I think it's on Sentinel Or a TV set Well I don't know the nice to be nice to me Oh they're wonderful folks Just like the folks here they're tremendous I mean once in a while they get a little erratic But by and large they're great It's quite of all the terrible things you said about them Not me no they've been terrific to me I've never felt so welcome in a place And the people with the news See that's the thing you said about Howard People with the news You like Howard? He was a cox that you could get his land Who really screwed us around But you are going to tell us some great stories about Wow yeah this is interesting news stories There aren't any toys But what is it about newspaper stop Pick up this morning's Miami Herald January 4th And here's a big ad In the front of the feature section About when tickets to the orange bowl It's orange bowl time again So the orange bowl parade And um I can get it in her by January 2nd I can tell you exactly what that is That's what's known in the business as a house It was probably happened there It was a paid ad that was killed at the last And they keep a pair of ads And I was like Really recall highest in the house When read that one And somebody in the composing room That was the ad that fit the whole So they just slapped it on in there And they make some look real on top Oh yeah I've heard the ad so you know I don't want to make a tip for top It's in the radio station here for a bit That's what that is It's just never had to go here Picking up the wrong cut So anyway I don't know that we got anything to talk about today Because no, let me go And all the people out there all confused Much to do about nothing Oh yeah that's not one more You don't understand I've heard it more than most Because I've had the monodity stay See now if you do a move to Broward Because you're working up there in a four-laterdale now To sunset and if you do have to move to Broward One of the great things to discover is that NBC comes in equally as well on a cable If you do have cable on four and a five Exactly the same there No technical difference whatsoever So like out of spite you can turn on five a lot When the network programs are on And just say goodbye to four You know Neilson isn't in your house or anything But just kind of a psychological post To get even for that campaign That is the worst The most offensive thing and the one that really gets me is the guy in A leather jacket Yeah, it's supposed to be in the onion And that guy and he's All of those spots are nervous and hyper You know everybody who's in those spots By the time you get through with them If you can stand it you're so sick to your stomach And nauseous you want to puke It's not so much the campaign which really isn't that bad It's the reputation Yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Back back It's almost like a torture What are they thinking about over there They promised I did a piece on it last Thursday Where they promised we were going to cut him by 15 Now they even fly that line about that Well, God knows what the campaign might have been If it'd been double what it was then I'm fortunate I'm telling you back to back Oh, they're still doing it And apparently it's going to go on at least through the end of the month And you know if I had that option I certainly would turn to Channel 5 Because it's just an offensive campaign They're repetition Before we get into all of that you got a column in the sentence And last morning about sunny fox And which answers a question which I heard was raised here yesterday By Steve the time is not covering radio Not so What did you hear that? What did Steve was had a rough couple of weeks You know, Hank give Mollos Bumster's highball games over the weekend He had a lot of a grief on that So I intend to do everything up there that I did at the news TV radio As a matter of fact one of the things that we discussed when I went up there for the interview They were happy that they would get better radio coverage and they'd been getting Oh, someone who actually owns a radio and other You know, I think that's really neat Other than the piece that I did on Sunday on the change of the stations My first column is on radio So what is this during? Sunny called me at home The day after this all happened And I didn't want to really pry He told me whatever he wanted to tell me But I'm still a little bit confused You know, I know how bad most management isn't Business most of them are high grade morons What is the dealer? The guy had great numbers? Well, he didn't You remember and you might the public won Because I generally don't deal in rumors But there was a big rumor going around I guess in October the Sunny was gone the end of the year I called Sunny and I asked her about it And he laughed it off and I called the station You know, they laughed it off But supposedly the story was that Sunny was getting good numbers But not good numbers for the kind of money the Sunny was making That was that you know this was the rumor And like I say they both laughed it off at the time But sure enough come the last week and December there Sunny off the air Now neither side is talking a lot because they both under instructions of attorneys But from what I can piece together It was one of these discussions apparently that ended with Sunny saying You can take this job and do what you know put it somewhere And that was all they were waiting for Now again this is strictly my interpretation That was all they were waiting for going Okay, you quit, you quit, we heard you say it And that apparently is what did this few of those What that your son's familiar doesn't In other words, they kind of give an open invitation to leave Yeah, Sunny was probably telling a very one Very one major trap But again, that's all my interpretation from reading really fine lines Between the lines because they're one of your not gonna like that you wrote about That's never gonna hold up Well, I only quoted what the station No, I understand but I'm saying that if they think they can keep them off here in this market Not gonna hold up because it's been tested in court before Well, it's tested by Amy You're in the middle of talking about me there have been other ones Maybe three months, maybe six months and under the other You can be held up Not for a year No, not for a year But I mean, I don't know that they had year clauses I think they had like 90 day clauses Wasn't Steve off the F-6 months Three, I think Three, I think three of this six is about as long as any judge Well, I think if they're out of the way I don't think that they should exist at all I can understand I guess why they have them Station doesn't want to promote the hell out of somebody And then see them walk across the street But Jesus, this is American if you change Like I changed jobs And the news did a certain amount of promotion To me right up to the last minute of course they're out of business But you know, here I was a Friday was working at the news Sunday I was working at the Sun Sentinel I hear a lot of the problems are why 100 have to do with this new ten year old program Directed they brought in from Chicago I don't know too much about them The word is just not a great guy You know what I mean? The apparent? Yeah. The eight-year-old PD that does those I suppose to be saying the Sun he started came out He was the one who said that the Sun he said that he didn't resign And he said anyone who would get that interpretation From the conversation would have to be insane That's a money thing that I piece together Apparently it was one of those deals Where people get married each other all the time That's it don't really mean it But that was all the excuse they needed I wouldn't be surprised there that I'd tape We can get the radio stuff out of the way like in the first segment here Because there's not really much going on a book comes on next Tuesday Is it Tuesday? Well I'll have a call and then I guess Wednesday or Thursday We have different deadlines at the Sun Sentinel I'm still getting used to them Now you all do you want to do it? Still on the years at station school I believe it is They signed that people to contracts I don't know. They talked to anyone Is it really is it a contractor is it a letter of agreement I told the farmer was supposed to call us with the inside story But I have a feeling that somebody got to He called me yesterday or done it He called me yesterday, he wanted me to come on I said I've got a lot of things I've been getting caught A lot of people Especially up in the northern mark of Palm Beach and Brown Because I'm the new guy up there I guess And I said you know you have to put it off a bit But I didn't hear from Lee personally Well I'm a tourist Maybe he's in hiding now I don't know he's not sure everybody else should do So they're still on the year over there There are graphics, there's so ancient Well we'll see when the book comes out It's a strange book that had he interpret the book next week I mean you were over there for half the book you were here for half the book That's kind of that's kind of skew both the morning and the midday You really won't get a rating until the next book Yeah that's kind of nice gives us a little breather It's going to go up some But the interesting part will not be here will be the drop at the other place Yeah and to see what happens in the morning when you're ready I got to see one thing for Zeta You know I did all that racking about the billboard And so you see the one on ninety five where the Zeta was cut off on a billboard What they've gone two stages They finally, evidently they discovered it themselves They heard me talking about it which is more likely And they finally got them to complete the Z in the A Now they've gone overboard The Z is and the A are sticking off the edges of the billboard But you don't see how they had Neil Rogers on the one by the A Long beyond week Long after L.A. I guess they figured they paid for it They'd leave it up there, maybe fool us And they could tune in for a while anyway Maybe they could catch a 15 minute segment But there's nothing else going on There's no shiitful Didn't know and didn't know what we were talking about Before we went on about Waxi apparently is up for sale Which it has been for years Long as I've been in the board I mean yes It was a K.T. You know they said OK, oh situation I think that's probably the last of the next of the last RKO station And we sold it Well, the R has been held up there People challenging that Well that's been challenged for you What they're looking for is a buyout Probably that's what they've been doing in these situations Yeah, it seems every time this one of these Challenge licenses that's how it winds up One group buys out the other to take their complaint back That's what happened when 96 X remember a whole bunch of people put in for the licenses And then you know one group just poured out all the others Well it's a game I think it goes out with licenses But you know the audience is not They've been interested in it Yeah, I'm generally for deregulation There shouldn't be some kind of an anti-trafficking Regulation back in where you just can't buy these stations and move them again Every three or four months All right, when we come back I want to break now and when we come back We got to hear that Spiggin freeway thing Somebody said I know that you'll give us about a minute to Been a long time since we heard that I don't hear that one It's not great quality but we'll do that after the break And also before we get into the TV And I know this is what most of the questions are probably We're bound today and We got to talk a little about the Miami News Oh yeah Just a little bit Just a little Yeah, well you know what happened there Corporate America at play It's really interesting how you can you know Go out of business and make $300 million by creating monopoly Now that wouldn't be this company, would it? Oh that's right Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing Yeah, well they didn't Disney comes in a control of my gives you dirty look You will understand he probably never give me a dirty look Probably had a call from the Cox lawyers That's it That's it Get up It's 1018 at WIOD 1023 at WIOD Our guest is Tom Jika the radio TV writer now for the Four Latterdale Suns and Lily finally escaped that Little tiny newspaper in day which we'll talk about Now we got that all cute up Roger B. I want to make it clear that our Good friend Don I'm is At WFA and formerly WNBC in New York Give this his blessing to use this stuff And Johnny Dark also should get a little credit here for Interfeeding and making sure that we could play another quality on this This is mediocre okay it's a little muffled And we're going to get a much clearer copy But it's the best that we can do Learned about That house Listen Thank you Hello What is warm? You come here often I mean it's been here before No, first time What's your name? Freeway that's nice One figure We have to need you Pick up my name here And I hear to get some clean Oh, I don't know You work around here I'm a waiter but actually I'm an actor Oh yeah, I know what's the top And you probably need to rely Oh, I'll say but you know everything is in the news and all It's a pain you can start relaxing right now Freeway I brought something Ooh She and freeway Not just any she either Wow Good man He can come to me But here's the most important part Pro-tech label Pro-tech I'm those in door By the city council of Panthencisco You know the projects I sure do The city by the bay Well, what do you say? John, look at that I trust the soap again You bet your life he will And with confidence Because freeway and spikot have Come to me Don't let worry, spoil those Hence meetings and public showers Always carry Pro-tech To my my free SMB We are O-C-E-P-T Then down with no apologies I can't do anything I can't do anything Don't doubt Know what it's all about The Pro-tech chief so they won't send you A re-protect condoms Activating a black flag helping garden That's from gold division Keep these situation safe since 1887 1026 at WIOD Thank you, Don That is nothing to do with anything we're doing But I promised yesterday we would play it Okay, my minus closed on Saturday There are all those stories right up to the end The seal, no seal All out of the stuff I didn't have the best line today The way they were trying to sell the news Was like having a fancy sports car Trying to sell it without the engine I mean once they removed the J-O-A The J-O-A allowed them to strip themselves Of all their assets J-O-A is joined operating agreement That allowed the herald and the news to circumvent anti-trust laws To combine their operation so that We published the news published At the herald facilities When that was signed in 1966 The news gave up their own facilities And it just more or less put them on a lifeline To the herald and as soon as you're with true that lifeline If someone would have bought the news I think the herald said they would have agreed A published the news for a year They didn't say anything about the other services Like celly advertising delivered To start up it would take months If not years to put together What should need to sell advertising to get the paper delivered There was never any real likelihood The morning that they announced that the The paper would go under They told the staff that this This virtually no chance of a sale That that was the day that they announced it So you know, were they really since CR and trying to sell it Why would they want to be there? Gonna make maybe $300 million out of it Not going to be interesting I think that's the way us to do this show I think that's the way I want to apologize Well that's what I do I see what I saw I saw a $300 million of 30 years This is what I think they did They said they had to make the post Anyway, there was some interesting things you told me before I don't want to be an instigator But you said that when we did this show We made plans to do this a long time ago It would be all over and you'd be working somewhere else Which is not on what you are And there were some stories that you wanted to relay Which to me were shocking For example when you used to do the show and go back to the news There were things Oh, I would bounce around from executive office to executive office You know getting my fany whack Why did you say this and why did you say that And how could you say this And you know, one anything really terrible But the big thing being that they went absolutely Not any time I said anything about the herald Now supposedly we were familiar Really? Oh, yeah, any time I said anything Negative about the herald By one time I made some kind of a flip comment about the cape And you know, I think it was I said he was Yeah, one of my favorite things I forget it was just like a fun comment It wasn't anything in oh my god It was just at the end of the world Dave Crasill had me in his office And he referred it to the managing editor And the managing editor referred it to how And oh my god, it was like the end of the life I mean I really feel like But allegedly the two papers were cognitive This is what really tickled a lot of people off Most people are not that stupid Ownership there was this in sestuous relationship And I don't think it's an accident that the circular I almost passed out when I read in one of the last Additions that the circulation dropped to 48,000 You know, and then you know, and then 48,000 We'd get that many people in this block Oh, yeah, new times is probably doing close to that Uh, no, the thing about it that 48,000 There's another example of how they manipulated things That 48,000 figure was the absolute rock bottom figure On one bad day during the summer And they wanted to get it down to that figure They never really, we never really had an opportunity To see the agreement But during the last few years we used to joke at the paper They were trying to put it out of business And we, you know, we were joking But now you have to wonder Uh, and supposedly there was an escape close Of 50,000 again these are all hearsay Because we did read none of us ever saw the agreement And they got it under 50,000 It's real coincidental As soon as they got it under 50,000 they came up with this agreement But the thing that really bothers me Is the way they handled it They've known they were going to put the news out of business In January of 1987 apparently They renegotiated this deal And the circumstances that happened, I'll get into that in a second They renegotiated this deal Meanwhile, since then they brought people in from out of town Had people relocate, reporters, and editors And Tom, don't worry about 1996 Hey, no problem, you know, because 1996 was supposed to Oh, please So they brought people into town They allowed people to close on houses like within weeks of when they were going to Make this announcement and they knew they were going to do it They had someone come down from one of these exit services They kind of hold your hand and tell you things I'm going to be that bad and we had them in for counseling And this guy told one of the groups That he was ready to come down here in June That he had his plane ticket in his bag pack And he was coming down here and got a call Like at nine o'clock at night You know, hold off when I'm going to make the announcement yet And they didn't make the announcement not to October Meanwhile in the interim they allowed department And the department has the buy houses, take 30 and more We just It was just, you know, like the hell with the people As long as we get out three hundred and thirty-four That's not pretty far, that's just thinking, though by a house And the really interesting thing was that the week that the paper went under Was the week that Forbes released It's list of the 400 richest people in America Well type number seven and eight Whether it's with a coxist is a wellness company At two point two five billion dollars a piece Now, you know, how much is enough Roger just got nervous when he released He's going to go and ask for a raise in the deal Two point two five billion a piece That's four and a half billion dollars That's such a monster figure just roughly You know, we just did some figuring in the newsroom That at about seven or eight percent what you could get in any money market fund Which of course they're doing a lot better with their investments But if they never made another dime and they're making money hand over Fist every day, you could put that into a bank and a money market And get roughly a million dollars interest a day Every single day of the year You know, here it is we with the only hand Rebecca Paul can compete with that Are you going to that boy am I glad I'm glad you did that last week But anyway, it goes Roger he said I saw Rebecca at the orange bull the other night She's a big fan of mine. Oh yeah, well, I mean I'm glad I was driving the car that day And I said to myself how can she could just put a yeah, they just like kissed a fee and you're right They don't pay out of diamond is give me the twenty seven million dollars And let me take it out of track and have a good time They give you five percent of the prize Now you can get seven or eight percent in the money market anyway Well, look it's the biggest sucker bet that ever came down to pike Let's face you gotta be we've got to be a moron. You know I played like I said I mean why do you play it now? I'm pretty only shot I ever have a 27. Oh, but you know you don't have any shot Look at those numbers last week. What were they drinking up there in Tallahassee that they come up with 20 30 40 And what I had 50 but there is no 50 so they got 49 you know what was that all about? I don't know that's why you had five winners I guess but anyway If I would you like to win 27 million have the winning ticket and think you're going to win that much I can't find out their four other people are wanted well I don't know five million would be a nice constellation prize But I said the same thing Sunday morning but anyway to get back to the new situation So here's these women with two point two five billion dollars of the one this radio station They're making a million I just mentioned that I'm making a million dollars or they could be making a million dollars a day just in interest Obviously they're making a whole lot more than that Not to mention that the own cable companies that are just cash cows just gushing money and For years the only assets of the Miami news were some employees They had nothing else the furniture everything else is on by the hell the building We had nothing all in one rule here are the people that have been making this money They're going to make another 300 million dollars and they put us out in the street And then they you know they they talk right we I got a nice buy-out because I was there 17 years But you know how you know how classy they were I would have been there 17 years in April You know how they they figured my seven space think they give me 17 years. I got 16.7 minutes So they did so well that other point five yeah, yeah, but a broken right there Yeah, the point three weeks you think they would have said well as 16.70 euro for 16 Would give you 17 years credit no no I got 16 point they so and then they had this deal Where if you were over 40 years old and you'd been there more than seven years you got up to one years pay for up to five years For being over 40 because obviously and I just marketable when you're over 40 same deal I'll be 44 in July. They gave me three point four years I mean they just really nickeled in dime this thing they're going to make 300 million dollars Women who are already the seventh and eighth richest people in America and they nickeled in diamonds to death and But you know, but you know, it's easy to have hindsight, but it's just like my leave in the other place Under slightly different circumstances, but horrendous management and coming over here and making tons more money and working for people who treat me well And being on at more civilized hours and everything is just so much better and I think of every time I think And you be in at the Sun Sentinel is how nice it must be to be a newspaper that has readers. Oh, I mean I was a joke. I was a bad man But it was it nobody read we couldn't get people to read the paper the news the news was a good news paper at one time I think newsweek magazine called it the best second best newspaper in America. Yeah, and you know, I was the guest I thought it would hard to get in a lot of places. I can't brown it. I had to go out of my way to find it. Well, they may know effort to sell it Broward or minimum effort to sell it and brow it. All right. Let's let Henry stick his two cents in here Henry Burrow standing by with the Wild news update It's 1034 and we'll come right back with Tom Jicker I Fixed up Hey listen now this No show would be complete without a little bit of this without the audience to feel detached from reality 1038 and Wild time jick is here the radio and TV editor for the forlaterdale Sun Sentinel and let's get into this. I might as well Now, let's not let's hold off on one second before we talk about that. I want to ask you about you know I know you love cable companies just like I do. Yeah, in fact if you move to Broward and hopefully you will have your satellite They should be able to bring it with you. If you have to get continental cable. No, I won't you blow your brains out. You move back to Kendall because It's a nightmare. You know, the not only are they not going to give us GM which we never had on there and now that stories take it into away from everybody else But The thing that is six for example some days is like a shadow the picture is so bad. Yeah, 12 is good But it's not what four was in other words. It's not the kind of picture I would expect on a cable company for a major network of fillet You know the best idea here the other day I heard you when why not Why not burn I talked to the guy I talked to the new vice president yesterday a channel 60 says that's one of the things they considering Well, what making all that are that's in the world. You know is well, I do because you got a satellite. There's a T what is a T 2 or whatever one. Yeah, I'm just putting a channel six up on your so it'll cost him some money, but they got to stay high for a song anyway. They got it for almost nothing So in at that point all of a sudden like all the cable companies pick it right up just like they pick everything else about the satellite You get it clear as a bell no matter where you are they're going to have to do that it makes that I'm going to tell you on Sunday when the change over came On Sunday six was so bad and brow or at least I'm cutting it all that it was it was like an out of town station It was like watch trying to watch Toledo on a skip or something. It was crazy. Yeah, not what you said made a lot of And not only you know that with the cable you talk about WGN what about sports channel where they won't get exactly exactly This thing that the cable companies are doing of people is such a rip off and you've been bitching about it for years And I told these people out there I said store is going to nail you man because he was the first one to tell me the GN is going off They're going to wind up with TNT which is an abortion. It's a worse bunch of whole time Oh, it is now, but this goes back a few weeks and a people just sat back and oh well, I guess this is it you know and not enough people protested how to hook and they do that Well, they have a nice door on there for years the salvation down the road just a bit. Maybe a lot Sooner than people think If the years of being kept out of the business the telephone companies talking about getting a cable television That was that's cave. That's the cable industry's greatest fear. That's always been the book you man in there Closet that because the telephone company obviously telephone has every house in America why it are just about and now there's a movement in Congress Because Congress is tied to you know the business that cable the business cables been given to people And and they're about ready it seems to reconsider whether the telephone company can provide cable services and when that happens You know with the technology of you know the bat my bell You'll be able to get 678 you know the digital system limited what the telephone company could do and they're already into your homes And that's the thing that the cable company when once them and I'll probably go is there out of business If they didn't have monopoly situations in every neighborhood cable would probably cost half to a third of what it costs now And they would give you the programs that you wanted because then they'd have to market rather than the program like all these these shop at home stations The reason they're honest because they're getting a piece of the action that's the same reason sunshine cable is honest that is bought Channel because they got a piece of the action of the same reason The real good to everything the religious channels that getting a piece of the act they're getting paid very well to do it Cables collecting three ways they collect from you they collect from the program Can they collect from advertising it's one of the it's just It's like going to the tracking getting you know having them take out a percentage for taxes before you go you know before you can collect And then if you cash you know over 602 bucks then they tax you again a second time You know, and then even in New York at OTV where they hit you a third time then with a five percent sunshine rate Well, it's in this morning's Harold that when store put G on many years ago They raised its rates 50 cents a little search charge on the bill. Yeah, and now that you're getting you know and now that G in is gone Do you think that 50 cents search? I'll call it the public at another 50 cents for the trouble of taking it off You see what happened was Congress deregulated the cable industry and that just let them charge what they want You know all these local audiences that you can charge this much and you have to make basic you know in the big a lot of communities said you have to keep basic services Cheaps of that old people on fixing comes could could be able to get it and they made all these promises You know same as they made all these promises. Oh, I look like this and you know we're going to build studios for the community a community use it as a soap box And as soon as they get in they just said you know screw you and that that's what they've done and now though That's why Congress is ready to reopen the whole thing and if they let the telephone company in all the rules change And Sunday when the change over took place, you know, I got up. I don't know 930 whatever and I'm turn on the TV And I say within 10 minutes after I turn it on the cable went out This is today. This is today that everybody's having a traumatic experience or at least people that are that into it. You know, I'm not but People whose lives I guess are good just geared to that too and the cable goes out. Sunny shining there's not there. We're not even any pigeons I'm not going to get somebody on and luckily see I got rabbit ears in a closet. Oh, I've always said if you got the cable you got to have a good set of rabbit ears because if you don't you're you get nothing Yeah, you got a blank you know you got snow and I stuck to rabbit ears on there and where I am 4 7 and 10 coming just as good with a rabbit ears as they do on a cable if not better. Yeah, so I had no problem But here and it was out for hours. I don't know about those other four suckers in plantation or a copy gave you a refund on a Cross-no, they never give you a dime back on all that outage. That's another there's another thing that they get away with the They're you're in their service and if they if they miss one two days they're you're gonna refund What other company would be allowed to get away with that? All right, but now let's take some time with this other business because and to me it's Ponderous, okay. It's really ponderous But No, well, that's part of the being ponderous But people are reacting with this whole thing in such a juvenile way like where am I gonna find this program? Don't most people nowadays like have even if they don't have remote control. They still have a thing on a TV where they switch around on the channels, right? Yeah, really easy Not too complicated. In fact, most people ever mode control sets. Then you just flip around until you find a show that you want And it's not that hard. I mean, they're only a limited number of channels and there's a very narrow part of the whole band there Where the network channels are where you expect to find whatever you're looking for But people are just going nuts. And I think they've been conditioned to it by all the hoopla by the by the local TV station Well, yeah, I know I've created this. I felt it. I thought it went fairly smoothly. You know, I worked Sunday at the Sunset and we didn't get a lot of calls And I think one of the reasons is that people now because of cable have become accustomed to finding channel 7 on channel 18 and channel 4 on channel 29 Sounds like that guy and that's fun. The guy would a leather jacket. 4 on 6. I'm not 9. Well, you know what, but I mean, you know, they're a lot of a lot of people. They don't carry the stations on the same number that they're on. So people have become somewhat accustomed to just looking around and cable systems are constantly changing the cable services One week, TBS will be on 17 and next week it's on 19 the following week it's on 21 So because of all that, I think people have just gotten accustomed where it's say 20 years ago where the same station was in the same place for all time You know, it was kind of, you know, you grew up and you learn to be party trained and then you learn where the stations were in the dial and when you died, they were still there Well, that's not the case anymore. I think that's helped smooth the transition. All right, now can we explain it's not that complicated. Why all of this happened? I mean, you know, there were a couple of stations that were sold and then Broward and Palm Beach had a house CBS service, which is why 12 chains. Not that complicated. No, it really isn't. What happened was two years ago NBC came in and bought the channel for in Miami, WTVJ at the time that carries CBS programming. Obviously, NBC wanted to put their own programs on their own station. They couldn't do it for two years because Channel 7 had a contract for NBC programming. So in the meantime, CBS had to find a place to go with its programming because obviously NBC was going to take over Channel 4 CBS first went to Channel 7, they wanted to buy the station and the owner of the station said to him, no, we're not going to say it's station. So they pulled them all green. They shot them through the eyeballs. They went and they bought Channel 6. They stripped them. You know, they stripped them. I think they want to shallow your fences part of the deal. Yeah, I was just, yeah, yeah. And so so they went and they bought Channel 6. Now the problem with Channel 6 is that it has a very weak signal in a lot of Broward County or almost all of Broward County. It has a weak signal if you're not on cable and in parts of the day County. So then to so that the people in Broward could get CBS programming, they had to go up to Broward to Palm Beach and cut a deal with Channel 12. Which had been an ABC affiliate because Channel 12 has a fairly good signal into parts of Broward. So they went to them. They gave them some money and other inducements to switch from ABC to CBS. So in that happened, then ABC had to go looking for a place. They found this new station, Channel 25, which is not on the cable, by the way. In light of Broward, so I found out answering the phone, it could be, but it is not. But I think under the circumstances probably will be now. But I think 10 is fairly strong into Broward County. That's never failing to signal. So that's not the calamity that it could be. So it was all this ripple effect. It all started when NBC bought a CBS station. So everybody had to switch around. Fortunately, they all agreed on the same starting day last Sunday. The way things are done in television, you could add a chaotic situation where one day and three months later. Another one went. But at least they handled it. No one has lost anything. They might have lost picture quality, which probably be corrected over time. They'll show people how to get a better picture. If you use the same analogy of what happened with Miami News, what would happen was they would have bought Channel 4 and then convince the other two stations to go out of business and will all share in my profits, which is what the news did. And then there would have been one station in town and you would have had to deal with them and they all would have got rich. In fact, the other two stations would have had to do nothing except just share in the profit. See, they think they guess me. I don't want to keep harping on a cable all the content will really bugs me, which is why I'm going to one of the reasons I'm putting that satellite dish back up and do it right this time. But they give you such inconsistent pictures. And they've got all of these different, that's one of the things. They've got all of these different available. These now store is only got what 38. 43. 43. We got 61 or 60 slots on continental cable. Yeah. 61 slots. And we don't have WGN and never have. Don't have the sports channel and possibly they're filling it with what they fill with. We've got about a half a dozen shop at home channels. And like you say, it's great for them because they get a piece of the action. We've got two country and western states. Not just Nashville. We've also got this country video station, which nobody watches. We got two religious channels. You know, we've got just loaded with crap. Well, what is loaded with crap? And they won't give people the one station that just a tremendous number of people sports channel want because it has the heat. Yeah, it's got hockey game. What are we talking about? There's a deal being done in the background. This America, those kind of things are supposed to happen. Here they are. They create the new type of they created them in Apple. And now they're using it to screw the problem. Well, wouldn't it be isn't it possible that they could make available a whole series of things? Just like they do with the premium channels. And you could pay. In other words, if they claim that it's going to cost a mixture to give a GN or a sports channel, can't they just make that a scrambled channel? And if you want to pay that extra 50 cents a month or whatever it is. But yeah, but they don't want they won't give you a sports channel because they'd like to put sports channel out of business because they own a piece of the action. A lot of cable companies own a piece of the action of the sunshine people know. They're real and said, oh, it's it's scandalous and yet they're getting away with it. That's why Congress is beginning to look back into the cable industry, which is totally derailleur. Now they're ready to go back in and if they let the phone company in, it'll be the greatest thing that ever happened to America. Okay, Americans had a happy four-leven at WI of the time, jikers are guests to want to clock and we'll come back right after this. I'm new start radio six-tams WI O D. But anyway, 10.55 WI. Okay, so now let me give these numbers up because when we come back after the 11 o'clock news, you'll have a couple of hours. And those of you who are confused or have questions, I'm I'm sure that most of our, I could be wrong. But I have a feeling that most of it's going to be about these channels changes. I'd better show you again more calls complaining about. Yeah, just incredible. I don't know what they're thinking about. What's the guy named the new GM over there? Dick Globo, he called me before one-on-year one morning. And we had the, you know, always funny. We had a very nice thing that we liked. Like the show and he said, though we appreciate all the free plugs you've been giving us and it's funny, etc. And so on. And that's great. I said, be sure to say, how to all my good friends over there. Because I like most of the people over there. We're not super group of folks at four. But, and I feel bad for them because I know that most of the public is so revolted by this campaign. Like you say, by the repetition, and just like beating it into the ground, and just purposely turning you off to it, you know? You know, I couldn't say that. But wasn't there a commercial campaign a few years ago that did that? You're kind of like, you know, I can't believe I ate the whole thing. Where the purpose was, you know, in the process of annoying you, they also drum the message in that you do that immediate product. But this doesn't work. Well, everybody knows channel four. So it's NBC, but also like I said, some of us in Broward are watching five just like out of protest because I just can't handle it. I ran into, I ran into a lot with the other night at the Orange Bowl, and you know, I was kidding. Was he whispering? Yeah, I said, Dick, when are you going to give us a break and everything he says, oh well, he says, you know, you say that. But I was at the parade last 90s. And all our people coming down. He says, and we're off, closed, come down. People are going there. You know, be happy. Oh, come on. You know, he says, everyone, we are New Year's Eve party at the Freedom Tower outside of Kalimax. Outside of Kalimax, so they have played the station's theme. Don't worry. Be happy. Yeah, and yesterday they had a weird Scott with a bunch of kids, some children's Quires singing, don't worry. Well, it's got to go anywhere for $3. Absolutely. Okay, here are those numbers now, and they're filling up already in date count. You 751. Right? Am I right? Try to control yourself. 751, Wiod and date. 751, 9463, Broward, 524, Wiod. And we might even get some calls from Palm Beach, which would be no. No, we should, because he's with a self-sum, and that market is a lot of Sentinel, is just obsessed with Palm Beach. Well, yeah, we're competing after we want to get, we want to be into Palm Beach. Well, I wish you guys a whole more date count of your oriented and give the Harold now a run for their money. I would like to see that happen, too, but I think that they're doing very well where they are. And I think they really want to establish a beach head there. And I think the battleground now, the main battleground is in Palm Beach. And so if anyone up there, but like maybe in the radio TV listings, maybe a few more date and Broward mentions, you know, they're obsessed with Palm Beach County Radio and other things. Obsessed. In fact, that when I showed you that head that unfortunate John Broward listening, all of the stations, except TMI, were in Palm Beach. Stations that you can't even pick up under their tower. Palm Beach, you're going to go up there. One of the things I found just in two days is that they're really amenable to suggestions like they've asked me and what do you think we could do with this. How could we help that? I'm really so happy to be there. I mean, it's just, it's like dying and going to have a thing. That's how I don't want to drag you here. Yeah, you know, to come out of that tragic situation I was in and to go somewhere where people just welcome you with open arms and make you feel, you know, what can we do to make you happy? It's terrific. Well, what I want is you need them and they need you to desperately appear. So I worked out. Okay, and at Palm Beach number, and this is the only line it's not lit. I think is, why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Palm, you'll get used to the palm. That's terrific. 655. Oh, you've got to be joking me. What the hell is that? Oh, come on. Have you noticed this has never stopped? You can bring in his mail and constantly through the entire show. For the last hour, she's been bringing more in through. And anyway, that Palm Beach number is 655. WioD, 655.9463. Our guest is Tom Jicka, the TV and radio editor, the Sun Sentinel and Fort Latterdale. Formerly, of course, with the now-defunct dead, Miami News. Now you worked real harsh on the news. That thought you were very kind to them. Wow, yeah. There's two news. There's the people who were there who were all victimized. Even how? Who was a victim? I mean, but I can't believe that after you used to be on my show, you'd go back. And I see they say, oh, yeah. They have this image of being so progressive and liberal and into their credit, I never forget. They never stopped me from coming. Very grateful to them. They wrote that great editorial. It might be hand to remember years ago when the Catholic Church is trying to get me off the year. And I appreciate that. I don't want to, you know, any of those people think I've forgotten. But, and it's definitely as they treated us at the end. While the paper was open, I mean, we were very well paid. The most liberal vacation policies I've seen. They did things that people would be out of work. There was one woman there who was dying of cancer. They knew what she hadn't been there very long. Like six months before she was diagnosed. They paid for like a year and a half. No, like we said, they're wonderful. Yeah, yeah. Henry Barrow, standing by with the 11 o'clock W.I.O.D. News. And we'll come back with your calls and time. Jick at 11.05. On New York Radio 610 W.I.O.D. 11.05. And W.I.O.D. Now, what I like about these callers is that, like, we had them all lit up before the break before the news. And like, three of them disappeared already. But, you know, they got full rich lives in this town. Okay, we have an open line in, uh, Broward, five, two, four W.I.O.D. and one in Boka, two, seven, eight W.I.D. Our guest is Tom Jickah, the TV radio editor for the four-lettered Ilson. Send, like, keep wanting to say that. I mean, they can't say that is right. So I can't say the news without, oh, yeah. Making a mistake, because I am wanting to say that. Anything I write that piece in both editions. What is that four-lettered Il news? I don't want to get you in trouble already. But I'm not a bizarre paper. The news is that you have to do, uh, do I know that? But I mean, it's like the sunset and all the different front pages, isn't it? Yeah, it was waiting news and updates. And I don't want to go really quiet and limp, because I've only been there two days. Right. I still feel like we're going to win. I don't want to get any trouble. Now, my understanding is that that's like the afternoon part of the, that they publish the sunset and the morning and the news and the afternoon. But I think most of the columns and things are in both. Okay, let's keep going here. Miami, hello. Tom, yes. What was the story with our steak and is that kind of hallucinogens or what? What do you mean? I actually wanted a nice guy who never met. He promised a story to a friend of mine at the Notre Dame Game, like months ago, never did. I'm going to promise the story to him. Well, they talked about something and he never came through. He promised he kept calling and saying, you know, we'll do the story. You know, the people are going after the 31st and every day. Well, a lot of people thought that was going to happen and maybe arch was one of them. Arch is a very sincere guy and one of the things that he did was he would write columns about people that other people would just ignore. Dear field, hello. Yeah, hello. Yeah. I've been to have a lot of people coming in out of here. Can't talk. Can I just give you my question? You guys can tell me whether I'm, uh, can hit or, uh, this is outrageous. Leadership, cable vision, Del Rey. I can barely hear you. I saw a leadership cable vision in Del Rey. I no longer get 46 or seven. Can I just hang up and let you guys tell me if I'm a 10 hit or, uh, whether that's outrageous? Well, I don't know why you wouldn't get 46 or seven. What I would do is call one of my neighbors and see if they're not getting it. How could you not get 46 or seven in Del Rey? No, where would, well, let's see. You could get, I suppose, you could get 12 years on 12 and you could get ABC on 25 and you could get NBC on five. Five. So I get impossible. It's possible. I wouldn't think it's, it's the first I've heard of this. I wouldn't say there are so many cables. That's another thing I've learned just a few days. I've been for a lot of data. There's certainly a lot more cable systems up there in that area than there are in date. It was only really about five or six. Look at these phones boy. This is incredible. I guess everybody, uh, is burnout on that or has got all the answers on a two lines open in the date. 751-9463. Evidently. I don't know what it is. And an open line in Broward, five, two, four, WIOD. Don't worry about it. Time. Don't get it. Well, not. More water than you, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I don't know. It was just me. But I started watching, uh, I've been up on Orlando for the weekend. I just started watching last night. The Arsenio Hall show. It seems like every commercial on Channel 7 was public service. Don't they have any sponsors? Did they all leave them? I mean, it was all. You stole on my thunder. I took notes on that show last night. And that's one of the things I wrote down. They did that all they had were PSAs and those eight, what they call those by response only, uh, Yeah, pouring, pouring, pouring, pouring, pouring, pouring, yeah, the 800 foot. But it isn't at that time of year. Isn't that time of year right after Christmas, something this happened every year? Well, yeah, but it was a new program. You would think they'd be able to get at least one head. I mean, not one head. No, everything we had, PSAs. No. Like I say, you, you noticed my scory. You might have a future as a TV writer because I noticed the same thing. And that was one of the things I'm going to write about when I write about the show. And of course, we all wanted to get that need of a scory album. Yeah, who is, yeah, that was my favorite dude. Nina McGurrey. I think, I think, her, and here she is thinking, cut through with her. Yeah, I love me, I'm happy. Relives, royal romances to something. Who is Nina McGurrey? I mean, that's what it's like. That's what it's like. When you've got advertising, you know, 800 numbers for a best hits of Nina McGurrey album. And that's what the only is. That's what the only is. No, there was another best hits when I wrote it down. It was one of those 800 numbers where you called in. You know, maybe something you'll watch a call with something. Yeah, what it was. Maybe so. But you know, you were talking about, uh, for doing all their promos. I swear to God, I got so sick of the promo for the news on Channel 7. Yeah, every other commercial. Was there promo for? Well, I'm going to keep our commitment to knows, just because we're losing NBC. But it was not going to be not in the same league with a funny thing. Yeah, not even in New England. You know, you know, you're not even in New England. Is that what they, what basically their whole gig is now? Channel 7 is going to be the new station. Well, it is for the time being. And there are a few reasons for that. One is somewhat noble that they'd like to do that. And I think eventually. Yeah, eventually established themselves is some sort of a cable, new supplier or something. And the other, for maybe for the state of Florida or something, the other is that they just really didn't have time to buy programming. I look at the programs they have around the news. You know what they say? They didn't have time. I mean, this is not something you get that. No, no, no, they didn't. They didn't realize they were not going to be CBS until this fall. I mean, the honor of the station was very sincere. He told his people, don't worry. We'll be the CBS of the film one. He told his people. Uh-huh. Don't worry. Be happy. We'll be the CBS of Philly. He really believed that. And he was taken by surprise when this sale was finally announced. I guess it was in August. And they just really didn't have time. They didn't buy the programming. They should have been out making contingency plans. And they weren't. That's why you're getting things like the streets of San Francisco. Uh, I think is the year within the next year. There's just no way. It would defy all television tradition for a station to be able to pay for the kind of news operation they're doing on an independent station. Especially in a market where the other station, you have aggressive news outlets. It isn't like, you know, they're just going to outfine everyone else and have the best news in town. They had problems positioning their news when they had NBC's lead in. And without NBC's lead, and you got to have to wonder how they're going to do it. It's great that they're trying to do it, but it'll be amazing if they can make it work. Okay, we got a mobile and a broad hello. Hello? Yes. I hate the jingle. And now I'm going out and I'm going to buy a satellite to it. So I don't have to hear the jingle anymore. Make sure you can put it up in your neighborhood. Like I said, one of the things that's going to be a priority when I start looking for a home and Brow it is that it's a neighborhood where I can put my dish up. Wow, they already in Pomp and I was already halfway. You have to have a building permit and everything. And they wanted us to put it up in the middle of our deck outback. Well, yeah, those stuff you got to, you can have a lot of problems with those things if you don't check first. Yeah, but one to thin, what are they going to do? Well, I'll make you take it down. Don't say that. Don't go ahead and put it down without the permit. Trust me, because I already went through that. And the people that installed it assured me, oh, there's no problem. And we'll take care of everything and there'll be no problem at all. And within one day, I had a notice from the city of plantation. And I have taken it down and I'm going to get somebody else to do it right and go through all of it. You know, get the permit and put it up where I belong. But believe me, don't go through the expense of buying a dish and putting it in without the permit. Because they'll make you take it down in no time. Yeah, they're just making this another example of people in that night. I'm going to go through this for you. Well, that's where I'm going to happen. There are a lot of places. Anyway, I hate the jingles. I'm watching Channel 5. The heck with Channel 4. And have a nice day and hello, Neil. Hello, goodbye. Bye. 1113 at WIOD and open line at Broward 524 9463. North Miami Beach, Chilo. Okay, good call. You know, that voice history. You know who I got a letter from the other day? The people that I shouldn't feel like that. We got a letter from the other day. He's in the Israeli army and he wanted to know what's going on. He's in Israeli intelligence. You might want to get some money down here. You know, what does that he said in letter with? Be sure, don't mention this on a year. No. But you just didn't. No, no, I just couldn't mention what he was doing. He's unitting things like that. But the fact that he's in the army and that he's there. He's in the other picture. Yeah. Of them, watching through the desert. Something like that. Something like that. Well, I should have picked your crank calls to the Israeli era of the P.L.L. Del Rey. Hello. Yes, good morning. That guy at Crawfendore Beach is right. They did take off 46 and 7 and they gave us instead to great channels in a stale to channel and the discovery channel. Wow. Well, I'd be on the phone and I'd have my neighbors on the phone. My husband, the day he found out. Absolutely. I've never seen him so in sense once for the roof. I guess it was a general manager of leadership who wouldn't budge and said we could get the news on five. The Palm Beach stations for news don't really cover Palm Beach and we like to have a variety. And we were also informed as of the middle of the year. We're going to have to have a box to get HBO, which we don't have now. We get it because our TV is cable ready. But we're going to have to get the good old box back, which they've assured us is improved and pay for a box in order to get HBO. Oh, there's no limit to the way that they just really give it to people. And that's why you have to really rude hard that it's going to come home to roost. When the phone company gets involved in cable. Well, that's encouraging. I heard you talk about it earlier. I'll tell you why. This is going to be one of the key legislative battles. Probably of this session of Congress. And the cable company is willing to spend every penny they have to keep an out of it. So, you know, if you have ever contacted with your gift congressmen or your senator or you want to contact your congressmen and senator, you might remind them that you'd like to see this happen because of the the bad, the bad, shoddy treatment you've gotten from your cable company. Well, it's the set of good. I do also want to make a comment about the Sun Sentinel as far as Palm Beach coverage goes. I love it because as far as Palm Beach post is concerned, I support they are the worst at covering their own home county. And the one that I read because we're in a business that's related to Palm Beach County. I always take, I subscribe to the Sentinel now. I always read the Sentinel. So, I know Neil doesn't like it. I love his show, by the way. But I'm thrilled because it's terrific paper and I'm glad you're there. Well, I'm glad to be there. That's a lot. Okay, thanks a lot. There was a list that got a better sports section. Oh, they got two, I have to call it by far. There are other things that I have problems with, but we'll say those for another day. 11 15 and Wilding, opening in Boka, 278 Wilding, another mobile in date. Hello. Hi, it's sunny. Hey, sunny, how you doing? Hi. Fine. I can't talk about that myself, but I call as a disjourner. By the way, thank you, Tom, but I've accurate description earlier, or guest of yours. About disjourner quickly. I'm excited to emphasize with Neil everybody. Very good advice. Never a lot of times, even by disjourner at the sleep market. Never have them come out with their contracted laborers and put it up and everything's fine and leave. You're absolutely right. But I want to say you mentioned in session list relationships between cable companies and the releases and shopping channels. The same thing applies to them. Forget one of the reasons I had such a difficult time putting my dish in. I had a plan and you know, 600 pounds of cement every time. Three different places that have been to a subscribed to zoning ordinances. One of the reasons you have such a tough time and I finally beat them. I actually had to redesign my screen enclosure to accommodate the dish around the pool. What is the fact that he's sitting, remember? Also get to pieces that cable franchise. Well, that's true. And they don't owe you a play. Oh, yeah. You play a dish isn't putting them out of this. Absolutely. I really thought of it. You're right. I don't think it's a great true. Yeah. All right. Why the way, sunny, do you see the piece I had in today? Yeah. Pretty free sketchy. Well, when neither of the parties are talking to you, it's pretty tough to get anything more than that. Well, I could say, you're a guest or whatever you want to call it. Just finding was right on. Listen, sunny, I'd be in the office later. Give me a call because I have no way of contacting you when I need a contact. And you know, if you could just help me out on that later today. Absolutely. By the way, the assaults come into town this weekend. Great. All right. Okay. That's a luck, sunny. Okay. 11 17 and W. I would say we have an open line in days. 7 5 1 9 4 6 3. We'll come back with Tom Jick in your calls in a second. Right now, I want to tell you about a sensation. 20 after 11 at W. I would eat Tom Jick is here. And we're answering your questions about radio and TV and cable and insistuous relationship. Sunny Vance. Tamara. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. Hey, bird. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? Hey. Hey. I got a question about this cable. I got some kind of an cable and it's thanks first of all. Amen. Amen. I got a problem. My, my picture coming in from there. I got to run everything through my VCR. I want to get a decent picture. So I'm getting set up with it. And I called up table yesterday trying to get something to come out to fix my cable. I get the lady on the phone after waiting about 10 minutes on the whole there. And they, they set me up for an appointment between the hours of 8 a.m. And 9 p.m. I have to wait 13 hours around my house for some minutes. I'm better to show up. It fixed my cable. And if 5 to 9, you'll get a call saying we couldn't make it today. We'll be there tomorrow. Same time. Exactly. Exactly. And I get such an attitude over there. I question, is that the best that you can do? And they say, I'm sorry sir. That is the best we can do. And they can with this big attitude. And they, they got them monopoly over there. And they know it. And they just, or like you said, they're screwing the public. Every chance they get. You bet. They all are. They're all the same. And I'm going to arrive top to manage. I was over in Tampa when I lived over there. I talked to cable people. They got an attitude over there. And I'm just so fed up with it. I had a choice. I do something different. But I don't have a choice. And I like sports. I have no other choice to watch anything. The regular team is not that much better. So I got to what they count on. Yeah. Okay. Good luck. I think I got my tape. It's fantastic. And people for good work. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. So number three. I think. What is going to happen now? For the last three, four years. I keep reading. Every once in a while. And I'm going to come across an article about these small satellite dishes. Very, very small. Yeah. It'll be easy. Yes. I want to run on the roof. And they'll get a couple of times. They'll be expensive. They're. Yes. Direct. Yes. They only get a couple of channels. They. Yeah. Because obviously in the size. I mean, if you could get all the channels on something that's small, you wouldn't have dishes and people's yards now. You could almost aim it. But that would only pick up like three or four servers. That would be useful for like if you just wanted to get say HBO, CNN, ESPN and something else. And so they would mark it and they would direct beam. But they've never figured out a way to do that economically and to make it attractive enough. To do it and to make it work. They'd have to give into millions of homes. And they haven't figured out a way to do that yet. Three to two bankers. People have never had a satellite or never been in somebody's home or in a bar or someplace where they have a satellite dish. Yeah. Don't understand. Well, that's the key. The key is the whole thing in two areas. Not only in content of programming and choice, but in the quality of the picture. But I mean, the quality you've got to understand that your cable company is picking up whatever you've got on your system with a satellite. Yeah, all you want is you're getting it second hand. Going through all of their equipment and through all the lines and underground and underwater and all of this other. And by the time it gets to you, there is a tremendous law in picture quality. And what I used to love to do when I had a satellite dish because I still had the cable for basic, for local channels is I put on, Oh, I don't know, ESPN, for example. Yeah. And I'd want you to direct off the satellite. And then I would flip to ESPN on a cable and the difference is so dramatic. Want to say how dramatic it is. Like I have three sets hooked up in my house. And the second and third set you can notice the difference. Then the one closest to the satellites, you just consider the loss after you're going over hundreds of miles and either in the air underground. Yeah, that's essentially a satellite owner is nothing more than his own cable company. And he gets to choose what it is he watches. That's what it amounts to. And now did somebody really say you can buy a satellite dish at the flea market? I heard him say that, but did. And I said things. I'm lucky you got a big pickup truck. Okay, mobile and Broward. Hello. Mobile is gone. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Neil? Yes, sir. I know I want to call about your good job. And everything, listen to the, I guess you have the airfines, the new Sun Sentinel. I don't know if he knows or not. But years ago, the Sun Sentinel was a paper based in Pompano. Yeah. And they merged together with a news report Lardale. So that's where the name comes about news sunset on their two separate papers. Yeah, but one is published in the afternoon and one is published in the morning as I understand it. Yeah. I hope I'm not wrong on that. Yeah. Are you right? There were two different companies. That's why they used the two different names for the identity. Yeah. Number two, graduate made the switch and the Sengia all the time and the native of Ohio. So we have things in comment from the Midwest. I'm new York. Are you from New York? Are you from New York? You can't tell. Oh, now I can tell. Okay. Anyway, thanks for the good job and, you know, say, I'm glad to see the Sun Sentinel's still good with sports. That's what the Midwest were used to good sports papers and the rest of the papers. I'm a little probably the world's worst first. Wall Street Journal has a better sports after they and the hell. They give you scores of games two days ago. Yeah. Thanks an awful lot. Okay. Thanks for calling. And now you talk about this and other situation with the monopoly is just going to make things worse. The Harold makes no effort at all. I would like the guy says to get late scores in the paper. I mean, you see games that end at 10 30 and they only raise. Yeah. Four races from the dog truck. They don't care because what the hell they got at all. Yeah. And that's what happens in the final year. Finally, it took them 12 years of pomp and oh, and first came here. Alan Finkelson took 12 years for them to get the entries in. They used to have it in the street addition, which nobody read. Yeah. But now finally, you'll see the entries. Nothing else. You know, my paper. Huh? Not in my paper. Well, maybe just certain edition. Maybe in the row. But it's astonishing. And then, of course, the difference. All you got to do if you're a racing fan for both the flats or harness racing. Look at the Sun Sentinel sports section. And they've got complete charts on all the pomp and races. Every race in all eight of the other team races and a handle and the holding. And a handle, you're lucky if you get the first 10 races. You know, because they feel like it would ever feel like going to any given day. Oh, well, probably they got some heavy dates on it. Well, you know, one of the things that I'm happiest about is that I'm going to be at the Sun Sentinel. The day that it passes, the harrel is the dominant paper and Florida. And boy, that's going to be out. I'll buy the champagne. Well, it's interesting. Because their circulation is going up. And the harrel, of course, we all know has been dropping dramatically. Yeah. Well, because they're trying to serve an audience that's not interested in them and they're not serving the audience. That might be interested in them. Yeah. Well, I'll be there when we're going to have paper in English. Maybe somebody right read it. Boynt and V, Chilo. Yeah. Hey, John. Tom, I got a quick question. He's going to run to work. I'll just listen to the answer in the read here. What do you think the outcome of the 10 or six attempt to tonight have their KTX, that high school faced on the air that renews anyone in preventance from coming on and over staying on, I guess. And you think they'll be successful. And I think probably there'll be some kind of an accommodation where six are making possible for them to do what they want to do without interfering with six is signal. It's a public relations nightmare for CBS. But you don't know a way to do it. No, I really don't. I'm not up to see. I've only ventured into Broward County now three days. And I'm really catching up on that kind of thing. That was something I didn't get into that much when I was in date. Yeah. Because it's that. I don't have a lot of stuff in there about it. You've got there. So they've been covering it really well. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. The signal is the WKPX radio signal. Well, actually, I guess. But they are. You know, you know, they're picking up viewers almost by the home because they've got such big problems. They're considering 13%. And it's got to be a close to double that. Oh, yeah. Maybe they can't get into. And I think you'll see when the ratings come out. First of all, there's no there's no more three station race for news. It's now it's between four and 10. And and seven six will be fighting to hold off seven to third place. But let me ask you something about seven. I was saying the other day that I think maybe in the long run they're going to make more money. They got the potential to make more money as an independent that there was an network affiliate. Well, yeah, because especially as they can sell everything, and especially as the network share erodes. Remember the network share goes down every year. It's down to about 60% now. And that's going to keep happening. I mean, they got as many evils as they want. Yeah. Well, they've got to get better programming. And I think. What I understand to be that game plan is to be they've even thought about becoming a superstation. And what they got to do then is get a lot of sports now. The sports is tied up again because they weren't ready to go in and be what they are now. But if we got a baseball team and we're talking down the road. I admit, but if they got a baseball team and at 160 baseball games. And when the heat contract came up for renewal again, they signed that up. That would be the making of the start of it. It's not a national superstation. Maybe a Southeast superstation. Yeah. Well, I got salio over there. So that's a good sign. Yeah. Okay. It's 11.9 and WIWD. We have an opening in Palm Beach 655 9463 Miami. Hello. Hi. Neil, how are you? Good. First a fast question. I wonder how some it is that always hear news about the US military blasting airplanes out of the air. Followed immediately by attest to the emergency broadcasting system. Is that coincidence? Are you doing that on purpose to scare the hell out of me? Perenoia sir. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. It's working. One of the things I enjoy about that emergency broadcast system a couple of years ago. I thought I'd do a piece on it. I called around to radio station general manager. They don't have this lightest idea. What that all means or what would really happen other than they put that thing on every now and then because the government tells them to. But I think if there was ever a real warning, they'd be so nervous. They'd forget to put it on. They'd all be jumping under their desks and running for the main drum. Well, do you remember when that did happen? They sent over the real warning that Saturday morning. I was on the air when it happened. Years ago, like 1971, do you remember that or not? No, I really don't. They got the wrong tape and some wild geese. They sent over and said there has been a nuclear attack and you are to sign off the air. And many stations across the country did indeed. It was in the old days used to send it the same time every week, Saturday morning. Sounds like something you'll see on the inside story. That news news. Yeah. Probably. I really had seriously had a question about this. Just a comment. A couple of questions. I'm a recent refugee from the Washington DC area. And about, I guess about two years ago, they finally decided that the citizens were up there. Were worthy of having cable TV. And the telephone company was in on the bidding process. And I thought it very interesting. This should come up because it's so true what you say about the monopolies and the cable companies. Well, the phone company, maybe only one of them can break down monopoly right now. It's too expensive for anyone to come in and over wire existing company. But the phone company is already there. Well, I do know that the companies that were the cable companies, the classic cable companies, were freaked out. Because the telephone could offer service at a naturally low rate. They are officially lowered their rates. Made a bunch of unrealistic, performance promises. And relative to rate of hookup after one year, I believe there were 16 residences in the District of Columbia that had cable after 12 months. Well, New York, there are still parts in New York that don't have it. And I've been lost and annuals has been late and yet, Nitshikago has been late and get all the big cities because all the politicians had to be taken care of. Yeah. Well, I have two questions. Let's go first. Are there any local lobbying organizations that you're aware of to which a cable company is? No. No. No. Now, only the cable county commission, the county cable commissioner, and their powerless, I've never known them to do anything worthwhile. The money talks. Well, I don't think that's the situation. I just think that the hamstrung by lack of their own funds and by legislation that pretty much gives the cable companies caught blanche. Okay. Last question, I'll let you go. How do you properly handle requests for refund for what I'll call service interrupt us? You want to know? Yeah. Think you do in the event of nuclear attack. Yeah, exactly. Good to go. Get between the legs and get it right by. You got it. Okay. It's 1132 at WIOD. Timejick is here. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463 and one in Daytona, 751 WIOD. And I want to tell you about New Jersey. But Neil Rogers, I'm New Start Radio 610, WIOD. 1136 at WIOD, our guest to one is Tom Jick of the TV and radio writer for the forlaterday old news. And Sun Sentinel and we'll go to Miami next to Lowe. Morning. How are you doing today? Great. I got a couple comments about two months ago in the Harold there was an article that asked people to write to their local cable companies and to request a sports channel. Which I did. I don't think I'll do any good. But I have storage and kettle. And I absolutely will do no good. It's out right now by the way. Yeah. And I'll probably just implement whether, you know. Yeah, probably. Another comment I had is Channel 6. I think has always had Bush League news. And now that they've become a CBS affiliate, it's really looks pushy. Well, Dave had what you would call Bush League because they just haven't had the facilities, the money, the equipment, the manpower. You'll see that change gradually. I'm not going to say how good it's going to be because you don't know who they're going to bring in yet. But they'll upgrade their staff by 4.5.6 times. And you'll see a change. Do you think there's any chance that Channel 7 can keep the type of news that they have with? I can't see how it can happen. I just can't see it. News is very expensive to do. And where are they going to get the advertising support for it when the numbers are going to be poor? Like I say, if there was a lot of bad news operations in town, that would be the case. But seven had its hands forward. Four in ten under the best of circumstances. Now it's going to have to deal with four in ten under the worst of circumstances. And it's going to have vastly improved Channel 6. And I hate the promo from Channel 4 and I don't want you anymore. Yeah, I just because there's going to be really something if we have anybody calling who says they like it. You know, that'll be a miracle. I like the song. But the promo is kind of... I would draw the line at this Sunday after this Sunday it'll have been entirely a week. Everyone will have found every one of their programs and want to make it happen. Yeah. Oh, no, it'll keep going. Who you bent? But if they do it past this Sunday, anything near the repetition they're doing it now, I would be ready to take some drastic action too. Okay. Okay, thank you. 1138 at WIOD. Hello. Tom, I wanted to comment on your cable question. I spent many years in engineering and management in the cable industry. And I agree wholeheartedly that they're arrogant and could use the competition. But I'm afraid the telephone company really isn't in that great of a position to be a competition. Because even though it's true, as you say, that they have every house wired for telephone service, the technology just doesn't exist today to use that for broadband cable service. How long do you figure with their resources that would take my belt to be able to do that? Well, quite a while actually after I got out of the cable industry in the late 70s, because I couldn't take it anymore. I could take the abuse. But since that time I worked in the telecommunications industry and the technology is approaching, but it's going to be another 10 years. Well, I think it would happen a lot quicker than that if they got to go ahead from the government. And the hysterical way that the cable industry has reacted to just the specter of the phone company getting into would suggest that it's not that follow-up either. Well, there's going to be that word. They're investment, even if the products were available today is to be typically high to convert equipment they would have to do. But the advantage of the telephone companies have is that they're in a much better position to do an overbeil because they own in a lot of cases of facilities. They own the underground. And the telephone poles. And the telephone poles. And that's where their big advantage. They were going to today. They would build the same type of cable system. Well, my understanding is that these new fiber optics that they're using make it possible to just transmit so many signals on the wires that are already plugged into your phone that they could get in fairly quickly. It's true that fiber optics has a capability, but you don't have fiber optics coming. They would have to rewire every home in America with fiber optics. Yeah. So, you can also be equipment that they have in their offices, which runs into a company I was working for, replaced central office equipment for a very small exchange here in Boca, that ran like 2.5 million. And that was even. That's one generation away from video. Yeah. Well, yeah, but my bell does have the resources to do it more than anyone else. I agree, but you'll find in some of the big cities that Houston they've done overbills. And now have two cable companies. That's not going to happen here in day. On day, Broward, Pyramid. It's just terribly unlikely. And it would take years. Yeah. Well, it would take years for the phone company though, too. Okay, appreciate hearing from you. I'm 41 at WIOD Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to ask Tom, whatever happened at John Barlus, so he just just got used to going to a reading him. Yeah. John left the paper about a year ago, and last I heard was planning to spend a lot of his time in London. Doing a lot, I don't know, but that was the plan. It's a matter of fact, his US residence is not very far from where I'm sitting right now. It's about a mile from here. It's right near the side of the church. That's right. I passed it every day. I don't know that he's there. We've had a couple of model spottings in the last year. Yeah. Yeah. I think I've seen him in the reps or once a couple of times. Yeah. He's wanted to record stars that he goes to all the time. Oh, well. I haven't been standing. He's been wanting to spend a lot of time in London. He dresses, though, rather, absolutely. Yeah. Ballies, slippers, and machine gun bullets. It's really a strange get-up. You ever come up with that? No. He makes his own fashion. Well, when you work at the news, you know, I'll get to the end of the world. I'll tell you, buddy, it's funny news, story about that. Mott, Mott, I'll use to dress. That was pretty much his outfit. We have black ballet slippers and tight black pants. And it only a vest that opens stomach and chest. And he had this bandalero around him as a belt. Sure. And one day, the cocks executives were down for one of their infrequent visits. And they were in with Dave Craslow. And it was time for them to go back to Atlanta. And Craslow, because he lives out towards that way. And he's walking out and who else is in. But Mott, how do you know? But Mott, how do you know? He's coming down the hallway with these stuff shirts from Atlanta. And Mott, I'm being the guy, he is a... Hey, Dave, what's happening? And the cocks executives point, you know, look at him and they look at each other and they say the Dave who will. And they'll tell you that. And as legend has a Dave spent the entire trip to the airport explaining John Mott, and what he did at the Miami News. Wow, he's a wonderful person. Oh, he was. Yeah, I missed him too. Yeah. Okay, 17-tono, and WIOD. We got a mobile in-date. Hello, Neil. How are you doing this morning? Good. Great show. Did anybody catch the blueprint in Miami here all this morning? No. On the cocks section, they had about a five-inch by six-inch contest application. Oh, you mean the one I mentioned at the top of the show? Oh, I did catch the video. Yeah, with contest. It's good. Already take all of that. Oh, yeah. Okay. Great show. Thank you. Yeah, we don't want to rip the hero because Tom will go back and... Bye, bye, bye, bye. I don't know how to say it. Yeah, I'm going to have a good time. I'm going to do finally on a news tape that's going to pass the Miami hero. And it's going to be the greatest day of my life. One of the greatest days of my life. I was out of colder one day. This is not this past summer, but maybe it was. Or the previous summer. And it was not had to be the previous one. There was after we had done that thing about cancel the hero, you know? Oh, yeah. And I met somebody who worked over there, and I can't say who it was, but he said that the number was 23,000 cancellations that they had as a daughter. Oh, yeah. Around the building, they just denied it. Yeah. I tried to find out. No, no, no, I got to hand-follow and we'll get them all back by the end of the week. But I heard this. Which is why people were getting personal letters from Dick K. And please reconsider and we love you. Yeah, I would have to have you. You know, we at the hero love you. Yeah, I had a video with a guy one night in the circulation department, who said that they would be side themselves. I had heard the numbers that high. 23,000. I heard it was way up there though. Excellent. If it's not too late to cancel the hero for us, I still want to. Okay, let's go to West Boca. Hello. Hi. No, West Boca cable. Whatever on a broad line. Where are you calling? Oh, yeah. Hi. I'm calling on from Brower, but I live in Boca. Okay. Well, nothing's perfect. Yeah, that's true. But I do have some complaints about West Boca cable vision anyway. And I don't know if Tom knows about this or not. But I've heard your complaints that the cable goes out for maybe two hours, three hours, sometimes overnight. You know, after working on a major area, I can understand that. But what really irritates me is that why can't you be a murder mystery or something that goes out for five minutes towards the end? Yeah. Where it goes off for ten minutes. Well, I guarantee you, as sure as I'm sitting here, that on Super Bowl Sunday, at least one cable system in this area will go out. I mean, I think I was thinking about the poor people who wanted to watch the AFC game on Saturday, or Sunday, whatever day it was. And a damn thing goes out there for hours. I understand, I understand actually for hours if there's a major repair that's needed. But, you know, these little three minutes jobs ten minutes, twenty minutes. I don't understand why such a, you know, what's happening there is that it flew in the area? I don't know really in the technology. But I'll tell you one thing is no excuse for it happening. You know, if FPNL, I think has these commercials where something goes out where right there to get it there. Right. You know, in the cable companies are making enough money that they could afford to do that too. They just don't want to pay the help for the weekends that require that, you know, make it possible that if there wasn't out of it, it would be very brief. It's a hell of a monopoly they have. You know, they got a skeleton in the ass. Circular as far as switching the station where you could find what. All the TV books had CNN that would stay set it with remain on channel 16. It got switched to 27. Yeah. But, you know, I got switched to 7. Channel 7 is now 27. But, you know, so, you know, that's just typical of it. I did have some questions for you about some sentinel. And, thanks for the help of me. I have another question. The coverage of the Sun Sentinel in Palm Beach is pretty poor. And, but it's better, but it's light years better than my and the hero is trying to make in roads. Yeah. But, my question is that when you have it at Cutoff, arbitrarily at Boka for the Palm Beach edition. Now thousands of people who live in Boka also work in Broward County. And it seems to me the natural Cutoff point would be wet palm because wet palm and north of that. Well, I'm really not qualified to answer this because I've only been at the paper a few days. But, my understanding is that they compete heavily in all of Palm Beach County. And they try and serve all of Palm Beach County. That's my understanding. But again, I've only been there three days and I'm really not qualified to answer this. I'm just wondering why they put off the Broward edition. I just can't answer that question. I don't know. All right. As far as the, you heard about Channel 25 in Palm Beach County. Well, I heard about, yeah. I mean, I wrote about it. I could suck millions of bucks into it. I've got on a half hour late because the technician overslapped. Really? There was those engineers, man. They were supposed to get on it. They caught on Sunday morning. They didn't get on to late 30 because of guy overslapped. Okay. Well, I heard they sunk millions of bucks into it. And they have supposedly stayed at the arm. But I don't know if that's just the buzz word for a new station or people used to say modern. Now they say state of the art. Yeah. They got Broward from up there and I think they'll do a pretty good job. Yeah. They had a piece in the paper yesterday about words that should be thrown out of the language. They've been knocked on earth. State of the art is right up there. That's the most overused word. Yeah, it just means new, right? Yeah. Okay. And finally, on the Channel 7, you know, the tall news now. It went to, it seems to me it's gone to it. Oh, it's not all news. It's a lot of news. Oh, it's, yeah, it's still a news, too. It's gone strictly at Tabway style. Only at that seven o'clock. Well, that works. Channel 10 has been the number one station in town doing that. Yeah, well, it's not. You've tried on Channel 10 at any given night. Ray Broward R. murder has gone to dominate the year. But I, I wonder if, if it's going to over saturate because you got entertainment tonight with the inside story now. You got Channel 7 that's pseudo-sindicated. Well, wait on next week. You're going to have a current affair. It's seven o'clock. You're going to have inside story. It's seven o'clock. And there's a new program called Inside Edition or something like that. And you know, there's the USA today one, too, which is very similar to entertainment. There's going to be three of them on there between seven and eight o'clock. Okay. All right. And I can't overdo that's what the public is sucking on right now. I don't know what they want. No, no, no, no, no, no. Please, that's it. Well, I hope Tom gets a chance to perhaps get a column of questioning answers from local stations. Well, as a matter of fact, we're going to institute that was one of the things we discussed. And we are going to institute a question and answer column every week in every week in the TV book. If you want to send the first question, do it. That's great. The only, the only one I know of in the area is Bob. I forgot his last name. Bob Michaels, we're going to do the same thing. Anyone out there was any questions about television or radio, not where they can get in touch with the star. That's great because I said, yeah, because that's you know, I've syndicated stuff is just fill our own crap. But no, no, we're going to do that. Great. Great to hear it. Okay. Thanks for thought. You bet. It's 11 till noon at WIOD. Our guest is Tom Jika of the Four Latterdale News on Sentinel. And we'll come back with your questions in a second. As an opening in Broward, if you move quickly, is they say five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five. So we've got twice the traffic twice the airborne coverage in Data Broward and twice the qualified traffic staff to bring you to work at home twice it's fast. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Talk Radio 610 WIOD. 1153 at WIOD. We got a WGN story in Broward here. Hello. I didn't. Good. We thought about four or five years ago to get WGN, reinstated. We had it on Hollywood table, 1983, and they took it off. We had a petition signed. Actually, store cable sent it out. We got WGN reinstated at that time for a 55 cent a month increase in our premium. That about two weeks ago, we just found out that they were taking WGN off the cable. Yeah. I was in my mother's yesterday and she has. She has Hollywood cable. And by the way, her picture is horrendous. And no matter how many times she gets them out there, it just never gets any better. And she showed me or I found it on the coffee table. There was a little blue slip. And it was just, you know, like you said, it caught everybody off guard. They gave them the shortest possible notice. And all it said was, you know, WGN is going to be disappearing. And TNT is going to be on the end. That was it. Two days notice. Yeah. We've, we've, we think we have information that the store cable holding company may have a minority interest at TNT, which, which makes it. Well, a lot of cable companies have interest in in stations. We want to have to refinance when he bought MGM. I think four or five of the biggest cable supply carries in the country. You have a piece of the action now. That's, that's standard operating procedure in the cable business. Well, a few of us from Chicago and some people that have called the, since a couple articles were printed in the paper have really tried hard to fight this thing. And I've gotten a lot of calls from a lot of stuff. Oh, good luck. By the way, you know, I have an access to this relationship now with WGN. Right. That's owned by the Tribune company. Oh, you got more of those in the country. What have I done in June? And then that's play the Cubs. Uh-huh. Am I team now? The company owns the Cubs. Well, anyhow, today is four o'clock in front of the Hollywood City Commission. Store cable is, is agreed to come forward. I had spoken to the mayor of Hollywood. And she's got it on the agenda today. And I don't know what to expect, but we're, we're going there with. I'll tell you what you can expect. You can expect lip service because when push comes to shove, store, or can tell the mayor to go take a fly and leap. They're probably doing a little more diplomatically, but that's what they're going to do. Well, we're going to see what can, uh, can come of it. Anybody that's listening from Hollywood, they would like to show up. It's at four o'clock today at the Hollywood City Commission at 2600 Hollywood Boulevard. Excellent. Good luck. Thank you Neil. Thanks a lot. Good luck. Because they'll need it. The power is an hour is an hour is in the thing with a cable company. But like the one caller said, they've got, you know, virtual monopolies. And they've got that anybody's got a monopolies got an arrogant attitude. Whether it's the hero, whether it's the phone company or FPNL or whatever. And, you know, it's like, do you know what city hallmagne you're just banging your head against the wall. And you'll never get that 50 cents taken off your bill. Yes. Now they jack up the charge at extra 55 cents or whatever it was. But now that they took the channel away from you, don't expect to get the, uh, this guy. They can charge whatever the traffic will be. Right. And, in fact, somebody was called. There was a lady called Stivia yesterday and they were talking about the changes with a channels and she was complaining that she lives in Broward and she can't get six or twelve because she doesn't have cable. Yeah. Which is a good point. I mean, you know, I, I had the 13% that they're admitting to. She said she couldn't afford the cable. Now basic cable years ago used to be 10 bucks a month. Oh, yes. Or less, 950. Now it's like 21 bucks. If I told you, my cable bill runs about 62 bucks a month because I've got all four of the movie channels and I got the basic and 62 bucks a month for cable is ridiculous. It's more than my phone. You don't even get what you want. That's correct. Why if you buy a dish, if you, if you find answer dish over three years, that's about what you'll pay for the dish. Yeah. Yeah. That is correct. And thank goodness. I didn't, you know, I still got my dish and a garage. I got all everything in one piece, everything is great shape. And, um, you know, it's, it's a little bit high. It's about three grand for a really good system. Yeah. But you can find answered. And you live in a place where you've got a single family home and you can get permission. You know, you got to check that out first if the zoning will allow it. It's, it's a great investment. I've, I've never been happy with an investment I made. My last experience. My first problem with it when I came back in vacation is she apparently there was a lightning strike at my house. You know, some of the equipment got screwed up. And I was without it for about a week and I was just beside myself. Yeah. It was like living without it to end up plumbing. And the things that you get to see is like a whole new world. It opens up all these new avenues to you. And you get to see the CNN, the direct feed where they're sitting there picking their nose and reading the paper. Yeah. Yeah. To get things these scramble like to get, you can get HBO and cinema for a year for a hundred and fifty nine dollars. That comes to what about 11 bucks a month for both service. Right. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. I congratulate the guy that just called you up about the WGN problem. And yes, the, the people that, the Harold had a big thing. About it. I mean, just the fact of life. Like, you know, you can't deny it. They've got a real signal problem. Well, then I worked as the many you know, I, I wish it came in crystal clear myself. But it was odd. And they're, but because advertisers, I'll, I'll begin in the say to one more listen. People aren't getting this. Yeah. And I'm going to say it again. 12 has got a good signal. I mean, maybe I'm picky. I don't know. But I like, I like a real crisp clear signal. You expected it. But I, I feel it. And 12's got a good signal. But it's just, it isn't like, for example, five. Now, five, I think is closer as I recall for, they got a better signal than 12 does. South. Well, the lower on any, the lower on the dial, you're the better. Okay. And five comes in just the same as four. Like I said, there's absolutely, I, I keep clicking back and forth to try to pick up some little my new nuance. There is no difference whatsoever. They're both crystal clear. Excellent picture. And 12 is good. But it just doesn't have the color and doesn't have the sharpness that you would, for example, that we used to get CBS on a foreign. It's annoying. You know, you'd like to have a network affiliate that at least looks like the local station. And that was the thing that used to separate network affiliates. You can, if you could look at a network affiliate and independent station to tell the different architecture you used to. Four waterdale. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I have a question for Tom. Is it possible that in the second half of the major league baseball, negotiation contract with the table that Turner has already possibly nailed down the rights that I was for games that are going to be. I don't think he's nailed them down, but I think he's a strong player. Is that why possibly WG WGN's being dropped? Oh, no, that is absolutely nothing to do it. You think these people in in Florida, you have any insight into what's going on. And you know, big league negotiations and New York behind closed doors. No, no, they did it because it was self-serving. They got a better deal from Turner. They've already gotten their 50 sessions to subscribe. Is they going to keep that anyway? And it's just a question of going for the best deal on the viewer be damned. Not being a cable subscriber myself. Is there any other attraction to WGN beside the Cubs game? Oh, sure. Yeah, that's a well-programmed independent state. And they have excellent movies. Very good movies. Good basketball during the winter. Yeah, the movies are good in some of the many series and things that come along and don't show up here for months show up there first. It's a well-programmed independent nation. I mean, it'll be a good one. And excellent news. I mean, I realize a lot of people aren't interested in what's going on in Chicago, but nonetheless, if you are from the Midwest or from that area, there are news that are outstanding. Do you have any comment about the NBC switch to CBS to the baseball ten games on Sunday or concern? NBC was upset about losing the baseball package. CBS bought that package because every year they would get kill while NBC and ABC used the playoffs in the world series to promote their fall schedule. So CBS, they didn't buy it so much for the value of the games themselves as their uses promotional tools. See, every year now, come October. CBS will have baseball on when the other networks want to try and promote their new shows, which makes it difficult to see because people are distracted by baseball. And at the same time, during baseball, CBS will be promoting their new shows. That's why they spent a lot more money than the games are worth by themselves. What do you think about the breeder's coming up at Gospelsk? I can't wait. How they're going to do that with sending only open 50 days? They're going to be open only three days. They've got open on Friday. They've read a couple of the on Saturday. They'll be open on Sunday and they'll go back to call. There's my understanding. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Thanks for calling. Yeah, that's going to be a three-credible way. Well, I'm going to have those days off. I'll call you back. Also, by the way, the breeder's crown and harness racing, they're working on it. Not only if it's going to happen or not, but they're working on having all of the races. Eighteen. It's a fact. You're going to have eight races. What is going to happen? The week before the breeder's cup is November 4th at Gospelsk. The previous Friday and Saturday, I think it's like the 26th and 27th of October. Eight races at Pompano. That's going to be tremendous. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 524WIWD. We don't want to get two sports intensive. It's a little, although he's okay today. He's mulled out a little bit because you're here. Miami. Hello. You're doing it. Okay. Listen to me. How long did you have your dish up before you had to take it down? Three, four months. Because it seems to me that I like two years ago a dish was like being in Wonderland. You could get everything. But now they've really turned it around for the dish owners. They're just at Mercy. The cable company is everyone else. Because you have to pay the $25,000 to get the dish. The three to $500 to get to these scramble and then subscribe to the cable company. Well, first of all, I don't know any dish to cost $5,000. Second of all, you're right about that. I pay to get HBO cinemas and the 10 services that I want. The superstations, the 2 CNN, ZSPN. It cost me about $229 a year total, which comes to less than $20 a month. I control it. And on top of that, it's still about 50 or 60 stations which are in scramble. And on Sunday when CBS has five or six football games, I picked the one I watched, not the one that the local station wants to show me. That's just one example. Just basketball games. It's a hunk of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it just loads of stuff up there that isn't scramble. I agree. It's a lot. It's love. I like to watch the announcers in between plays on commercials. They hear their comments about bushering. But the thing is, I'm not not unencorporated. They don't even offer us cable. Well, if you're an unencorporated day, you can get a satellite dish because that's where I live and I have no problem. Right. I get a dish and now they're going to, you know, year two ago is great. We could pick up what we wanted. But now I got, I got $2500 invested in a dish. And now I also got to pay the $400 for this scramble and then subscribe after the fact. And they don't even offer me their services to begin with. It's still much, much cheaper and over the long haul. And it's much more. But let me get that straight. So in other words, if you live in an unencorporated part of a county, well, I don't know if they county. I don't know what the rules are. I'm proud. All right. So in unencorporated date, you don't have to apply for a permit or do any of those things? No. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's legal. But some of these communities, you know, just who can't, people can't mind their on business. They, they're, they're more concerned. They're not concerned with it being an eye. So anything else, they just, the people across the street, I bet a television. I mean, I don't want them to have better television. Let me tell you something. Mine was, was my dish up when you were at my house? Was it up? Yeah. Yeah. You couldn't see it. Trust me. I mean, as you came down my street, you could just from one spot on the street, you can barely see the top of it. I mean, it's big. It's not 10 feet, I think. But you could just barely see it. And of course, behind me, there's a lake. So really, nobody could see it. It wasn't bothering anybody. But again, he's, like you say, these municipalities, they've got to go through a big song in advance. You got to get the homeowners association or right letter and this one letter and a president to, you know, sign his autograph on your left cheek and all this other nonsense. And then, if, you know, get all that and it's right. And it's right on mine. And it's right on mine. Where is it any of that business? Exactly. So I'm private property and it's not bothering anybody. But if you're an uncorporate, it kissed the ground. Believe me. It's right. It's right. But then again, you know, we don't have the problems with the, with the, as soon as it rains or birds fly over. That's correct. You got it. We can turn from one to another and enjoy them all. And if you miss one at six o'clock, you pick it up on the west coast. You know, at the same time. And that's the way it should be. If there are, if there are, if there are this program material up there in the sky, as long as you're willing to pay for it, yeah, why shouldn't you be able to have your choice of whatever that has you want? Every home in America should be able to pick and choose whatever they want. If they're going to pay for it. Well, all that they're doing actually is perpetuating them in the opposite of the local television station. That's it. The only reason that they used to be only six or seven or eight channels or five channels or three channels was because that was all that was room for on the dial. Not because anyone decided that no mock, or she'd have more than three stations. That was just the way that the spectrum was laid out. That's all you could have without one interfering with another. Okay, I just wanted to point out that some of the people out there who didn't have dishes that it's not as simple as just putting up the dishes or a lot more than that. Well, that's well, yeah, but you've, you've really over exaggerated the situation. First of all, I would say frustrating thing, you know, when you've got, when you've got everything. First of all, I think right now for under $3,000. And I'm not looking to sell any for any reason. I have my own already. But for under $3,000, you can go out now and get the whole package with a desks ramble up. Right. And then under $3,000, and then for about $200 a year, which is about four or five hundred less than if you were paying for cable, you can get everything that you want that's scrambled. And it is a little more complicated. Including a couple of movie services. Like I say, the HBO Cinemax package costs only $159 a year for both on any cable system. We cost you well over 200 for either of them. And let me say this to you. Invested a lot of money in a great TV set. And I have, yeah, really good ones. I got a big screen that I got a 31 inch Phillips. And if you've got a really great piece of equipment that is if I can say stay to the art or whatever. Yeah. The picture you're going to get will be worth the investment because it's so much clear. I mean, I never forget the first day that we crank that thing up. I have never seen a TV picture like in my life. And then I tune in the first basic quality. No, it's a fan. And we like it was in your living room. I mean, is that clear? But anyway, be that as a man. We're not here to sell satellite dishes, but a chair is a great idea. If you can get one 12 17, let's go to North Miami. Hello. Yeah, he's done. Good. I don't burn. Okay. It's an I got a question. I don't know if you can answer. I've subscribed for six months in the news. Okay. And I've only got it for three months. I paid 30 bucks. How do I get my $15 back? I would call the circulation department. Well, just called out there and ask him. Call me Tina. WMD. We have an open line in date. 751, 9463 and another company. No, just like the latest artists. They were actually sending people subscription flies. They were going to be a week or two of when they had announced they were going to close. A Ralph Reneke held one up in the air one night. Did he? Yeah. He had gotten one like the middle of December. And they had announced on December 31st. They were going to close. And Ralph's in important. Okay. It's 12 a.m. To W.I.O.D. It will come back with Tom Jick and your calls in a second. I want to tell you again about our good friends at Toyota of Hollywood. We keep telling you about that three day trial period on the new cars, trucks, and vans. And it's a hell of an opportunity to make sure you get in the car that's going to fit you. But if you're in the market. But anyway, 21 past noon at W.I.O.D. Getting choked up from the pipe and all. But you notice that we haven't been no food in here. No. And you lost a lot of weight. You look great and we're all he's dieting on forced up. What have you got lettuce? What is that? Just a little something from public. Sturlics. Sturlics. Yeah. No, a little sandwich. Sam Lishon. Quiet here. My mom business. Quiet to things down a little bit. Once it's a while some stuff shows up, they put it downstairs. And we go down in just a tiny little taste. But other than that, we're doing okay. And by the way, fat rich is coming tomorrow. Please only liquid. You know, high and soda water stuff like that. No more food rich. Boca. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What's that channel 12 thing you've just been playing? You just had that ad. It doesn't sound like the old channel 4 one. It is. That's the CBS thing. Oh, it's that's where we were having a great debate here yesterday. My pod ran. And we didn't know why they would be using the same one. But it's. Well, there you go. I see. Well, that take a big way off myself. Yeah. Yeah. You guys have really been discussing this. You won't. You won't hear that on channel 4 anymore. But you will hear this. But what if channel 12 does play in that? Then we're in never all in big trouble. The trouble both will be leaving from the coast. That is correct. If a channel 4 don't stop playing this boats may be leaving. But the road to the other day, the problem with this is that the TV just at the time when they finally stop with this don't worry. CBS is going to be launching their campaign because they only took over the station yesterday so they've been going a little bit low key. But they'll be ready to make their big splash in another month or two. We've got to know what they're going to come up with. We remember back in the fall. Neil has done worry. I'm worried they're running. Yeah. But we're already finished with this thing. Yeah. Please. Something else, please. Amen. Well, I just think we'll do run that. At least through inauguration day, right? How long has played a 12? What's, okay? Well,enza, I'm going to go back with a real ition. In the weekend earlier, we were jobs, we've got a 101 year. Thank youterlle. Of course through an Australia. The survey's just a Phil. Good morning. I see you Optol tiroBLANKong Sver permane sna Geek-o B Mart Upper Raram E Far droplets of water and bananas fryerEdgu dish, just to finish that in there. That's 28 92 years ago I remind you that I didn't have a book of books. you made a comment about what can you do or it's not possible to get a rebate from the company when they don't provide the service. Well, I just want to tell you what I did, I was successful. You know, it took about an hour and a half on the phone, but I have a Delphiocable, a colorage. Yeah. And I was doing some work around the house and every time I wanted to take a break, it was over a period of a month, the cable was out. Or it would come on for 30 seconds and be out for 20 and then come back and... Are you sure that last season out on one of your channels right now because those dogs are going nuts? That must be it. Anyway, what I did, I called them up and I told them, I'm looking, no, I don't want to, I want one month back. Why did I tell you for a month? I don't care if it works at two o'clock in the morning. Oh, what I'm a worker and what are they telling you? They gave me, they knocked the month off my bill. Because I told them this, if you don't take one month off right now, you can take that $600 a year and you can take my order right now to disconnect. And maybe if people took that type of a line it would work. Well, I don't deny that maybe that happened to you but you're the first one I've heard it that happened to. Well, I said it, I had to really get tough with them and tell them that you get $600 a year for me, you know, you're not going to get anything. If you don't, if you don't give me the money back for the service I paid for, well, the threats do work with them because like Thompson before they do get the per of subscribers reading the way they set their rates and that's what it's all about to know. And I know that when I got the satellite dish up and I called it was back then American cable, now it's continental and I called them and I said I want to cancel all the movie channels. They were just filming it the mountain. Yeah, but it took a big money from me. Well, not only that but they were afraid it was going to cancel the whole thing and I said, but I'm going to keep the basic and that seemed to pacify. In other words, as long as you just weren't going to dump out and they could count you as a subscriber, they were still pacified. Well, of course in theory they can sell you to somebody as a potential subscriber to the cable to the premium services. You can always use this leverage and then you can always call back at the 40 under the day and tell them, you know, different. But you can use this leverage at the time. One other thing I did when I lived in Coconut Grove, we had my any cable vision. I can't imagine any cable company being worse than that one. Can I ask you a question? Do you now live in a dark pal? I'm sorry. It's a little ambiance for the show now. It sounds like the guy you remember guy used to call up into the dog races when I'd be out. Well, anyway, in Coconut Grove where the were less dogs, I had my me cable vision. They were so bad. I called him up and I said, I don't want it anymore. So when I brought the box down to get the money back. Well, first of all, they won't give you the converter box until you give them $75. I went down there to get the $75. Yeah, I didn't give the box back. It takes months to get the $75. I didn't need the money. It was a principle of it. I said, why can't I get the box till I give you the money? But I can't get the money back for six to eight weeks. They said, that's the way it is. Well, I took the box back out. I went and called them and I called spoke to some managers and I said, listen, I'm going to take this bottom. I don't want the money to take it to the Harold right out of the front steps. I'm going to go in there and tell him what I'm going to do and I'm going to smash this with a hammer. Maybe just maybe they'll be interested enough to print a little something in the paper. And I'm going to, if I get a statement at all, I'm going to encourage other people to the same. I went back down there the next day and it gave me a check. Yeah. It's sad that you have to do that, but it works a lot. That's right. Look at all the money they get to keep all that time and get interest on it. Yeah. Okay. Well, bye bye. Good luck. Thank you. 27 past noon at WIOD. It's open line in date. 7. 5. 1. 9. 4. Good morning. Good evening. Okay. Well, whatever. Anyhow, well, I'm going to have a table company. Do you notice that they always are doing things to get new subscribers, but they never give people that have been with them for years. Any kind of a break, except maybe one of the big premium channels have their free weekend. Yeah. Well, that's common business practice in just about any business. But like the old story of the practical son. Okay. And also I am spitting about Bible parable. Yeah. I don't know what's going to taste melod. So much. I want to get it for a lot of the other day. I've been out. Big. I'm not important. It wasn't. It wasn't that good to repeat a second time. Absolutely not. Okay. Now, they're going to figure out what's going on with AM radio down here. What's going on? Because I notice I still, you know, a lot of problem getting stations up in the outer reaches of north-<|fr|>ard, like I am in with myself. And in some parts, even in south-dade and the keys. When I can go over to the Bahamas and get the station, they're on standing on top of their tower. I guess that's directional signals. Yeah. Big part of the problem is a lot of us have to put, you know, big signal into the water. You know, and I guess we're big and dolphins. You know, but that's about it. There's some other issues. Mm-hmm. Okay. I was over in the Bahamas for a few weeks. Now, it's getting you better than I've ever heard you before. And when you used to work over on another station on AM, you sounded pan. When I was several miles further away from me. Yeah. Well, when I was on a night in that station, I used to drive, when I left there a midnight every night, I used to drive home to Pembroke Pines and I get up to Pembroke Road, which is about a mile from the tower. And I could barely hear the station anymore. So, you know, it's all that directional business. Okay. Well, thanks a lot. You have a good day. And someday we'll get all this figured out. Yeah. But 28 past noon at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. If you move quickly now, 5, 2, 4, WIOD. Tom's going to be here to one. And then he's going to leave us very quickly. Unfortunately, he had a big interview set up with his friends at Channel 7, but something has to do with me again. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Doesn't happen one every time we have one set up. Pambi, Chelo. Meow. Yes, sir. I don't John from Pambi. I don't John. Good. Good. That's in the far of the cable company. If you have an outage. Okay. They have to credit you for the days that your cable is out. Yeah, but it has to be a whole day, doesn't it? Right. It has to be a whole day. Well, it has to be a whole day. Yeah. So you've got to sit there and monitor it. Oh, no. I mean, if you turn out in the morning and head out, you come home in the evening and head out then they have to credit you for it. And that's what I mean. I got news for you. They'll never do it on their own. You're right. You're right. You're right. Let me tell you one of the reasons that they get away with is that most of us dread more than almost anything in the world having to call the cable company because you hear that recording in around hole for like an hour and I almost get the feeling they're doing it intentionally to discourage people from calling complaining. You're right. Just stay. Yeah. Just like what the telephone company. Yeah. Yeah, I call the mobile phone to request you more for the calls and I'm not sure. I tell you one thing though, since they broke up my bill, when you call a phone company to make any changes now, they are so friendly and so fast and so accommodating. Man, it just the phone company's always been from an apoli. It's very benevolent than apoli. And they know well, well, now many things are competitive that they're trying to keep the old for come. I mean, as far as service and reasonable pricing and things like that, but they're added to these changes to a lot of the competition. Believe me, any to when somebody gets competition, they become a lot more humble and a lot more agreeable. That's right. Okay. Quick little first story up in Palm Beach in a cemetery village up there. Yeah. They have a bus to go to the public. Okay. They had about 40 old first on this bus. Okay. They were loading up the manager of the store and came out and stopped them from loading onto the bus and said that there was a shoplifting going on and he'd like to check the receipt of some of the people that were on the bus. So everybody, you listen, you know, everybody got off the bus. Okay. The manager went into the bus and found over $100 worth of groceries laying under the seat. Ah, I wonder how it got there. Gee, I, you know, I wanted to how he was able to do that. I'm outside the store. It's unbelievable. It's not an air property. It's not an air parking lot. Maybe. One more thing now. Yep. Good day. Okay. Prof. 31 of W.O.O.D., an opening in that Palm Beach line. That's hot. 655, 9463. And we got, can you imagine what the liability insurance must be on that bus? No, not for driving it for riding on it. Yeah. Broward, hello. Yes, sir. Let me say it again. Hello. Hello. Yeah. One more time. Back. Quit listening to the radio, sir. You're on right now. Right as we speak. Okay. But not much longer. But it's going to be a real recall because you keep listening to yourself on delay. Sir. Hello. Speak to us. Okay. Now I can hear you. Okay. Okay. That was incredible. It said satellite info on five. Yeah. This is why I went to that. I thought it'd be an interesting call. And the guys, well, maybe he's up there on a day. Yeah. You mentioned just in passing a few minutes ago. And I said, incredible. I know for kids listening to us. It'll really show you that we grew up when we were kids really had three or four channels. You know, you know, they don't think we had a tough thing. I don't want to get back in. I just got you. I want to get back in that discussion with you because you finally relented a couple years ago that debate we had about, you know, without being used to be better in the old days. And you being very naive and young. Later that song at a dance about how I was wrong. And we got the book out. We went back night by night and prime time when they're only used to be the three networks or whatever. And it was so much better choice back in the old days. I don't know. I want to go back to that. I mean, competitive cable now and satellite what's available. Would you want to go back to that? Well, not to those programs per se, but to the quality of it. Yeah. In other words, I'd rather have three great shows to choose from it. A given time almost any time of the day or night as opposed to having 60 crap channels that I got now. They were different. Even when you got the satellite, for example, if there's not a sports event on it, a given moment, which is unusual. But if there isn't, you can go from every single one of those birds and all the transponders and there will be plenty of times when you, I mean, unless you want to see the guy chop any onions, you know, one channel there and the guy with this. How is he doing 20 hours a day? That's on tape. He's on 24 hours a day. Yeah, that's incredible. It is unbelievable. 1233 at Wild, April, where they've got a news update and we'll come back with our guest Tom Jika, the radio TV editor, the Fort Laudernale news sunset and all right after this. 1236 at Wild, we have an open line and palm beach, but you won't get on anyway if you call in there. But just for exercise, 655, 9463, Broward County, hello. Yes, Neil. How you doing? Good. That's a big coincidence you guys are talking about this today because I called you sales office early this morning. I'm a third light dealer. They look I want to get some spots on Neil's show. Ain't nobody got back to me here. Really? No. But I understand you had to take a dish out. I think I got a solution for that. I think I could, you could get a portable dish. Okay, that folds up like an umbrella, but a nine footer. And every time they get half of you just fold it up and fold it out the next day. Oh, so in other words, break the laws. I would you not think I'd have sold me mine, are you? Yeah, I don't know. You sound like it. I think the restrictions I have to do with permanent fixes and this is not a permanent fix. It's a portable unit. But then why if that's a case, then why did you say that every time they give you a hassle, fold it up and put it out. Why if it is not that if there's nothing illegal about it, why would they give you a hassle? Well, I don't see why why it would give you a hassle about two years ago. It was difficult to put pull permits in a lot of different cities. It is now like like plantation, right? We have put permits in plant. Nobody's saying it's not easy. It's a pain in the ass. It is, but it can be done. Oh, I know that. I'm going to have it done. What was you charge now for it for an outfit? We had a call a little while ago for a with a discrembler, ten foot to twelve foot dish installed. How about 20, 100? Yeah, yeah, certainly not five thousand. Yeah, that's right. That's about right. And that would be with an installed discrembler, right? Yeah, so the guy has said five thousand and four hundred. Oh, yeah, he's getting carried away. All right, it would be about 20, a hundred. And if you find it as well, I find it as mine, 2900, and it cost me a hundred and six a month for three years, which is a little bit high, but then now my three years are up in the eye pays the very minimal fee for the, what I get to you scramble. Sure, sure. And then up to the other cable company. It's a much better dealing in school by the cable company. That is the way I was for all of that. Initially, I think they were a part and parcel with the city commissions and what not to put pressure and a lot of dealers who were at hand customers were one and a half dishes. No more than anything, yeah, but more than anything, which is people mining other people's business as usual. That too, that too. So I hope you have failed the part and called me back. I'll lay on them, okay? Okay. Thank you. 1239 at WIOD and we'll go to four Latterdale. Hello. Right now. Yep. Good luck at your position, Tom. Thank you. Neil, you may not have the worst cable company in the world. I have Jones. Oh, we got, we got a right here at the station. I got two stations I can watch the same MBC program. I got two stations I can watch the same CBS program I got. There's two stations on my cable now that are reserved for future programming. I have absolutely nothing on that. Okay, as your cable company, he told us, yeah. Jones. I'd like to know what, isn't that what this is? What's the, I'm not getting to get this. Wait a minute, I'm not done. There's four turner network stations with the CNN, TBS, TNT. Yep. Okay. They just put on the Sun Science channel. I called him and asked him why they didn't put the sports channel on so we could have the games. The heat games. They said, we can get the heat games on 33. I said, well, he better tell me where you're getting your TV guide. Because it's a little different in mind. You can only get a few. That was their answer to that. They took USA that work off. I said, why did you take USA that work off? They said, well, most of the cable companies around have discontinued USA. They're the only ones that have done it. Unbelievable. They got a better deal with someone else. Yeah, I'm sure with TNT they have to put it on. But it's, it's absolutely ridiculous. And I, I feel as though there's nothing we could do about it. Well, you know, the thing that bothers me is that when you sign up for something, they give you a list. They give you a sheet of guide, whatever you want to call it. It shows you what they have available. And you make an agreement. You give them a deposit. You get the box and a whole thing. And they install it. And that's what you paid for. Then arbitrarily without asking the customers, all of some of them, you know, we'll say, well, we sent surveys. Not usually they don't even do that. They just arbitrarily change it. Well, to me, that's, that's fraud or close to it. Because then you're paying for something that isn't what you agreed to in the first place. So when you sign up, because maybe you're a big cubs fan or for whatever reason you want WG and just use that as an example. Because that's a popular one. And then it disappears arbitrarily with two days notice. That's fraud. Because that's not what you're paying for. They also have a paper view channel that you can't get. If you have it there, it's building you, they're running a test on the area. They've been running a test on the area. Well, it's not that much paper view on. If you remember, by the way, going way back, it started on your program. Why I got a satellite dish when they took WR or my cable business. That's why I got a dish in the first place. Well, but one of the reasons for them putting the sunshine channel on was because somebody intanguated decision. No, sunshine channel is owned by the cable companies. They have an equity interest in that. Yeah. That's why they put that on instead of sports channel, which has just infinitely better programs. Yeah, and a sunshine channel. You get like Olympic badminton and those picking and seminar. There are maybe a couple of shows like they have the colder racing show, but other nationality on sports channel are really. Yeah, because it's not sports channel. Yeah. So other than that, sunshine, one of the big ways you'll ever see in a history of mankind, and they're foisting it upon us only because they got a vested interest in us. Well, they don't know nothing. They told me that the sports channel has about to lose the rights for the metton and the Dodgers or something like that. I don't even understand what they're talking about. No, I'm very safe. Sure. The Dodgers are an unsports channel. And as far as the metton concerned, they're not going to lose the mettepe. Because they did lose the Yankees to MSG. That'll be interesting to see if any stations down here pick up MSG. That's a good channel. Yeah. Excellent. That's another one you'll get in the metton's battle. Yeah. And plus you get the next and you get the ranges. And now you're going to get the Yankees starting the year after the next. Just about every Yankee game is going to be on. There's just a lot of reasons to get us. But like I say, I'm kind of waiting to move now because I've moved from Miami to Fort Lowe to the All the work. And I just won't move into a place until I know an advance. I can put my dish up. We said, I bought a house and I can't get a satellite dish out of it. What do I do? Why not? Why not? It's against those owning bars. Where what's what's sitting? I live out of David. Well, I would go to a commission meetings and fight that. What do we do about these people? I mean, there's nothing we can do. There's no one you can do. There's nothing you can do. No. That's just about what unless you, one of the things you can do is get a group of people. If you get 20, 30, 50 people to threaten to cancel, you might get there. But things single individuals. They want because they know in the long run what you're going to do. You're going to call up. You're going to make threats and then you're not going to do anything. Because you won't give up what you do have. And they know that I'm going to only do all of certain things. If I've got a group, it might work a little bit better. They only, they know that I'm going to only call a certain amount of time. Just make it on home. Yeah. Exactly. That's right. Why is it that they want to lie? What is designing a lot of it doesn't allow you to put a dish up out. I'm not exactly sure what I called and they said no. Well, I would check into it because it might be, you know, it might have some restrictions. Did they allow people to put up TV? Let me say this to you. I don't think that they can totally ban them. I mean, I may be a little fuzzy, but my attorney told me this months ago that ruling that was in Congress last year says that you've got a right to have one. Now, they can make very restrictive rulings and make it pretty tough for you to put it in the right spot. And, you know, fit all of the restrictions. But I don't think it's kosher for them to say you can't have one. So I would check it out and find out what it really is. If you put it out of sight, we're no one could see it from all of your property. Did they allow TV antennas in David? Yes. Well, that's a positive, that's a recourse. I know from reading TradePapes. If they, because all of an antenna is a TV, if all of this is a TV antenna, when push comes to shove. So I don't think that they can just fly it out loud. And if I were you, I would check into it. Okay, thanks. Good luck. 1244, WI would do. What is this? That came with it. There's a tape. This is from the check for Camilo Sound. For Camilo Sound. For Rose, Nuthouse and the Gallery. Oh yeah, great folks. Since a bunch of candies. What a piece candy. Oh, sure, it's all day aesthetic. What do we got? Oh, boy. Wow. I watched 1245 at WI would do. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I know how are you? Good. Well, I'm just find out who regulated the FCC. I've had problems with the Delphiocables in Farguis. FCC is not involved in cable. I filed a complaint with the Office of Accounting Manager. FCC Division, cable, television, 17th floor. I have the letter in front of us. In front of me, I was told that a Delphiocables failed to apply for a permit with FPNL for power supply to my area and can delay. By the way, excuse me, one second. But Fatt Rich called in on the bat line said he's got a friend and Davy who has a satellite dish. No problem. So the gentleman had called just before this caller will check it out. So he might be able to get one. Go ahead, I'm sorry. Okay, that's okay. So anyway, I was told by a Delphiocables after outages from August through the end of November that they had failed to apply for their power supply permit from FPNL. I then called the FCC file to complaint. They sent me a letter. The FCC tells me today, tough luck. Yeah, FCC is not involved in cable. Who would it regulate some? Who would allow somebody to delay cable? Charge customers? The county. County doesn't care. Well, that's the problem. That's where we all have this. That's why you hear everybody gripping, but we don't have any solutions because they don't care. But somebody has to, I mean, do they pay kickbacks to the county? Is that what's becoming obvious? Well, I know they pay pay fees, but it's not. Well, they pay kickbacks. My cable without the 31st from three o'clock to a quarter to cut bears game. Roo, the midday of the first 19 hours. Well, you can do as demand every fund for that day. They did know that they did not have to give refund. I think that man was living in fantasy. Who called the county cable office and they'll tell you what you're right. I did. This guy, Mary, was a complaint officer. Yeah, what do you say? Nothing. He sent me the letter. He said nobody investigated why they didn't apply for the permit. And I could take a chance and, you know, deduct that outage from my bill. Yeah. But they could turn around and cut my cable off. And I have no choice. They won't cut your cable off. No one day, not especially if they were wrong or I would doubt it because then they'd be losing you as a customer. If it doesn't matter, I live in a complex that pays them a bulk rate yearly. I have to pay them. How are they going to cut off the service? Because of the individual barfs, if we were. Are you living a different deal altogether than if you're in a, you're in what they call, I, I forget the MSD is something they call at multi system dwelling, or something like. Right. MDS multi. That's a whole different area. So I'm not as familiar as I am within the visual cable. But essentially, you know, negotiating with a cable company is like negotiating interest rates with a lawn shock. You know, you've got no leverage. You take what they're offering or you get lost. I can understand that I just find it hard to believe there's nobody in day county. Those could threaten that these people are stealing power from other source supplies in the can of the lake's area. Because they failed to apply for a permit that's required by day county. Well, you're just talking tech, not tech, I don't know. You know, some technical, fine point, I don't think that. I don't think that's what I'm talking about. I wish you could lock where we don't have an answer. You know, I, you know, I hate to put it in those terms, but it's just, it's frustrating. Yeah. Honda risk. 1248 a W mild D with Tom. Jacob will come back right after this. V2 a W mild D. Tom. Jacob's here to one. So let's give a couple more calls in. Broward. Hello. Broward? Yes. I'm a dealer here in Broward County. That light industry. Yeah. And I appreciate what you're doing here as far as the media goes. There's very little media talking about the satellite industry in general. Most of it is about the cable. I think there was more of this with have less regulation by your city. Yeah, I can barely hear you sir. You can barely hear me? That's better. Okay. And an answer to the fellow from Davy. There's no laws out there restricting him. We have over 50 customers in that area. Yeah. It's not a constitutional thing. It's not constitutional just to make some kind of a blanket law. You can't have him period. You can make restrictions. But you can't outlaw him. As long as we got you on the phone. I told you I'm going to be house hunting soon. Is there any area I should stay away from? Plantation. Probably number one public can of me. Yeah. Thanks a lot. And I'm going to be a neighbor then, Neil. Also, by health point, we just completed one light house point where you have to. You have a tent foot dish which is the norm in this area. You have to bury it to foot under the ground. How does it go signal it? Well, you have to go in and dig out a to foot trench. And other to think. Well, I won't be living in light of the point. That's too. You may be interested up on federal highway. There's one up there at Adams Rips that we had to do that in. It would have been a lot smarter if we'd have put it out and hit the thing. But that's how the regulations went. Well, I mean, the papers in Central Browse, I probably live somewhere in that area. There's nowhere around there that it's too bad. I've got to city a lot to do. How they? City of Fort Lottodale is not bad. It's the exception that they do require an extreme amount of paperwork regarding when the stress is and that type of thing on the dish. The dish is only. Most dishes weigh under a hundred pounds. Well, I think mine weighs more than that. Yeah. Most of them look like they do. But they're made out of aluminum in the majority of them. Yeah. I have a lot of them. But if you had more media coverage of this, I think that the cities would relax their laws. Well, you listen. I'll be delighted to bang away at it all I can because I'm a big advocate of satellites or tremendous of having your own dish and being able to make your own free choice. And, you know, more power to me. Yeah. There's no appliance in my home. I'd give up before I give the dish. I mean, the dishes, the most important appliance I have. And the foundation we're getting ready to put one in a commercial establishment, a restaurant. Mm-hmm. And it's to the point now where they have to submit the city does to the table company to get their approval. Now, that's totally against all law. Yeah. That's ridiculous. And they want to know what programs they're going to show in this type of thing. Oh, they got show those dirty movies. I should have done that many of those in the round. Yeah, two of my things. Yeah, one is pay per view. You've got to pay American X to see. Yeah. And then it's the Truxito. And that's it. Okay. Well, listen. Good luck to you, my friend. Okay. Thank you. Prof. 55 at WIOD. We've got a mobile and date. Hello. Yeah. I, you know, after listening to you guys, I've had enough. I just called City North Miami, the zoning and variance to try to find out about what I have to do for a dish. Yeah. Of course, that busy. I got to call back. Let me as you, this calm. Yeah. You get good reception on your dish. The best reception possible. I mean, if you've been listening to this more, you get an absolute perfect picture. All, all a cable system is a bunch of dishes. I'm my own cable system. I say, you got to pick you just couldn't believe. And you get to eat, right? Sure. It's important to find it like when, you know, It's absolutely not. So I come for a transponder 14. Yeah, unless there are two or three different satellite guides and you subscribe. You're just like TV guide every week. And they have, in fact, in the middle of the center fold, they've got a page that shows you all the different satellites and each transponder, what's on it with a schedule. I mean, unless you're a dodo bird, there's no way in the world. Yeah, you get to pick it up real quick within a week or two. You know where everything is. Yeah, not only will you get the heat games that are on here, but sometimes you'll get heat games that are on here that are being broadcast on the market. Yeah. Can you tell me what the air which company he used? No. My company is out of business. Oh, how about you? I wouldn't recommend the one I bought it from because the, again, they put it in. Maybe all kinds of promises and misrepresentations. And told me that they were, you know, going according to the law. And then even after I had the citation, then they said, well, we'll take care of it. And we'll get with the city of plantation and they lied to me consistently from the day that they put it in. And so now I'm doing business with some of the things. Yes, make sure that you shop around. I got three different price quotes when I got mine that varied by as much as $2,000. And make sure that if you're not in an unincorporated part of the county, if you're in a city or municipality, make sure that they go according to local, that they get it and right, get the permit and get it right into everything kosher. Otherwise, you could have a real sorry investment sitting in your garage somewhere. I say, okay, thank you a lot. Okay. Okay. Hello. Yes. I have a question, Jika. Yeah. I have a question about a charge on my cable bills called a C. A one fee? A copyright fee. It's 5% of my basic coverage and it showed up. I think that did your cable system offer more than two superstations? No, it's leadership. How many like do you have TBS? No, it's W. Oh, well, no. The copyright fee, there was a 3.75% charge for any system that carried more than two superstations. That could be it. Well, I call them. And they said to me, will the federal government charging them a copyright fee, so they're passing on to them? They're part of their cost to do in business. I mean, that's just, it doesn't matter. They don't have to explain it. They can charge whatever they want. I feel like when you get your bill from FPNL every month, do you question a few adjustment charge, you're writing like that? I mean, it's whatever they put on there. Oh, they said it's the federal government, not state low. No, you know, I exposed my cable company long before I got a dish. I got a letter one time saying that because HBO had raised the price of programming, that they had to raise my HBO bill by two months. And only because I was in the business and coveted, I knew that that was a lie. I call HBO to make sure they said, sure they hadn't raised their price to the, to the deal isn't three years. I wrote a column about it. They admitted it, but they never took the $2 charge off. They just made it up. You know, in thinking, it seems to me, and again, it's a major expense to spend 2500 or three grand, whatever. We're satellite dish. But a lot of people have been frustrated and asking, what can we do about these damn cable companies? They're not giving us what we want. Seems to me, more people start going out and buying dishes and doing it legally and properly. That the cable companies are finally going to get the message of, hey, we better, you know, cut it out. And one of the unfortunate things even about this conversation is, you know, we talk about legal and illegally, like you were doing something wrong. There's no reasons that light this. You shouldn't be legal everywhere. It's just a question of people mining other people's bits. I don't want to look at that in my block. That's the only way. Is he city of plantation, for example, like, like, is he enormous pot hole that I keep talking about on the air every day until I get over there and fix it on my street, that could just totally destroy your car. You know, they don't seem to be able to do that. And as I look across the lake for months back there, the houses had all the paint, blocked off and it would just a horrible ice or that everybody could see. But God forbid, if somebody should have a satellite dish up there, be able to get something that they don't. That's what it is. Let's make a big deal of a thing. Okay. Well, listen, we're at the end of the line. Tom, thank you. We are glad you're going to like it. It's a sunset. Thank you. And a ghost stream. I'll see you there. But you will. Tom Jick has been our guest and you'll look for his column. Almost every day when we get into this. We're going to be looking for a lot of behind catching up with excellent. Okay. News up coming at the one o'clock with April. We'll come back with an open hour 105. Steve will be here as always from 2 to 6 this afternoon. On News. Talk radio 6 and WIOD. It's the little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. With a baseball cap and a still car diia. It's already slow. It's a very slow. It's a really good one. Down. Shatchy. I don't have conditions to get in. I can't think of no one who could make me mean. I've been a little old lady from ILEA. She crawled and she stole me the real one. She's a teller of how and they'll be full of all. She's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a very slow, very slow. You can't you open. It's like you've never seen y'all. It's so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so. Don't try and throw your own do as you take it. Because you only keep fucking on a respirator. Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner than that little old lady from ILEA. She crawled and she stole me the real one. She's a teller of how and they'll be full of all. She's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. It's a little old lady from ILEA. What else is a WLIG? Can we thank Tom Jika for a great three hours. And Tom usually stays the entire show. But he had a zip back all the way up there to four-later day-of-a-l. Good luck Tom. Stay off 95. Get on that turn, Pike. Trust me. Boy 95, once you get up into that mess around Griffin and stay roadie for and in there for get it. For get it. Anyway, we got an hour to go between now and two. And of course the obvious question is, what are we doing now? Well, maybe Spencer will come in. Oh yes, Spencer is here and haven't seen how he was here in a land office business out there. He must have been as busy as he is. How long have you been there? Because he begged me and pleaded me. Be sure to mention every day on the air that I'm out there. You know, I don't know what that means. I guess for the people in the building. I guess. So maybe listening to the show. Well, I guess anyone can drop by and Spencer would want to come in. Yeah, exactly. No, I don't think so. We don't want guests in the park. In fact, this morning I had a search for a parking spot out there. And finally somebody pulled out on the side. I will not, I will not park in the back. It's not that I don't like our friend's channel. I just don't like all that bird stuff on my car. Okay. Oh, my car was dead. Because it would be just anticipating your car. And then go out and find four pounds of stuff on it. You know, I'm a Samson. Believe it or something. One thing about the birds that fly out in this place, man. They are well fed. Trust me. Stuff. The capacity and then some. Okay, no, we got a whole bunch of calls here. And I don't understand why. Because Tom is gone. Okay, let me see. This happens. We don't have guests on the show anymore. Very often, but always when you have a guest for part of the show. And then they leave. No, you don't have to. It'll be more fun to check them out. But questions for Tom. Yeah, it is. But you just want to. Because when you say goodbye and was nice having you here, you assume that the average person with IQ over two understands that they're leaving now. Okay, that they're gone. And I would say that nine times out of ten, you'd have a guest. You get a bunch of calls left. You say, hey, look at this. They want to talk to me, you know. And I have a question for Joe yet. I was going left an hour and a half ago. You know, that kind of always say that. But we'll see. For Waterdale. Hello. Yes, Neil. You got a question for Tom? Just a joke, sir. Okay, that Neil. Yeah. Last night, I just wanted to say I thought Tom was one of the engineers at Channel 6. And they're investigating putting up a. Another tower in Northern Bauer, the Southern Palm Beach County. Yeah. Direction or only. So there would be no signal interference for Channel 6. And I wanted to mention that at the time before he left. But he got out of there. Well, I'm sure he's listening right now. I'm sure he's listening. Yeah. He's listening. And they have got a penitive approval from the FCC. And they're now investigating with the FAA as to a site. In other words, the low powered, uh, transmen that would be back toward some waterdale in Miami. That would eliminate. Okay. The signal problems. And I just wanted to share that information with you. Thank you. Okay. That would be great. Because I would solve a problem. Well, they used to have that. 33. Yeah. All 33 was, uh, I know. Not a quality picture. Yeah. It wasn't what 33 is now, which is a high power UHF. Okay. Let's give those numbers out. We just got an hour to go between now and to a clock or 51 minutes and counting. At the 751 WOD and day, 524 WOD and Broward. Oh, 50 now, 50. 49. Not that we're counting. Got it. Ah, 278 WOD and Boca and Delray. And, of course, on a Palm Beach look at that, the Palm Beach line. Just once. A half line check. I hate the way these lines blank. I'm counting up somewhere along the line. And I know they've heard me biction about this ever since we came here. But it takes all the fun out of life is the way these, this instrument blanks. I've never in my life seen a phone system where they like tinkle a little bit. You know, they tweak a little and then they go out and they just, and they can't all ring at the same time. Now, you could have 4,000. Here's a message. It says they will never change the phone. Is there some special reason for that that we don't know? Yeah. What is the reason? Just in case you hadn't already surmised. Nick is back today. It's custom. Why don't care if it's customised or not? They could customize it to be crappy like this. They could customize it and do it right. Because I know they're changing the phone system and all the big shots offices out there in the rest of the building. They just, they either have done it or they're in a process of doing it and changing to a real phone system that works. But I guess, you know, we're talking to you. We just do a show with phones on a year. I guess that isn't all that important. No. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. Well, look at that. We still got those same four deadly calls on there that we had before I gave the numbers again. So I had a feeling in the cinema stomach. All right. Let's take this mobile here. Hello. Hi, how are you doing? I just had to say something about store cable. I recently moved from North Miami to a, to a coral spring. And I had a refund due to me. And I got a letter from store saying that if you want your refund, this is less than five dollars. You have to specifically send them a letter. If it's more than five dollars, they'll send it to you. But if it's less, you've got to write them and ask them to send it to you. And I just said, you have to say, pretty please in the letter. Yes, you did. And I said, pretty please in a lot more. You know, I know it's a little thing, but it really makes me, I read because they've had the money for, you know, three, four years already. Yeah. I've always paid my bills. And it doesn't me off. Yeah. The bottom line is cable companies really suck. That's the bottom line. Yep. I don't know if there's a really good one out there that really treats the customers well and gives them programming that most of the people want. I don't know where it is. Yeah. I agree. I mean, if it was 88 cents more, they would have sent it to me with had a letter. Great. Well, anyway, I don't want to take any more time. I just had to say that. Good luck. Thanks a lot. 12 minutes after one at WIOD and we're down to three now. Let's see if we can get the clear the board. Oh, good. We can start. All these people are, you know, one dimension. Like, get off on a thing and then right away, that's the only thing they can do, you know. Five, two, four. I'm going to give them real slowing. I enjoyed that moment of silence. I like that. Five, two, four. Nice. WIOD and Broward. I didn't have a good hate letter from Palm Beach. I threw it in the basket. Oh. That's you, and the light that I might, because it looks like it's going to be desperate. I don't want Tom to feel bad. I can't have any electors. No, he's a great guy. Oh, he has a lot of time. And I've never been able to understand when he used to come in for four hours on all the shows. And that's a long, it is. I mean, when you're getting paid for it, that's one thing. But to come in and, you know, sacrifice your life to the audience for four hours. It's a long haul. It's a great letter. It's about this, uh, Yeah, what's the default fart couple in Palm Beach? And they were trying to find a parking space. They were probably cutting these kids off and stealing their parking space. And the kids got out of the car and they started calling them douche bags and old Farts. And of course, they're immediately blaming me. This is a copy of a letter sent to our illustriot. Oh, here it is. Great. It could be worth it. Look at the copy. Look at the handwriting. This will be worth it. It's like, Methuselate in drag. Okay. And that's what the handwriting looks like. And I'm going to try my best to decipher it. Okay. Now, as soon as I said that, almost all lines over it up. Dearser. This is to build a spike wise. Here at Wild. This is from Joseph Feinberg in West Palm Beach. And he sent Joseph sent me this copy. So I'm not reading anything out of anybody else's mailbox. Dearser, I want to let you know of an experience I had with a broadcast talk program that emulates, not emanates, but in, oh, maybe it is not an EMU L. Emulates from your station. Emulates. Oh, I know this program is a Neil Rogers. A not Neil Rogers, but a Neil Rogers. My wife and I were looking for a parking space in a Delray shopping center. I inadvertently took a space that was about to be taken by two young men who had been waiting for same inadvertently of horns. Me, for I could back out and give the space to them and wave a apologizing, they both shouted all fart into my wife who was sitting with the car window closed, could not hear, being called douchebag. They scattered away, 102 people scattered away. They scattered away, racing their motor as they left. A couple who witnessed the incident told us that it was the influence of a radio talk show host, a Neil Rogers would broadcasting at the time. As my wife shocked, I listened to this program on WIOD. I am not a pro, but his humor and choice of songs were quite shocking, the hear early in the day. Later in the day, a candy bar song was x-rated plus. But the real venom came a little later. He started to be rate old people, his labels of old farts and douchebags used over and over again for the next few weeks. For the next few weeks, I listened to WIOD, a 10 to 2, and I could not believe what I was hearing. A Paul Goebles type, I thought it was Joseph Goebles. What do I know about history? A Paul Goebles type arousing young people to hate any senior citizen who might come their way. Colors were telling of their episodes with old farts and douchebags and how they let the old folks know their place. What prompted this letter was a remark he made to an older person who called a complaint of this type of radio brutality and tried to reason with the arangers, but was told by this obvious sick host, quoting, don't worry you old farts, you'll be in the ground soon and I'll still be on the radio. For your station and your advertisers and for yourself, please do something about this. Signed Joseph in West Palm Beach. Quite a letter. Joseph, who listened to for a few weeks after this, on toward episode that he had up there in that parking lot when he had inadvertently took some young people's space. So he was in the wrong. Now I don't know you Joseph, but I did read your letter and I can't assume that you're a douchebag rental fart, but I must say that your sense of humor on the scale of zero is minus infinity. And also I suggest next time you want to take somebody else's parking space. Think a second time. Okay, Joe. Cut the crap. 117 at WIO, day one talking about the past. Oh, I went out these men going to stop 30 to so desperately. And the large fucking answer, Penny, as long as they'll start, they'll sign in the sky. I'm still God and I tell her well. Funny minute, after one at WIO, day we have an opening in Broward if you move real fast now. Bet you be the first one to get in you watch. 524 WIO, day we got a mobile in Boko. Hello. Okay, good call. That's one of the things that they took back in Boko Man. What about your tubes, kids? You know, 35 cents a minute. What do you have to wait? Like two, three minutes? A buck. The best buck you probably ever spent. Probably a French Canadian calling from up there in Boko. Dear field on five, my five is like blank. It says here. My Emmy. Hello. Brow. Yes. Yes, I'm calling from the city of Miami. Mm-hmm. And I wanted to ask questions related to the big switch about for the TV station. Well, Tom isn't here anymore, dear. Well, maybe he's making something. Okay, I'll try my best. I have a special problem. A bit. My problem is that ever since the big switch, my reception on Channel 4 has gone to put. On a cable? No, I'm not on cable. Well, the one on the channel 4 signal is named different than it was before. I have adjusted my antenna on the rear. Trust me, dear. I get channel 4 is clear as a bell. Nothing changed. Nothing changed with the power with their signal. I think it changed was their network affiliation. So I think you must be hallucinating. Well, I would check out your antenna. Yeah. Something with the antenna. Have you got a rabbit ears? No, I've got an out-to-one antenna on my wrist. Well, I would have somebody check it out because there's nothing wrong with Channel 4 signal. Okay. Trust me. Okay. Twenty-two past one at WIO Day. We have an open line in Daytona, 751-9463. Steve has open phones this afternoon. Am I wrong? He's doing condos, part two. Yeah. Which I assume is about the thing with the nine-year-old girl Jamie, which is one of the, you know, he had a collar the other day, a couple of days ago. And I just almost drove off the road. This guy, well, you know, we all get these wacko collars. But this guy was so outrageous and he's saying, Steve, well, why should you be concerned about this? Doesn't any of your business? And who cares? You know, those people don't want that girl there. Why should anybody be concerned about it? I mean, here's a girl who's mother died of cancer. She's got no place to go. And the people she's living with, the relatives she's living with, can't afford, they can't sell a condo, and they certainly can't afford the rent or to buy another place to, you know, get rid of that one and get out from under that payment. She's not, she was on a show here. She's quiet and polite as could be. But they just are obsessed. That certain group of people over that place are obsessed with driving these people out. And one of the most disgusting things and one of them, that is such a perfect example. That's the epitome of what's wrong with this town. That's story. Epitomizes everything that's wrong with this town. Is that nasty? And this guy who writes me the letter, you know, who's such a maven on the program because he allegedly is listened for two weeks. If the shoe fits pal, where it? Okay? As I've said a million times, you always have to do this disclaimer. You can be 20 and be an old fart mentally. Okay? And we got some of those. And you can be 70 or 80 in being a living and breathing, decent person who cares about people. But unfortunately, we've only got a small minority of those. I'd say maybe 20, 30% of our so-called senior citizens behave like that. And another very large percentage of act like barbarians. And that story that's Steve has been doing a good job in covering with that little girl. That is just horrendous. That a group of people could be so without conscience. Well, I hate to tell that man, but that story was on page 3A. So there are some people making the national news. You bet with a picture. And so the old fart douchebag soft lord of syndrome is making national news. And it has on and off for a long time. The pomeranid family was on 60 minutes. Remember a few years ago? I had him on the ear. And it was a similar kind of story. They had a baby. They made the cardinal sin of having a baby. And even though the family that lived next door to them, and that development, these were single family houses, but in a development. And the family that lived next door, had a pet monkey. And what the people lived there basically said in paraphrase. And what they said, the monkey's okay, the baby's got to go. What was the complaint? It was a human baby. Oh, that was a thing. Oh, yeah. If it were to be a baby, bad boon, I guess it would have been okay. Like a bad boon in the box. Got a mobile in Bokie, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Joseph is a douchebag. Okay. And I've been calling these old-fart douchebags and anthals for many years before. Yeah, let me see, obviously, on the one who's influencing all the, if anybody out there is old enough to drive, then their attitudes aren't going to be shaped and molded by Neil Rogers, or anybody on a radio, they've developed those attitudes based on personal experience. Let me tell you how popular you are, though. Out of the ants, been a couple weeks ago, in a tavern with about 150 people there. I was playing a tape that used to me about a year ago. Unclubbed the headphones, started playing out loud. After joint starts singing along with the music, and I bet to happen the whole plate that heard and Neil Rogers had listened to him. And ask, but Neil, we're big out of time. We're gigantic out of huge. Yeah, in time we sucked about. Did you say it was a tape you got about a year ago? Yeah, it was when you were talking about an agent. You know, you're the first person, sir. I've ever spoken with, whoever received that tape. Oh, it's great tape. Well, he sent out about 2000, but you're the first person who's ever admitted that he got actually received it. See, it was worth waiting for. I said, don't you? I'll go ahead and you'll call. You made his ears. Yes, sir. On the cable business, I've been bokeh. Of course, bokeh has a cable network up here. Comcast. And now, we have a pretty loud, easy cable reception. So we call the technician to come out and check it out. We have a house that I had a pre-wired before the cable was even put in an neighborhood, a pretty large house. And all the cable comes into a junction box, and that's the place and goes to all the room. This guy comes down and cuts all the splices off, says we're all illegal, even though there's only a couple TVs in the house. And we have two of the boxes. So he cut about $500 worth of stuff out of the house before you knew what he was doing, just to say we were not supposed to be hooked up that way. Great. And then they tell us that we would have to pay $6 for each line that was spliced in per month, whether they had a TV on it or not. Nice people. Yep. A great day, pal. Bye. 127 at WID. I think we got the point across, right? I think the almost universal consensus is that the cable companies collectively suck, okay? And that's some maybe worse than others, but they have monopolies in their own little communities, and either take their service or you put up your roof antenna or your rabid ears. Or if you're real lucky, you put up your rotor antenna. Remember the days? Oh, I can remember. I lived in Marshall, Michigan, of all places many years ago. I hope this doesn't inspire any market. Also you get upset. But I had, because Marshall wasn't, we didn't have our own TV station. Another that comes as a shock, the amount of just a few thousand people. And I had a rotor antenna on the roof. Okay? And up to me, that was exciting. And I had a 23 inch, oh, I don't know, RCA, or Silvenia, at that time, a really expensive good color TV set, and boy, that was exciting. You know, stations for battle, creek and Kalamazoo. And once in a great while, one of those Detroit channels would skip in two, not really, but, and I never forget, those were the days when you would, you know, turn the rotor and try to pick up something in your head. It was kind of like watching channel six on certain, that real fuzzy, distant picture, you know, and just see like shadows. But it was so exciting, because you're actually in contact almost with civilization. Kind of like living here. Miami, hello. Yeah. Yeah. The feel? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. On time, listener first time, call her. I'll be damned. I live in Kilo, I go by the way. Well, good luck, yes, sir. And listen. This is, remember, life is, you know, not perfect. All right, take your advice to move down to Miami. Oh, you were in Miami before? All right. All right. You're heading in the right direction, pal. All right, nine more miles will be there. That's right. Fidel will have something waiting for you. Anyhow, do what I did. I had a Delphi a cable and I just quit like you did with the hell. Just say no. Send it back, turn it off. And have for no people do that. Then our ladies and gentlemen, we'll come down. I understand, but they're not going to do it. See, I would love to start a campaign like that. But first of all, maybe I'll do it another month when I've got my satellite this back up and got a kosher and approved and the permit and everything. And I've got that back because I would be delighted to give up the cable. Because I got a rabbit ears that I can pick up the local channels for what I need to see. And if you didn't really, if you want the network programs, they're up there on a satellite. Anyway, unscramble. I mean, anybody can pick those up. And a lot more clearly than you'll get them off the cable. But I'm just afraid that they're really, you know, everybody talks to a good game. But how many people really want to give it up? They don't want to go back to the days. And not only that, but most people, especially if they live in a fairly new residence, they don't have an antenna system. All they got is the cable. So they take it off. They got nothing. They got snow. Oh, and I quit is when they decided to charge us for public television. Channel two. How can they do that? I can't do that. They did it. Call them up. If you were receiving it, it was an additional charge because they took it off. If you had the box, they took it off on the box. So their idea was, well, this disconnect the cable and hook up to your regular antenna to get Channel two. Oh, that's great. That's ridiculous. The channel two has got some signal problems in some parts of town too. They don't have the best signal. But I figured that's public TV. Yeah, that's a positive long TV. So I said, well, basically they can do whatever the hell they want. Like Tom said, they just go ahead and do it. And the county just look the other way in, wink and... And they charge you $10 to return. If they take your box up, it's $10. And then if you bring it to them, they still charge you the $10. Get that when you return your box. $75. So I just gave it back to them to hell with them. I don't need them. And apparently they don't need them. Evidently. Okay. Well, we'll see what feedback we get. I'm a little nervous about that because I don't think most people would cancel. But you'd be surprised if things you can do. I got six kids now. And we got a TV. Yeah. Oh, hey, listen. I'm not suggesting that there's all that much great stuff on there. But when you've gone out and paid a lot of money for TVs and, you know, all the equipment that goes along with it. You just, uh, you want something to be on there. Well, the last call, if they could buy $500 lying out of my new house, I'd cut it hand off. Yeah. Probably state. All right. Okay. Good luck, sir. 131 at WI do. You got a bunch of nasty folks. Not nasty. I mean, certainly not nasty. They deserve to be hostile because they're getting screwed, royally, by the cable companies. And if there's anybody at Hollywood cable vision, listening as I speak right now, my mother gets the worst picture and has the worst service in the history of mankind. See, I told that story a week or two ago, but what great service I get because they got a note on my folder that says this is Neil Rogers and he's on a radio. And if he calls, you know, handle him with kid gloves and run out there and make sure everything is wonderful. So I'll say nice things about us. And I still don't, you know, right. I still think that continental cable, which formerly was American cable, sucks and blows. Okay. They really do horrendous. And all of, you know, some days I'll come on. I'll say, well, a picture quality's gotten a lot better. You've heard me say that. And then a couple of days later, if you wait long enough, it'll go, it'll deteriorate and get back to being crappy again. So I hesitate to give them too many compliments. Now, the weather channel yesterday for those who like to sit for hours watching the weather channel, I was fantastic. You know, nobody watches it for more than a couple of minutes at a time. And hop, some people never watch it at all. That one comes in crystal clear. 10 has its bad days. Okay, there are days when 10 on my cable is not so great. That's crazy. Does that make sense to you? My Emmy, hello. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Well, the show is pretty serious today. Pretty heavy. Well, we wanted tomorrow. We'll lighten up again. So, I don't know if my call is going to fit in. I mean, you're pretty serious for a guy you still live in. It's 132. I don't know what he was going to say, but I just, I had that tone in his voice. And I'm not, you know, I just not really ready for whatever it was. You can hit that off. But you can't even see your hand. I know. It's faster than I know. I don't know what he was coming up with. But I just, I just had a feeling that that voice sounded awfully familiar to me. Anyway, April, we're going to stand he by. She's got some incredible lifting and news headlines. You know what? We got probably a few drug deals and a couple of drug buzz and some hookers on a boulevard and a couple of murders. A few bodies in the Bayer Favourite. Just the usual one of the milkcraft that makes us a great world-class city like Calcutta. And it will come right back. Yeah. What is there to talk about? Now, don't go far with that. Yeah. Oh. That's my old wild man. What's there to talk about? What's there to talk about? A whole new world of talking to my old. WOLDI. I mentioned that. I said, are they still on the air? And he said, the air is here. Here's to the grapevine that they're still on the air. Oh, I'm glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, why? It's just a very, very good friend of his. Has let us down a garden path. Now, one of the, it's just basic. One of the things you don't do when you're in this business. You don't call on the air and promise something. And then don't deliver. Never. Now, you can make an explanation and say, for whatever the real I know it's coming. Yeah. Now, this is a very good friend of yours with whom you have this in Sessionless relationship. You know what's coming. And he called here and made nobody request it. Nobody beg. Nobody wanted anything. And he volunteered. And he teased it even promoted that he was going to be calling us. And he was going to give us this big expose. WOLD. Bye bye bye bye bye. Tell all. And then, of course, there was an unfortunate thing that occurred. And that was an excuse for a week because there were people who were upset. And let's, you know, rub salt in the wounds in the weekland fine. Now, another week and a half has gone by. And I have mentioned on the air on numerous occasions that I think we're being shined by your friend, Mr. Fowler. Well, as a matter of fact, I spoke to him. Really? That's a shock. That's a great honor. He was always saying on the air up there, by the way, when he isn't stealing our get by the way, his producer called Tom Jika the other day. Just after we announced time was going to be on here. What like Tom to call me Doug Young. Doug Young. Who used to be here? Just love my show. You can put all three fingers down here. But anyway, what was I saying before, interview this thing? Right now, I just mentioned that in Paul. Oh, I think you were going to hide a Doug. Hi, Doug. How you doing? I have a glad you're not here anymore, Doug. We're here glad you're not here. Don't say that. Doug is a great guy and Steve has got his arm down his throne. How do we tell him? He was arm pay. This Doug don't believe this. Well, look at the blue bun that. And one in the middle of her chest. I don't know. There's the other one. He's hiding the other one. But anyway, so what happened with our good friend Lee? Just put away the pictures there. Well, see how well he is. Yeah. Who said that? Was that Barbara Bush? Oh, no. Please, you make me lose my watch. This is lovely. That is that I didn't see now. There's no face on the body on the right there. But that's a great body. Is that not a great body? Yeah, I have impeccable taste. I mean, I really do. I really do. I'm starting to wonder if anything. Now trust me. It doesn't do anything for me. But I can. It look. We've been through this a million times. When you see someone or something that is physically attractive, even though the macho thing in the most males is, well, you know, you're not going to admit it. You know it. I can just. Just like an expert. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I see men that look attractive to me all the time. I think, you know, muscular. I can't. Oh, and a woman who called yesterday about the body building women. She was right. I don't. I don't get that at all. I wish I could. I don't. You can't. They are. They do look like. They don't look like. In fact, body building anything. Body building. Men are. I find them just absolute horrendous turnoff. The women are. You know, you can't explain these things. Why do you like Bernette said a blonde is taste is a. Oh, true. I'm sure. I'm sure. Bernette said. I like women with large breasts and the body. Those don't have breasts, but the legs. I mean, the legs are. I bet you're a lot of our animals, too. You notice how we've gotten away from the salient point here. But he would not. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. And then I. Inside the garden. People go to meters. Just take your hand. By the way, uh, Jika was asking, uh, did you me? Uh, your wife, Lori at a, um, promotion. You were doing a radio station. No. She called me on the air. You met her on the air. A call me. At first I'm ever closer to where you were. Probably on the airway. I wasn't. I was drooling. Actually, I was, I was want to make sure. I had just broken up with another woman who had been the love of my life. And I was kind of mowning about it on the air. She called up and followed here to consume me. And the rest is where your history is. Solling you ever since. Yes. Anyway, speaking of consoling, let's get back to this story. And you spoke with Lee just the other day and he said, I can only tell you what I know. Okay. And I'll be honest with you. He's not going to call. And I asked him. I asked him why and he was obscure in his answers. So I'm not exactly sure the why of it. But he did have a, I guess, a change of heart. Hmm. A change of heart. Now we're going to be getting together on Sunday. That a nice way of saying that he lied to the audience. That he thought it was a jitter. I think he had planned on doing it. No, we doesn't. Well, the light is neat. Just call us in the man. So to mess every morning at seven o'clock. He would never lie. He does not. Oh, my gosh. Like the times that jick and I caught him with the format changes. He would go on the air that afternoon or that morning and say, They're hallucinating and there's absolutely no changes. No. He would not lie outside. When they approach. Oh, outside the business. When they are going to be knocking. They approach me to go to work over there and thank God. It didn't work out because when we started talking money is when I stopped hearing from them. By the way, they denied that they ever offered me a job, which was another lie. But when he approached me, I said to him, What are these rumors about fifth Smith going to Orlando? Because somebody had called on the air or Tom or somebody. Right. Absolutely untrue. And she went up there to visit somebody and she filled in for one day. Boba Bond isn't it? And like two weeks later, there she was on the air in Orlando. I mean, when Lee tells you something at a business. Is untrue. You can go to the bank. But sure, then you're bet again, Syracuse the other day. You're on LSU even more certain than that would be to bet that Lee was being the Tribune. He's being on the highway. Because you understand what a person is a program director and operations manager. Part of their job is taking the way. They can be a face of it. They can be a face of it. They don't have to outright lie about it. Well, if they're a face, it's like saying, yes. No, it's not. They can just say, I don't know anything about it. Well, that's a lie if they do. Right. I mean, a lie is a lie. That's a lie. Well, it depends on the degree of relief. I mean, Lee lies directly. That is true. When he lies boy, he doesn't go. When he didn't do a bad one, a little white one, he does a big lie when he does it. But off the air, he does not lie. He's a man of tremendous concern. I'm sure. And I wrote this. Yes, I'm telling you. I know this man very well. And he does not lie off the air. Just tell. Well, very well. He's like one of my best friends. What do you think, Lee? What do you think, Lee? You don't have to use the phone just drop on that. He would open a window. I am going to see him this Sunday. I'm going to find out the reason and I will report that. Well, it didn't strike you bizarre that he had come on here and spontaneous. I was going forward so that my world and he volunteered. I think somebody got to him. I thought, no, that is the possibility from WOLD. Probably give him a call. It said, look, you know, if you want a good reference in the future, or if you're fighting your life or something, what are the testicles of the tentacles of management over there? Go way out. Yeah. I think he's correct. See Lee knows too much. Lee knows every skillet in the WOLD. What a call. And that closet. He knows in the inside. Wow. Every. So I saw this to Lone here. This goes back 15 minutes. You're a question about what you missed about radio. We talked the sunny called in. He asked me to do. He said, okay, I don't know. Did he get who was part of the problem here with management over there that he came on your show? No, no, no, no, no. He was there been trying for months of an hour of the squeeze him out. You know how that is. You're doing real well, but they don't want you to pay you too much money and they, that kind of stuff. I can relate to it. Unbelievable. So they squeezed him out. And not only that. Now they're going to try time had an article about it in the paper this morning. They're going to try to enforce a one year non-compete. Not only are they saying that right. Not only are they saying that he quit, which he denies doing. And he's a turnies involved. We can't say too much. But now they're going to say, well, you got a one year non-compete in the market. So good luck to you. You're going to have to leave. You're going to have to leave. I've never stand up in court. Now how long did you have to sit out three months? Three months. And they paid you. They had a pay. Right. No, not the three months that I said. No, no, no. They didn't pay me. It was nice. I like those three months. I like those three months. And the cadre gives you nice vacation. But I think that three months is about as long as my memory is correct that the courts in this state will uphold a non-compete. No matter what it says in there, if it says a year five years, because it's a right to work state. Sure. And I think basically the three months is about as long as they'll go. So I don't think you'll have a problem. So what did Tom say about radio? And it's the whole board. It's not long. What is going on? The book will be out. We are going on. So I'm wondering why you didn't have to come on on next Wednesday if the book him at that would have been kind of for maybe I'll have him back. Because you did those great. Well, the primary purpose today, I figured now maybe we were wrong. And maybe we would let, you know, you book the guest. But my feeling was that with all the channel changes and everything, it was cable and all the different bizarre stuff going on. And it would be appropriate today to answer everybody's question. And the amazing part of it is most of the conversation was about cable and satellite digital and I don't know what heard that. The people aren't nearly as confused about the channel changes as the TV stations think they are. Okay. I mean, it's not that hard. You know, you flip around a couple of spots. I mean, if you're stupid to begin with, if you're not stupid, you should know by now where to find it to begin with. But if you're really dumb, you flip around a couple of channels and you'll find whatever they're looking for. See, I know related that too much because I don't want you to let a TV. I want to watch a lot of movies on the page channels. Right. And that's about it. Now, are you doing a show of movies next week? Are you certain? Yeah. We are having to follow Eric Bogosian on who is the star of the new film Talkshad that's opening next week. And we're going to do two hours with him. And talking about Talkshad and then two hours on Rainman, which I thought would be interesting. And Roger Hurlbord will be here and I ran into Jack Sterry, and he will be there too, I believe. Oh. Because we were going to ask you whether you would like to be a poster, but it seems like you've already got a... You know, something I was going to... Wait a minute. Let's slow down just a bit. That's what I'm going to... We ought to be able to get 15 minutes out of this. That was an incredible respomid. It was like a throw away. Now, you were in here yesterday attacking poor Mr. Sterry. Right? No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Absolutely not. I said that I was... Am I hallucinating against you? I'm not going to get around power. No, no. No, no. I'm not going to get around power. No, no. No, no. I'm not going to get around power. I must set the record straight, because, well, Jack does not listen to the show. He has lots of friends that do it in attack. Am I just... He does. I just said that I didn't think he was coming on, because there was some coming on. Come on. He was sharing. And he... He was almost he coming on. I... I'm coming on the show. I see. And I was just hoping that it wasn't because he was upset with the movie. He was called Talk Radio. What did he call it? Talk... Talk radio. Talk to you. Talk radio. You talk politics... It had the same thing. He's not upset at me. And his niell that set all the things that he's upset about, but it's me... ...is mad at me. I've never said anything about Jack's in the show. Oh, no, never. But... It doesn't have a sense of humor. Even the people over there are the weekly news. Yeah, like the Beatles. It's coming around, because he just is overly sensitive and... Riddick Dick's left. It may be sensitive. But, there were... One of the basic reasons that I have Jack... other than the fact that I like him very much. He's talking about the computer. I mean, I think not on the air. He doesn't have a sense of humor. He's terrible. He probably would have a great show if you would keep him all. But again, far beyond from me. Think about time for his movies. We're going to know. We're just going to talk about it. Well, they're going to do. Oh, that's right. Well, then, actually, that's why he would not take a pair of fights. He would have you either. He's just going to take a deep conversation. You've got to see this film talk ready. We'll have a lot to talk about when you see it. Because it's all of the things that you say about the audience and stuff like that. It's all in this film. You know, I mean, this guy had a, so you thought it was good. I thought you said it was bad. Good is not the word. It was more big and more good and just incredibly upsetting and traumatic. And this host was a real scumbag. I mean, just a really, you know, like people say I am, but I'm not really, I mean, just this vicious thing. I'm like people say I am. Yeah, both of us, really. I heard that one book that I heard yesterday. Well, he is so chronic. The one that said the Jeff Charles would have been a much better child. I believe in right, who couldn't buy a job if his life depended on it, who filled in for Steve for three days, which turned into one day wasn't. Two days. Two days. And they uninvited him on the third day because they had so many complaints and what he was doing was in such poor taste and such growth test. But a much superior lead in. Yeah, I'm not a question. Yeah, absolutely. I'm not going to have a guy who's going to get dumped off the air after two days. But you've got to say it was so morbid and so horrible and so disgusting that, and in fact, I'm going to talk about a little bit on the air today. I wonder if I'm, you know, I kept saying, when you come on the air, she said that maybe she said I'm that way and I've got to try to figure out when you come on the air and you're doing a thing. And like this is guilty of this too. Although like this has got some other talent. I think he's overrated, but he works for this company. So I've got to say he's got some talent. But you come on here and you do things that are so obviously, I don't want to use the word contribe because we joke about your contribe debates. But I mean, just opinions that are contribe. Like, well, a flag sucks. Let's burn a flag. You know, and stuff that is just a funny woman that are married that don't work a horse. Yeah, prostitutes. Just designed to shock the audience and to try to get some response. You know, it's like that old buck Henry thing that he did on Saturday night live. What he played, you know, the talk show host, you know, getting a call. Right. And he's panicked with the phone. He said, okay, let's talk about beating the puppy. Right. Murdering babies. And it's still in the finally got to call it was a wrong thing. I just never thought that a devil Jeff Charles reminds me of it. No, that's the same kind of thing. And like I used to do that too about hating the flag and literally finding your mother and love like these. There is a difference though. With Charles, he really believes that Jeff is in that. But it doesn't come across that way. No, it's a great way. Very contribe. It's just really scary. Yeah, I'd like to believe it was confirmed. But he'd be a hell of a lead in. And I'd be ever, now who's seen it on that Allen Burke? I heard that one too. I got news for you. If you write it to Mont Palo Martellan. You couldn't find Allen's numbers. OK, that's the kind of number she had. But the dean is a friend of W.I.E. He's where he's got a job. No, we don't have to say it all. No, he's got a whole time job in her. And I'm sure that all the E90 year old plus folks are delighted to have some me to speak to now. I can't just talk to Dr. Bernard Meltzer forever. Oh, God. Dean is a nice man. He is a pussy cat. He really is totally now. There's another guy, totally different off the year than he is on here. What I'm on the year, nobody else needs to be on the year. Yeah. That's Sharon's going to get upset. You're making fun of her dean. Yeah, that's true. She loves him. She does not. You know what he's doing about this? You want to hear the great part about this show? Where you walking in the hallway? She talks show host. In this particular movie is having an affair with his female producer. You know? Interesting. And what are you trying to tell us? That was the thing that upset Sharon the most when she saw the film. She's only having an affair. Is there some kind of an announcement that's coming here? No. No. No. Sharon, I heard her. Sharon's is cute as a bug. She's terrific. And every guest that comes in here, he lives on a boat. He tries to seduce her and is in love with her and comes from the wrestlers to Mr. X. Everybody is trying to get inside her pants. But she and I just weren't. Mr. X is trying to get you. I would like to. Oh, that's not grilled. She's right there. She's real about it. She's got her finger down her throat to her arm pit. Now that's the making that up. No, I'm not making that up. She's making gagging. Oh, yeah. There she goes. Your tongue is down to worry. Well, just wait. See a meat, Mr. X. Oh, there goes breakfast. Ha ha ha. No, I'm cancel love with it. They're all in love with her. The wrestlers that I brought in are totally blanched. 152 at W.I.O.D. Can we talk about the melting pot for a moment or two? Because you will. Well, I'll be damned, brothers. It's 156 already. Shall we take one more call? One more. Well, some coral springs. It's got to be great. Hello. Yeah, hi, Leo. Like I told you. It's a great call, right? Yeah, great call. What do you want to think? From a great American. Great American. Actually, I'm not American. I'm a Canadian. Well, that's all right. I knew it was coming. Now, but now, wait a minute. You don't sound like a Canadian. I've been here 10 years. You know, what's going on? When did you get out of Canada? I left there when I was 13. OK. Yeah. Right. You've had a chance to live here for 10 years and really get depressed. Yeah. I know. I learned to drive down here too so you really can't make that much fun. I mean, anyway, I got to talk to the birth for a second. I did. And I wanted to call you yesterday. I didn't get through. It was about big rest at Oriental women's. Yeah. OK. If there is one her name is Kim. She lives in Pompano. Really? This is the finest girl you ever saw. Shearing. Yeah. In fact, anyone who wants to see her. Now, wait a minute. What does she do to she do something professionally? No, she doesn't do anything professionally, but 9 out of 10. Wait a minute. What do me Kim is part of American? That's when they got you know Kim. Is she part of American? Is she assuming that? No, she's not part of American. OK, she's full Oriental. Oriental, yeah. 9 out of 10 times, you can see her at summers on the weekend. Uh huh. And this is how I knatter. She is. I thought I just passed that. Now, you have like a passing a relationship with her or is it? I just met her. I thought it's what she should contest actually. Oh, yeah. That probably gave you some pretty good insight. Yeah. Good insight on that. Anyway. Yeah. And I've never heard of such a thing. That was the first one. I guarantee you they're going to be crowded as hell as a weekend. You can be witnessed for yourself. Alright. Alright. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I'm so glad you took one more night. I was going to be a real readable. That was fantastic. Sure. And we not only found our full-breasted Oriental young lady, but we actually even have like zeroed in on her. Yeah. And so it's possible. I didn't think it was possible. You're going to be over there this weekend to check it out. Impossible. But let me just say that we weren't that was not a complaint yesterday. It was just an observation. Oh, yeah. We're not complaining. Oh, in fact far from it. I'm going to say it again. The idea of this notion that people have to have gigantic anything kind of organs or mammaries or whatever. Right. Is ridiculous. In fact, if they're too big, it becomes a turn off. I think the most people. Now, there are some people got a fetish and they could never be too big. They could be a woman could have watermelon. They could have a baby. Fine. Or a guy could be walking around with a fire hose. And they're just there. Some people out there that are with that. But you know what they say? Different strokes. Is that what they say? Well, however that goes. Okay. Well, so that's going to do it for today. Again, we take Tom Jekko for a episode. And Steve is going to be coming along next to, what did he say was going to do? Mop up the mess or something. What did he say? Now, I'm looking forward to stuff on the floor. Because he and Zagaki have been feuding about the coal slong. And he's got an open phone today. No, I understand him. But didn't he give us a hint or am I? I guess I'm dreaming. Okay. I'm going to be hallucinating now. I was all that talk about Lee Fowler. That gets me just while I think Lee, you all as an explanation. Not an apology because you're certainly entitled to change your mind. But I think that you always at least even if you make it up. Even if you lie through your teeth. You're deadly. It's just unbecoming to a man of your talents and your notoriety and the tremendous. He's gotten more notoriety just calling in on this show. That's why you know, again, it's just an open invitation. We'll be waiting with baited breath for tomorrow. We have something unusual, a mile for open hours. Really? Very rare on his shows. So, Lee, we'll keep that line eight. I know that's also unusual. It might be open from time to time. We'll try to keep it open for you as much as possible. And I know the whole audience will be holding their collective breath. Have a great day. Stay tuned for Steve. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10. Here on 610, WIO Day. Thank you.