You have this in writing? No, he called me yesterday. His guest called me. Now I want you to rest assured for the rest of the week everything's going to be under from control here. We have a memo from Gary Bruce, boy Gary the program director who's going to be absent again. By the way, is there anybody listening in day to the show? I don't want to get touchy, but I noticed that all the day lines are open. You don't have to speak to us, but it would be very reassuring because even the Palm Beach lines are both lit and Broward has been very quick to get involved in the show today, but they did nothing. I guess they're just shocked. And Dave County by the announcement of the death of the bird. Either that and they're out having some Santa Reo rituals right at the same. Oh, there they go. Okay, that's enough. You don't have to stay on hold just so that was good. Boy Gary will be in New Orleans September 13th through 16th for the NAB programmers conference. It says if you have any scheduling problems, contact Nick Lawrence. Really? So evidently Nick is going to be in charge of the building the rest of the week. Come for it to know that will be in good hands. The rest of the week. Boy, it ought to be some kind of luckily. We'll be out of the building tomorrow. Yeah, we'll be over there at specs. So shame because I'd like to be here with Nick kind of running things and orchestrating everything. And there will be several vultures on top of the marquee in front of the WODGTR building, but that's just Nick's personality. Anyway, did you see this on one of those programming sheets or did you find the sounds of the grapevine? He called me. The person called me. This is from the horses mound. Bill, up, costford, left two messages. Mr. I can't be on your show because the Harold won't let me do it. Mr. No guts. That's right. And isn't it amazing? Almost all of Steve's guests come on the show. At two, right? Probably explains that big two to three hour. But today for some strange reason for like, I don't want to be embarrassed and have to encounter YouTube people who I've shined for about two years now. Mr. Cosford's coming at a 4 p.m. Which I find absolutely shocking. What is that? Oh. It's my insurance. Oh. Well, we don't have time for that during the show, Gail. I was very kind of you to bring that in. But we don't. We're doing a big time radio show here. We don't have time for all this ishazorai, okay? Exactly. Get your stuff together over there. So, Mr. Cosford's coming in at 4 today. Now does anybody in the audience think that there's a coincidence between the fact that this man cannot look eye to eye either one of us because he shined us for so long. And given us this cowardly cock-a-mimi story about how the Harold won't let any of their people come on the neorajushill. We haven't had a guest on this show in ages. The cape. Ages. The cape and was the last guest we had. No, no, I mean, it's his direction. Now the editorial board probably voted to let Cosford have a show and to keep an overruled them saying it's in the best interest of the Harold and a community not to let Bill Cosford come on this controversial notorious program. Right? They won't. They won't want. They know Harold and Freud is I understand it from what Cosford has said to me. From what he has said is allowed to come on this radio station and this time period. Any other time period is what about if he brought back Paul Lyle? Then it would be fine. Okay. That's the answer. Great. So we just mentioned that in those of you who are Steve King groupies out there, what are they going to be talking about? The price of Hall of On Saudi Arabia? I don't know. If you get a chance to call Mr. Cosford this afternoon on the cane show, you might want to ask him politely why he doesn't have the guts to come on this show. Because he was our guest. Was it any? Yeah. For a long, a one-time. For a very long time. And then he made up this ridiculous story about how the Harold won't allow him to come on this show. That's because of your battle a couple years ago. I battle when we had all those people just say no to the Harold. That's fine. Well, that's really your shame. I don't think the show can probably continue in that Mr. Cosford. Anyway, Bill Calder, now he really said you are pleased, back. Number two, he said in describing you, he said if you took a big pot, put it on the stove, re-stound the sides, filled it with water and true in a rat. He said that would be you. Now, I'm not making this up. That will, I'm putting him verbatim. I'm not even paraphrasing. I'm making sure to poke directly so I don't have any problems. What is his problem? He hates your cut. Why is he thinks you are a just up? Just doing. In a recent, obthice of poop is what he thinks you are. I think you're just obnoxious and disgusting and a butt-looking fool and he heard your comment yesterday about when I was looking for his numbers and the trends and I couldn't find them and he's off. I better not say anything. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Drawing that. What you are doing with me about us? Don't attack the messenger. I'm just giving you the message. If I say anything I get ripped, if I don't get in, all the day lives went out again. That's the way it is. If I don't say anything, I'm ripped. Is there some kind of like a foreign festival going on a day today? That's probably why cost for it's going to be on here. It's another one of those foreign movie festivals. Like Bridget does Belgium or something like that? I'm very upset. Yeah, you're not. I'm not. Yes, I am. Because next thing you'll be attacking Lester again. I didn't know Lester would be injured. The first time I did this time came the first time. Oh, now you're going to get into this thing about who started it. Isn't that kind of juvenile? I didn't say anything about that. I didn't say anything about that. All I want to say publicly is I like Bill Callner. I've listened to Bill Callner for years. I have never said anything negative about him on the air or off the air. It's all I want to say. And I don't know what is probably. It's right. And that's his problem. It is. That's his problem. Because it is not reciprocated. Yeah. We'll see. Something's gone here. But as of September 12th, it's not. In other words, you've had a holding off on there. Okay. Well, I don't want to make a big to do a fun. I don't know what is problem is because I have no problem with him. Then I had this incredible experience with my bank. Well, they don't even know about it and they won't because they've somehow, I tell you about it. It's amazing. But I bought my new car on Sunday. Okay. And I wrote out a check because I had to put down, you know, how you get in these upside down.