shame but there's no going back to that kind of thing no so the meds suck yes I'm really disappointed while I'm glad I know you I'm gonna send you did you see the sun sent me all today there's a little article about juboxes I'm gonna send you the thing on the facts it's got the top 25 jubox 45s of all time Well that's great that sounds like something could kill a good 15 20 minutes with well Rogers got a right here's matter facts you don't have to send it okay Roger just pulled it out of the waste basket It's pretty interesting it's a real much the real Mishmass of different kinds yeah we can play them all here. Yeah that's why I was gonna send it to you What a good way to kill the next the two hours and 44 minutes Well you play good music so I won't be disappointed Well you answer me a question once wrong with these people here what is there's story? Well I don't know because you know I've been talking to some people are you ready for the hurricane They're like what hurricane you know it's like the oblivious. No, they're talking about football season. Oh well I'm in Gabrielle She's gonna win today. Yeah She's playing tennis Right well and then I just wanted to say I'm so glad you back because last week was like Total it was like a break in continuity it was strange Yeah, well I'm talking to these people have made me feel so welcome back today It's just there are no words to describe it I'll tell you if you they get that guy for lunch I don't know why he's got indigestion Okay, have a great day Yeah, okay, we're doing screenless today. We've got three open lines on a screenless which really should give you a real good Indication this is a tough time Remember what I said during the summer about after labor day. Oh, yeah, then everybody will be coming back and we'll go back to rare More have these days when people you know have to be big to call in and things are really get back to usual and they are couple the top 25 jukebox singles of all time number one Well, wait a minute. Yeah, you know words Friend when you need them. Very super Dave. Have you ever heard of his thing what did I call it? Rimsha I don't like saying Real nervous rubble We'll save it for later 1118 a W I do what we don't want to use all the good stuff here in the first hour Let's say that's the later when we do In fact, we're nearly left the birthdays for tomorrow I think we're gonna use those at the end of the show today. Why not? I mean anything that'll kill some time today We're doing screenless and we got three lines not ringing on screenless. I'll tell you how bad it is in time They even the cranks don't want to call today. That's our better. That's her after the Labor Day weekend brutal day Boca The bird and Alex Bennett made our aunt Ellen Charlie Maddox He's talented. See what I mean good calls in Boca Who's who was doing Alice and she ordered that I forgot somehow I just didn't wander over there again Oh, let's see was tearing very many yesterday We heard and I forgot about him to explain I some reason stations then told him my brain This is a good see I'll stop with it. Oh, it is a great Okay, time to talk about Arnold's now. Let's do the break early while Nick is the lost somewhere in the building Well, I tell you one thing he must have something going on on the side because he's last two days He's been out of that room far more than he's been in number Every yesterday he got locked out of the building Restorey True story. What did he go outside for? The CFC was guess we're here. Oh, yeah, and he got locked out of the building and I'm sitting here I'm saying where what happened? I mean he usually goes out for a minute and fat rich had to go let him back in the building It's true and I just want to mention that fat rich isn't here today. He's busy putting together his Wild news letter I What he pages is the antanus letter 17 pages in full color Take color and boy I'll tell you He's become like a legend. It's on my hand. He's just not of his gourd by the way. Where's the food? He needs a lot to come into the day and I don't want to overdo it. I just want you I just can't go nuts. I might have a little something because this audience is just Bragging on my nerves Speaking of food Arnold was here yesterday in case you were busy like doing living and breathing things on a holiday like most real people do And you didn't get a chance to hear the show yesterday Wayne Arnold bless his heart. He and his lovely wife came by With lunch from Arnold's Royal Castle the only Royal Castle and soft-blooded the only one left So if you yearn for those great days of yesterday When you used to go in there and watch them slap those little things on the grill with the onions and all the Good stuff and you can still get it right now just the way it was years ago at Arnold's Royal Castle And 125th and Northwest 7th Avenue North Miami just like a stone throw off i95 So even if you're at Broward or way down in yenms built out in south day you can get up there and back in no time at all and while you're in the car You can just gorge yourself on those great little Arnold's Royal Castle burgers or those Nelly Neely burgers Those great little bacon cheese burgers and don't forget to get a great breakfast too They sure breakfast 24 hours a day and to that BLT is a great sandwich What's that? Why it's not just an ordinary BLT it is something really great like everything they have at Arnold's Royal Castle The one and only left in southport and don't forget that great birch beer and the frosted mug waiting for you too And the great news is just like yesterday on Labor Day They never closed every day of the year round the clock 24 hours a day They're waiting to serve you those great Royal Castle burgers and all the other goodies to it Arnold's Royal Castle 12490 north west seventh happened to write off i95 Reneri here for discovery one. We're gonna do club micotsie now we've crused We've crused on discovery a bunch of times we've done shows from there But this is the first official club micotsie on discovery one. They have a lavish breakfast buffet A full lunch buffet. They're gonna do ice carving. They're gonna do vegetable carving We may even carve up some of the patrons We've got napkin folding Gonna have cooking classes during the cruise the Caribbean lounge to be in full swing You can board at 7.45 in the morning It promises to be a great time We'll be shooting a little trap off the fan tail which is always fun hang out at micies at sea Which is one deck below the pool deck on discovery one now the number to call if you want to join us And I sure hope you can It's 525 7800 in south Florida or 1 800 2 26 7800 Anywhere in the state of Florida this momentous event club micotsie is going to happen on september the 7 on discovery one You will have fun or else 22 past 11 a WIT look at that phone. We're doing screenless even that isn't helping to then nothing There is nothing that we can do to turn this into a show. Well, don't say we didn't try You know what this is no clue it's a sound effect CD There are 65 sound effects on each disk and I think we've got like 10 of them Now if this can't kill two hours and 37 minutes then nothing can okay Did you like it that was a woman coughing was that what that was not to be confused with cut number six Which is a man talking No a woman sneeze oh This one they must have they must have recorded this off a Steve show a couple of weeks ago Friday What's that called Woman sign she's watching the Joey Reynolds show no doubt That's good boy Whoa Now this is off CD lady. Yeah, and it says it has something to do with K.O.Pecta is not what you think it is Oh yeah, they like the clarity Hmm Okay, so for everybody this isn't gonna get to see jazel for nanders do the news today I think this is a CPR course And of course for those who have already seen the first half of the Joey Reynolds show today The one is that called But they're that kind of a Get a man Belching oh my oh Geez good Oh, this a good cut this will upset a lot of people in town. Oh, well, that last guy. Oh, you're laughing. Oh, yeah, they don't like that Man like that and the best one this was recorded in boy Gary's office Wow, giving no meaning to the expression he didn't know whether to scream or eat a banana Oh All right, he's good. There's your more entertainment and the call is very much and we got a lot more of them than we do calls I'll tell you that so well, it's sure nice to be back in town. We're really oh here's a good one too. This is excellent Just a second now Oh Lord and in of course for Phil when he calls in next time we took a horse at or when he just calls in to bug us Back to be his introduction Isn't that great it is Oh So we'll continue with some more of these in just a second It's 26 pounds 11 a WIT. Look at that now they're all starting to light up on that phone We're gonna do screenless today, but even that doesn't seem to be working so we've tried it all We've pulled all the tricks out of the bag We've done everything that we know how to do any distant one any part of it so call up steet Tell them he's got to come in early today to make up for yesterday. Oh, okay like it about 11 30 See there's anything else good on here. There's a pig squeal. Oh anybody go for that any green acre spans I'm a And then for the Bill wise fans both of them who are left in South Florida Oh, that's not a good deal of that. That's a boy Harry's new us sibling in Mary This is 11 Joe Lemon 20 seven past 11 at Wild let's show we punch some of these up or not. I don't really care I would ever Make everybody happy I'm more than willing to go along with today got my paycheck and I don't really give a damn about anything Okay, and if I reach his busy making a phone calls over Guess what rich it's just a joke Mark my words. He's gonna call on that bat line any second is that him? Is this bill It's one of his personal law he's doing some business in there Nick a bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Well two things number one Right, I have to say it. Sonic no, no, no, chronic no chronic I knew I have a call to you in six or eight months Okay, that show yesterday was probably the most hitty of show I ever heard my life with Steve yesterday after Yeah, well, I wouldn't be so bad, but he keeps doing that same show like every other day It seems to be between that and that's replace the abortion shows now is let's kill all the homosexuals Well, maybe if he quit doing those kind of shows you wouldn't have to have therapy Come on. I don't start picking on Steve. I mean, there's a lot of truth in what you say, but you know The other thing is I want to talk you I was listening to you Why is I'm therapy don't you understand? I guess as well it would be empty without it no question about it But that's sad itself, but the other thing we're talking about you we you were talking baseball about a week ago Monday Cyber and You made a comment somebody talked you about the royals and you made a comment that you didn't think the royals were much of a baseball team I don't I know they're closing in there. I don't I don't like them. They just don't show me them Well, I mean what you said they had a bunch of nobody's on the team. He said it's George Brent well you got You don't think you barely don't like Bo Jackson and Bo Jackson is so overrated that I'm embarrassed Okay, well, they made such a to do about him and it all star game. You think what what is he really done? Okay, what is he really gone to make him a superstar? Well, and you know the only thing I can tell you is that in a in a recent survey of all the man here We go in a survey of all the managers in major league baseball Yeah, but he was either number one or number two on other less than who they would choose even Don's ever said that he was number one or number two on who he would choose to start up a franchise Wallace and accurate and You know highly overrated He's all right He's an outstanding ball player. It's not that good of a ball club. I'm not saying they're bad But I don't consider them to be a great ball club. I think they're I think they're a real good There's only one team in the majors with more wins and they have and that's Oakland and they're what does that mean? He's a damn good team everything is relative. Okay. Look who they're playing What do you mean where can league is so weak and not only that for the American League schedule this year You realize that in this last month that they're still doing inter-dovigional for example the Orioles We're playing the white stocks over the weekend and now who the hell did they play last night? Well, I think you know they're playing in the division now, but they still got a lot of inter-dovigian games left And it's all screwed up. It's a mess. I'll try to the giant from the clubs Who are some good teams of the national league? Who are some good teams? What's wrong with Montreal? What's wrong with the cardinals? And what's wrong with Houston? Montreal makes the tidy boom man looks like you like what like he's at the top top top top There's no question about it. I'm sure that Kansas City wouldn't like to have lunch in the ordennus martinis or Tim Burke or Roddy Scott or Raga or Tim Marines I'm sure that Kansas City wouldn't want any of those guys. I think they'd want lunch and that by the same virtue Don't you think the clubs would love to have Saber Haygyn or Gordon? Hey, at this point the cops would like to have anybody who could stand up and get the ball to the plate, okay? Okay, they'd like to have Denima claim at this point Yeah, I don't think the Royals are fine teams They're good, they should be underestimated them, but end-camplan still knows nothing about baseball Boy, a chaplain knows nothing about anything Well, that's true. That's that was my point. I don't have any extra grind with the royals I just think get a chaplain knows nothing about sports So what can you say is a mid-fan? Oh, well, there goes You know, I hope you enjoyed the game last night I hope I hope the cuts hold on and I hope Who the hell are they gonna pitch tonight now this end Steve Wilson's gonna pitch tonight? He can't get anybody out I heard Audrey Dawson well, there you go, at least he's got a good arm. That's right. Okay, okay, okay? What the hell would you get an all-in-bworld about this just a ball game, right? It would be like arguing about the tennis Just a tennis match exactly like honors. What does he get so upset in his steracle abound? That idiot Mac and roll. What does he get all worked up about? Just a thick and tennis match Money 200 years from now who's gonna know the difference that's that's a match. He's short on cash Yeah, I think of that where it helps my check on Sweet where the hell the denim bird go haven't seen them since you what a jerk ask Go about 1132 a WID we're doing scream us and we can't buy a calling Palm Beach County No, seriously, there is nothing going on today. This is the word is this the way it's gonna be from Malibu No, no, this they this particular day Labor day. This is a brutal Really tough day is it really Play this gentleman out on work release now or what what did they just do let him out? Can't believe it look at that he looks like an ax murder with a suit on Anyway, let's talk about the melting pot right now. Well, I'm telling you you want to get away from all the grief and all the Traveils of the world just head for the melting pot tonight and sit there and have that incredible Cheese appetizer and nice chef salad just drowning in that honey mustard dressing and a great on tray of either beef or chicken or seafood or combination array of the great new on trays like the teriyaki sulloin or the filet minion fund do and then of course Top it all off with one of those chocolate desserts That you dip all your good food into who you can say that here on the air without somebody getting his Dirk and governing himself accordingly and you're just gonna have a hell of a time the melting pot Don't be fooled by the inventators there's only one melting pot chain and there are two great locations waiting to serve you right now in Stoppford and South Miami, 9835 sunset drive and cruel springs on West sample roadway next to the pizza hot just east of Pine Island well, what a great idea good way to start off the post Holiday depression by getting yourself out of that depressing frame of mind and cheering everybody in the gang up with a great evening at the melting pot That's a good idea. I said we got not there was this man standing in a window and we get all kinds of Schleppers that they bring in at stand in the window there and most of my work really so I had no idea who you I've never seen you I paid 50 cents to take that tour I looked in the window to see what you looked like and let me tell you something Was it yeah, oh, they are what's the person right? That's correct. Yeah, well listen bring the mirror and share a way because in Bruce Lee Bruce Marrow is here, but what I was a little tiny kid. Oh, no, we're gonna go. I was listening to W ABC and you're when I was like in diapers And you and the Joey Reynolds was in Buffalo at that time. I don't want to pick on Joey because he's got that big hot TV Joe, I'm so I'm so happy for Joey come on exactly You have you a lot of talent, but I'm happy for you. Have a show to go right here. Yeah, and No clothes on his matter. Did you see yesterday he came on with almost no Oh, I love joy. I'm through the thrill that he's good. Yeah, that he's finally got a job and then of course He blames me for driving him off mornings on chic as I kicked his ass for real bad And it was embarrassing, but the Joey's an easy good guy I'm very glad to me. Oh Joey though. I really personally What do you mean you're glad to hear? I'm going to hear the hell of my I'm so little buddy who was I love you. Come on. Stop playing with it. You're gonna tuck seat over here You could have 20 feet up Don't be that you fool us. How's got me on you see really only two feet tall? God's dough is very strange Well, I tell you we could share rich star stories can we? For Rick came down and screwed up a whole bunch of stations down here was great. He's a hell of a guy I think that's what it controls it's both exactly man. He came down to Zeta and look at they got what about a point three now Since he came in is incredible He's the only thing I do the only bad thing about WABC You guys didn't have enough production that was the only problem I don't have three for yeah, not enough reverb not enough production We didn't have that we were making the bugs were very struggling stage. Yeah, sir, and the Charlie Greer and the herb Oscar and it's about these are memories from like ages You look like a young guy. What did you start about 10 doesn't he look good? Not as man. What is he trying to do? No, I'm serious. You know what you were happy guys? Seriously, no, don't please be serious from moment what is that? What is that? Who is this? This is a blood horror World night and yellow, which one is this? So what do you want to motivate you a patient now? What you are happy guy? You got it Let's just let's go go. I wish I did have it, but that's another story. What else? Hell, oh hell. Oh Oh, geez. What is he on with that Gary knowledge something on it? The bomb that you were saying you look so bad They did what I say. What are you working now? What are you doing? I'm doing cruise in America, which is a network show You're cruising America? Yes, sir. I think I'm not a police or a me out there and I'm on a tour now The tankerly rocket rolled time capsule asking what that is what is it? But we're commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Beatles At the British invasion to music music to me. Are the United States incredible? We're going to be damaged. Right anybody in the business that's still working. It can't be all bad, right? That's why if you're good. Isn't it the brutal business business? Killer man look at all the people who've been just decimated and look at this just it on our cousin Brucey being here today We have a laundry from pizza loft Jeff you really know how to do it. Yeah, what do you have on the people? What are you doing down here by the way? I'm doing media. I just was interviewed on the stage Wait a minute. You got a book. What is she doing the book? The least we can do is plug the man Well, I just want to I really want to see what you didn't. What do you mean what I look like? I mean, I'm not Yeah, I am getting pretty old in fact since you came in. I mean, I'm rapidly. I'll tell you that But at least we get fed well. I'll say is that yeah, isn't this great? Who's that smoke? This goes down every day now. You know why I'm such a fat slob it's just impossible to lose the way Oh, this is so good. It's incredible brings in so does this guy look at you know cousin Brucey Do you know cousin Brucey how do you do he's too young to know you though? How do you know? Not from New York. Oh, we we have people all over the country. You know this music I play is multi-generation Everyone listens to it all ages All ages yeah, we look really not the age from down here. They don't listen to it. Oh, you stay I don't you can't have all my cousins listening right now. We're in more in century village We have cousin Brucey do a talk up. Did you play there? Hold the Can we find it we don't record up for it? How do I how do you like the way deans coming back? You know we had deon on the show a few weeks ago and his album is going through their own Yolfreckies doing old Frankie. I think I'd about a year and a half ago talk them out of retirement here He was doing Christian race guy and I put him into radio sitting music call with CVS FM and they sold out two shows in 90 minutes you're listening to that you know what that means? That's phenomenal. Yeah Okay, he's a good guy and in fact he brought his guitar in here the day that he was on the show and he just sat in that chair there And he was in the cradle here's a guy who has to believe he screwed up his life hood himself badly came down here Todd God no to his father-in-law married to the same lady Susan and found himself and now he's combining Christianity which he's so nice of a feeling with with capitalism the jazz kind of like Jim Baker In work to the project but the animal be alright All right, we got a little bit of welcome. I'm also jobbing up here ladies and gentlemen This is got the brisket I own day was a music you know But you know the same just a hit just a little like her toenail you know just a toenail You're not gonna tell us real-be young stories today. I'm not Let's leave for you Malone already we He's the guy that I See the S&D or I played the tape where Robbie was on the S Tell everybody that Paul was dead Yeah, and how Rick's law right into the studio and grabbed by the Crocodile anacon for a while Is that a true story? Yeah, he was on he started the room and you like that Paul was dead Alex talking about Paul McCartney. Yeah, guy Paul. I know him as well. Alex Bennett. Yes, you did last week said that was all happened on his show New York. Oh, he did that like a cellist Alex Five person Look at the service This is the soon press you have a good ball Me fall. I want to hear more about Alex better. I want to hear you Alex, but I do yeah, Alex better was one of my nice guy, right? Nobody has talent to this place That's you. What is it was you? No, you have talent. I do now I'm worried no, seriously You were one of my idols when I was like a little girl All right, I'm gonna wait for you some of some dirty ground my mother. She was just you not into that stuff Look at that pizza and I look at that bet you an ABC guys never got I might say it's like this. Well, you still have a guy with a you have to see the real things in we got steak and We've had good food like to have steak. I'll steak roast beef These don't have a catered by the airlines every day. We had a look standing from doing what are all these guys doing They're from uh, you got some kind of a god is that W any WFM The operation manager Danny Grimnell Not only you're ready longer, but what he does he's working with the unions he works with after and works with screen actors guilt We just had this interview about a month ago We had a rock and roll radio grace reunion in New York City three days on the air We had a we brought everybody back Charlie and a number of our subscribers of course, right and Dan was on the air And the Jack Lacy not is an aim from the past Remember Jack likes her singing that was the best Hello My sister. Oh, does he sing down here he comes down here and does these children People yeah, you're a sensory village Let me ask you something He's probably a habit old people. Let's discuss this How will I? Talk to me about your parents. You like him. How long have you been down here? About 10 hours 10 hours. 10 hours. What's thicker on a couple of weeks? Do you all have a single one like you be doing the voodoo dolls? Okay, trust me. Jerry Antrick voodoo dolls Is other I would old people it's a state of mind you can be 20 and be like a prune in your mind You can be 100 and be a vibrant person, but unfortunately we have a lot of like the walking dead in this town, okay? Trust me Give them a tourist out beach take a mountain driving down south beach what does those things like all the way Like an outdoor funeral parlor is what it is that all these people's I am a patient I'm waiting to die we have this time capsule we're gonna be over at a place called American classics tonight That's in the quality in which almost burned down nice and whatever things on is fine This is you or the above the way I do you know how you do have a swing on some pizza look at this service with it And we're gonna be there for six eight o'clock in the public's invited to come and see this rock and roll time caps version At the place called American classics at the quality in at a six eight serve Open to the public thing we're writing the media data and we have this time capsule with a lot of the mimitos and artifacts from the British invasion We have a Jonathan's constitutes Charlie Watts shirts. It's a world of the world of stones John wanted to give me a wristwatch when yellow stone or a yellow submarine opened up and that's it there Oh, okay, thank you. I'm gonna wear stuff like that. I know we could get that past the big county board of hell That's the I don't believe that it be your believe it Fantastic and I do business while you eat do My address you spot no you're not in a rep. I don't know you were wrong I'm talking about it a good time here and we're defeating you and you're telling me I'm rude I have never fed anybody in my life had him tell me that I'm rude. I'm sorry I'm sorry Take the pizza away, okay The cousin Bruce you got a great deal. You stuck your head in the window. I didn't know who they had you were You called me an axe murder You look like an axe murder or what I mean I'll say you know when though through the window and I look at them in there through the window They look like I don't know they do look like I just you know this thing about them is even an inside here They still look like I'm a better. That's incredibly Nick Anyway, just have a little something there okay to honor us We just brought this in because we knew you were coming and a few beliefs that probably will be almost anything Oh Joey is we missed Joey showed today We actually turned it on yesterday right in the middle of our show and watched it with the sound down And it was gruesome man. It was incredible credible with the sound He's my friend. You can't do his mind brand. He's a good guy Well, so to speak. Oh, he comes in on the show He thinks we're kidding around here. Doesn't it? It's the second one. He was gonna lie to the deer for this. You know he invited you a nine to come on to be get on the show You're and Bruce Morris sitting here ripping us in a glass Oh the car's re-healing here the car's like an emerald already Well, you recognize that music don't you? Do you recognize that? There's another music from hunger. Okay. He thinks we're playing old WVC and it's in gold now he'll do one more talk You're looking for Four seats What are you that's what they also He says well, I hope he makes a million you want a base So, guys, how come more Johnny just don't give the guy a couple million dollars? He says best friend that used to be roommates and Syracuse or whatever and how long was all I think I'm gonna check. Yeah, he has no problems. I don't he has a little problem. He has to know stuff as albums He made 40 million bucks last year and I bet he spent 60 They're so generous. That's the problem Just in cigarettes and Zack you have best cigarettes smoke or whatever you realize if you ever quit smoking The economy's been going to hell at a hand best I'm gonna lose millions in revenue Okay, it'll end 46 in WI to just eat and relax. I got a little sponsor new here because that's what it's all about Citywide insurance agencies and Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties Why don't make sure you know about the new floor to law regarding car insurance the new law says you must carry minimum liability coverage And addition to the previously required PIP so don't monkey around with his new law because you can bet that the local pigs are gonna Buster real fast if you can a caught without minimum liability you got liability Uh-huh. Thank god for your boy. There'd be waiting right out of the door the North Bay village cops It'd be waiting right outside the door and listen to the penalty if you can't prove minimum coverage They can suspend your driver's license and tag plus flat you would find ranging from 150 to 500 bucks Depending on how many times you've been caught at citywide insurance agencies You can avoid all that hassle and get started with a new state required liability for as little as a hundred dollars So call your nearest citywide insurance agency right now Just call information and get the number of the location nearest you they're all over Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties Remember it's pretty wide you can get coverage for as little as a hundred bucks So obey this new law now and avoid big problems later with citywide insurance. Hi everybody It's Mike Reneri we get into more morning on my program from 5 30 to 10 a.m We're going country. I'm gonna be playing and singing for you Sounds like the killer bees are coming going by you all over your body You better watch your sale See tomorrow tell tell where son tomorrow morning on news. Don't ready your six-day and W. I 1147 a W idea. Thank you partner must be some interesting one I said I asked bird here cousin birdy if you guys My cousin because you do call that I said he said yes, but I said you gotta be some very interesting All right everybody that why I talked to Bruce talk to Bruce more Even it's talk about home. Huh? Right. He wants to talk on the phone. I'll be damned So day after the Labor Day. It's kind of embarrassing was usually we're just flooded with idiots that call in on the show But all right, you're not there. Oh, no, you cut they're all from New York. Yeah, I know They county hello. Yeah, what's up? No, you you want to talk to cousin Brucey? You don't even know cousin Brucey. You idiot Roward hello. Oh, yeah You don't know cousin Brucey. You're not old enough. Are you? Get out of here you check it. Oh, Roward. Hello Come on get with it There ain't anybody in this town even knows who the hell you are. What are you doing on a show? Okay? What is he doing here? We can do nothing today We can I'm Brucey a let me get in the bedroom or a bushing I know Okay, well talk we could have the burning bush in the studio today and nobody would know what the hell is going on here we go Broward hello Okay, that's one year list. What are you doing? Broward. So yeah, yes No, how about cousin Brucey isn't that good enough? Bruce Moro W ABC time time Hello, how are you? How are you doing? What's your first name? Let me ask you something. What are you listening to this for this guy is well He is huh damn right you find him warm and sweet Jack is like home, huh? Actually is What is that said about this town Civilator though you know who this man is he's a giant in the industry. He's a monster with a business Oh, there you go many years ago, right? I want to tell you no, I'm kind now just see I'm just about to pay your compliment again He looks great. He really does Doesn't look at day over 40 Why? No, oh, are you really no relative? I love I We didn't know that it's really good. How well do you know him? It sounds like this could be something really interesting Yeah, that's crazy. We have a lot of my cousins down here, right? Yeah, that's how I want to come down to a little research little surveys He was happening. I want to make sure that Neil and every daddy like Neil treating my people right And I spent a lot of my my young years energy and blood getting you guys straight That's guy takes you down here in a room. You don't think straight on this show Okay, listen, thanks. Don't be Maryland. Have a great life Okay Have a great time Bye bye Remember Peter trip on WMGN curly had a kid in the second role exactly and he went to jail for payola Why don't you give him what to jail? I think you got nail for payola Yeah, well this trades by Mickey and Sylvia it was like number one and it wasn't even an record storage Get and that was the record that got him in trouble Mickey we could do that and dirty. You know I was in dirty dancing I have a part in dirty dancing Yeah, yeah, that's You see him in dirty dancing I remember hearing you on the car radio. I played the magician slip on another 50. You'll say he's an allian I'm right. I was on the radio throughout the thing. Yeah, I'm the magician and the dirty dancing I'm the one stars for a little Jennifer Gray baby and I didn't pick that up Sure, remember I said to her Do you have your blue cross the solo record for a vote? I'll tell you that's a gate base that I remember it and they drive up in the car You're on the radio and it's 19 summer 1963 We played the four seasons. Yeah, well that's pretty exciting. Okay. Let's go Wow Yellow first hi Do I say how to cousin Brucey I love to he's right here. Hello hello. Hello cousin Brucey. Who is this? This is the end for Carl spring hi cousin Annie how are you fine. Thank you? Good I would love to know is does anybody know what happened to Long press got at a positive No, I did a perfect spring. I was just in Boston about three days ago and Somebody else called me wanted no sorry. Not there. So I've had a move out of town I do a lot of an adventure car hop already against rock and the back in so August How will you come from originally? Yeah What I used to be a surprise children. Oh, all right Everyone's gonna. I'd be the baby center of mind. You know that there was come up somewhere more good town West Virginia one of them recently Are you happy down here? Well It's a rock town as Neil says. Yeah. It is it's rough It is a rough the how how could it be rough? I come from one of the roughest towns in a Wyoming It's survival You come from that's the problem. Okay, we're gonna take some of the families why is it rough explain that because of any Yorkers Wait a minute, but you you are a northeast center too I was in a wing or they're not there's a big difference like you says is a difference from a New Yorker and a New York state person Exactly Rochester, but that's a man from New York people city It's a man from the minority they think I'm from the city. Wow. I have the same thing It's a part but I but I but I but I beg to them because I'm a New York city person And I don't consider myself You know a person that can irritate or why do irritate is no doubt about it for many years But I don't consider myself part of that clan you just discussed He's under the carey. Got some pretty nice people there too. We got some stickers. You know, yeah Got some nice folks in Brooklyn to their little tiny things They're here Farmy all the stickers come down here Oh Now there are a lot of nice New Yorkers down here at least two or three Well, thanks me all I love you show. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye So there's a lot there right that they have to come to Florida at a certain age. Oh, yeah What's it get to be like 55 they got to come to Florida? I I'm going to a condo I They're neighbors male. I do what I was good. They county hello They oh yeah I pulled off the road you said nobody knew cousin Bruce and I grew up on his music in the 50s you threw up on his music He said he was great absolutely there he put that Murray to Katie Shane trust me Bruce and you were the best and I'm telling you the people who moved down here from New York have never had anybody like you This place I I'm getting a feeling of a negative is a done. Maybe I better move down here I'm just getting a feeling I'll tell you something let me put this in perspective for you. Neal is the best this shot you down here He's not even supposed to know my this jockey. I know that what I mean oh And you know I think it's just this shot you down He's not even supposed to do music you know I'm gonna do I have a show and we've the meal talked about it You won't be so crazy to America. I'm trying very hard to get a Affiliate down here we're in 200 markets. I'm not in this one which I should be because I have all my people down here Absolutely and I'm gonna get it down here so least I'll give you something that you can listen to and bring back some good memories And then deal can rip me to pieces every week. I know I'll be looking forward to it. Thank you. Thank you Brian Kermon. Bye. Well, what up bunch of mission going on we got here. Boca. Hello. Yeah This has got so in Scotland yard That's not as better. It's got so scouts of sounded like good. He's still be doing pretty well. How you still release He's one how do you still release oh G.A.S. Do got it Great call excellent. See these are your people. That's good. Take County. Hello. Yes Yeah, yeah, I remember cousin Brucey but I remember cousin Brucey from Jamaica because they use a house ready to get his program Hey, Mom, no problems. You may come on cool run in fun. Yeah, we saw a syndicate at programs off you know your show Well, I love let me tell you I've had a romance deal What is your first name sir? That is all right. I've had a first romance with Jamaica the odd And the nation of Jamaica for many many years. I love it down there. I'm down there every year and I work for the I do some work for the Chamber of Commerce and I do a lot of work for Redetta when get easier to read write And Pepsi and I still go down into grill bugs. Yeah, and I love the Jamaican people I love it out there You said come on with a BB try to Bob cock right or appropriate if you think that you remember play called the glad you Remember play called the glass bucket in King's not bucket in Kingston. Yeah, that's right Right used to peering you know down there in those days. They'll apply period. I don't know they had two radio networks now The world is RJR which is private and the other was JBC which I don't buy the government It will appear to the public one you had to go on the private one It's a vice versa so he's gonna glass bucket You remember the dance I started down there years ago in Kingston? It was called the Carolina law That's right. Yeah, why don't I send to Jack Pecto Jack Spector he's in the eyeglass business now Literally to deal with levees This guy is what this was tough Why I hate him to be my brother. What about our lean Francis? That's our lean doing But anyway, I love you country. Are you happy here? Yeah, that's not be here Well, that's good. I bet we got one man. Where do we out? Where do they we have neer here Yeah, that's why he's happy let me ask them to you then it's you approve of this gentleman You approve of this mr. Neer here neer is a name is above number one There's nobody number one hand. Oh, you got it nobody is back neer here. What would it happen to be sitting here We got all these sick of fans calling underlying the sick part okay, proud you're a great American and they're good here in front Okay, okay, how do you know? a Palm Beach Hello, yeah, yeah, uh, is this like cousin Burstie being here It's like the coming of the Messiah very close to it You're gonna blow the the ramps horn and all the New York City people are gonna follow you back there Hey, you know a wave magic mizziza You guys are irreverent yes Oh, yeah, not just in disgusting. That's why we they like this. Why how can it be terrible? I love you You're what you're are you finished? No, yeah, yeah, you're finished go ahead I love you for you was love the people seem to be willing to wear happy Look at the beach. I love the nobody city. I love that of this game Boulevard. I think good This game in 1979. No, that's the causeway. Why is guy? What any nine? 29. I don't remember. I don't remember. It's a line and I left I love you. I love you. How come you left because I'll be tell you why. Well, this to be careful I would have teach us a major business now. I was driving down this game Boulevard to the Beautiful this game terrorist motor hotel, which we used to be on WI and Z It's where this day used to be. I remember that right and that's where I really started my career It's my second job and I was driving down it was about December 23rd and they were I saw a standing against a pink wall Somebody I admired Santa Claus in this red suit I would say to close against a pink wall was a palm tree in a damn flamingo Now then you aren't gonna can't see Santa Claus with a lingo. I had a leaf at one year. I had to get out I said the close with a flamingo. It's time because of Bruce you to go home. I went home I went home and that's it. I cannot see Santa Claus with a flamingo answer me please don't just What am I gonna say to you? I mean my right or off like those people I say I sure missed the change of season which means being up to your ass and snow I don't miss it. What are you? 44th rips to snow and upstate New York? Are we sure that the only time was good when was you were kidding in school? You didn't have to school half the time. But look what it did man look at it prepared you for it I look how fast ago your top you are a liar look at you. I'm a hard bit in Santa Movich. There's no question about that. What did you say on the radio? What I saw I do it. There's gotta be on tape. There's no way that's going alive We don't ring a stupid balance in here. I'm not gonna be the boss like right out the way the people on the level of the people out there Okay, I don't believe you just said then I will not I would not accept that into my body I'm not on the radio. Okay, you know like that was shocked my Howard Stern I'll do that kind of a little near all right. I'll do spags instead of course Goodbye folks nice talking everybody Where's he at the hour you're gonna stick around you that I got to leave what are you gonna do we're going This was a pleasure to be here You know, let's stick around because there's gonna be a lot of people This is not an ear live of course Oh no, don't be a smile. Oh, the fact this is only a dry run Chuck the Meyer standing by with the noon W. I think it's cousin Brucey is here with us Which is an unexpected treat and blonde tongue on this day. Thank God you're here believe me and The either afternoon with him number one those are contrived debates yet to be announced in sports talk tonight more often Alibis at 6.05 tonight