Mr. Trimmer? Is this Mr. Trimmer? Oh, they've gone to get my left? Yeah. I got you guys doing it, eh? Good, who's this? My name is Seth Schwartz. What's up? I got a firepoint under BKAT. No, where's Mr. Trimmer? I have no idea. I found out that Arnie Pray where is the General Manager of WKAT? Uh-huh. I thought that Howard Praymer was the General Manager. I think that was the day's gone by. Now, what happened? This is Mr. Trimmer. And I mean, it's a bitter pill for me. It didn't happen. It's a bitter well. Anyway, I got, I thought the thing I played by him was basically home. Well, I remember in the six years I used WFUN. Uh-huh. And that wasn't exactly a jingle for, say, without what it was. It was like some kind of a special record they made for WFUN. And I think they, I think they gave away or something. I'm not sure whether they, they might have sold it. They might have sold top of it. And there was a guy named Dischac in a Dabio Donald who used to talk about it. He used to, he used to, he used to do the promo for it. Uh-huh. And I really, I really wish some company could, but let's see if something wanted to, not put it on on a concedor for a record that they're able to do if they wanted to. No, it's an old that's rare. It doesn't exist anymore. Doesn't exist anymore? Yeah, we could really call that our M. You know, we're up to him. And we just did L. And the little lady, we actually could call that M. That could be the Miami song. You know? I had a couple more things. And when you were playing this division, when you were playing the BGs, uh, uh, or the next thing alive, but night fever, and I remember, when you got from the, the greatest hits? Yeah. Yeah, it's on a CD. And if I'm just, with the Divine Wonder, the two of what? Oh, I don't know. You can find it. Oh, thank you very much, Robert. All right, now, but I really do think what he said, you know, like I think this would be a perfect deal. This is the Miami song. I hit the Miami over between the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on dalej, on the, on my, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, We drove along Miami Beach at every night And we call them that the view is such a piece of it Miami Blue was riding high in the sky I was with you, blimp with a pair, just floating around Miami is crazy home Miami, I'll never more run, just be the sun And it's the sun, Miami is racing behind I can't let you wear that for tonight But I can't let you fly Now I'm telling you no place is really a dream I'm flying home, in the sun shines I'm in the lava Miami is crazy home Miami, I'll never more run, just be the sun And it's the sun, Miami is crazy home We've got amazing people to call up right in Where it is, and that's the perfect end The old FUN probably got 60s, it's the Miami sun All right, Bambies on the phone And we'll get to her right after this I have a hole, these are not here, all the wages This is unbelievable These rocks, these rocks, limbo And when the Yankees are off, he's on the radio here Every week night of the day If you listen to this show, you'll need to read the book You don't need to watch television news I do more than if you ever could You listen to me regularly, you know what to think about What the news, rocks, limbo When the Yankees are off, he's on New York Radio 610 WI Bambies Hi, hi Hi, how are you? Now, Bambies? Yes, I want to know this is okay Let's be honest with each other Okay Swear you at Toyota, Hollywood, that Saturday And you didn't tell us You know, Claim, I didn't know that I was invited What do you mean? Everybody was invited Everybody You said you were going to come over What do you mean, and five, don't give me back Five, five, five And I didn't want to be too aggressive What do you mean? I don't know, because I, you know, I usually don't Or underwear And I just thought if I don't know if there was no underwear on You know, what would it happen? What? I'm sitting over here at work with no underwear So I was thinking about that when we give you a call That made you think about it Yeah You know how to say I know you're doing the business and you're on the alphabet I'm going to say it to Casey Claim No See, it's cafeteria, Santa Maria Because it never gets played Casey gets played all the time I'm not afraid of it What do you mean you never heard it? I don't even have to get one I'll play a play tomorrow, Bambies What? Sure, why don't you call me up and remind me Okay I'll play a play tomorrow All right Okay? Well, no tomorrow is not safe How about Wednesday Wednesday Give me a couple days You got a Mara stance going to be here in the swimsuit Show and all that stuff, you know The call me a swimsuit There's here something to all play at four All right Okay, Bambies Talk to you later Wow Bye Hi, hey, my gosh We're up to in And that's where we hear the deal Roger Steam music, but that's not in This is to bring back memory It's called the old movies out there Remember the music when he was on night's I am see But here is in All the white folks Hades the black folks And the black folks Hades the white folks To hate all but the white folks Isn't all this established rule But during the national brother to eat National brother to eat Lean on horn and share it Clarkard dancing, Cheek to Cheek is Fun to new lives People you did not As long as you don't let them in your school All the poor folks Hades the rich folks And the rich folks Hades the poor folks All the white folks Hades all the rich folks It's America's apple pie But during national brother to eat National brother to eat New Yorkers loves the quest Or recon causes Betty She Step up and shake the hand of Someone you can't stand You can tolerate him if you try All the poor folks Hades the Catholics Hades the Catholic Hades the Protestant And the Hindus Hades the Muslims and everybody Hades the Jews Votuary National brother to eat National brother to eat National everyone's mile One next that is a do we feed Nights two people who are in Ferry or two you It's only for a week So have no fear Seagrable light It's on the last one year Tom Lerod is National brotherhood week And that is in Okay My amy Yeah Yeah Yeah this is my come on from the semi-floor My God Kiss him You're kidding Yeah I love your show You need more Oh thanks Yeah I was just Wonder if whether I was going to be able to get through Not down there Yeah I was busy when I tried to call So you're up in Orlando Yeah You don't have something to say about it And they said the traffic in Orlando It's like down here Oh God I'm telling you, besides these And well we got the tourists that up here Yeah Hell they tried to run you off to go to Smack in the end Just like that they drive And miles an hour That's what they say It says the traffic is like South Florida And all the radio stations You're traffic reports And it's like a real big deal up there Oh yeah it's terrible Yeah Votuary sure Oh God No but That's not too bad out here But I can't use stuff We could do it how to learn Words from cars Yeah It's probably going to your favorite restaurant You can get in Because there's a mine like shoe mall And home to the end Yeah that's what you're living up there All right yeah I'm looking I'll send you my end Or Yeah Can you can hear us Oh beautiful up here Well great And I just find Say something about somebody Okay My friend brother Say you need to do something I mean he is No but I thought I'd give you a call But still you can hear you get up here Well I'm glad you did Okay Now it's real interesting He would talk about that Because we're up to the O's now And I searched this round And this rack is a Use I have carts everywhere You know it's we're trying to advertise And but I can only find One thing in the rack That's started with O The O Canada's the Which fits right in with what he was talking about With the Taurus Play it I was starting I was starting I was starting I was starting I was starting This is pretty good I like this actually That's the one And if there's any Canadians Out there in the audience Listing of the show What in the hell are you doing down here Get back home Come on Okay that takes a couple Okay Okay I'm just going to ask you Let's go Oh no We'll start the next hour of the key Q I don't know what we're going to do with Q But I will tell you now You know Ricky ticked you Okay, so that's going to be a Ricky ticked you Okay, so that's going to be a Ricky ticked you Okay, so that's going to be a Ricky ticked you Hollywood Hi, I'm doing a bird Good So, Stephen and Hollywood Hey May you know I'm fine I'm going to go to your Joey And I'm going to go to here at the stand And I'm going to go to your Johnny Darts You know, it's wondering something This market must be extremely That for basically what reason First thing I do is they are very good talent Yeah, yeah And I just really don't understand why these guys are working Right, I can't figure it out of you And Dad's pretty well off when I understand I don't know where he talked, he's not like he's going Okay, who's going to work Right Joey, you know he I just just killed me You know, he I took him to school I took radio to TV television as a mother Yeah Like all of you was my mother And even the post-fatchers Okay, could tell me You know Oh no good This business This is really nice truth How big it is That's funny when you're a Neil Talk about it You know, it's the same thing Yeah, it's unfortunate because those guys are really really good talent And if a radio station had any point in whatsoever they take a hunt Even though you all will dig Yeah, you're right If they had even have sets, you know For radio marketing, such they take one or at least two of those guys learn I know what what's so ironic about the situation Is some of the people who are on the air Yeah However, I would never call them My car phone has been 35 cents a minute Telling them what's how terrible they are But they are Well, it's like that kind of, you know, they're called you You know, I'll be honest with you, but I don't think When I first turned on my room, I remember you from From, uh, uh, Blood 94 Yeah And you also, but they bring up leads to your memory Of course Whatever happened to him I don't know I know, I was all that stuff for real to happen on there I'm not sure Well, for instance, he had said something about what's the joke That joke he told Oh yeah Oh, that was just a joke, I'm sure Oh, that was really right I mean, yeah, he was trying Yeah, he was very good But, you know, I just couldn't When they could't bring him up, I would like a while I don't know, he's hung up on him I'd probably was good I enjoyed reading the air But, uh, he's rating for horrendous Yeah, you know But, uh, that's why they got rid of him But, uh, that kind of, maybe he just wanted to upset me Yeah, I know, that's okay That's the dollar and body No, some people You're good with me, you're good with me You're good with me, you're good with me You're good with me, you're good with me You're good for me, you're good for me You're good for me, you're good for me, you're good for me I don't know what I'm doing I'm following you, I'll put you know, there's other markets And, you know, I would give me two badges Could get them where we'd love 94 Maybe it's better, you know Oh, it is This I got to run for the new news Thanks for the kind words Okay? The balancing out the show a little bit better Alice Rubin in We're Steve O'The Chefman from 2 to 6 And during the Tereo, we'll be, as guests from Redus success, going to be good The Gaffee was Fort Stark And the Bush beam bug andvadeta Clark tonight We'll be back at 12.5 at the Big 12-1-0 I'm Dail Bright, Newstalk Radio 610 WID Newstalk Radio 610 WID Newstalk Radio 610 WID presets New y'all Rogers and Glen Hill. New y'all is taking the day off today. Glen Hill is in to get in touch and talk. Call 751-WI-O-D and day. 5-2-4-W-I-O-D and Roller. Or 655- and 278-WI-O-D in the Palm Beach. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Glen Hill on New stock radio 16-W-I-O-D. That's half-marked down. Long sihx- 1979. 43- speed limit users civilized organizations.到 3 stopscolor. The $000 AMO-90 Sixteenlishers! Up to 5 stops Dorf. He defeated a cadmight. Two after all. Down to that's downs Dang. microscopic wind strike system. 1-0 was the only vehicle as they set off real fast at T-204 187-475. About 2-3 4 engine. Between stations, 4 stacks of 500 limel productions. Security General, we are planning to do charity. Come back to the streets of space, they're too bad, we never shall be done. Once in the midst of no law, we should take shit, try. The world's lost, stop, you gave me him the grant. The power's lost, stop, you let this program out. The power's lost, stop, stop, stop. You the group, we ain't there. The power's lost, stop, stop, stop. The power's lost, stop, stop. The power's here, the power's here, the power's here. The power's here, the power's here, the power's here. The power's here, the power's here, the power's here, the power's here. The power's the free Fire, the power's here, the power's here. The power's the free Fire, the power's, the power's fired. The power's the free Fire, the power's the power's fired. The power's the power's the power's fired. The power's the power's the power's the power's fired. The power's the power's the power's the power's. The power's the power's the power's the power's the power's head. On the highway, Boy, back when the Pope visited Miami two years ago, we played that to death back in the United States. This is the Pope's smoke scope. They're up to pee. We're up to pee already. This is working out so much better than I thought it would. This is nice. This is great going to the alphabet, just like we used to the old days. I'm trying to out this. You should see. You could throw them at parts. Everywhere, let me move over here. And a hamburger's from Mr. Arnold, I think, him so much for the birth period brought by hamburgers. Great, great time on hitting the spot and he brought me in. Present, oh, man, one of the day, I had no expectations for this day. None. Who's going to sort of slip through it? It's Monday and I'm sort of getting through it and going home. This has turned out to be great. You know how to look, you enjoyed this. Look at this. We have a call from Palm Beach. Is there a Napoleon? Hey Napoleon. Yeah, I want to say a damn major countdown, but you pretty much covered it. So I really don't have any to spray in my shoes. Have some questions, just something. Questions about what? What about it? What about it? Well, he should be on the air. Oh, yeah. You're to be congratulate for putting him on. Thank you, sir. I wish people would never got to put on some of that stuff. Yeah. Yeah, he's too good, don't you think? He's too good. That's great. If you're too good, they can go to the air. That's good. But anyhow, that's what we've found. What's the other form? Yeah, funny how that works out, isn't it? Yeah, because it's strange. Well, he'll be here tomorrow. This is going to be, you know, again, I know expectations for tomorrow. This could really be something or it could be nothing, you know, who knows. But with the swimsuit show on the radio and staying here to narrate, it could be a classic of a hinoz. Yeah, no. So, you're tuning in with me and we'll find out together. But I won't be able to calm because I'm going, you know, I'll be too excited. Yeah, not necessary. It's Napoleon. See you later. Okay. Yeah. Samurai. Yeah, Burke. Hey. Going great job. Thank you, sir. I was looking for your portrait drawing show there. Oh, huh. I'd like to get the sticker from you. Oh, the formula. What did we call it? What did we call it? Oh, yeah. I don't know if I can give it to you. It's the, yeah, it's the formula. I think that is what we call it. I don't know if I, it's, uh, let me see if this is right. I should have written it down. Rich has it. I think it's 395 times weight. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Then you'd think that. Then you multiply that by the height of the inches. And then take the square root of that. You have to go in a calculator. I think that's it. You know, maybe risk and call in. 3-0-5 times the weight times the height of the inches. Square root. Aren't the height? I think so. I don't know that. I don't know that. I hope I didn't forget something. But it works amazingly well. Yeah, I don't understand it either. Good luck to you. Okay. All right. Thank you. Well, here it is, cue. I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presence. That's very reject-tenative. I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy. I mean, what other cue could there be? All right. We're going to do a break. And then we're going to do R when we come back. And I'll tell you right now. May I sort of tell you R is Ricky Tickie. So you don't want to miss it. All right. We'll be right back after we do this. Okay, luckily, DJs on the line have the formula. Now Nick says, it's 549. Yeah, he's right. 549. Time in the way. The by the guy. And then the track tension. The track tension is in the square root. Okay. And I guess I bring in front of my promo week to early man. I should have brought it in tomorrow, huh? Yeah. Well, I'm going to start to show with it tomorrow. I already decided because I've accepted him. See, it sets the tone for tomorrow's show. Don't you say? I think so, pal, because the rat one was just too much for meat and, you know, I didn't go. I got to tell you, buddy, your knees are going to be shaken. I think you may be right. You're in for something to out. It just doesn't happen very often. Do what you normal guys. I'll meet Stan. Yeah, I do. Such a show. That's a thing. You're very lucky to have him. Because he's the only one who seems to be able to really handle that. Well, when they even write me an E.J. Right. Well, when they called, they wanted to do it. I said, well, yeah, I got to have Stan. Well, who else would you bring in? Right there. Nobody else could you imagine this, Neil, or in the round? Oh, man. God. How do you know that? I'm going to get rips for this, be on belief when he comes back. But I don't care. You've got to have a video camera of it. Just a, I mean, people will find a video page just to see what it's you or like. Now watching these girls come in. Yeah, you're right. Now it's going to be great. Uh, you're probably right. That's going to be a great show. Good. Lord, anyway, really like what I really like about your thing is that you left that thing on this year. I guess I should play as DJ. I'm talking about, so to just talking about it. Yeah. So I'll play it at the end of your call. Right. Because it's really good. We will, um, I will play it, uh, right out of the box. But I don't think I brought it in. It's about shit about it in some morning. No, no, it's fine. Well, this is, hey, I wouldn't have been able to catch some of these. Well, now you've got a good point there. I do the favor you, I take a dog and counter tomorrow. Well, you enjoyed the show tomorrow, DJ. I did. Okay. Ready? ready, ready. Ready, ready. Stay Erring TheORT. So let me know you guys below this turn. momento second. This is our big time. Our big time, we have the car back to our third. I think safe keeping our eyes tight and the wheels warm. Alright. Uh. I just want to cut off. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go.