Other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station Now, here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 W-I-O-D I'll take out turn on your Rogers All right, there's how don't touch that dial. Oh my god, it's sunny It's Ellen Neil's eyes to sunny Looks like we got him thanks for the tip Mrs. Aquacoyd You're welcome, Sonny I mean I know he was a sick guy when I rented in the fight I need to look at this he even had this little he was looking at My god Said funny pictures Looks like we stopped other future mass murder and Neil's come back moron the straight somehow and day All right, safe again. Thanks for your son I'm a job Mrs. Aquacoyd by the way. I'm gonna need your name and phone number. We contact you later Let me get you a my card Drop my fight What's that said? There a lot of your hurts Anyway, it's 1006 to W-I-O-D I think I'm gonna move to hell and they'll just not a spike Okay, and then maybe after I live there a little while I'll run for public office and hell and ill I want to thank you. This is an amazing people this morning We made both the Broward section of the Harold and the Sun Sentinel Ron issue. I and this is really amazing cuz Ron He really don't like the show. Okay. Let's be honest But we thank you anyway because it says the only thing silly or the Neil Rogers saying all those stupid things Saying those things yeah on the radio is the hell in the ill city commission trying to censor What he says and get him fired come on folks. This is America just turned the dial Where we heard that before? Including on the work down he show last now, which we will talk about a length by the way. It was Oh, God and in a Gary Stein who writes in a Sun Sentinel on a front page of the metro section is inviting people to get mad about certain things Mm-hmm and one of them he says get worked up at politicians in hell and they'll who are still wasting time battling with Constit but highly entertaining radio talk show host Neil Rogers the commission approved drafting a resolution urging the denial of a license renewal for Wild which here is Roger show you people in hell and they'll pay your city commissioners to get involved in censoring a talk show host and What talk show host might be censored next? West in Mark so we thank Ron and Gary and What can I say I mean anybody would come and sense understands that we live hopefully in America except for those people who have minds like Fashists and want to do the censoring themselves But anyway, we had Joey on yesterday. Joey was very entertaining here. Joey's one of those people whose own show sucks But when he's on somebody else got like leave foul or with his phone calls, you know, there you go But we had a good time with Joey yesterday. He's a good guy. Although I will say when he started critiquing this show I mean I appreciated the positive comments, but when he started critiquing the show I became a little bit nervous and joy was lucky. We ran out of time And he was on with Whartowny last night. Yeah, and I want to get into that show because that show really hit so close to home As bad as the show was with all of the things that are going on here First of all, we got a collect call from Princeton New Jersey every day on a show It seems we start with a long distance call from some God forsaken place. Hello Hey Neil yes sir Okay, now even that wasn't that the home of Woodrow Wilson? I give up Princeton New Jersey. I think so Right near freehold isn't it You don't know Can I ask you a question? Is there anything you do? Like I said sir we love this call Well I tell you what the first thing I want to say is Roger is the coolest because I call it an hour ago Back and I had an accident telephone accident not a radio Yeah, I call it either because I was listening to how I just heard it I love God I got thought to Neil So anyway I call up and you know how those 18 and the operators are really rude on the phone You know how they break into your line. Yes, I think it really rude Well At first Roger the answer to funny goes oh hello At first I thought there was a wrong I got the wrong number and it's okay And he said it was in the 18 to the upper to go Sir, would you like to make a person a person a person? You know where to call him? Friday stay comms sir Well it sounds like Lee Follard and I feel like you're shouting out the window Is college distorting now you're getting you're eating the phone Try to use a little better call a phone technique Okay, I use my my Right phone technique that's better anyway Roger said okay, we'd hard I'll take the call Fake hands with and you know you'll go into okay Well Roger says the operator was a real jerk a jackass a douche bag A mung brain but other than that she was okay Well the main reason I wanted to call you because I turned how I just turned on because I'm a PI and I live in Miramar Up here for the weekend and there's my mother-in-law Which is our trip in itself Anyway, I turn him on and you know you haven't a big problem with censorship and everything down here and the first thing I turn on They're talking about condoms Talking about he's wearing his lamb condoms on the end Yeah, I call the a hotline and it started they got a recording that you can only call the a hotline From nine to one or something because I have to real get hotline and then it comes on and by the label and then Then he says and Spanish and then he says that well now we know who has AIDS And so I'm talking I mean you're talking my condoms and hey, the area on here Well, okay, that's what that's free. You know the front trying to censor you Well, that's what I was talking about at the beginning of the show today if if these yo-yo's if these profile yo-yo's in this town I got news for you. Okay. There is nothing that we ever do on this show that we couldn't do on television And I'm more downy junior show and here these two here these two wackos from Houston and I'm not saying that they ought to be censored But I am saying that they're really they do a lot of really dirty stuff and Here they are and they had to delete the whole segment not just bleed parts of it out They had to delete the whole segment at the beginning of the show because it was so dirty, okay? And then they were constantly bleeping words out. I mean, not just one or two, but constantly Throughout the show and the one guy came on and this is the stick they do on here on the radio Yeah, one guy came on here. It's not my first thing you start to show off Is that people the artist? They had sex. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that's crazy Yeah, he was that that was a guy from San Diego. He was a real is well listen this college breaking up It's right here and from you have a wonderful life and when he coming back Okay, well just in time to miss the cold weekend I know he's nice and warm up there in New Jersey. Yeah, I got off the plane You know, he had a walk away from the plane to that inside the terminal. Yeah, I took one breath of fresh air And I froze my nostril hairs. Okay, I said I'll say goodbye. Okay, bye, Neil. See you 12 minutes after 10 a Wild and Sharon be calling in little after 10 30. She's stealing my card today And they're putting a low jack device in it and then we're gonna track it down hopefully And well, you know just in time for the weekend course. I got a couple of other cars Okay, so it's always good to have a spear. Well, I want to talk about that too Cause Steve had a really interesting call from some young punk out there who drives a pickup truck talking about how Steve I have a Corvette but anyway right now I want to remind you that in less than 20 minutes Trawhots gonna be unlocking those doors And that means you can you okay now what did I give out yesterday? Oh, gee, whatever it was Oh green performer wasn't that the one yeah It was in the eighth race of y'all stream ran 7 and gentle Tim ran second just missed by half a length God beat by a 29 to one shot With my Gonzalez, oh if I didn't know Mike was riding that horse out he I'd have given that one but he still got beat But the perfect in a race paid 264 in a tri-factor paid 2100 bucks Anyway, we don't want to get sidetracked with that. I do want to remind y'all be a gul stream on Sunday morning And if we're gonna be raising money for the community alliance against AIDS At gul stream on Sunday morning at 1130 which we'll tell you more about later Sharon is in the process of stealing my car right now etc etc Okay, and I'll go back to the show last night which you saw parts of it And I would say of all the work down the junior shows not to watch him at much anymore because it's a horrible show and he's making millions of dollars and more power to him And everybody knows him says he's a great guy And that's fine But the show is ponderous and of course, here they were they they taped this one in Houston And the subject was Schlock radio in Schlock TV And they brought these two Morning guys from Houston who have worked in Dallas in Houston and back and forth They were on there. Joey was on a private to get total about two and a half minutes. He was like at one of the Beef boxes in the audience. He wasn't up on the stage and They had some guy from San Diego who claims he worked in this market Jeff somebody and I have no idea who he is or Never heard of him in my life and he was awful. He was shaking didn't notice how nervous he was He was like pan-extricant although when you're on with mort I can understand it because it's You know yesterday I was saying to Joey get me on that show because mort's a good friend of his I would never go on that show No For all the money in the world what would it accomplish? I mean the only reason you go on that show is if you're prepared to make a Just a total jackass out of yourself Which I can do here. I don't need to go on there and do it in front of the whole country But So anyway, he had they had the conversation was just how far should radio and TV go and does it exploitation and is it this and is that? Anyway, they had a bleep out that whole segment with these two guys from Houston then they had to keep bleeping words And by one of the words was like if I use it in different contexts like if you had a needle and you prick your finger That was one of the words that they kept believe and you could see them form the word you know with the mouth Oh, yeah, it had to be a moron not to see what they were saying and there were lots of others as well And a bottom line is a you know the one thing that kept coming up over and over again if you don't like it Turn it off About that so each person out there can be his or her own individual sensor. I'd say the overwhelming majority of the people in the audience who had a comment We're saying that turned off although the people in the audience What is down he get those audiences you know in New York you expect that because that New York the Bronx cheer Whatever that is you expect in a Bronx okay, but although they do it in Sakaakas, but same difference Here it's in Houston and he had a bunch of rednecks going Like that and man that was that was even more fitting than in the Bronx I mean they were just a bunch of wild children. You know is incredible More rules more rules I thought maybe Harlem must have made that time These kids man they come up you talk about pondress expressions they come up with these stupid expressions and they just you know Bury them into the ground Yeah, I don't word in edge wise on that show if you went on there all they were just I seriously joy I'm exaggerating when I say he was on two and a half minutes Maybe he was on any seconds tops little over a minute no time no not at all he might as well not have even been there And of course I got to be honest with you because I grew up listening to joy who claims to be 48 The number out He has never done that this he really the great grandfather of Slocke he's a great grandfather of radio But not of Schlok radio he never did that stuff that I know of right he really didn't Certainly not anything like those guys in Houston are doing or like Steve doll is doing in Chicago or Howard's doing in New York And that's why really I'm saving that tape because that tape's gonna come in handy for us here Because if there's anybody and I do mean anybody including our good friend out there in the audience who believes that Anything we're doing even comes close to the stuff that goes on you say how to help you do be an expert on Community broadcast standards and major metropolitan markets when you spend all your time in coral gables Tape recording radio shows off one station I mean this individual isn't even an expert on community standards in this market because he not listening to the other shows Including the morning shows on FM where they do far raise your stuff than we do, okay? Oh, I don't want to mention our friend Tanner, but he's one example and there are lots of others many Lots of examples and right over here next door. Yes, no question no one would argue with that. Yeah But it's funny. I hear the stuff. It's funny. It'll hey listen don't get me wrong. I'm not knocking it It I'm not saying anybody ought to be off the air, but I'm just saying to you Everything is relative, okay, and this show and anything we've ever done is last couple of years since I changed my format is so tame and so mild By comparison But it's a joke and that's why if people were to look if they could see like our attorneys have the files from I and Z and Z After the FCC investigated all those complaints which all came from the same person by the way There's nothing there There's nothing there because they're not concerned about anything We're doing and they never have been and so when people keep repeating the same thing over and over and over again because of a personal vendetta It just isn't gonna hold any water, okay? There's just nothing there And I got news for you man this stuff that's going on TV now and don't get me wrong again I'm not saying that it ought to be censored, but you you talk about scraping a bottom of the barrel and reaching the lowest common denominator This is where it's at and they were saying last night. Hey, this is what the public wants and it's just like what Donnie He was saying he were a few weeks ago if the public wants him to go into a ring and mud wrestle with some woman and get thrown out of the ring that he'll do it If that's what it takes Because it's a business Well, I think it's so funny that when we have a lot of new listeners people who have read about this in the paper And you know human nature as soon as they read that it's condemned and it's controversial people immediately He'd have to see what's going on And that to tune into this show and hear it and they must be scratch Yeah, they must say I don't understand what's so controversial What what what they've not come to the area when's it gonna happen? Well, they have to get into the source 22 past 10 at WIO day a bunch to come out now D 1026 at WIO day what we're gonna be talking to Sharon in a few minutes. She's in a process of See like being my car and going off and hiding it in a course to low jack people of put one of those devices in the car And then they're gonna attract it down and find it we hope Now why did Sharon by the way have all her stuff she had like a whole bunch of stuff packed up Yeah That she was sticking in the car before she let look like she was not prepared to come back real soon You know what I'm saying anyway will be talking to her in a few minutes Isn't it amazing that on the front page of the hero not the brow edition but just the regular old Hero to show you that they have nothing more important to do in Hallendale here is a picture of John peanuts Toronto loan and It says reputed crime boss neared in Hallendale joule sting and Undercover detective posing as a gambler cut a reputed high ranking mobster in Hallendale on Thursday arresting John peanuts trunnelone for accepting 77 thousand dollars in allegedly stolen joules his payment for gambling and loan sharking deaths Trunnelone 78 said to be the boss of the Cleveland organized crime family a suspected of running South Florida bookmaking and loan-tracking operations that handled 527 million dollars in Betsy Gier It's not peanuts said peanut and a nachie motor statewide prosecutor. He's one of the big in Chiladas Now that shows why they have so much time Nothing going on in hell Is matter of fact I don't know how many years ago that this was really operative or if there's still a lot of mafia people By the way good morning to everybody in golden beach but Hallendale was one of the Hangouts in fact there were a whole bunch of little restaurants I don't want to get into a netmink thing, but there was a whole bunch of little restaurants that were like the meeting places For the top mob people in Hallendale about 20 years ago, you mean? So are you talking more like 30 I would 30 years in a 50 North Bay village too was a and then like everybody got tired of Hallendale because it was too Geary atric and they moved to golden to golden beach But anyway, it's good to see that they have nothing else to do over there We want to thank everybody you send their facts things yesterday I'm gonna give that number out again if you want to send this one of your letters of support One of the most interesting letters of all of them was somebody because I get to a copy of every one of them And there were just tons of came through yesterday in the morning somebody said he doesn't like this show But He's just a poll by the attempt to censor in other words he turns it off he enjoys Steve show he hates this show But he is a hundred percent behind us. What you know Some of my most of the letters Yeah, who love the show, but that was a pretty interesting. I like brown the choice At it all I don't know their Ron hates the show just that he has that incestuous relationship with Greg Biele And he is Listen, hey sincerely I really appreciate that both enjoy who there's not fond of the show and Gary Stein in the Sun sent Well, I mean, but as I said you don't have to be a brainster And it really lies if you don't like to show turn it off there's nothing so I've rages going on here I mean here we are the big complaint from Hallendale is that we're picking on old people and making jokes about Meta Musil And here these guys who can't even do their radio stick on more downy They have to believe the whole thing out because they use such filthy material, okay? Now who the house kidding whom? Also I watched last night the David Letterman anniversary show finally and Jerry Steinfield the comedian was on doing jokes about elderly drivers Oh no, I can't do that so I guess next Hellendale's gonna be and I guess well probably have to condemn the New York Times took as it was that Sunday Times magazine article The roles are different here or whatever. Yeah, that was kind of like the highlight of that whole hell and they all think we did two years ago That was like one of the center pieces of it and She said everything that I've said about the drivers about the early bird about to sweeten low about stealing the roles and stuff and stuff And your person the behavior and supermarkets I never forget that one market in sunrise and I can never think of the name of it I think it's in sunrise or tamaract that was a sponsor of mine several years ago when I was on one of those old These stations And I went in there and the people who owned and ran it very nice people, but they were given me the honest load on I went in there and they said on Sunday morning when they opened a 10 o'clock in the morning or whatever time The old farts are standing online and they go in they're rushing inside They have some kind of specials like I saw something they go rushing inside and they're fighting with each other over packages They're having packages that I'll be each other's hand They they have to have a special security guard there because of the barbaric things that go on I mean they told me stories that would make new hair grow on your head. Yeah, and and these are people who you know Who derive it income from them, but they're just appalled by the behavior But I guess we can't talk about those things because they're pretty outrageous and controversial I anyway here's the facts number at wild 757 751516 757 7755 Where you go? That's it Larry can't is it true that Larry can't is the new sales manager at magic 102.7 is that true? Is that just a rumor that he starts on Monday? That's the that's the popular rumor around town Well listen, he's gonna be one of the biggest sales managers He is a monster or a broadcasting industry and certainly a giant in sales no question about that So we wish Larry all the luck in the world. He's good. What goes around? Okay, look at that every line in the board slowly but surely here. While we've been spewing our BS every line His lit up with the exception of the Palm Beach line of course So if you're out of Palm Beach there's your chance of a lifetime and especially if you're mobile and you call in and let that line Not only we get right through, but you're probably beyond first because there are no mobile's on the other seven lines 655 9463 655 wild Before we get into the thing with Sharon I just want to say this about yesterday Steve had this call and the thing that made it a funny call is this young guy at the end of the call He's giving Steve a lecture about how he should buy American cars in the Toyota Hollywood and all this and the end of the call He says while I drive a all what's that kind of pickup truck. It's a Chevy Some kind of a Bronco or something like that whatever the name is and You know, he's given a lecture about how Steve out of bio Corvette He drives a pickup truck Now I didn't have the heart because Steve made some kind of comment about how Neil had a Corvette and now he's got a super a turbo Neil has both I don't want to start being a yuppie or anything like that But they're two completely different kinds of cars and I love them both okay the super is a four-seater first of all the turbo Secondly, it's a very smooth riding car doesn't ride like a sports car. It rides like a A limousine like like a cat-alag kind of ride that you would expect and the Corvette of course is Amn't saying it's got a bad ride, but I mean you know you're in a sports car when you're in a Corvette But it's a totally different kind of car that's a faster car. I love them both But so the best thing is going by one of each And get ready your pickup truck. Here's a mobile on that line boy ask an Eshal receive. Hello. I'm here. Neil. Yes, sir I'm here too. I need Rick shot talk up so bad today. Do you? Yeah. Well, don't hold your breath Anyway, it's 32 and Wality now. We're not taking right off the bad man here We go through a half an hour song in advance more downy show Joey all this other stuff we're talking about and he wants a Ricky Good to keep talking man. Come on now. What's wrong with you, pal? We have that one open line there just for you. We put you on ahead of the whole pack of Vush McGeggy's here and what do you give us? Oh, please. I need a Ricky to keep talking but turn on wax. You okay the guys aren't like about 20 hours a day Doing those ponderous 50s talk ups again By the way speaking of FM and I got a taja You know the old saying the more things change the more they stay the same that rose the music over there is becoming more obscure by the moment What is the price and it bothers me because I tell you at nighttime I don't like listening to talk at night because there's nothing to listen to anyway to be honest with you And when I'm in the car at night, I like here in some music, you know, and I don't always remember to bring out some CDs and put him in the car And I got news for him and finding a record that you want to hear is not easy on FM and this market A music and I don't want to get them upset next door get spike running around like a lunatic, but The music on FM and this market really sucks. Okay. It really does. I mean you hear all is marginal and in the old East Asian Like to play all these novelty records like last night. I punch up. I think it was Well, I don't know was either magic or wax interplanet John Fred and the playboy band and Judy in disguise with glasses Now that's maybe once every six months you want to hear a record like that's like the purple people either, you know But God they play so many of those silly silly. I think is the operative word. It's a silly market With a lot of silly people in the business. Okay, like Ricky Tiki a silly guy he really is And like Joe Joe Johnson is a great friend of ours and a super guy and he has sent us over some tremendous material But he's a silly guy. Okay, we love him, but he's a silly guy In fact, that whole station it's a good state, but it's a silly state. Isn't well they got run saying John on there Like I said it's for itself. Okay, all right that should be it's 1035 is she right on time or what that should be sharing right now as we speak by the way And maybe Jay and Ken from Low Jack are gonna be on there too. Hello. Hi. Now. Let me ask you a question. Yeah Why did you have a nap sack and all that stuff put together before you left here this morning got in my car? Well, Neil I had to tell you I had second thoughts about the whole thing You know Stephen driving me crazy lately Thought well I want to remind you I want to remind you one thing you pretty got some nerve wasting all of this valuable time You could be booking guests for Steve because your Steve's producer not my produce. Oh, yes, let's get that clear Let's straighten that out right up front, okay, but I know you're a generous man. You Your car will I hope you enjoy it yeah I'm gonna get my escape fund. Okay, don't go putting any cheap oil in it either okay. It's got to use their real expensive stuff It's a one of those high priced hot cars and and super test, right? So where are you? Well, we don't want to give any clues to where you're going but anyway sharing is in the process of hiding the car And then Ken and Jay from our good friends over there at Low Jack are following like so they've stuck the device in the car, right? Yeah, they put the device in the car, but I tell you they're gonna have a hard time You know my diabolical mind. I have really really hidden it very well Good how about the car? Yeah, okay, so what are they doing now? In other words they gave you a head start how many minutes have start? I I hate to tell you this because They're really hot on my tail. There's been a call gave us police car that's been circling around the area A coral geobiles police car And then okay, so the trend they look they notify all the police agencies and then the police have transmitted as well Well, if there's a coral geobiles police car tailing you I governed myself accordingly, I'll be fine with you. Yeah, well, I didn't want to go out to hell and they'll Okay, so you're gonna hide it now and then how much later are they gonna start looking because I know we're gonna talk I have internet Or you already have hidden and they're looking yeah, they're looking okay But they haven't found it. I knew I'm telling you it's hidden very well. I'll bet Okay, well, let's to make sure that you don't hide it too well. You know what I'm saying, sure? Well, I have one thing I had second thoughts about it. I thought if they don't find it That's my ticket out of here. Yeah, okay Trust me the device works real well. Okay, okay. We'll talk to you a little later. Okay, thank you Okay, there goes here and it was hidden my car and the low jack people are hot on our tail And we'll talk a couple of more times and find out you know how many minutes it took them to find her It really is an amazing thing anyway Henry is probably getting a little up he owed not because we're gonna running away over and that's his problem He just taken other sip and relax. It's 1037 on 610 WIO 1041 at WIO D. Let's get some of these calls. Okay. You're never gonna guess who's on one of the lines But I noticed that Rogers put him at the bottom of the list, okay. Are you there? I can't imagine to it Hold on Put him on hold cuz I don't want to put him at you know, I had anybody else But I just don't want to get him to get the feeling that we're gonna leave him for last although I'll tell you this We probably will okay hold on Miami. Hello Yeah, yeah, yeah, tomorrow, hi, did I hear you say that Pina's got busted Pina. Yeah Does it mean I can tear up my IOUs? Fact you better let Snoopy on for a little walk cuz I think he's having some serious stomach problems at the moment Yeah, I believe that These guys up in Helen Dale I yeah you know I'm really having a heart time swallows all of that too I mean if they want to hear controversy I think what they need to about a 20 minute shot of the grease man Yeah, that would do it. I think 20 seconds might do it Yeah, it would be 20. Well, I, I cruise down here from DC and I heard him when he was in Jacksonville and in DC and I'll tell you, it's, it's non-perial. What can I say? Yeah. But, it really not called. I read an article in the papers more and made me kind of sad. Did you happen to see the, uh, Margaret, Margaret, a session or article about Gulf Stream and the, yeah, Murrow was right. You know, this is kind of like a death mail. Hey, it just makes me sad. I, I don't know. Uh, then I hear on the news this morning that the city commission is trying to throw chalks off of, uh, Watson Island. Mm-hmm. Yeah. What's next? Uh, let's see. All the flamingos over it. Next, next thing probably do the worst thing. We'll probably throw Barbara Kampenman off us off beach and then we'll really be in trouble. Yeah. Ha, ha, ha. Well, listen, I just, I just, I just want to, I want to understand the operative word in this town, sir, is death. Death creeping inevitable, inexorable death. Yeah. And it's, it is truly sad. I mean, I'm, I'm third generation, Florida. And I, I, March, first to be 13 years at our work in this market. I'm going to tell you, just in that short time, I have seen such a decay and such a deterioration and so many great restaurants close and so many great landmarks disappear and, and the so many living and breathing people calling in on the show to tell us that they're leaving and, so many people coming in on rubber rafts, you know, who really have little to contribute to the area and it's just pathetic. It is, it makes me sad. I mean, I grew up here, my dad grew up here, my grandfather grew up here. And, but I, maybe I'm too hard hitting. I'm not going to leave. No, me either. Well, and despite of it all, never. Okay. I've got to roll, see you Sunday at the track. Okay. Thanks. You bet. 1044 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. 5151 9463 751 WIOD. I wonder if we're getting any fax stuff because Sharon is out there. That's right. I'm doing her thing. Well, I probably be a gigantic mile for when she comes back. I like with my daughter. Yeah, very relatable. Same principle. Anyway, what was that fax number? It's a 757 7516. Fort Latterdale. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi, this is Baron. Hello, Glenn. Hi. Hello, okay. I want to ask you. Neil, you look great at Hollywood Toyota. I came out there to give my snare drum head re-autograph. I know I promised you song about Ricky Tickie's cap. Yeah, you did. Well, what happened? Well, the boys and the bands are just too small potatoes. You know, and with all this stuff happening elsewhere, we came over the song that I think will fit everyone and everything. I don't want to give it away, but it's a beetle song. I don't know if you like the beetles. And I'm just worried about Michael Jackson's doing this because he owns it all now I hear. Yeah, he probably may get in the letter if we played on the area. Yeah. I'll see him be sister to govern yourself accordingly. Yeah. Well, my brother and my base player decided to head down. Although it is interesting that there are those people who record this program, which is copyrighted by Cox Broadcasting, who owns all of the material on the entire radio station, and then take it and use it re-broadcast in other places and violate the copyright laws of the station on a daily basis. Well, we figured instead of going to the US post office, we'd better bring it down there in person because they're into some real setups from what I hear. But they're on their way down there. It's not food or nothing, but they're on their way. I like their way. With a tape on there, once they want to leave it with your secretary, and it's a beetle song. It's called No Wear Man, but we kind of changed it around to maybe something you could kind of figure on. And I don't know if I want to say it, but you always say it on there. See it. Well, we changed it to kind of a asshole man. Yeah. Oh, really? It's kind of fitting for what's happening now. And I also want to stress that it's not something that we just cut out half the side of the tape and just put words. And like I know a lot of people use just the, you know, they use those maskers or whatever they're all read. The rage half the song and the way you're on words. It's all us. It's kosher. And it's kosher, yeah. It's approved. Well, that's good. Maybe we'll have a little bit of it for lunch, too. Thank you. Bye. Appreciate it. 1046 a WIO D. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 and for the mobiles and a long distance people and anybody who's alive at line eight, of course, is always open. In Palm Beach 655 9463 655 WIO D. Speaking of cars, I played it. Yeah. WIO D. Oh, we're just getting impatient. Oh, really. The second time here in those long, are rejoined. It's a 1050 10 till 11. The WIO D. Let's go to West Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. I sent you a fax yesterday and my agent, we appreciate it. That's my pleasure. I just wanted to say that a lot of people listen to the Royal chronic. Do you want me to say good? Well, come on. Don't get so stuck getting emotional with us. Come on. Okay. I won't forget it. I want to say a lot of people have listened to the show and enjoy the show and never get rated by arbitrarna or anybody. Now's a good time to express your support, whether it's by fax or letter or that kind of thing. Let's think of a good idea that I think everybody should do that. Amen. Are you able to speak at all now about the situation at your previous place where they kind of muzzle you on this situation here? Sure. Well, I'm able to speak the way that I see it in my attorney sees it. When the stories are out and by the way, they're going to be all kinds of stories. In fact, here we had a thing in a hero. Again this morning at one in a son sentinel and we've had stories even in the prestigious hall and the old digest. So I guess once it hits there, you know, it's the whole world knows about it. But you know, it talks about the 19 months of harassment and the ongoing campaign. So I guess anything that is within the realm of that is fair again because it is part of an ongoing news story. And you know what do you say? What do you want me to say if he's being muscled? I mean, these people were harassed over there constantly by this individual. And he found a willing ear up there in Portland, Maine, and Bob Gilbert, Sinus, want to be a corporate headhonshows of Guy Gannett. And I think, you know, Gilbert, Sinus, is somewhat, I don't want to paint them together. But some of the same conservative mentality is this individual. So every time you get a phone call, we would get a call about, gee, are you playing this and take it off? Are you playing that? And it got to the point where, you know, we couldn't do anything. I mean, the number of things that were left for us to talk about on Zeta was like the weather and what was coming in for lunch that day and beyond that man, it was not much, I mean, I'm telling you, and I mean, there was no sexual content of any kind permitted on that show. Now if you ever listen to an FM morning show anywhere in this country, I don't know of any other morning show where all sexual content has been eliminated because most of the humor is related to something about sex. And so the fact that we were able to do as well as we did under such restraint was a major miracle. I don't know how we did it. It was pretty amazing, but I was just kind of curious because I had heard rumbling about there had been some kind of agreement that they forced you to sign over there. So you wouldn't be talking about this character. That is correct. That's absolutely correct. There was some very bizarre legal machinations behind that by the way, which would make your hair fall out. But again, but the exception in that agreement, we didn't sign agreement. We signed a letter attached to it. But the agreement has an exception, which is very clear and says that the exception is of a legitimate bonified news story, we can discuss it. Which, you know, one would hope you could because this is America, I think. So far. So far. Okay. All right, just curious about that. Did you ever get those medical recipes I sent you? Oh, yes, we sure did. All right. Well, maybe now you said them off to study there. No, I'm working with my dogs on it. But to give you a prime example of what we're always talking about, Rich about Palm Beach County, you won't see this in the book of paper. It was not in my addition to the Sun Sentinel or the Harold. Well, the Harold up here is kind of the National Edition. They just had the Super Bowl results, I think, yesterday. From last year. That's Taylor DiPom Beach. Oh, come on, Clint. Not. Here he is, Rich. I'm serious. Well, anyway. It's kind of pliderous, but anyway, a lot of us are supportive of your life. Oh, I know. That's a lot of some grief. I wanted to put you up. Okay. I'm trying. Speaking of put you up, let's get it over with a guy. Why not? That wasn't fat, Rich. Was it? No, that was swim Rich. Hey, let me ask you a question about Rich real quick before I get on with it. What Rich? Fat Rich. Oh, fat Rich. Yeah. His last name doesn't begin with a P. Does it? No, it sure does. Okay. It's not the same Rich I'm thinking of. No, this one that we just spoke to began with a P. Ah, okay. And that's the Rich that I'm thinking of. Oh, okay. Well, boy, this is really exciting. I'm sure the rest of the audience. Listen, so those of you out there, he lives in Palm Beach County. You want to open up the telephone directly to be able to look under everybody under P. And find somebody whose first name is Rich. You might actually get this from him. Okay, but anyway, oh, remember the situation back on theta with the high school and the coach. Oh, yeah. That call was definitely a part of this whole thing beyond the shadow of a dog. Is this one and only same individual? Yeah, well, no, I don't know who made the phone call. The phone call wasn't from the individual, but there can be no question that it was involved in this whole campaign because at the end of the call is this wackos of government yourself accordingly, which of course is the phrase that has used in all of these threatening letters by the same individual. So as somebody, I know one said, there are no coincidences. It couldn't possibly have been just a coincidence. In addition to which later on, the notorious individual we've been talking about was making phone calls to some of the kids at Cooper City High and their parents who were listeners of mine. See, this is the thing. You know, we, as you know, we attracted a lot of teenagers, the high school students who really got into the show. We have a lot of now. You know, and so right away, here's the inference. He's trolling for sex from boys on the air and all of this other crap. And I mean, some of the things that we're said were just so outrageous and slanderous is to be unbelievable. Well, you've heard it said that sex, that a little of a success breeds successful in this case, success breeds envy. And this guy obviously hates himself and can't handle the success of others. And he's taken it on. It's as simple as that. Well, what can I say? I don't want your luck to him. There's one other thing. I went to say I'm dolly of a night. And I told Boone, I said, give me whatever meal it. And he came out with something I've never had before curry pop. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Those are delicious. I think great. I don't know how many of them we were eight. Eight, but they were unbelievable. OK. All right. Well, listen, I'm proposing. Everything's going to work out. No, it's all going to turn out to be a good day. Good day. OK, we had a little update on what's going on with my car and Sharon and the low jack. Who's this? Hi, this is Mike Donski with low jack. Yeah, Mike, how are you? OK. What's that? I'm going to low jack, man. And I'm in the area of coconut growth somewhere. But I got a feeling, Sharon, maybe taking a trip. Yeah, you better catch up there. How are you? Because I got a feeling. She's on her way to San Jose, you know what I'm saying? Gotcha. But we're closing in on her and we'll be there shortly. All right, no, wait a minute. I want to people, though, if you just don't say anything, for example, listen to those beeps. There it is. Those are the sounds of the little signal that's tracking. And there's a device that you're looking at, which the police have. And it shows the direction. In other words, it's like a compass kind of wouldn't it be a good description? Exactly. Kind of like a compass in it if you're turning, it is zero zoom right on that one spot where you're right on the tail of the signal. Just the idea of the relative distance as well as the relative bearing that the stolen vehicle is. You know, it's not like to ship to the police car. Well, don't take too long, Mike, because I got a feeling when she had that suitcase and that knapsack, I had a feeling we might not see her again soon. Okay, well, I'll hurry up and find get her for you. Okay, thanks. Okay. I feel like something out of a James Bond movie. Well, it almost is. I mean, it's, I never even heard of such a thing until they came and, you know, bought advertising and to show them and they took me out on a demo ride. Well, actually we went twice because they wanted to show me it wasn't a fluke, you know, and it was amazing astonishing. I mean, they don't just find a general area. They come right up to the car no matter where you park it. 1058 at WIOD, we have an opening in date, 7519463 North Miami. Hello. Hey, New York, how you doing? Good. I wanted to, you know, in Cox called the yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, I had just seen it about 20 minutes before in a liquor store at 1230 and a afternoon. Really? I don't. I said, don. I wanted to give me a call. He's been, you know, he's been talking to you said you're chronic, so you did end up calling him. That's great. Well, you know, he's, he's probably got a, since Sonny's been off the air, don't have to keep those people in business, you know. Anyway, he's been hanging out with Grandma Boon lately. Yeah. I wanted to know about Thursday about the City Commission meeting. Is there a city commission at the diplomat mall? And a door front maybe? Good question. Not that we noticed. Not even a word is, but anyway, it's on Tuesday the 21st. Oh, on Tuesday the 21st. Yeah. He's me. Okay. Well, I'm definitely going to be there with those on those. Okay. Well, we ought to have a heck of a good turnout. Yeah. And I hope to see you there. Maybe even the outhouse gang will be there. I think maybe we can intimidate him. But I think the outhouse gang might do the job. I mean, if they kill us. Yeah. All right. Now, Sonny might have to use the facility, you know. Okay. Thanks a lot. Well, anyway, we're out of time for this hour and phones are dropping off to a spotty level at this point. We have two open lines in date, 751, 9463 and one line in Broward. Look at that. We've got like four. Wow, we've got four stinking calls on that. Is what we got. 524, Wiod and Broward. Bulk is open 2789463. But anyway, be that as it may. Henry is sitting by with the 11th block, Wiod report. And I always like here in my news from the prone position to kind of add to the little flavor to it. And we'll come back with our number two at 1105. Wiod, Miami, Fortwaterdale. The O'Rodgers continues after another news update on news talk radio 610, Wiod. The end of the bomb beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station. And now, here's Neo Rogers on news talk radio 610 Wiod. We're out in the old days. We're out in the old days. And I can't stop through the town. All camera records live on the coldestack and prevention of the going extort. They all drive for half a mile away. That poochies mile away. In line, while with and on the river, we've met Hatton, the wrongs and green. That's not as good as the Brooklyn City in the tunnel. And it all looks back and down the Jersey turned out to town, but it's right. Roll the moths and the sidewalks, they'll serve your hand. As you're wrapped your nails, tell your friends. You're going to bloom in there, but it won't be far behind. We're out in the old days. We've met Hatton, the wrongs and green. That's not as good as the Brooklyn City in the old days. We're out in the old days. We met Hatton, the wrongs and green. That's not as good as the Brooklyn City in the tunnel. And it all looks back and down the Jersey turned out to town, but it's right. Roll the moths and the sidewalks, they'll serve your hand. As you're wrapped your nails, tell your friends. We're going to bloom in there, but it won't be far behind. It's a 11.07Wild day, we have an open line of day that's 751-9463-1 in Bokot, There's a town called Tamarack, we have South, there's Hacking Sex, there's a town. It's 11.07 and WIOD. We have an open line in state. It's 751, 94631 and Boka, 278 WIOD. I don't know what Steve's doing today. I don't have any stuff. We got no stuff. But Steve will be here to this thing, what I'm not sure, but he'll be doing something. Dave County, hello. Hey, pal. Yeah. Deal. Yeah. Steve, I don't need a damn history lesson. I need help. No, I got that help and I've got a life now. Well, that's good, boy. Thank God. Yeah, I know. But of course, you know, I'm a closet listener. Yeah, we know that. And I've been listening a lot. And I can't believe what's going on. But I have an idea, maybe, to a send barricap, and to conduct a visual outside. You know, he always helps. Yeah, maybe she could turn to your Helen Dale City Commission Chambers, Art Deco, that might do it. Absolutely. Why do you find it a car, much, and now that I know you don't want to see my face there. But I'll be there just to support it. Well, we'll see you there. We just don't want to see you here. Absolutely. Okay. We're good luck. And my face will be sharp. No changes. No changes. Bye. 1108 at WIOD. We have an open light of zade. 751, 9463, 751, WIOD. Here's a call from the city of choice. Helen Dale. Well, yes. Neil? Yeah. I just wanted to take a minute to first of all, compliment you on your description of all the people in Helen Dale. I work in Helen Dale. I really can't say what I do, because I'm right on Helen Dale Beach, bullet barred in a brokerage firm. I'm not going to name any names. And I just want to let you know. I think it's incredible. I've been doing it five years now. Have the people on that South Ocean Drive have so much money. Now, when you look at it from this end of the business, you wonder how in the world they got it or how the power in the world they keep. That money, because they really think they just know everything and know nothing. And secondly, if you go back about six years ago, when I was back in college, I worked the ballet at Gulf Stream Race Track. And I just want to reiterate what you say when those kids are not 10, 30, and one of those folks have animals who are lined up there with their cars. Like it's post time to them. You open those dates at 10, 45, and they just brace up to the ballet. I mean, just like our herd of animals. And by the way, I just thought I'd like you know, they really can't take you off the air, because the people are having their world around have a lot to complain about. Yeah. They don't have anything else going on over there. They've only got like mafia people and people getting hit in the middle of the street. Jay walking and nobody can get across the, you know, Helen Dale Beach Boulevard. And they got no problems over there. Yeah. And if you want to retire early, you just get a heart and down and have your, uh, wrote that. Okay. Okay. And of course, the reason I play the tamaract thing is because we don't want to lose our perspective. It is not only Helen Dale. They seem to be in a class by themselves. But we've also got very large parts of Miami Beach and Tamarack and sunrise. And of course, we got that little problem up there in Boka. I don't know what the Boka thing is that's that probably will be our next assignment. Because there is a Boka you think is living and breathing people. I thought Boka was like young families. I was really under that delusion and then I discovered that a lot of the seniors who move from Miami Beach, their next stopping point on their, you know, while they're in God's waiting room, their next stopping off point is in Boka. So I don't understand it. And guess which is the open line in the board by the way in Boka had two seven eight W. I. Oh, day and meantime we've got an update on my car, which here in by now probably is in the keys. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Okay. We found the car. Great. It does look like she was looking to hide it and get on a boat and leave. Yeah, I think so. And if anybody I know could get on a boat and leave, she's the one because she lives on a boat. Uh-huh. Well, it's not probably not too far from where she lives. This is down on coconut grove. Uh-huh. We're just a little bit south of the city hall, Miami City Hall and she hit it and it dumps their holder. It's one of these little enclosed buildings where they saw the dumpsters. Yeah. And that's where she stuck it. Are you serious? Certainly I'm serious. Well, that's Sharon, man. I tell you, she never got to drive my car again. I'll tell you that. Where did you go? No, no, no, no, no. Neil is no problem. The car is in the excellent shape. There's no garbage on it. Yeah. OK. Now, what I'm doing is I am now placing a pair of hot handcuffs on her. I don't know if you heard it. Yes, I did. Well, I think we'll take her in. Wait, no, don't take her in. Take whichever is the biggest dumpster down there in the air around for a little while. OK. Yeah. OK. You're probably fine some good guests in there. First of all, you can't hear you right now. That's good. OK. So it took what time did she actually leave? She left at about a quarter of 10. And I left about 10 o'clock. And we've been out there tracking her. And it took us, I wouldn't say about an hour and five minutes, maybe an hour. Fantastic. When you think that the average recovery time is an hour and a half, this is good. Well, it's excellent. Especially since she didn't just go a few blocks away from here, she'll hold on and went all the way to the grow. That's true. As we know she would. Yeah. OK, listen, thanks a lot. We'll talk to you in a little later in a final wrap up. OK, thanks. Bye-bye. OK. So just over an hour, low jack. They tracked down a car. Thank God. And we're all breathing a little easier. If you want to get more information about it, really, is an incredible device. Call her toll free number. 1-800-33-6683. 1-800-33 found for the best protection against the theft of your car, low jack. They're coming. Pretty amazing. 11-16, a W-I-O-D, the bulk of light. Can I just check it? Yeah. It's a, it's a, OK, it's dead. No, it's working. But it's the only one it's not lit. Because now I think, you know, we've really done a number on Hallendale and the beach and sunrise and surf side. Uh-huh. And some of these other, like point east and windmower. And there's so many of these bastions of creeping death. But, Boca, there's a thing there that we, um, we just can't figure out. There are can't believe Rich says, you know, I was being too tough on Boca or something. Now I already said this now. I've been much too nice to Boca. They'll be next. Then the Boca City Commission can pass a resolution. Let's get that nasty nail off the air. OK. But they have better things to do. No, I don't think so. A lot of plastic people up there in Boca too. By the way, if we ever have like a good day when it gets over 100 in the summer time, about 102, I'm serious. Those, those banyards will melt the air. Here's a mobile and browner, hello. A nail? Yes, sir. You know, I live in Halandale. Don't sound mobile. This is a very good connection. Yeah, I have a question, ask. I don't think it's a mobile. They all? Yeah. I have a question, ask you. Why do you continue to pick one of the people in Halandale? Uh, why do I pick on him? Yeah. Another word. So, let me, let me, let me say this to you. For the last, was that we've been here three months. We rarely were talking about Halandale. We have this little comedy thing. The Halandale. Wait, how in the album music? You, are you on an answered year question? Okay. First of all, when you say pick on, that's a rather juvenile approach to life. Okay, why do we pick on him? That's like something a little third grade kid might say. You know, there is a situation that exists in Halandale, which is in one case said, but another way if you look at it from a satirical way can be funny. But we don't ordinarily talk about Halandale anymore. We do about Tamarack or Boker any place else. But the city commission decided you and laterally last Tuesday that they were going to go ahead and pass this resolution based on the ranting of one individual and based on Sunny Rose and Berg's prejudice to try to deprive me of a livelihood in this station of existing. Okay. That's why we're talking about Halandale. But even assuming that they didn't do it, what difference does it make? Halandale is a horrible place. All right. Could I say something now? I'm listening, sir. There's not a mobile phone, by the way. You say it's all right. Let me say it again. It's not a mobile phone. Why you told Nick that I don't know, but I guess little white lies, you know. You say it's all horrible. See, why is it? Are we responding? That's there. Why is he going to have like you got a hearing problem? Why did you tell Nick you're on a mobile phone? I'm on a mobile phone. Oh, yeah, sure. They look bigger than Horn. Yeah. Why do they hear the horn? Why do you hear the horn? All right, you hear it? No. No. You know the word. They're getting out of here. Oh, yeah. Do you hear it? Yeah. We don't hear a damn thing. Okay. He's got a silent horn. It's a new invention in Halandale. We don't want to wake up the living dead. So we have a new cut of horn. He doesn't make any sound. Okay. It affects their pacemakers. All right. You press the horn and immediately there's something in their pacemaker that tells them all there's a problem. Look around. Get out of here, you jerk. He reminds me of that guy. It was so tempted to call in the one steve yesterday. He had this guy. You know, the one who used to sing when we were on wins in the daytime. He can dish it out from Halandale. Yeah. And he was calling. And he did it in Steve. It was great. Because Steve let him go on. He had no material. And he thought Steve would hang up in about five seconds. Steve, why do you get so bad on the shape? And Steve let him go and go and he had nothing to say. Nothing to say. Steve, Steve, how come has Steve? And another one from Halandale. I mean, pal, listen. If you don't know why we talk about Halandale, then you're in a dream world. Okay. It's because of liars like you. Oh, yeah. Hear my horn? No. He was on a mobile phone. Like I'm a brain surgeon. Okay. Why you pick on us? Man, why don't you grow up? You know, I'm a man of you. People out there who have lived for 65, 70, 80 years and more. And behave like two, three year old children. They're picking Johnny, picking on me. Oh, my God. What come they pick? Yeah. I remember when Dick pertinent Detroit, Joey talked about him yesterday. He's a great talent. He's just, you know, monster in that market. Kind of like Larry Kent is in this one. And he did a thing called Hamtramic Mama. Now, Hamtramic is that he tried to suburb where there are a lot of Polish people who live there. He was a song parody and it talked about, you know, people in Hamtramic going bowling every night with white socks and all. Okay. It was a hysterical thing. And yes, I will grant you that there were some old fart, some sour people in Hamtramic who had gotten all bent out of shape. And guess what? They never took it off the air and they never took Dick pertinent off the air. And they didn't take away the license of any of the stations he worked at. And nobody, you know, passed any resolutions. There were a few sour posts that didn't have a sense of humor. But life went on. Okay. Just like it's going to go on here. That may come as a shock or something out there. But the life goes on. Why are you picking on us? I mean, grow up. Don't you understand if you don't like what we do on this show, if you don't have a sense of humor, if you take every of your so uptight about life, go someplace else. Okay. Don't try to tell me what to say or what to talk about because it's not going to work. Okay. It's never going to work. And I got news for you. As long as I'm breathing, there will be a station in this market that's going to hire me. And going to put me on the ear and going to take an all-arevenu that this show attracts. And going to have all of the listeners that this program attracts. It's going to happen. Okay. So you can keep convention and you can keep having meetings and you can keep carrying on like a bunch of children. It isn't going to do anything. Okay. It's not going to happen. Oh, it's going to make the ratings even bigger. Yeah. That's right. It's going to get a lot more publicity. We've been in newspapers every day this week, which is not the way quite frankly. I'm interested in being in the newspaper. But if that's, you know, if that's what you want to do more publicity. Absolutely. It works. Couldn't buy it for a million dollars. A sunny. Good old sunny Rosenberg. God. Just when you need a little bit of push and let people know where you are. There's sunny Rosenberg to do you a good favor. Okay. They were good deed for you. What a guy. Yeah. What a hell of a guy. Great American. Is that a mobile? Is that a new mobile? Is that not our friend again, huh? That was one of the best mobile calls. The connection was so clear. I never heard one like that. And at horn. Well, I wish I had a horn like that. It's, it's painless. I mean, hey, nobody's ever going to get upset about that. See a lot of times you're afraid to hunk your horn because people in this town to get up, uptight. They pull out a gun. A shoot you if you blow the horn. When you got a silent horn like that, man. There's no problem. Doesn't make any sound at all. It was great. Here's a mobile or real one in Broward. This is a real mobile. Well, no, you know, it's a different. Yeah. Yeah. It's crackling and bring, let me get out of these wires over here. Oh, what? I'm going to run through those wires. Try to, oh, okay. I just wanted to make a point. I thought you might appreciate it. See, I don't always agree with you. And I very often, uh, it's holler back at the radio when you think that I don't agree with. But the point is, I like you on, you know? And I listen to you. It's not radio accident or anything. And the other thing that I wanted to say was that these people that are the barbarians, these oldies, they don't become that way when they turn old. They usually were young at this and not are becoming old. Fact at this. Mm-hmm. And you know, I've often said, I've often had a hell of a deal. It was like a movie. And when people ask me which movie I say, Conan and a barbarians without Conan. Absolutely true. And the thing is, I've always thought that people never really get, they don't change. They just get better at what they do. So if they are, uh, do we start to get to a bigger and better dish? Let me explain something to you. When you go to New York, that New York's got a lot of problems. A lot of crime and a lot of poverty. But the living and breathing, the vibrant people in New York are not people who are waiting to die. There are people who, you know, go to sporting events and go to Broadway shows and go to all kinds of activities that are going on. They're alive. The people that came here from the Northeast and off a lot of more people who left there because they didn't fit in with that. In other words, they were prunes even when they were young. And it much rather live in this closed kind of condom mentality where they can isolate themselves and just kind of vegetate anyone everybody else to suffer along with them. That's why they try to destroy everything else that people love like they show because they want everybody to be as miserable as they are. Well, then basically what you're saying is that we're specializing in Do Show beer. That's correct. Okay. Well, that's not what I wanted to say. And by the way, our good friend, the Channel 10 Alan Masningale sends his regards. Have a great week. Okay. 24 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Lots of people must have seen Ward Downey last night because we haven't had a single call in that show. Joey came out here just to provide that appearance which he was on for less than two minutes. Yeah. And we haven't had a stinking call on that show. We talked about for half an hour. Anyway, you love delicious Thai food. The place to find it is. I OD. Well, it's 27 after 11 at WIOD. On a wonderful, I can't believe it's Friday. Can you believe it? I'm not complaining, but I just can't believe it. It's just was such a quick week. Why do I need excitement and everything else going on? Yeah. Lot went on this week. And we thank everybody for the letters and the facts is the facts is continue pouring in. And if you want to send us a little letter of support on a facts machine and you enjoy what we do. Or even if you don't enjoy what we do, but you believe in something like Freedom of Speech. The number on a facts machine at IOD is 757 757 757 7516. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hi, how are you doing? Hi. Listen, I just got a question. That one that the parody that you all do on Hell and there from Jimmy Buffett. Yeah. Is that available to the public? I wish you were. You know, that was a copyrighted song. I still don't know who did it. But Marlon Baydig gave it to us two years ago. I have a gold record at home for that record, but it's not in the stores now. Because I was sitting there. I was working on a roof here. They were the radio on. You guys were playing that. Three or four old folks sitting around laughing at it. How about that? And then when I came down, they started visiting saying I should turn the radio down because it was too low. Who's going out? And between the three of them, there was to been like 400 years in all of them. Yeah. Well, you guys have a good day at it. They love it. They just don't want to admit it. Yeah, it's one more thing. I'm going to remind you, five, I'm going south. I'm going to Atlantic. Is this a road south of Atlantic or north? Is it? Is it a Griffin road? South of Atlantic. Griffin road is there. You're in Pompano, pal. Yeah, but I want to get off on grass. That's probably road is like the between four-later day on Hollywood. It's right after the state road 80 for action. So I'm going right. I'm going south. So I hope so. Where do you live? Oh, in Miami. Oh, in Miami. But you're lost. Okay, just keep going south. Right after the state road, if we'll get to sunrise and Rower Boulevard. And then the next one is a Davy and then the state road before right after that is Griffin road. There's a big share in hotel there. All right. Okay, good luck to you. Thank you. Get lost, call us back. Okay, it's 11th. Boy, I can't believe that. Well, where did that come from, huh? While at these, let these spacers wait a little while. Okay, it's 11. 30 on 6.10 WIOD. It's number one again. You're an achiever, okay. It's making me feel. All of the old folks are with the mom. The check in the sea. No, they never say praise. Just waiting for their best result come. We're still waiting for their best result. Searching for the false he fell at the glass. You're how they're acclaimed and there's a top host to blame. But they know it's their own damn form. The first thing I've ever seen... ...is that I've ever seen... ...is that I've ever seen... ...once they're seen. They get overheated. As dark stuff and roses wearing over and over. Wait, you know where can he go to the hospital? Looking for that long lost problem. And how did it say that it's a full of films today? But for some... ...and am I in the blue face? You're folks don't know the reason. But nothing is feasible. The muscles they can't just don't exist. But what doesn't matter... ...when they call up kneeling in the shadow... ...I hate kneeling never listen to your shum. I don't know where can he go to the hospital? Just the fox and madam used to let him ready. How did they claim that it's a top host to blame? But no. They can't wait for his shum. And how they'll explain that it's a top host to blame. But no. They just can't wait for his shum. 1134 on 16 WIOD. Boy, it is that brings back some memories. And it's like dizzy-ru, as Jerry Wichner would say, ...dizzy-ru. We're going through the whole hell and the old thing all over again. Which is just, of course, a tiny little part of this whole nonsense that's been going on. But it's really amazing that what goes around does come around. A great radio philosopher, one-seven, the Steve King. So, how many times said, on the Steve King show? Anyway, let's tell you about our good friends over at Toyot of Hollywood... ...where you're going to get one whale of a deal, man. Aker is an acre is of automobiles. In fact, there are lots of spans over eight acres between Tanton, Sheridan, Streets, and Hollywood. Now, don't get confused because on the one side it would be the west side of 441... ...is the use. Does it make me a little bit nervous when I watch the behavior in the eye... ...because I know that they boost them and they coach them before the show. And it's all, you know, it's contrived. But even so, when you see the way that they just respond on cue... ...I mean, what would it take you to sit in the audience of a show and on cue go... ...make gutter-roll barnyard sounds and behave like you're just an absolutely antithal moron. Of course, some of those people I don't think have to add. In that audience. But anyway, now we do have somebody. By the way, the Palm Beach line's open, I just mentioned it. That's a one-open line. I don't know why I bothered to mention it. At 655-946-3655-WIOD, it's kind of like the scourge. And of course, when I ran all the off all of those places before... ...Bokka and Tamarack and Sunrise and Helen, I left Palm Beach. I guess we could probably use the whole county, right? Palm Beach County in general, not just pick on Bokka. Here is somebody in Broward who's sore the show. Deal? Yeah. Yeah, that's all more down below. I think Steve and Joey on TV. No way. You can tell me that Steve is older than Joey. Well, Joey has got this thing about his age. He says he's 48, but I still think he left one number off at the beginning of it. But he does look good for a guy. I think the reason I know that he's older than them, I'm sure he's listening, probably he'd all been on his show. But the reason I know he's older than that is because when I was a kid growing up in upstate New York, Joey was on WKBW in Buffalo. And he was like a hundred then, okay? He was like a hundred years old then. Now that was like almost 30 years ago. So he had a hundred and thirty. So maybe he's a hundred and forty. He has he's forty eight, but he could be a hundred and forty eight. Not be honest with you. Looks pretty damn good for a guy that age. Yeah, I told the guy during the phone that I was on a mobile. And I thought I'd get on a quicker. No, he like, no, Nick likes those guys with the silent horns like that guy in Helen Dale. Are you working on my horn? Yeah. Okay, this guy's also on a horn, right? I can't say which kind. It's 1140 at Wild. We have an opening at Broward five, do four nine four six three five two four. Wild. See, it's you notice he said he watched more down he last night. There's the kind of guy you're looking at. Yeah, that's why this guy related to it. Yeah, because he's the perfect kind of guy you'd find in a warped audience. Anyway, more made somewhere between 20 and 40 million. We haven't got the exact figures in front of us yet, but boy, that's a stonish. Joey did tell us some good stories about Doc Daly, didn't he? Yeah, pretty good. About his teeth. Yeah. Miami, hello. Hello. Well, you know, Neil, I just thought you can always take your cordless phone or the audience. Go out to their cardboard, sit in your car and people horn. They're not a mobile, but don't get the time considered. That's correct. They'll get on immediately if not sooner. And we still have a horn. I'm like that guy in Broward. He's still looking for his. I thought I also saw the mark done. I missed the first 20 minutes of it last night, but the audience really ruined it because you know it. There's like it could be anything going on in the stage. Their reactions are just, you know, the interesting thing about is when you watch the show, if you keep your eye like when they have people like Joey was out at the podium. And when they show shots where you can see the audience in the back. They're looking at the monitors. Yeah, they're looking around. They're not doing anything at all. They're not really even paying any attention to what's being discussed. And then as soon as the queue comes, you know, as soon as Mark gives them those, you know, trigger phrases. And then as soon as the one side. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's kind of like, you know, I can't stand watching it. I can artificial birth on television. What if people are looking at watching the birth and it's like the same thing. And they're not really reacting to what's happening. It's all, you know, so I'll put up. Yeah. Anyway, I like, I brought because, you know, I've been pretty upset because I've been looking in my Miami Harold all week. And I never see anything in there. I hear about you referring to articles. And they're all on the Braward section apparently. And they don't want the people in Miami to see it. Well, I thought there was some little blurb in the dates. And there is Sharon is back with a low-jet people. They got her handcuffed and she's got stripes on. Good. Yeah, there was finally got out of that dumpster, huh? There was just a small article in the dates section. Yeah, there was just a little thing. Well, I, they told me they would send them to me. But I told them, I think that you, you're a major party. You're already as a candidate. And thousands of people would like to see it. Yeah. So I'm supposed to call them back later because, apparently, there was no one who could actually take my complaint. Really? And yeah. And I think maybe you're... Well, there's probably nobody who could speak English over there in the day, the addition, you know. Well, I think maybe your friend, I don't know if you don't want to use his name, Jack. Maybe that sound effect you have with the sufficient, whenever you want to refer to his name. Because that sounds like a colonical or a sister, doesn't it? Have a wonderful day. Right. In closing, let me just say. Okay. It's 1143, 17-deal noon at WIOD. Okay. So, Jack, they got the handcuffs off finally, and that'll teach you a thing or two, right? Yeah, seriously, she was on a way to the keys. Yeah. She had her nap sack in a suitcase. I got a little paranoid when I saw that, but she's back. Oh, you still have him on. That's good. Well, Steve gave him instructions. Don't take him off to the start. Looking some heavy duty guests. Okay. Just remember your Steve's producer, not my producer. It's good to change. You don't have time to be messing around with stuff like that. Thanks very much. You guys are incredible. And just over an hour, they tracked down the car. And I'll get busy sharing, get some work done. What's the thing? What's the thing? I could thank Gernie over at Myeson Marine. He's the superintendent of the Dinner Key Project, and he found me a very neat spot. So that's where I hit it. No, you can't. Okay. Let's, we got a mobile who saw Wartelash night. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I'm okay. I saw a... Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I saw the show last night, then. And you're still okay, huh? I just saw. You know, Joey looked a little sweaty, a little bumpy, but you know, you have a nice outfit and a little bit of a little bit of a little nervous. Yeah. Well, a guy from Mousandiego was so nervous, I thought he was going to fall on the floor. He was shaking. When he asked him to go into the audience with the mic and doing his bit in the audience, I thought he was going to drop dead. I thought he was going to start to hyper-battern. Yeah. Yeah. It was almost like something that a teacher would ask you to do in school. You know, go up before the class. I don't like that kind of stuff. You know, go do your rack. I mean, that's just a lot of crap. You know, how can you do your radio show in a television audience? He made it virtually impossible from the do anything. You know, Joey, I used to listen to Joey every now and then. And I thought he was pretty funny, but last night, you know, more, nobody had chance to say anything. Yeah. Well, that's the thing in the whole show. That's the concept is that everybody talks at the same time. Everybody's in a verbal brawl. And the thing that really got me now, they had the news woman on. This is what really killed me. They had this very intellectual news lady from some station in Houston. And he's going on about how reporting the news and so on. And she's ripping her all though. Who deserves to be ripped to shreds. And she's talking about the brawl he had on with the skinheads and the Nazis and the young people and Oraldo's nose getting broken. And I'm thinking of myself, here. She's on more downy show talking about this kind of stuff. And he's the one who started it. He didn't want to start it all at this fight with the, what's the guy's name? Who was the sharpden? And the twice had happened on that show. And of course, now the new thing is the confrontation where they get in each other's faces and they're threatening to have a violent fist fight. I mean, here she's sitting there on that show and she's criticizing Harolo for something that morta's all a time. You know, somebody should have punched her in them out for it. When I saw her at first and she first started to speak, she's not a rather intelligent and I said, why don't get sucked into this. This is, can he's going to turn this into a confrontation. Yeah. It happened, but I thought that's what was going to happen. It could have. If the guy from a San Diego Edmunds or nervous, it could have happened. Exactly. But it's not worse for us, by the way. It's on 79 street just a few blocks east of Biscayne. Eastern Biscayne. Yeah. By the way, I tried the Army Development. That was great. Oh, yeah, God is that. We walked in there my wife and I had a 630. I want to Friday night. We wanted to go out early because we didn't have a babysitter if it's stay late. And we walked in there with nobody in the place. The guy says, I can't see each other. I looked at him like he was not. But of course, they finally got a place for us. And it was just fantastic. Why did he say couldn't see each other? He said he had reservations for the night. And he was basically all booked up. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's a good idea. My reservations are because since we've made him popular, they're just always booked up here. I got to tell you, we told everybody about the place we've had to come and try that task. Retestory take out tonight. Be best. Just suggestions are great. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye. 1147 a WIOD. There's an opening in Broward 524 9463. The Palm Beach line is still dormant. But I'm not listening. I mean, if you don't learn after a while, right? How long does it take anybody to learn? Speaking of good food and some of our sponsors, he's a great valentine's day ID. And that is to get over to shells. Okay. There are five soft floor to locate. But that makes too much sense. Anyway, it's 1151. Nine minutes till noon at WIOD. I think we're going to start doing that all the time. We'll come back in the middle of a cent. Well, kind of like more Donny last night where they were. I'm telling you, man. I have never in my life seen a show where they bleep down. There was a period of time there where they were like every third or fourth word. They were getting really hot and heavy. And these two characters from Houston. They had their skit was really good. Yeah, this was never got on. Not one second. And I wonder what that just happened. And I realized, and we forgot to mention this, the PD from the Chicago television station of Kerry's Mort Downey was in the audience. And he got up and he says, We're not going to carry this episode of your show. We can't put this on the air because of what these two guys just did. And they were doing on, hey show, what they do on the radio. Yeah, okay. That's why I keep repeating this so that you understand what contemporary broadcast standards are. They are so far and above anything you'll ever hear in this market, and especially ever hear on this show. And that's why these self-appointed sensors who think they got some idea of what broadcast standards are in FCC law. They don't know their armpit from their elbow. Okay? They haven't got a clue. Miami, hello. Neil? Yeah. Good morning. Good day. Let me start by saying that I've advertised with you in the past and you have an excellent statement. The reason I'm calling is to comment both on the pros and cons of the low jack system, which was just tested on your vehicle. Well, a lot of listen. If you're a sponsor, pastor, president, you know, we don't discuss sponsors on the air. So when you say the pros and cons, I really, I just can't discuss it on the air. I just can't do that. I mean, you know, each person has entitled their opinion, but I just can't get in that kind of a discussion. Well, we can. We can't we offer a challenge then for the a con part. No, I don't want to get in any con part because just like you or if you were advertising, they're paying good money to advertise and, you know, they're not receiving anybody. They're going to give people all the information they want to ask. They're not defending. Answer their questions. So I don't really want to get into a discussion of it. It's 1153 a WIO day. We have an open line in data. You know, I'm a little leary of that call because anybody has ever been a sponsor knows that we don't allow people to scut. I mean, if somebody wants to say, hey, we, you know, went to such and such restaurant. I was a great meal. That's fine. But we don't allow cons about our sponsors on the air. And he should know that. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Long gone. Okay. Carl Spring. Hello. Okay. Now, why are we on a run all of us in a nobody on these stinking lines? We have an open line in Broward. 524 9463 North Miami on the seven. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Now, all of a sudden we were doing a radio show just fine. There were no problem. Now it's like everybody is disappeared. We're hearing strange sounds on the phone. Am I losing my mind? Or is it not always sounded weird when you put it? There was a hollow sound. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Are you really there, sir? Is it real call? Okay. I've just been on hold so long. I really didn't know the difference. Um, I'm calling um about an ad. Um, actually a little section in the Miami hurricane. That picked up about, um, Thompson. What about it, sir? Well, he's, I don't know. He's coming over the hurricane. Um, putting your show down and putting um, You're talking about the letter to the editor? Um, no, it's on the front page of the hurricane. On the front page. Yeah. I haven't seen that. It's um, lawyer wants you to pull ads. Where first of all, I spoke. Now who's the person that wrote the article? Um, Mark Theroth. Yeah. I spoke to that person the other day. I tried to explain to him. He was referring to so-called ads for hurricane baseball. Let appear in the show. There are no ads. There are promos, which are free of charge. Because this station carries hurricane baseball. And I explained that to this individual. But I don't think he understands anything about this business. In addition to which, Rona Fraser called us on opening day of baseball season last Friday. Had a great conversation with me. Rona's a big fan of mine in the show. He's just like I'm a big fan of his. And I guarantee you that if there were peak commercials for hurricane baseball, Rona be the first one to want him on his show. Right. Well, there. He's, I don't know. He's putting Thomas. Where, where does he, Thomas, Thomas and get the right to, um, To, you know, distribute Miami's position. The, um, university Miami. He's the right to say anything he wants as long as it's not slanderous or untruthful or twisted or manipulated. But the bottom line is why it's being made a big song and a dance over there. Right. I don't know. They must have nothing else of importance at the university to talk about. Because, uh, you know, again, they're making it into something much bigger than it is. He's, this individual has been attempting, uh, I have letters, copies of letters. He's written the same. Jacob Hitch to Tim Robby with the dolphins to, um, uh, Tan, foot to present the university again, uh, Sticking his nose and the things that are absolutely none of his business. The university just like anybody else that spends money. Our has business relationships has a right to do that based on their own decisions without any help from our friends. Wait, he's, he's trying to make it that the students, um, hear, you're so, and he's, you're so, are you kidding? Everybody, everybody listens to your show. Love you and our family. That's, that's not relevant. If everybody at the university hated the show, we still, they have a right to, uh, you know, we carry all the UM sports on this station. And we'll continue to do so, studying and Joe do a great job with the games. And, uh, you know, and life goes on and then the university is tickled at the death rate. Huh? Thompson's trying to, uh, Well, I'm aware of that, sir, but I'm trying to explain to you that one man doesn't dictate what everybody else is going to do. You know, he made that comment in the article that was in yesterday's Halandale, died just about he keeps contacting the sponsors. And he just doesn't understand. They keep advertising on the station. Well, here we've got an individual who doesn't understand that every time he tells somebody something, they're not going to the world doesn't operate based on what he says, including this program and this radio station and our sponsors and the university of my enemy or anybody else. And he only time anybody does respond to it is when they've already got an axe to grind like sunny rose in Bergen, Halandale. So I wouldn't lose a lot of sleep over it. Good. Okay. Thanks, I know. I mean, a university line. I'm not going to retract anything I've said about the U of M. It's like an island. I've said that for ever, it's ever since I've been in this market. The university of my enemy is one of the most peculiar places I've ever encountered as far as a university. It's like not even a part. It's like it's not connected to any other part of this community in any way, but it's not just a great performance and that's unfortunate. That isn't to say that there aren't any good people over there or that I don't like the university, but it just happens to be a fact. And if I say that I don't care for the football program or coach Johnson, I'm entitled to say that. You see, because I said that also letters were sent over there and, oh, he can't say these things and my, my, my, my, I hate to break the news to you. You see, it doesn't have anything to do with the content of the programming being sexual or this or that it has to do with the fact that I can't say anything. That this individual doesn't approve of and is on mind. And if I want to criticize the university football program, if I want to criticize Don Shula, if I want to criticize Joe Robby, I have just as much right to do that as anybody else does. So, you know, when you see this pattern of things that go on to make it clear, it isn't just the question of whether, what's on material we play on here is tasteless or whatever the allegations about senior citizens, it's anything. I mean, you name it. Whether we're talking about dog food, about U of M football, about anything I can think of. I don't like talking about the lottery. Yeah, yeah, for back. The lottery Rebecca Paul. I mean, you know, anybody who can't see through this transparent window of what this really is, a malicious, hateful outrageous campaign to deprive me of a right to earn a living and to get me off the air. On now three consecutive radio station, if you can't see it, then you're blind. Okay. I mean, it goes from even listeners like that poor lady in the church who had the audacity to call in the air, say she and her pastor enjoy the show. And when she identified the church as soon as I hung up with her, bingo, there goes her phone. And it was only when she threatened to call a state attorney's office and press charges for harassment on the phone, that all of a sudden these phone calls staff. And I have letters from her to back it up. But anyway, be that as it may, we're out of time for the sour and April standing by with a 12 o'clock WIOD. News will come back for our number three, a 12 o'clock, five steam from two to six sports talk at 605. And I think it's Hurricane baseball tonight, right? 730 from our Black Stadium. WIOD. Good WIOD. Now what are you doing this afternoon? We're going to guess. You believe him? He, I talk to him also. I'm going to stay up there. Okay, we're trying to promote him and he's sitting here just gluing to some nonsense. He's reading. Anyway, speaking of nonsense, here is a great note again from our friend Adam and Hollywood who writes, Dear broadcast, Nile, I've noticed that both you and your show have been not been using the word, growth test because often as you used to, would you please start using growth test or an alternative such as repulsive or slimy? Nile, I'm surprised you're starting to slack off. Here's hoping you have a growth test day with the slimy spurred, grow test clear, Adam Stein and family. P.S. you know how to say growth test can Hebrew, I have an acclue. Last sentence there is probably a cup on Adam. He hasn't acclue either. It says it better than anything. It's 12 o'clock, a WIOD. The Palm Beach line continues to be the one dormant line in the board and we love it man. We're really excited about a 655-9463. 655-WIOD. We got a great stack of mail today and Mr. Disney, we understand is drowning in a sea of mail. We thank everybody for it, but don't become smug in complacent, okay? Because that would be really grow test if you did that. Yeah, we want it. We need your support letters. Yeah, we want the letters to support. Oh, look at this, it just keeps on coming. If there was money in every one of these, then we would be happy to get off the air. There was enough. Okay, let's go to Miami, hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. I think your voice is grow test in Hebrew. Yeah, your voice can be grow test. Yeah. Although tissue buff is grow test in this. I used to be saying rows and birds old, mixed or neighbor. When you lived in the back of Golden Island. Let me tell you, wait a minute, let's rephrase the way you said that. Because I don't think sunny could have an old next door neighbor. Yeah, actually my family lived next to them. I was in about the age grade at the time. And I just wanted to tell Sony that he was listening. That it was me and my bunk friends who always used to steal his fun tablet before he could get at it. You know, he used to come out and yell at us because he was the only one in the whole street to hire other people to come and break his leaves. So they'd be nice and nice packages and everything like that. We'd write up by the suit because he was such a mean-all man, you know? Hmm. But I thought I'd like- What am I favorite? So I'd tell you that. I was my parents would tell me and my friends just stop making noise because the roads and birds are getting mad. I'm glad we never listened to them. I've got a graduation surfer of grade-pubes. Yeah, that's a thank you. Okay. 1208 at WIWD. We have an open line in date, 751. 9409. What am I opening this mail for? I'm never going to get too all of it during the show. Too much. Although it does make a lot of good noise, so I like that. We got a mobile- What is that on the Palm Beach line? Yeah, that's the old- It's the old-body on there. You're right. There ain't nobody on there. They disappear. Well, I goes to show you what kind of a line at it is. Let's be something really like hot about that line. Like when you call in, it makes your phone a fry or something. It's kind of like the Ted Bundy line, I guess. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Well, I just wanted to-I got a good point in the bad point. I want to say first of all, I like your show and I do think you're getting harassed and, you know, especially that how and they'll think. But, you know, you think everyone is homophobic. Um, perhaps you're just being a little homo paranoid. Oh, really? I mean, you know, you're seeing people attacking you and you think that it's just, you know, well, maybe one of the main reasons. Because- Well, sir, when I've been involved in it for 19 months and when almost every letter that this individual sends out contains lines about my trolling for sex from teenage boys on the ear, I think I have a pretty good idea of where this individual is coming from, okay? Although evidently you're an expert on the whole situation, right? No, no, no, no, not an expert at all. I'm just saying, you know, maybe you're just using this. Maybe he really doesn't even care that you're almost saying. No, I disagree with you wholeheartedly, okay? Because if it weren't for that, there wouldn't be any campaign and none of this would have ever happened to assure you. Go to the bank on it. I don't know, because I personally, I don't really care very much for homosexuals. Really? Yeah, you know, it's just, you know, some people just don't. I mean, you know, why are you listening to the show? Because I think you're a funny man. You know, what difference does it make to you? What other people are doing in their bedroom? Why is that of any interest to you? It isn't actually, but I hope it will let's look at it in the call. I think 10 minutes past 12 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751-9463-751-WIOD. The call so far, the power have been un-bullievable. In, right up to it. Really, something. Look at us. Here's a article by Jeff Lemlich. Jeff? Jeffree? Do you know who that is? No. Oh, yeah. He used to be a Bordob at WIO snooze. Through the past, smartly, it's an article about soft Florida radio days. And it goes down about the old days of South Florida rock radio, including WIOD, which this station used to be many years ago. Rick Job, Biggie Nevin's Buddy Holloway. And it says, that clear the way for the brand new WIOD. If you went to WIOD, you had seven-idea under the Alpeat Connors, Frank Warg, Jim Tucker Gary Stevens, building, John and Gilbert and Danny Dark. Danny Dark? Yeah. I don't know Danny. I think he means Johnny Dark. He wasn't in that few hands. Oh, he wasn't the writer of the letter, thought he might have met Danny Dark. Probably same thing. Danny's probably in the dark. Okay, it's probably his past noon. We have an opening on Palm Beach, which continues. Can we just check that line one time? Yeah. I'm sure it's a dial tone, but you never know. Yeah, it is. Five-fear-lot more comfortable about Palm Beach. Do you even give that out Steve and have you even give out Palm Beach? No, but can I do, um, can I do my spot for Toyota of Hollywood? Oh, yeah. And I want to refer again to that brilliant call at Steve had yesterday from the young guy who is driving his pickup truck. I hope he has a real good time with his pickup truck out there today. And he was talking about how the Toyota is a woman's car and a smooth line. I mean, his kid really, you know, I understand how it is to be jealous. Okay, you can't afford a super. You can't even probably afford a carola kid. So continue driving your pickup truck and when you grow up and get to be a real human being. You can go over there and afford one of those hot and new beautiful 89 Toyota's like that great Silicon convertible at Steve Baudleurie or that super turbo with John driving, which is a beautiful automobile with all the extras. I mean, it's so luxurious that it's, I mean, it's incredible. Okay, I want to start laying it on pal, but that's the way it goes. And I park it right next to my Corvette kid, so it's really tremendous. But anyway, if you want a sensational deal, great selection and super people. I mean, people are so nice. You're going to just freak out. You'll say, this can't be an auto dealership. I got to be dreaming. They really are tremendous folks to do business with that Toyota of Hollywood 441 between Tampton, Sheridan, Streets in Hollywood. Is it guy? I don't know. That's Steve. It's just, they see this light when he gets in a business man. He's really going to be dangerous. On the air, that last, but that was good. Now see, we, in fact, have to do it on our new format. Back after each break and be in the middle of a sentence. And at Priestie audience, not because then they wonder what they missed. Okay. It's kind of like last night, Ward Downey Show where everything will be bleached out. I'm serious. I've never a mile I've seen a show. It got to the point where, like, for about a five minute period, every third or fourth word was bleep, bleep, you know, there was just silence there. And you knew, and you could see some of the words that we're saying, formed with a lips, you know, as in prick your finger, things like that. Exactly. It was shocking to me. But then again, I don't live in a major metropolitan market like this. For Paul and Market, like Houston, for Dallas, because they're supposed to sophisticated over there. Okay. Let's move right along here to another sophisticated community. Sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Neil, I'm a former Rochesterian. I'll be darned. And I had my daughter here last three weeks. And she saw your picture either on television or on the paper. Yeah. And she says, I know that guy. Really? Yeah. She says, I went to school with him right in high. No. Well, I didn't go to Brighton High, went to Brighton Elementary. Well, that's what she said, Brighton. And she's a see around the arena drive. Do you want to drive? Do you want to drive? Do you want to drive? Are you serious? Yeah. Oh, my God. What's her name? Marsha. Marsha Cone. I can't believe this boy. That is incredible. That's a long time ago, boy. It's like from another life time. Yeah. She said she used to see it down above in the crossroads. Yeah. And the other day, you were talking about baseball. Yes. I used to run to catch baseball from Miami University. Right, for six years. Well, Mel, what's the great? Mel Allen. Mel Allen said the best radio broadcaster for baseball was a fellow but name of Gunner Week. You ever heard Gunner Week? Oh, and that's I've heard the name, but that's before I was born. He was in Rochester. Really? W.H.M. He was the best ever-loved. You remember Tom Decker? Yes. And you know, Jack Buck used to work in Rochester too to the Red Wing games. Yeah. But Tom Decker, he was, well, he was true with the TV about 10, 12 years ago. Yeah, he's working somewhere else now. There's really good looking guy. He's a nice guy. That's a lot of it. And have you been to birth cottage? Sure. On, on what I have. Yes, I have. And we used to be members of that. I was a bar mitz for the temple Beth Schollum, which I'm sure everybody's excited about. I don't know if I have that. That is correct. Yeah. And I've been to temples around here. But there isn't any temple around here that compares to birth cottage. Well, let me say this. It would be a big help if they'd stop letting the goiam in the temple here. You know? It's just too many goiams. That would go over. Yeah. If they let a few Jews in the temple, it might be a little more uplifting. I'm a hexapostoe. I mean, when they bring out the holy water in the cross, that's when I just can't deal with that. But listen, it's great hearing from you. And give them my regards to Marcher. Yes. Yes. And I have more to say about our calculator. Okay, drop me a note sometime. I'd love to get in touch with you. Drop me a card or a letter. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. That's incredible. Not just the other day. I had a long hour chat at home with my friend Bob Perlman from Michigan State from God. I see here we go again. I've some Schmerel, some redneck from Lakeland called it. Oh, hey buddy. Don't mind. Let's talk about ABC liquor. But if I get somebody from Rochester or Michigan State who calls in. Right away. So let me just listen to you. Let me say this to you. Okay. Let me say this to you in all sincerity. The last time I checked the name of the show was the Neil Rogers show. Okay. Now I was born and raised in Upstate New York. It's one of my great interests. I went to school at Michigan State. Why didn't we really go to school because I never went to class. But I attended briefly Michigan State for a couple of years. And I worked at Michigan for 12 years. Those are two important parts of my life. Now when it becomes the Glenn Hill show at that point we can talk about Lakeland. That's great length. We can even invite Captain Dave over to talk about Milton, which I think we could probably do What? Four or five minutes on that. I don't do it. Don't you think I would be interested in him. Don't you think I would? We have to. You have to see. And you have all of it. My friend of you have all these papers. Those are good times for you to catch up on your home work. Rather than getting sorely and better than pushing the microwave making banging. You know, I thought that was accident. I noticed that. Well, I probably kept saying and that's what kind of kind of frightened. Correct. In fact, you notice he had a lot more to talk about. I kind of want to make it ponderous. Although I would be delighted to have him call back. And we can do the rest of the show on it. You can get a head start on the weekend. Don't you think I would love to talk about child to two childhood friends of mine? Here's a um, but that's incredible. I went to school with Marsha. There's a how would you recognize me? That's got to be, uh, let's see. Elementary school is through what seventh grade. A sixth grade. I went through sixth grade and brightened. So that's like about 11 or 12 years old. And here she recognized me. I can't believe it. Well, thanks a lot. It's incredible. I think it's great. But it frightened me because after every sentence, there came a big long A and D. That is correct. Every time. These are letters and cards. By the way, I send sensational. And we appreciate them very much. I'm just opening my mouth. Here's one. Even addressed to you, which I'm sorry. I couldn't have had during that call. You're keeping you keep you very busy. And you went to gotten so early. Okay. He gets, uh, very upset. Oh, yeah. We would love some fruit. Wouldn't you like some fruit? Sure. You know what? I like those sealess grapes. Man, I love that. Because I'm really going to have a big week on neutral system. I don't want to let slindon Susan down again. Well, look at this here from actually from Palm Beach County. We're getting some letters too. How do you like that? That's it. Open it up and bang the mic around a little bit. It's a little bit cold to open. I like making all this noise. Okay. Let's go to a mobile on 95. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What's your prediction on the amongst first thing a conductors tonight? Oh, great. I think the emerged by two goals probably. Okay. I wanted to bet that one. I just wanted to make sure. Hey, listen. I'm driving on 95. And I'm passing by magic gear. And I don't know if the rumors true on Larry can. But I see a six foot chair being delivered right now coming out of the van. Oh, my gosh. I just got a copy of a letter. Oh, boy. I just got a copy of a letter in regard to the halloween thing that is just going to fraud. It's going to drive people up the wall. I hang up and let you read it. Thanks a lot. Hi. Now, I'm not going to read the letter per se. But when you see this during the break, this is like, remember when Nixon was in all a hot water and water gate was going on. And then they finally got that one tape and they called the smoking gun. Sure. And as a turny threatened to resign if he didn't release the tape. Well, here's the smoking gun letter that somebody sent me a copy of the city of Hallendale Council. Right. Oh, boy. And guess who sent the letter? Uh huh. And you know, the interesting part of it is I want to make this very clear. The young man who called from University of Miami was all upset about the letter or the article on a front page again, because it's an article in a publication like the hurricane. Again, it's a legitimate news story. Okay. Sure. So, and there will be more news stories because I have some appointments to interview with some other people and the news stories are going to continue. And as the news stories do continue, we'll be able to more and more to discuss according to that. Even assuming that agreement with his valid, which most of us don't think it is. But even if it were, we'll be able to discuss these things because it does make the exception whether there is a legitimate news story. And I'm always discussing it. And certainly the city of Halendale thing is a very legitimate news story. It's been in the major newspapers, et cetera, in Dayton, Broward County's. And here is a copy of the letter, which was sent to the Halendale City Council. I thought it was commissioned myself. Excellent. But, um, and interesting. Here's a long list of sponsors of this program. Hmm. Oh, this is going to be very, very interesting. And I think these senior citizens in Halendale, who passed this along. I appreciate it. Very much. It's 1223 at WIOD. Now if you were listening earlier, Sharon hit my car and they put the low jack device in the car. And then they went out and tracked her down. And they give her like a head start, you know, in the 1227 at WIOD. I want to tell you something. I'm reading these six allegations made in this letter by this attorney to the city of Halendale. They are so outrageous and so ridiculous. And everything that's in here is twisted by the intent. That was said was in humor. And each of these things has been taken and suggesting that it was said seriously by me on this progarious seriously. It is incredible. Okay. There is also here a list of sponsors of this program. Local businesses that know the content of Roger Show, which includes trolling 14-age boys, playing filthy songs and other recordings illegally. Targeting citizens for debt threats, bomb threats and other harassment of supported the show financially. And here is a list. Oh boy. This is the smoking gun. Even Richard Nixon himself would be doing a tap dance over this. Okay. And again, thanks to gentlemen Halendale who sent that along to me. Okay. We have an open line in Boka at 2789463. 278 WIOD and one in Palm Beach. And here is a list of five 9463 655 WIOD. Shocking. What does it do? My name is hello. Hello, dear. Hello. How are you? Good. Hi. Request. Yeah, I just can't wait. What's the crank we press here? The AFL 95. Is that it sir? Is that the best you can do? That's ours. What? That's ours. Okay. Go ahead. Madam Muscle. How are you, please? Get lost. This is the same guy who called on Steve Show a couple of days ago with a gutterle sound. We have an open line in Dave County. 71519463751 WIOD. Meanwhile, let's move to Hallendale. Hello. Yes. Deal. Yeah. I just, uh, the commission meeting on Channel 25. They played it again. Oh, did they do a number on your body? Mm-hmm. Unbelievable. How long was today? I think it was. No, I just turned it off. One person. Well, I don't know what it was. Why don't you tell us what it was? What the tape? What you saw. Basically, what they said in that letter, that you just received from a guy about the bomb threats. How the turning I will not mention his name. He has been over a ghosting, uh, trying to pull his sponsorship off of WIOD. Yeah, with obvious great success, right? Right. I mean, it goes on and on and on. But, uh, one commissioner, Cohen, uh, he's playing the Hellendale song. And he's like leading the orchestra at WIZHAND. Mm-hmm. No one had saw over towards the end of the meeting. He says, this is terrible. You know, we've got to do something about this. Yeah. Just unholyable. Mm-hmm. They're really trying to do a number up here, honey. Okay. Well, don't, uh, don't lose any sleep over. Oh, my God. I'm not going to. I'm not losing any either. Good man. Okay. Thanks, buddy. 1230 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. We've got a number of four 9463, five, two, four, WIOD. Yeah. This stuff is really terrible, man. That Hellendale VICE. Oh, God. And Hellendale VICE 2 now, which is even adds more frosting to be old cake, so to speak. But, like I said, we've got the smoking gun right here, and boy, it is just phenomenal. I think the gentleman who sent me this letter. I have no idea where he got it. I can imagine. But again, you know, it's a letter to the city council, so it's certainly ought to be a matter of public record. I just can't imagine where he got it, but I'm just, I don't think he realizes what a tremendous Hellendale VICE provided to us. Just trying to create his much problem for this radio station in this company as he possibly can, and just trying to find any sympathetic ear that he can for this malicious witch hunt of his. Okay. That's the bottom line. Miami. Hello. Couple things. Yeah. How does this guy earn a living? I haven't got any ideas. It's a very excellent question. Is your competitors pay him or what? I haven't got any idea how he earns a living. No idea. Apparently he just takes the show and then edits the show at night. Yeah. And just goes sponsors during. Well, now that Steve is on, let's see, he's got to, when it was on, I am, I am, I am zoo. Well, I'm taping Steve, a stand show. Now I haven't only has to tape Steve show as well. Now what that was that we were just hearing there. I have no idea. But, um, consider this story really does make you think about someone's life with a life. About 31 a W. I. And opening in date 7519463 Palm Beach continues to be dormant. This is, this is probably the worst day on a Palm Beach line since we've been on this station. I mean, I think we've had like two calls on there in a whole show, which is okay. But I just don't know. Like you said, it could be dropping a metamuteal bombs on Palm Beach. You know, people up there for that. It's just a lost cause. Yeah. Uh, oh, look at this. Here's equal time for Glenn. Here's somebody in Tamarack, hello. Hi. Hi. This is the first time I'm calling, but I think this is a very important issue here. Uh, I went to school with Glenn. We attended, uh, G.C. and F.A.U. together in the testing. Wow. And I think a lot of people don't realize that Glenn has a degree in, you know, been in broadcasting for many years. And he's not just sitting around as your son, I could. Yeah. Um, well, it is hard to relate to that. Uh, I'm so Glenn doesn't remember me. My name is Rita. Rita, I do remember you. Do you? Okay. I'm in public relations, man. Uh-huh. Yeah. I guess you had to speak Craig all so when we, yeah, Dr. Dr. Mary. Dr. Mary. You know, and, uh, in fact, I did a paper on it and take a paper. And, you know, we realize how important it is that we protect these right. Yeah, that's true. And I don't want to leave nail art. Um, I lived in Buffalo and I lived in Rochester. Uh, you're just an aromg. Yeah, that's great with us. Yeah, I, my ex-husband went to, um, Eastman, Dental Center in Rochester. We lived at the University of Rochester in Wipple Park. Fancy. But we don't want to talk about your way to heart. We really turned this car around for about a year. We're going to make everyone equal here. We're talking about FAU. Okay. You have a great day. Okay. Bye. Oh, that was nice. It was nice. And he'd go, we have an open line in Broward now. 5249463. 524Wild. And if you're looking for a different and exciting night of entertainment tonight for the whole family come out to pop a day. The number you have reached has been changed. The new number is. Please make a note of it. I sure will. 12372321. Steve has opened phones. And in sports talk at 605, I don't know if we got baseball tonight or not. Dorothy was in here and she said, I'm not sure if we're doing a game and she was going to check on it and she never came back. What happened to Dorothy? Did somebody did she steal my car and took off with it, boy? I think we planted some ideas. Any will will find out. I know the hurricanes are planted at 730, but we will find out. Right? Yeah. I think somebody, oh, I guess I shouldn't mention it because, you know, and it's a university of Miami and hurricanes. Exactly. What is this thinking? Any will will take a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Here's my one. I want to let you know. I've been listening to you on the occasion of five of the name is now on my call and once in a while. There are a lot of listeners up here as a matter of fact. I don't want to small company. I employ nine people, six of which are over 65 years of age. And all those blue hero old spots love you show. I insist that the radio station be upon during the day when they work. And they wouldn't come to work. I think at this point that they were listening to you. You have more support than you could possibly reveal. Thank you. I appreciate it. Take a little take a little bite. Bye. Now we don't have Keynes baseball tonight. And I think the reason being that Keynes basketball tomorrow night is in Chicago. They're playing at D. Paul. And as a result, sunny in the share and Joe will be there, right? Yes, sir. Baseball tonight is more but steady in my O.D. Is that one a target for any Joe? Is that what I just said? That one's right on the side. Exactly what you said. So we're not carrying a game. I mean, I'll be happy to go over and do the game. I think I probably could because I did it for six years. But I could probably go over and do it. But we won't just won't do it. I think because that would get somebody in the Gables upset. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. How long has he been here? Just like this. Very short time. I bring him back in here. Anyway, it's 12.39. I don't want to scare him. You know, right off the first week. 21 till don't. Please don't. Don't. Don't. Don't want. Oh, I see. Now, do we have a double set of standards here or what? Okay. Now, April, you're getting to sound like our friend. Okay. And again, I don't. I think that's a little strong. No, you're getting to sound just a little. You know how it starts. It starts like a serious disease with little cough. Yeah. Starting to sound just like some other folks we know. It's okay. If April comes in here or, um, jail or anybody else. And you, you're just absolutely falling all over them. But if I just make a comment that we have this intern here, happens to be a fine young man. But I legal age. But we don't want to get anybody upset. I said, right, you want to be fair. It gets mentioned when I do that too. Nonetheless, so we're trying to make a joke out of it. We don't say stop. Now, you would agree that our young friend there in the newsroom. Our intern is a very charming young man. Wouldn't you? Yeah, see, sharing a gris. She knows I have impeccable taste. It's just a nice guy. I don't want to scare him. But you will never, I guarantee he'll never come back and actually do you. Okay. Did you give this to the appropriate authorities? Great. Boy, you're just on top of it. You know, and it's amazing. She's still got the handcuffs on. That's incredible, part. Okay. It's 1240, 20 till 1 at WIOD. See, I've tried to explain this to you folks before. I have all people, not to understand. I understand. When somebody expresses the fact, I mean, this thing, I mean, the fact that most of us would like to be really good looking. Okay. I don't know anybody who wants to be ugly, like most of us are. In fact, when you go into a shopping mall, you see most of the people are either. They're like average to ugly. You know, if you had a Richter scale, right? Wouldn't you agree with that? And that's why the people are exceptionally good looking. They stand out. I don't know. If everybody looked the same, if everybody looked great, then relatively speaking, nobody would look great. Follow me or am I making you confusing? I'm not. So when you see somebody who's really pleasant looking, I don't want to get into a whole thing. You know, somebody looks good. And then you say it, that's not a big song. It's a compliment. You said, I don't know. People who become insecure because somebody that doesn't mean necessarily that they want to jump on your bones and make wild passion and love and do things all they might. Yeah. All you might was, I don't want to scare him. And I said, please don't. That's all I said. Please don't scare him. He's been around here. I understand. It's just a radio show. Okay. It's just a radio show. Did I go running out of the chair and run up there and put my arm around his waist and kiss him passionately on the cheek? No. No. Yeah. And then I said, how 41, he is going to get upset. It's just a radio show. I'll book it nervous. It's just one of those things. It's just that we work with so many ugly people that on those rare occasions when we see anybody who looks even human we get nervous. Okay. That's why when April comes in here, she generally winds up trying to rearrange your clothing on the way. And that gets mentioned. Anyway, let's move along to Miami. Hello. Hey, honey. Howdy. Howdy. What's happening? Hey, dude. How's going? Hey, pal. I'm going to get back to what it was before this stuff came up. Well, what do you mean by that? Yeah, because all this last couple of haters been about. Hey, let me tell you something. Okay. In the beginning of the show, I went on a great. I went on a great length about the more downed junior show last night, which does have some relationship to this other thing because they were talking about so called Schlok radio and TV and about community standards. But I mean, we've had like two calls of people who saw the show and that's it. And joy was here yesterday and we talked him about being on there. And we invited it. And this audience is into this thing. I mean, this is you got to understand this is not a minor drop in the bucket this thing. I know it's been going on for nineteen months. We haven't been able to talk about it at all in the past. And now that it's a legitimate news story all over the place now we've got a different situation and people wanted to discuss it. This is exciting. Sir, you can't get into it. Oh, no. I'm getting into it. But I'm getting to the point where I want to get back to what we used to be doing. Yeah. Well, that'll happen. Yeah. I'll tell you the sooner it'll happen is when these people, including this one individual, and the city commissioned in Hallen Bay, London, that they can't act as little dictators and coerce us in the saying and doing only what they approve of. Okay. That's not how the media works. Oh, he doesn't have to do that, right? Does he? No, he doesn't. Oh, I'm saying. I just wanted to check with you. I'm not really talking about what does here. So what's this from the phobic name? Somebody who is hateful or fearful or both of homosexuals. Okay. Now I got to clear it up. Okay. Now I need to call somebody. Do you back, please let me? Yes sir. You've all had it narrow minded back. What did monster you are, appeared to be back? Okay, but I don't know that is okay, right? Well, yeah, if it get is, it's, uh. Yeah, okay. Have a nice day. I mean, you did so well. I wouldn't want you to score that. Okay. You really did a beautiful job. You got all the good ones in there. And you just didn't step over to line. 1244 at WIO Day. We have an open line in date. 751, 9463, 751 WIO Day. It's a very exciting day because we now have the smoking gun letter, which is incredibly inflammatory and outrageous. And again, as usual, taking things that I've said and twisting them and distorting them. And you could do this to any comic. You could do it to Eddie Murphy to Don Rickles to Richard prior to anybody. Who does humor? Certainly to Howard Stern to those guys in Houston to Tanner to almost any controversial radio or TV person out of your comic that I can think of. And I think that's what I'm talking about actually issues and things. And who does satire? Yeah. And oh, here's what they said. And they met it, you know, and always is though it's intended seriously and not in humor. The perfect example is David Letterman. No, you could do with incredible incredible. Absolutely. Move it right along. Helen Dale, hello. Hello. My name is Hayme Kets and president of a group called Concern Citizens of Helen Dale. Oh, what a funny voice. I'm a funny. Can't you do a better funny voice? This is my voice. I'm sorry. No, it's not your voice. No, do a real voice. Who would do a different voice? Do a different voice. Come on. This is my voice. Who would Chinese voice? Okay. I'm hurting everyone in the middle. Okay. No, 45 in W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Palm Beach. I just very unusual. 65, 5, 9, 4, 6, 3. I'm going to give this Palm Beach line one more time and then I'm no seriously. It doesn't really make a big difference because all the other lines have been a little bit all day. But it's almost like it's intentional. You know what I mean? It's almost like they're organized up there like they're going to ignore us. Come have a high water. 65, 5, W.I.O.D. I realized Lee Fawler's got the collectibles guy on again today and we can't compete with that. But it got to be a few stragglers record somewhere. Uh, there it goes. Plantation. Hello. Come on. A line checker. Yes. Hi, Neil. Yes. I listen last night, but I didn't understand. The things that we said. Well, it was a horrible show. Yes. And I heard more. Murdered deal mentioned in California and Texas. Yeah, with a banjo on their name. But nothing made sense to me. Well, that's more downy. Don't understand that too. Show. Well, I've seen a show, but my assignment was impossible. And then I wanted to get back to non-slaming and find out what they were. They picked up that. That. That. That. Yeah. Yeah. That. Uh, then I switched back and I still had when they put the two things. I don't know what that means. Which two fingers were there? Yeah. That's what I'm trying to do. Yeah. Look down. The second and third. Better watch yourself. Not going yourself accordingly. No. That's what I was worried about. Yeah. I didn't see it. I forgot all about not slanting last night. Well, nothing's happened. Yeah. That's what I mean. It'll be. See, not slanting is one of those shows. You can miss four or five weeks and then come back and get right in the swing over the game. I didn't know I got involved with dying in the street. Oh, cool. And then I went back to the dinner class. Oh, God. And put there. Getting to a breeze. I don't know what's going to happen. That's the new one. Well, get to town. You're going to school. Yeah. It's a hell live in it. Oh, everything's going to go. Everything's going to stop. I know. And that's why more Downey show was. It was. It made out of made sense. But it was timely because it was so confusing and I like stuff. And it fit writing with everything else. Yeah. And what's the. Is he finished? Yeah. I don't think so. He's probably got another 20 30 million to make before he's finished. Well, I didn't mean that. I mean he's off the. No, he's not. Oh, I thought. Who told you that? No, I thought I heard that. No, he's not off. He wasn't on a show last night because he doesn't do those group encounters like that. In addition to which he comes off very badly on TV. You know, when you look like twisted sister on a bad day, TV is just not your medium. By the way, now that you've got your dog trained, you can take them down to the Helen Bill. Did he commission? Yes. Oh, there. They're there. That would be good. They can make like go into the bank. Make a few deposits. Yeah. Right. Okay. You have a good weekend now. By 1248 is WIOD. We have two open lines in Broward now. Another. We got Tom Beach going out Broward's five two four nine four six three five two four WIOD. And I want to talk to you now about a great way to lose some weight. Keep it off. You feel better. Look better. We're some clothing that civilized sizes. And of course, we are talking about new truss system in there. Tremendous weight loss programs. Not a diet. It's not a fat. It's not a gimmick. There are no pills. There are no promises of wild overnight weight loss. You have to have a positive attitude and really work at it. Fat rich is up to almost 45 times. It's 44. I'm a 31 pounds lost. And this week, I'm really going to get in the swing of it again after a couple of weeks in Limbo. So we got lots of folks just here at IOD who have lost all kinds of weight and are keeping it off. You know, you can lose weight and almost any kind of a diet but keeping it off is the important part. And new truss system has a sensible, complete maintenance program to help you keep that weight off forever. For your no obligation, computerized weight loss consultation, you call him right now. 1 800 3 4 4 84 46. That's 1 800 3 4 4 10. Please tell me your Rogers at WIOD told you to call. Now, more with Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 6-10 WIOD in Crenable, 1252 at WIOD. We got a mobile in Broward. Hello. Dale, how are you? Good. Good. This is a real mobile. We can tell. You don't even have to tut your finger. Okay, Neil. Listen, the I call to see a couple days ago. I don't know if you heard me. I'm the supervisor for the department and how on bail. Yes, I did hear that call. Okay. Well, this morning, just make a little long story short. I was at a memo on my desk to go to the directors office. You may end up. Well, yeah, the call's breaking up. We're going to bed. Yeah. I'm trying to prove it. Is there you go? That's better now. Yes, better. Okay. Pulled over to, we're just out of the road. I was called into director's office this morning. And I was presented with a report for an subordination towards Mr. Intendolent, towards our public works director. Because we support it. Really? I'm trying to get to you. I want to get out of the office. I'm going to go to one of these places where they have the fact that I'm going to back to the area. And basically what they're doing is they're asking for my resignation or I'll be facing this mental charges. Just let you know what kind of the cater ship we have going here. Well, it's not interesting. I think when we get that in the fast machine, we'll send a copy along to our attorney Norm Kenton. Perhaps he would like to contact the city hall and they on your behalf and suggest that that kind of fascism is inappropriate. No matter what your position is, you're still in total to your own free opinion. I really would appreciate it. Now, this is because you called in and said that this was the call about the emergency telephones being tied up in how long they'll set the call. No, I'm a supervisor when I see the Department of Public Works and even though I called with total and I didn't want to be known and somebody recognized me and they even played a recording back to the director. According. And he confronted me and I go, yes, I did call and that's the way I'm going to be known. I like to voice my opinion. I think it's my right because that's what I believe in. And he goes, you know, you can have serious charges, but against you because that's the coordination to our county manager and to our city manager rather and our mayor and your director and general go, well, that's the way I feel. So this morning, I said I walked in. I had a memo to go down and sit all and sure enough there's I was presented with this letter of recommend. Incredible. There's a lot nice to know the kind of folks that we're dealing with. It's a lot of things, but it's a lot of things that are going to be known over there. Just to let you know, Neil, we still back up 100% and I got a meeting this afternoon, this five o'clock with a rep from the ACLU on this case. Thanks, no. Great. Go get him. Okay. Thanks very much. Good luck. Great show in keep going. Thanks a lot, hi. Isn't that something? Sure is. It's really, seriously. It sounds like we're dealing with the Joseph Gerbel school of broadcasting, the really getting more and more to show a while we keep talking about these things. You know, this mentality, you know, the seeds that are planted with this kind of mentality are what leads to the kind of thing that this world has been through all for an over again. And you just don't sit back and let people start picking and choosing what you can say and who can say what and when they can say it, it's unacceptable. Yes, man. You need that. Oh, great. That's another class. Oh, yeah. We could write a book with a community case that are going back and forth all over the place all over the smoking gun. This is sensational. This is incredible. Miami. Hello. Well, Neil. Yes. Yeah. I'm calling on the University of Miami student. I mean, this whole situation scares me to death with this one guy can do. No, no. Yeah, it's amazing. A one person can create through just a ceaseless, never-ending malicious campaign can create so much havoc and nuisance that it just almost, you know, if you weren't involved in it, you would never believe it. Yeah. I happen to work for the Miami hurricane, although I wasn't involved in the article that came in, but I thought the letter to Skyro, which I guess you're aware of. Yeah. What does Skyro want to do with this guy who's not in the middle of the world? Well, one second, the gentleman had just called us from Helen. They'll know him. Can't. Would like to speak to him. And he can call Norm. It's in Broward, 763, 1900. 763, 1900. The very happy to see you. Miami, totally disassociate with your show. And I guess I was the general. What's guys not a student at you or them? He's not a faculty member. Well, again, keep in mind that he wrote his letter to the city of Halandale. It lives in coral geobals, okay? Now, what in the world has city of Halandale government got to do with someone who lived in the geobals, other than the fact that we play a couple of pieces of musical pieces on the air that are satirical, spousive Halandale? Yeah, nothing. Is I don't know if you read the hurricane article? No. We have a news article and it wasn't opinion injected into the article. However, it was very biased to inside. Well, no question about it because as I said, this kid who wrote it that I've talked to the other day, he said to me, well, you know, I heard you last week take a couple of shots at the University. I said, so what about it? I said, isn't it a free country? I've been taking shots at the University for years. And I just said it again today. The University is like an island. And it's unfortunate. But it is a true. And everybody I talked to, one of the conversation comes up. They agree. I've never had anybody disagree with that statement. Yeah. And even scarier thing is if they come out with this, the opinion, the editorial opinion policy, also hurricane, I don't know if they're going to write this. But is essentially starting with him? I mean, I just feel it's unbelievable. Well, especially, you know, you usually think of campus news papers as being liberal or progressive or open-minded. And I think the fact that what you're telling me is true indicates that what I've said about the University is that what I tend to be stuffed shirts and right wing and, you know, not what you usually expect in a college campus quite the opposite. Yeah, why? And I'm going to say one other thing is I said the other day, if Rona Fraser and the other people in the sports department, they're headed to PAN on support from the student body for the success of their program, they would have quit playing baseball 20 years ago at the U of M, okay? Well, along with the program. And it's a kind of support thing. That's right. And that's another reason that the football team has such poor attendance because, you know, while the rest of the community is wishy, washi, to begin with, if the student body would support it the way they do another college campuses, they'd have that stadium filled every ballgame or close to. What I would say before is I happen to be an opinion writer for the hurricane, although I'm not involved in the overall papers at editorial policy, I'm also a liberal writer. And it's, you know, in the heat mail I get, the havoc just my normal liberal articles call. Well, do you have to remember a lot of the kids that you have a tremendous percentage of them come from a very well-to-do families who tend to be very politically conservative. And, you know, they're, they're into this yuppie thing and all of that kind of stuff. And it's not the kind of political activism that you still see on a lot of other college campuses. You just won't find it there. Yeah, and, you know, one thing I like to say is I'm not, I generally don't listen to your program, not just I like or dislike it just because I don't have the time. Yeah. And then leave a void in my life, but just to thought that one person could do this, you know, really scares me. Yeah. And at some, you know, another point I'd like to make is I don't think anyone could deny that your brand of humor is a sense of the some people. Well, I think that everybody who does this kind of hip-hop in somebody. But I think the big difference is even though you're offensive and even some of your things could even be deem's rates. I don't think you perpetrate heat. I think there's a big difference. Okay. I appreciate it. Hang in there. I will. You too, Leo. Thanks a lot. Okay. We're at the end of the hour. We still have some very interesting stuff coming in there on a fax machine, which is incredible. The spec change. Great. Let me give that fax number again. If you want to send us a letter of support on a fax machine, seven five seven seven seven five one six seven seven seven seven seven five six 16. Or if you don't want to send a letter of support, we had one negative letter yesterday out of the hundreds of came in. And that's okay, too, because what goes around come to round. Okay. We're at the understanding by an aduming standing in the WIOD newsroom with a one o'clock report. We'll come back for our number four and one oh five. Steve at two this afternoon. WIOD, man. Fort Lauderdale, South Florida station for news every hour around the clock is new stock radio. I've won WIOD in days five two four WIOD in growers or six five five and two seven eight WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now here's Neil Rogers on news. Talk radio six ten WIOD. We had a check that the middle cart section when see if it worked. Yeah, it works. Okay. 106 and WIOD. We have one hour to go then. Steve with open phones from two to six sports target six. Five and then again tonight we got our usual lineup of wild night time people right. Right. Limpa and time Snyder and a whole cast of. Shmageggi's okay. All right. Let's go back to your calls. There's a book a call. Hello. Yes sir. Speaking of politics and how and how. How do you know when it's called in how and how. Is this a jokes. It's a plane. Okay. The politicians at the hand in our own pockets. That's cute. I'm up in Boca waiting for that one way bus down there. Okay. Good luck to you. Thank you. Okay. Good day. Open line in the bulk of two seven eight nine four six three. Here's the call within waiting for the super versus the Corvette call. Oh no no no no. If this certain individual is successful and taking you off the air you have. A business opportunity. I don't think you see. If you keep parking the super. Next to the Corvette you might end up with a little a bunch of little super hot dog Clots around. Yeah. That's cute. Yeah. Super. Yeah. Mildly amusing. That's probably. I don't know. I don't know. Three about a minus seven. You got to open flow. That's okay. We just got our fruit from a pantry prod so we're happy. Uh, granted you get the picture that I sent you. Uh, with a previous Facebook cut out of it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to talk. I don't want to talk about that. All right. And I know you've already commented. Uh, Gail was not so bright. I've heard you say a couple times. Oh, no. That's just a little play on words. I know. Oh, it made me sure. The real question is if April were. Uh, for this guy. You're really full of it. You know what, pal? I'm trying. And I bet you've been told that before too. Uh, yeah. I'd say yeah. Here's the guy's comment. I didn't see more in down your last night. Uh, the guy's comment about telling me. He was full of something bright telling him. He needed more fibers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was about the cleanest thing that guys said. I know. All right. You two. Y'all hold on to what y'all got. I'm calling you another week and for you some more. Okay. What do you do to great job of it? Thanks a lot. What a way to WIOD. We have an open line of dates. 751 WIOD. Smell can't. Yeah. There are cantaloupe slices in there. Thanks again to Larry our fruit man. Let's see. You can reach the canlope. I can reach the grapes. And I bet you'll end in Susan are very pleased about this. A few seedless grapes never heard anybody. Okay. I will count them. I promised to count them as I eat them. Okay. I may not necessarily tell anybody how many I eat. But I will actually count them as we go as we move right along. I see a thing of business. Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. I like you to play the candy by song. Would you really? I dare you. Why is that? Because asshole would hardly do. Why? We go take a go. Gargle with chlorox. You can't. What? What? Talk about stone city. I think we're getting some esteemed colors early here. You can keep accusing us. You notice that when steve gets crankles he keeps accusing our people. You know holding over later. But I notice is it gets closer to clock every day. We start getting some of the mouth breathers. For a lot of day. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I hope I can radiate that last call. Yeah. He was really good wanting. I like to voice my support for you. I've been looking for a few years now and I can't believe that this is continuing. I can't either. So join a club. It's shocking. You know what keeping the barrier is that this individual was almost a elected public official of ours. Well, let's not say almost. You got significant number of votes. But you know, 70 to 30 percent is not what you call your close election. That's a two close for my comfort. Yeah. That's true. That's a way to close for my comfort. I mean, if this individual can. Recavic like he's been doing on as a private citizen. You can imagine that as a public official will kind of leverage he would have. That's a good point. You know, the thing that's fascinating is that the public got very little information. I think the median is time to day horrendous job. And they often do a horrendous job. When people, you know, come forward and they run for public offices, especially people are relatively obscure. I think the public's got a hell of a lot right right to know a lot more about these people than just a little blurb somewhere and then an editorial, which is basically what happened in that case. I mean, being the state attorney in any county in the state is a powerful position. And to think that the public had so little information and background in this person, I think is deporable in the newspapers, especially, I should be chastised for it. They did a horrendous job. You're right. They should have done to him what they did to Gary Hart. Well, I'm not saying they should, and you know, I'm not putting it in that perspective, but they certainly should have given us some background in information. You're absolutely right. And that's the whole point of that whole thing. Well, like John Tower. Yeah. In any case, I hope you stick it to this guy like he deserves to be stuck. Okay. Did you catch a president's speech last night? No, I don't, you know, I don't need no dos. You don't need no dos. It was funny. He got to one part. One part of funny guy. Yeah. He got to one part and his speech news talking about taking care of those that are in the shadow of life. And immediately the cameras can't the clock pepper. No, boy. I mean, I thought for sure you were programming that. I'm surprised that I didn't play the four seasons standing in the shadows of love. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Moving along. Grand four tops. But yeah. Go ahead. What a nice thing. The four tops. Well, I'm trying to read into what he's grapes and walking chew gum and we're talking about the president. It's time to hear the hell. My Jerry Ford syndrome. Yes, sir. Grand after watching the presidential speech, I realized that that maniac mercenary that's on Z at the morning. Yeah. Is absolutely wrong. Dan Quail is the luckiest man on the field. Okay. Have a great day. Good day. You're out of time. Thank you, YOD. Let me tell you about char-hot right now. If you're in a mood for YOD on a wonderful Friday man, this is one of the great days in my life. I'll tell you that. Feel like getting out of Alcatraz, right? Did it be close to us? Yeah. Well, not completely, but we're getting there real quickly. Okay. We got a mobile and broward. Hello. Are you doing it, Neil? Okay. This is a two gum in Miami, actually, but I called you on the other line. Well, whatever fits. Yeah. Speaking of Alcatraz, I'm going to be calling you from a long distance of a snapper. Just going Hawaiian next week. Really? Yeah. I'm going on the little vacation. Have you been to Hawaii before? I was there two years ago. Great. With this thing, two other islands is time, though. Mm-hmm. I've got a little report to you last night. I thought it was a funny show. I have a store on TV. During dinner hour, 730, my family usually likes to watch. We're a fortune with the little art attorney there. And we decided to do a little bit more of an educational program and watch one of those news stories. They had a story that two stories that I'm just going to tell you real quickly about. Are you not going to resist? Was this inside story or outside story? Yeah. If it was outside, it must have been in the outhouse. I'll tell you where they picked this one up from. They had a story about a man and a woman that were married in the husband. He came a woman. And now it's her ex husband, but that's that friend. Yeah. And then this one. Can we follow that? I'm going to draw a diagram while you're talking. All right. Let me go back over this now. I know you guys are surprised. A little beautiful outside, but the man and woman were married. And now the man is heart-dressed friend as a female. Yeah. Or anyway. And now there are lesbian lovers. Exactly. And I didn't say that. She did say that she had sex with a male to test to make sure that everything worked. I think. But anyway, the second story was even better. They had a story about the city's fathers in Jacksonville, which kind of reminded me of this little town in. That's where they called Halendale. The city fathers in their infinite wisdom decided to ban topless dancing and selling alcohol in the same establishment. So they got around that. The club owners for a little while by having totally new dancing. Then the city fathers acted real quick on that. And then the bar stopped serving alcohol and just surf drinks. Well, they didn't stop at that to city fathers. They banned all that. All beverages and all bars from serving where there's topless dancing. So the bar owners went out and opened up topless car washing places. And they put like these carplins around the property. And the funny thing is, you know how the cameras were showing the girls dancing. And they have like this, uh, disguising the specler. They have like a prism in front of the woman's breast. And you can see right through it to where everything was. And then they're showing these girls washing the car. And one of the four fighting front of the windshield of our Volvo. You could see everything on the girl. And it didn't blow out of it. It was so funny. Well, this sure beats wheel of fortune. Yeah. I'm telling you, man is getting, man is getting pretty fond of it. You know, well, my son is seven years old. I figured I'd upgrade him from looking at van every night with our costume into some room. No to the on TV. And now he's totally confused. The kids asked me this morning. You're getting out of that. Let me get this straight. The man in woman went married. But now she's a woman. I'm telling you, I'm just getting one of the puzzles on last night's show. The word was pondering. Well, listen, have a great day. Well, I'm in the quick. Oh, yeah, quickly. I had dinner last night at Shahat. And I'll tell you that the best breast in town. Too bad. They can't guys. Have a great life. Okay. Oh, God. The dooker. That was the do. Oh, my God. Was it ever? It's eclectic. Okay. I mean, it's a Friday afternoon. Everybody's a little on a mellow side. Where's my check hero? And we have an open line in Broward. 524 9463. 524 Wild. Let's go to Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. This is a discreet. The stress call from Palm Beach County. I live in a Fort Lauderdale. I mean, we're in Boca. Hello? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I work in Boca. I'm here. I can't keep talking. I'm stopping. Well, moves here. I want to get back to Fort Lauderdale. Well, who's stopping him? No, I want to say something. No, wait a minute. No, seriously. You said you want to get back to Fort Lauderdale. Oh, you want to get the end of the day. But I've got to come up here to work. Oh, I see. I'm glad. I'm living for a lot of time. Well, I'm getting a new job. Yeah, I thought I'm looking for a thing here about two weeks. Could be a lot worse. You could work in Fort Lauderdale and live in Boca. Well, so there's a little silver lining inside every dark thing. When I first came to Fort a couple years ago, I lived in Boca. And I couldn't stand it anymore. I went to Fort Lauderdale. Much better down there. Anyway, a couple years ago, when you run I and Z. Oh, God. Yes. But God, my brother, the Fort Lishon and two. He got his friends to Fort Lishon and two. That was all softball teams. It was just an idea. So every day. Great. Well, we want to say, Heidi, your brother softball team. I want to say something to them. No. The Georgia is a great American. It's in the Jewish bag. OK. Have a great day, sir. Boy, your call was an award winner. Believe me. We also have a lot of listeners in the Navy. How do you like that? Yeah. Because here is a gentleman who is in the Navy. They'll probably get a letter now. And he says, where does it say this? You guys, where does it stand? Oh, yeah. You have several fans in the Navy in our the source of hours of enjoyment. And he also says, when I hear something on your show that I don't like, which is rear, I use a revolutionary little gadget known as the off button. Oh, no. Really? Boy, does Navy get a guy's a US military to figure out something as amazing as that. OK. And by the way, you folks in the Navy, man. Watch those phone banks because God only knows how long it'll take for that first call to come through to the Navy recruiting office. So govern yourselves accordingly, guys. And you know about a lot of those guys in the Navy, right? OK. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. How you doing? OK. I think so. Is it really good? No, how you doing? I'm allowing them to say it again. OK. Good. Listen, folks, that's not so bad. Can, don't say something. I'm so on TV. And it's the tape I was watching last night. I was watching the David Lyderman anniversary special, which was really funny. Anyway, in one of the local breaks, they had the Instead of the top ten list, Channel 4 had the top five reasons. You should stay tuned and watch the news at 11. I remember number three was because you live in Broward and there's snow on that. Other stations, so you may as well keep it on for our use, serious. series. Number two was because Anna Esquique had an interview with Dave and Dave was going to tell Anna all his intermust thoughts. And the number one reason that you said stay tuned to news 4 to 11 was if you don't the news 14 will sing don't worry behalf. Do you know that there's a home of that they're running on channel 4 and I think it's in black and white or parts of it are black and white. I'm almost sure and they show like the heads of some of the anchors. Do you know what I mean? My head in different strange position. Yeah. And Anna is weak in there. It looks like she's just crawling out of the sack. Have you? She's turning her head I swear to you and looks like she's in bed or something. So there's just no end of what they are doing man. And you mark my words the day is coming in this country. I was the one predicted years ago that all his schlok stuff that John now that that would be the mainstream of when people are watching and Lord behold that's what it's become. And my next prediction is that sometime it may take a while but you are going to see topless news somewhere. Could be on cable first. Yeah. But you will see topless news women on TV. Why not? Yeah. It'll make you watch. They'll do 90 here. They get great ratings. And speaking of Anna as well. Anna to use. Just kids. And Anna to speak to her. In it. Anyway, it's 123 a WIO day. And if they choose Terry Miriam and to fill that room just talk about least straightener hair out first. Okay. Because otherwise you look like river Phoenix and I would be in there. I want to tell you about a place where they have the most incredible fresh pasta gourmet pasta. It's called pasta abilities. Yes. We're going to they're going to bring us something next week. Are they? Yeah. I'll be damn boy. I look forward to that because they've brought us food many, many times over the last couple of years. And it is always delicious. It's unique. They now look listen to this. If you're on a special diet they have low cal pasta too. So if you're on critic in or any other kind of diet they have low cal pasta. No egg yolks. No fat. Very low cholesterol. And you don't have to sacrifice taste for calories. You don't have to sacrifice taste for calories. You don't have to have the low calorie but delicious taste. And for a limited time only if you say the aridisense you buy at pasta abilities you'll get a 10% discount on all those fantastic pasta. Long pasta filled pasta. The classic pasta is like shells, eddy, twist and lots of others. And delicious sauces and cheeses as well. And they also have great Italian prepared dinners for you to take out as well. Pasta abilities is located at 1009 southeast 17th Street, cause we in Fort Lauderdale. You can call them at 466-22992. They're open Monday through Friday, 10 to 6 Saturday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. You tell them Neal Center Bible save you 10% at pasta abilities. Now more with Neal Rogers on New York Radio 610 WIOD 126 in WIOD and our next cool is another mobile in Miami on the Palm Beach line of course. I'm the president. Yeah. Hello Neal Howard. Pretty good. What they wanted to tell you is that I learned how to sort of radio off on the weekend thanks to Mr. Disney. Okay so you know I don't like to program on the weekend so I turn it off. Yeah, simple things. Even the best in Neal huh? Well it's not that it just gets you know ridiculous hearing of a show that you just did two days ago. I know I keep telling them they ought to play one from a couple of months ago and these people just don't understand well the other thing I wanted to tell you or say something about was the fact that I own a pickup truck. Wait a minute I have a note from Nick here we are going to be doing that. Okay they finally wise up they're a little slow here you know but they're going to be doing it so by the time you hear it again on Saturday you will have forgotten what it was and the same with the Steve on Sunday. This is great because whenever he's not that long anyway. My neither I can't remember what happened last hour. Okay so getting back to pick up trucks. Yes I mean you know have you been in pickup trucks lately there's a pickup like Cadillac you kid me. I have I have a feeling that the young man who called Steve yesterday did not have a pickup truck that was decked out like a Cadillac. Well I do and I just want to tell you that the interior of this truck is a nice is an ocean or a car. Great. Well I'll stick with my vet my Ferrari in my uh... well you all super are the thing uh... can get a Corvette engine in Chevy Silverado. Great now is this call from a pickup truck yes it is and this is a mobile phone this is I think is our first ever mobile call from a pickup truck. The empty tire going comes from the dashboard off. All right now we like it. Excellent call it's the state history pal. Thank you. Thanks a lot. One 28 a WIO day we have an opening on that Palm Beach line again which has gotten a little not too exciting but a little bit better okay is the day has prepared it's like healing slightly slowly yeah slowly healing. A 655 WIO day and we'll go back to all boy hallendale hello I'd like to get you in a bit of a hurry up to swing that it came and to jab their walker we have an open light and brought it you know that kid just won't give up you know he just air read different kind of voice that's ever been invented just uh uh with a Chinese voice and a Yiddish voice and now with a I don't know what the hell that one was I think was not even Greek a Del Rey hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. You know that's an idea on how long you take for the first discrimination suit. Well I probably have a topless guys on there too which wouldn't be too exciting but uh two thousand on this morning that you know that my team is trying to uh have to take a drug test to get license. Yeah I saw that now isn't that the most ridiculous thing you ever saw in your life what is that going to prove? Well I got a blue hair story to go along with it just uh lady pulled on some others we followed into a winddicksy I'm standing there observing her I thought I was staring her down but I was observing her to get the car it he bops her out of runs right in and it's got to bring the car out to the front just the nails and goes right through and the guy says excuse me and you have to wait she drove. So what goes is a drug test for me going to do some of my shekiel. Yeah what can I tell you you know that governor Martin is you've been hanging around with Dracula too long and so I can tell you hey from hell and do I need a girl partner is he probably able to check it out what do you surprise I'm trying to find my way of hell and I think he once had lunch there you got it I got one more thing uh another stuff because watching so don't have you now pregnant I'm wrong it's wrong I won't go any further but wasn't it's 7 11 there was two playboy in penthouse yeah so don't you sitting there interviewing a little pro Jackson with a little boy Jackson the one in playboy with the next boy yeah yeah yeah yeah that little toy yeah yeah yeah that little toy yeah yeah he was she's got it together like the word from the 7 and they were interviewing a little toy yeah and god no one in minute and Michael hadn't seen the pictures but he asked her to try to express the first copy she got and and she was responsible yeah I know at Michael he just can't stop in it in 7 11 pick one up who got you know the lawyers must have had a cardiac here any places and I can't plan why well I took him off the shelf now he's so white I don't know if there's still off I don't know if they got him back on I don't remember the the upshot of that whole thing but what is so he can go to you told him you know well I get to circle k i guess he couldn't blanket out of here just you had to play it because a bike would have said he had to set up and they shouldn't have said anyway okay well I don't I don't I'm losing sleep over okay well enjoy talk to you everything I've voted for you in the overtime life but thank you say goodbye 131 a Wild we have an open line in bokeh 2789 463 278 Wetheraco is look at that well we must have hit a run there somewhere because even bokeh we got a mobile in bokeh hello oh yeah hello Glenn hi what's up listen this is like a ship to shore call yeah it's a massacized I think this is a real mobile no no I don't think it's necessary pal yeah I told you it's ship to shore man it's a steam ship I'm driving that tank that guy's got my ass scum must be on the queen Mary go ahead listen I was I was really upset the way you were yelling at Glenn before I was really I think it was devastating I don't know really I got butterflies in my stomach I was upset I defiantly gourmet it's really the one you were yelling on you know this is a Neil Rodgers show and maybe on that's not really nice it's funny these things always happen over the same subject every time Neil ever yells at me yeah it's terrible how do you put up with that upstate New York try to control yourself I got over it have a great life and get off the boat already where you are 33 at WIOD I was and we have that Palm Beach line open again which it's really heating up now not that the show is almost over they're really getting into the swing you're okay it takes them a little time to warm up to whatever is going on don't you understand they're a little bit slow like in Lake Worth they're a little slow probably the lake worth city council is going to be getting a letter real soon from that awful about that awful Neil Rodgers and he's attacking those senior citizens in Lake Worth it's just terrible 655 WIOD and we want to tell you that if you're a sports nutman and you don't have old deep little old lady from IOD it's a little old lady from IOD I know many so many slow with a big ball cap and a silk body now many so many so many slow giving it a big deal he won down shot he's got a little condition to get that now I can't even know what would make me meaner than that little old lady from IOD I told you that she's called she's a real one she's a teller of how it'll be full of odd she's a little old lady from IOD it's a little old lady from IOD I know many so many slow you cut your open act like it never see y'all and it's so many so many slow don't try and blow your onto agitated because she only keeps looking on a respirator now I can't think of no one who would make you meaner than that little old lady from IOD she calls and she calls you the real old one she's a teller of how it'll be full of odd she's a little old lady from IOD it's a little old lady from IOD I know many so many so many so many slow it's a little old lady from IOD I know we have played the samurai a little lady from IOD we have LILLYY 24 25 24 We're picking on them and they can do it up in Tamarack. We're just picking on everybody, okay? We are an equal opportunity picker. That's what they say in a micro-nary show Okay, it's 139 21 till 2 we got a call from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Hello Yes, sir. It is cold Not good luck to you. It's pretty damn cold here too pal. We made it's not it pushing 70 Okay, I'm looking about which will have my dissonance Oh Coming back into town Jerry from Plantation was the no first of how's the powerful doing it on April? Oh, we got that temporary patch man. It's really great. It's got water up all around it And it's just a real mess and if we live long enough all the big muckers on that street there Man, they're gonna get everything all straightened out boy Where they have to do air lifting ass off from I'm 95 to get that taken care of what just the fault part Gotcha any Well, I'm coming in this weekend any any good bets of the track. No, I don't have I'm we've given up picking it to track Okay, we're cold. Where is cold is a large block of ice as you My 22 below I think oh What's this about the watch channel you guys ever times the watch out is it possible with plantation? Well, if enough people get on a horn to continental cable man that's the idea They want people to get on a phone call or cable company say listen We want to see all of these things like the NHL all star game that was on the other night We want to be able to see him. I know it's revolutionary, but the way to do it is that we know if the sports channels on your cable Well, let's start forming in front of the public tomorrow Sunrise will just watch right on down there. Okay Sounds good to me Have a great trip. Okay, buddy. Take care. Bye Wow, let's see. We started out this morning Somewhere. Where was it? Where was it? For what? Mr. Jory. Oh, you're a Princeton new joysie and now we are getting toward the end here We're getting Tulsa Oklahoma man. This show just made it all over the country and I have a feeling that city commissions from coast to coast They're gonna be meeting with emergency meetings pretty soon to pass emergency resolutions about this Dangerous radio program with these socio-pathic coasts. Yeah, they're gonna get one off to Princeton. Yeah, Paul and Princeton New Jersey There's a good one for you pal get on a horn now get that typewriter going Luxembourg We get a lot of Luxembourg man. I'd write one to the don't they have a king or a queen over there? I'm not sure well Probably a lot of queens gonna be getting letters. My amy. Hello. Hey, new. Yeah Okay, and hell of a week. Yes, it has well you you just don't sound too excited about it though. I'm very excited Can I say something? I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I have you're just such a laidback guy I have a feeling that I don't know how to save this politely But I just don't know if anybody could ever tell you were really excited are there ever those moments? You don't know if you could tell that I was yeah. Oh, yeah, I'll let you know Okay, well, I'm waiting for that with baited Brett. Okay. Um, you know I just wondering So you do know what I mean. I mean it's like There's just some people that you've encountered in your life and you wonder if they ever just get off that like tone You don't understand? Yes, I believe me. I've had my bad days Really I'm not I'm not saying you're having a bad day. It's just your very laid back Well, you know when well believe me if you had you know situations I have you'd be very laid back to really? Yeah, can you give us any examples? Well, no, you don't we don't want to delve Not today. We'll save them for next week. Yeah next week. I'll give you a little hint By the way, I'm calling from a unicycle with the mobile phone does that count? Yeah. That's that's our favorite. Okay You don't know Patrick McGooen do you know I don't you remember you don't remember the prisoner The prisoner no now was a series that they've dicks and used to run on 51 all the time It was a great old there was a had a cult following Was a really bizarre series about this to spy this British spy who was kidnapped and put on his island to give it a number and everything number three and Anyway the beginning of the show they always the disimble was a guy on a unicycle Right, which has nothing to do with anything but he mentioned I was always into the big bubble But you know that's the big bubble on the beach used to it was like big brother and it would chase you around Yeah, try to escape this it looked like a giant rubber ball and it would chase you around and envelop you cool Sure real cool anyway. I know that's not what you called about well, you know, I'm I'd listen to anything All right So anyway Isn't that idiot in the truck that you race with your super have you race anyone else The idiot in the truck? Yeah, you said you race someone in the truck who kept on other catalan No, no, they've kid in the catalan by the way there was also a letter from our favorite friend about that About my going on here and talking about drag racing a young man in a catalach and about how I was out trolling for boys again I mean I'll tell you one thing if my life was five percent as exciting is this person evidently thinks it is I would just be I wouldn't have time to do the show Well, I guess they failed to mention the good things about you know the station Mike you know raising the money for now. Yeah. Now. There. There are no such good thing don't you understand We don't do anything that's right or anything that's good Well, that's one of the reasons I'm laid back because everyone looks at the bad and not the good that is great Especially when you live here sure You're right listen here up a little bit have a great weekend. You too see a five one 44 a wio day. We have an open line in date 75 one 9463 75 one wio day and we really we said a lot of records today We had our first call from a pickup truck on a mobile phone We had our first call from a unicycle on a mobile phone well close and What we had several call I think the most calls ever from university of Miami student that no question what was it three? Yeah, and that is I got no problem and when we get three calls from the U of M and it's That is so monumental. I mean it's just incredible. I'm shocking. I can't get over it I think I like I mean there are a lot of nice kids over there. Don't get me wrong But it's just Not what you call your real activist place It's not a hotbed of real student activity. You know what I'm saying? It's like cruising and snooze and I think basically What it's all about over there just just not a real active a progressive exciting bunch, you know Never has been very snooty But again, I'm generalizing and we shouldn't do that. Should we sure we should okay? Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello Okay, good call. I like those mobile calls that hang on all that time and then as soon as you punch them up the hang up Now that's really worth it in it to spend well, maybe they couldn't hear it on their car radio For a long day. Hello, how you doing? I just want to come to the defense of what out the Toyota Supra Turbo cars that Or out there I brought mine down at Hollywood Toyota and I bought it also from dead and I've had about three months and There's nothing on the road that has been able to catch me or Anything and I think the most fantastic Opemine driving machine. Oh, yeah, they're so smooth riding that and see that's the thing that I love about it is you know the Corvette is fast Or I'll be honest with you. I could I could be chinook Corvette but as far Are you serious now? Oh, yeah, because I'm run To that and what years One was I Would say was the 88 or it was the flush back one. I thought it was a new one and I don't know what entity had I know the new one it's supposed to have a loaders with blow off the Turbo with no problem, but the There's four in Mustang five O GTs The guys will start to run me and I just walk away from them and they can't believe it so I just gave up on them and Nick says that's an 86 bet Yeah, but but I got an 88 and I'm I'm be honest with you seriously. It's it's faster than the turbo the super But but the super is not only extraordinarily fast But it is so smooth riding I've had a lot of cars and I've written in a lot of sports cars and I've had the other You know Japanese cars before this is the smoothest riding sports car that's got the speed to go along with it It's a tremendous car if you've seen You know it's when you buy a car like you can buy a Corvette all the sudden you see 20,000 Corvettes to be very honest with you I've only seen three Toyota super turbos on the road. I see a lot of Toyota super Yeah, but I haven't seen that many turbos on the road. I agree with the I see very few I want to tell you something. I'm 47. I just got into my midlife crisis I got a rid of the river areas of Cadillac and I think it's the ultimate driving machine Excuse me when these people call up and there's trucks and everything else and I look at it as their Germans because they came afforded 29,000 dollar cars. Yeah, and But I went to buy a vent when I got in it. I told the guy I said I'm buying it. I couldn't get out of the car And I think that the Toyota super is made for the driver with all the controls you got to make your sea I had three guys in the last night in the guy in the back seat It's complaining there was no regular room, but then I went to pass the truck and I saw like 15 cars in a row I just floored it got around them the guy in the back said The other guy in the front should say said he wanted to go on the back with them I've never I've never in my life and I've owned vets too I've never enjoyed a car more than I have the Super with the turbo and I've got the Target top that comes off just like the yeah exact that's what I got in the end I think that you'll find out that these people that keep talking about it or think the little Mustangs that these 18 year olds pick up with all the engine and boot on the rubber Super doesn't burn anything it just goes out and needs them off you got it. Thanks a lot. Hey, how do you like netted? net just super guy all the people over there great. I didn't know it's the first time I mean you go out and you buy a Carlac or whatever kind of car you buy and then you go in there and after the first year everything falls apart and it's thing that I'd like Is you to make an appointment to go down with your Toyota and then go in there when they say they do everything that they say They're gonna do yeah, I buy the way do you know Si That calls you yeah, oh yeah, yeah, here's a good friend and after Bob I'm working from UCCA to those commercial radio Sai It's hard seaside. Yes, I think they meant that other sign for a lot of now That's no the one and four and one in the other account and he said if I call up and use your name you would hang up on me I didn't want to use his name That was this over at Bob's place. I do printing for Bob wait a minute. You're talking about the Si who hates us with a passion He's an account me calling you up before water down No, the one I know is in the insurance business. Oh, yeah, no, I take it back you're right insurance. Yeah, I know I'm He lost a lot of weight. Well good luck to him. I hope he loses a lot more have a great weekend They're nice talking to you. Hi. Wow. I was a great commercial for a Toyota's into it of Hollywood, which is sensational and under the way that he's absolutely right and as far as Sai is concerned Oh God talk about hysterical Anyway, Valentine's Day all right one 53 we're almost at the end of the week, but and it would be Wow, this is going to be unfair, but it wouldn't be unfair. It would probably be appropriate to take a couple of moments out here toward the end of the show to because this is old business again about the business cards. Yeah, and you were joking to me about the fact that they're not ready yet. We're not getting him Because because Mr. Disney said that it's inappropriate to make business cards for talent See the salespeople have got business cards and the people in management at all levels. I'm sure have business cards It's looking for some people. We're not really quite sure what they do here, right? But the talent doesn't get business cards. I can't seem to get a cross That every station I've worked at in this market me too and every major market that I know The major talent even the producers have business cards, okay? Yeah, and I used them believe it or no Absolutely there are a lot of places you go in for example when you go out on a parent's like when Steven I worked Toyota Hollywood at that time there were no bumpers to get red nothing at all to give out and You know you're looking for something to sign a business card as a convenient thing if you got a stack of them that you take along with you one example. Oh, one of many Hmm I didn't ever well He's never heard of talent having a business card Mr. Disney. I've never heard of talent not I know And we can say that and they just don't seem to understand that well, I guess this is a major is it a major expense I Because I you know, I'll have him printed myself if it's you know, gonna put it tremendous imposition Well, me too. Well, probably because nobody's around and I asked you all before about my check and I get paid every Friday And nobody seems to know anything about it so perhaps they're out like taken up a collection Now if they deliver it if by some miracle by the end of the day my check does materialize Maybe that I could afford to take a few bucks out there and get some business cards on my own I might even get some for you Kindness of my heart you are a kind man because I know it's a well it's a major expense I mean It's in real is the fact that we got about 400 people here in the hallway walking up and down We have no concept of what it is that they do and they don't either That should you know come as no All right, well, I obviously I brought up the rough area there. Yeah, I think it's about time you stop making trouble. I guess I guess I was business cards who the hell are you kidding? What do you think of somebody important? What what what is wrong with me? Well, maybe now listen, maybe with a pencil Oh my okay Okay, I guess they have an apology coming for me Yeah, who the hell do you think you are anyway? I'll take care of that today. Yeah, please. I want you to profusely not just a regular apology I want a profuse oh Okay, they'll get one no remember and about those Venetian blinds in there too Same with vertical blinds. It's the same kind of thing. Yeah, oh I get them open. Okay, keep your hands off the vertical Yeah, I got into that too. Yes, yeah, yeah, well, I think now you're beginning to understand the kinds of things That upper level management has to cope and deal with on a daily basis. Okay. Yeah, I sure am your vertical blinds And business cards. Well, we were wondering you know some of the things they do and we're lining out slowly What do you want me to do on a satian? I mean this from the bottom of my heart that all Management people and in on their very nice folks here and all of that and they pretend they got some clues to what they're doing But all management people have got a thing about talent even if it's not a conscious thing in their subconscious There's this thing and of course with all the stuff that's going on now even though they don't Verbalize and I'm sure at somewhere in the back of their mind is oh Jesus, we could just just get some big automation machines You know if I could find a way to do it that way and just because I'm telling you the table come it'll be automated talk You know how you get these computerized messages when you answer the phone Which I always hang up right away. I think most people are selling the day will come folks that you'll be diving the phone and you'll hear a computer Run the other end of the line Thank you very much for your call have a nice day Gary Lawrence used to call what I did and I assume we did what you did too But he used to say to me he used to call what I did cutting out paper dolls He had the important stuff to do. I don't know just paper dolls You're just gonna go cut out. It's amazing. He said it because you know Gary a lot of people wonder what happened to him since he left W. I see he is no seriously for a living now. He cuts out paper What go the rail come to round that's true story And now he's all right. He and I got always got a long well Except a contract renewal time that goes shit. He was tough man. He was a real old cookie You know kidn that's an understatement But anyway, see right here they pay they pay a lot of money, but you just don't get your check So it looks good on paper But then when you start looking in your checkbook and you say what the house going on here? You know I'm making a fortune But I don't have any money. You're so tickled. Well, that's you notice I make a big Simis about this every week. I go about the check because voluntarily you rarely get it. I mean like the regular ones every other Friday everybody gets those in that one kind of envelope But those ones that I get this natural color special color checks. Yeah, that come like from a Swiss bank or something Unless you really make a big deal about that it just never happens. You know Anyway, we're just about on time for the week and we thank again everybody who sent in letters and the facts things and all the other Voices support and we can you know sit here and joke and everything, but it is it's a real pond of this thing and it's going on for a too long And it's gonna stop okay, and you'll notice you notice you can trace all of it back Whether it's hallendale whether it's university of Miami think all of it back to one individual okay? Amazing now doesn't that tell you something in a metropolitan area 4 million people Basically we got a problem with one person in Places in that of four million yeah, so I guess we must be doing something really wrong Well, so we're gonna try to clean up our act over the weekend have a real good one best to kneel tomorrow I think we're gonna replay something like yet today show something real all that you won't remember And the state tune for four hours of open phones with Steve coming up next on six ten wio d